1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1761
persons without makiug any compensation for
that property, when the Constitution is simple
and emphatic that, private property shall not '
be taken for public use except on just com-
pensation made?
Bat, Mr. President, that is not the only act
of repudiation. The rebels contracted debts
in their insurrection. I admit that those debts
were improperly contracted, and if I were a
citizen of any State in which such debts were
contracted 1 would do my utmost to prevent
the collection of such debts; but I say that the
Cougress of the United States and the Govern-
ment of the United States had no power to
compel the repudiation of those debts by the
people of the States. If there is such a power
given by the Constitution to Congress, it can be
read, it is in words. A part of this rebel debt
contracted in insurrection, and, I admit, in
crime, was sold to Europe as well as the debt
of the United States. European capitalists
invested their money in the rebel debt as well
as in the debt of the United States. What
have you done by your overwhelming power?
You have required those people to repudiate
their rebel debt and that rebel debt the pro-
prietors of which were European capitalists.
Now, sir, do you deserve any credit before the
capitalists of Europe for your own bonds, for
pur own honor, for your own incapability of
repudiating your own bonds, when you have
required the rebels who sold their bonds to the
same capitalists to repudiate them? Will they
not argue according to the analogies of human
nature, that when it becomes your interest to
repudiate your own debts you will no more
hesitate to repudiate them than you did in
compelling a third party to repudiate his debt
to the same capitalists and creditors.
I deny the power, the rightful power of the
Government of the United States to compel
the southern people to repudiate their rebel
debt. I admit that for themselves they ought
to have repudiated it; but it was their matter,
in which you had no concern. It was not your
business. It was their business. Any debtors
who have the will and the disposition to pay
their debts have a right of themselves to pay
them, and there is no reason or propriety or
right for a third person to intervene between
them and their sense of their obligation.
Now, in relation to other property the mili-
tary officers of the United States were sent
broadcast over the Union, into my State every-
where. They gathered up horses, they put their
price upon horses ; horses that were worth from
two hundred to two hundred and fifty dollars
they wrested from their owners for one hun-
dred and twenty-five or one hundred and fifty
dollars; and if those owners dared suggest any-
thing against the measures of the Government
by which their property was taken from them
without just compensation, according to the
requirements of the Constitution, it would be
whispered in some man's ears " clothed with
aiittle brief authority " that they were disloyal,
and consequently they would be denied all com-
pensation for their property. The amount of
property, the just value of which you have thus
repudiated, independent of the negro property,
amounts to millions.
Now, sir, when your public actions prove
you to be repudiators, when the record of your
legislation prove you to be be repudiators, and
when you have embodied repudiation in the
Constitution itself, for gentlemen to afFect to
have a moral sense shocked by a proposition
to scale the amount of the bonds to the gold
value of what the shoddyites and the capital-
ists paid for those bonds at the time they were
negotiated I think requires a good deal of hard-
ness of face.
Then, sir, the losses of these bondholders,
of the shoddyites, who sold their goods to the
Government at two prices and afterward in-
vested the proceeds in bonds, would be nothing
to the losses of the owners of slaves and horses
and of other property that were impressed into
Government service for a very inadequate price
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 111.
and in many cases without any price at all.
The losses of the latter class of persons will
be infinitely greater than those of the others.
For what object were these bonds sold? What
was the purpose in obtaining the money and i
of its application ? Let the fragments of our
Constitution and of our system of government ,
answer. Let the ungrateful treatment which
General McClellan received before Richmond
and afterward, when he had fought the battle of '
Antietam and was pursuing Lee as far as Cul-
pepper, answer. Sir, General McClellan was [
before Richmond in June, 18G2. He had been
called upon by the President and the miltarv |
authorities to know what amount of military
power he would require to invest the capital
of the southern confederacy. He responded
two hundred and fifty thousand men. It was
ridiculed as a great exaggeration. There was
not a man in that estimate beyond the work :
and the difficulty of the work that was to be !
achieved. Sherman, when he was in Louisville, j
was called upon for a similar estimate in rela- I
tion to overthrowing the power of the rebellion !
in the southwestern States. He was asked what
amount of force lie would require. He replied
two hundred thousand men. He was treated
as a madman ; and yet the result proved that ;
his estimate was within reason; that it was not J
an overestimate at all. j
McClellan in the spring of 1862 commenced i
his advance upon Richmond. He had under j
his immediate command between eighty-five
and ninety thousand men. He had asked for two ,
hundred and fifty thousand. He was promised ;
faithfully by the then Secretary of War, the |
General-in-Chief, and the President that he
should have McDowell's corps of thirty-five
thousand, Blenker's division of ten thousand,
ten thousand reinforcements from Fortress
Monroe, and five thousand from Washington.
He moved to the White House without the
loss of a man, and then marched toward the
Chickahominy. Blenker's division was with-
held from him and ordered upon other service.
McDowell was ordered up into the valley, and
the important expedition for which his army
had been in part designed was abandoned.
The ten thousand from Fortress Monroe were
j never sent, nor one of the five thousand that
were promised him from the city of Washing-
ton. He would have had about one hundred
and fifty thousand men with which to invest
Richmond if the faith of the Government and
; of these high officials, as pledged to him, had
■ been kept. What was the consequence? He
1 was left to beleaguer Richmond, manned by a
larger force than the army he commanded.
He fought the seven days' battles, and the
operations of the last day, the battle of Mal-
vern, and the change of his front upon Harri-
son's Landing, were among the finest military
operations of the age.
; What did he do then? He wrote back for
' reinforcements to the President, who was
! always his friend and who was friend to his coun-
i try, to the Secretary of War, and to the Gen-
; eral-in-Chief, beseeching, imploring them to
' send the reinforcements that they had prom-
j ised. Probably it was then too late. The
I Secretary of War and the General-in-Chief
treated him with insolence, and most insolently
refused to send him a solitary man by way of
reinforcement. Sir, if the forces promised
McClellan then and there had been sent to him
according to promise, and his army had been
strengthened by the addition of those sixty
thousand men, Richmond would have fallen in
the sumner of 1862, and the rebellion would
have been crushed.
But that did not suit the Secretary of War;
it did not suit the General-in-Chief; it did^not
suit the leading members of Congress. They
were determined that McClellan should never
take Richmond in that campaign, and they one
and all, as I religiously believe, would have
preferred, and did then prefer, that McClellan
and his whole army should be destroyed rather
than that he should capture Richmond. They
had their purposes to subserve. It was not the
enemy in front, powerful and formidable as he
was, that balked the expedition of McClellan
so much as treachery in Washington city.
The Secretary of War was treacherous to
McClellan for two reasons: first, because of
his envy and his disposition to repress his mil-
itary promotion and glory ; and also for pur-
poses of vengeance upon the southern people,
their subjugation, and the overthrow of then-
great domestic institution. The General-in-
Chief was treacherous because of his envy to
the young and rising military hero. Nothing
debauches the human heart more than human
ambition, except power. Here ambition and
power both were working to debauch the hearts
and the principles of those two high officials,
and they did their _ work effectually. That
treachery in these high officials was the reason
that McClellan was not then supported as he
had been promised by his Government that he
should be supported, and in that way they de-
feated the overthrow of the rebellion at that
time and the close of the war.
I will read the key of the cause that pro-
duced the failure of McClellan's campaign.
It was his known principles in relation to the
manner in which and upon which the war
should be conducted. He entered the service
and he assumed the command-in-cliief of the
armies of the United States, then in subordi-
nation to the Constitution and the civil author-
ities of the country. His object was simply to
quell the rebellion without any destruction of
the Constitution of the Government, without
any overthrow of the State governments, and
without any enslavement of the southern peo-
ple. I will read from his letter under date of
July 7, 18G2, addressed to President Lincoln:
"The time lias come when the Government must
determine upon a civil and military policy covering
the whole ground of our national trouble. The
responsibility of determining, declaring, and sup-
porting such civil and military policy, and of direct-
ing the whole course of national affairs in regard to
the rebellion, must now be assumed and exercised
by you, or our cause will bo lost. The Constitution
gives you power even for the present terrible exi-
gency.
"' This rebellion has assumed the character of a war;
as such it should be regarded, and it should be con-
ducted upon the highest principles known toChristian
civilization. It should not bo a war looking to the
subjugation of the people of any State, in any event.
It should not be at all a war upon population, but
against armed forces and political organisations.
Neither confiscation of property, political executions
of persons, territorial organization of States, or for-
cible abolition of slavery should be contemplated
for a moment.
" In prosecuting the war all private property and
unarmed persons should be strictly protected, sub-
ject only to the necessity of military operations; all
private property taken for military use should be
paid or receipted for; pillage and waste should be
treated as high crimes; all unnecessary trespass
sternly prohibited, and offensive demeanor by the
military toward citizens promptly rebuked. Mili-
tary arrests should not bo tolerated except in places
where active hostilities exist; and oaths notrequired
by enactments constitutionally made should bo
neither demanded nor received.
" Military governments should be confined to the
preservation of public order and the protection of
political right. Military powershould not beallowcd
to interfere with the relations of servitude, either by
supporting or impairing the authority of the master,
except for repressing disorder, as in other eases.
Slaves, contraband under the act of Congress, seek-
ing military protection, should receive it. Theright
of the Government to appropriate permanently to its
own service claims to slavo laborshould be asserted,
and the right of the owner to compensation there-
for should be recognized. This principle might be
extended upon grounds of military necessity and
security to all the slaves of a particular State, thus
working manumission in such State; and in Mis-
souri, perhaps in western Virginia also, and possibly
even in Maryland, the expediency of such a measure
is only a question of time. A system of policy thus
constitutional, and pervaded by the influences of
Christianity and freedom, would receive the support
of almost all truly loyal men, would deeply impress
the rebel masses and all foreign nations, and it might
be humbly hoped that it would commend itself to the
favor of the Almighty."
There were the principles laid down by that
illustrious young chief, a man worthy to be the
I successor of Washington in the command of
! the armies of his country and in his subordina-
l tion of the military to the civil power. There
were the great principles of constitutional law
and right which he laid down for the terrible
