1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■mm
Mr. STEWAET. I want it distinctly under-
stood that if accepted it is not a precedent,
because before it becomes a precedent I want
to be heard distinctly on it.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope it will be regarded
as a precedent only for the South.
Mr. HARLAN. And Iowa.
Mr. STEWAET. I do not think it ought to
go on this bill, because lands near the railroad
are worth more than they are at a distance.
Mr. KELLOGG. If the whole State of
Louisiana, or any State in the South, had one
tithe of the land grants Iowa has got I should
not say a word. Iowa has got all the land she
wants for railroad purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am much gratified to
see the zeal of the late converts on the subject
of land grants to railroads. It is apt to be
with such converts that their zeal sometimes
outruns their discretion. I considered myself
very fortunate when I first succeeded in in-
ducing the Senate to adopt the principle of what
wa3 known at that time as the House amend-
ment or the Dakota amendment. I had the
honor first to press it on the attention of this
body, with a lamentable want of success in the
case of the most colossal grant ever made in
modern times to a private corporation ; and
not a single one of the gentlemen who are now
claiming so much for their late services in the
cause of restrictions in favor of settlers on these
land grants to railroads, voted for that meas-
ure at that time. They refused to vote for its
application even as to the ten, twelve, or fifteen
million acres granted by the measure then
before the Senate in addition to the original
grant.
Now, sir, I desire to say that I am always
satisfied to take half a loaf rather than go with-
out any bread. I was content with that amend-
ment as it stood. I have offered it in every
proper case since, and generally with success.
It had this advantage, in my judgment, that it
enabled the railroad companies within certain
limits, under the direction of the proper Depart-
ment of the Government, to obtain for their
alternate sections a reasonable sum, such a
sum as would prevent them from complain-
ing, with any reasonable ground, that the quan-
tity of land given was not sufficient.
But, sir, as the Senator from Louisiana has
accepted the amendment in the precise shape
in which it was offered by the Senator from
Iowa, I of course am entirely content, and I
merely inquire of the Senator from Iowa now
in what respect section four is altered by his
amendment; whether his amendment does not
render it necessary to strike out some portions
of that section from about line sixteen to line
twenty-three ?
Mr. HARLAN. I have not a copy of the
bill before me and am unable to answer.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will send it to the Sen-
ator. I think his amendment fixing an inflex-
ible maximum of $2 50 will require the striking
out of some portions of this secition between
lines sixteen and twenty-three.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the section is still
capable of being enforced, as the company
may desire to sell some portions of this land
at a lower rate than $2 50 an acre; and hence
the machinery may be desirable.
Mr. CASSERLY. It struck me that it might
be in contradiction with the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. I think not. That provides
that the company shall fix the price, and they
may fix a price on some of the land below $2 50.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from Iowa
is satisfied, of course I am.
Mr. COLE. On page 2, line twenty-one, I
move to strike out the words "alternate sec-
tions in width," and insert in place of them
the word "miles," so that it will be in har-
41st Conot. 2d Sess.—No. 347.
mony with the wording of the clause which
immediately follows. Otherwise there is great
ambiguity.
Mr. KELLOGG. That is the same provis-
sion always put in these bills.
Mr. HARLAN. The proposed amendment
would diminish the grant one half.
Mr. COLE. No, sir; if the honorable Sen-
ator will read just below he will find that I am
correct; but we want to have certainty about
it, I suppose.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it is clear as it is.
Mr. COLE. It is not clear as it is, because
this speaks of "within the limits of ten alter-
nate sections in width on each side thereof,
designated by odd numbers, to the amount of
five such alternate sections on each side thereof
per mile."
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well.
Mr. COLE. If there are ten sections per
mile it cannot be five; and if the latter amount,
five sections of land, is intended, there can be
no objection to an amendment of the proposi-
tion which removes ambiguity and doubt.
Mr. KELLOGG. It seems to me very clear
as it is. The provision is that the lands se-
lected shall be "nearest to the said road and
within the limits of ten alternate sections in
width on each side thereof, designated by odd
numbers, to the amount of five such alternate
sections on each side thereof per mile."
Mr. HARLAN. It is surplusage.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator will strike out
the word " alternate" it will make it definite.
It is ton sections in width, which is ten miles;
but ten alternate sections would include a
space of twenty miles in width on each side.
That is not the intention, as is very clear from
what follows.
Mr. WARNER. I will say to the Senator
from California that there cannot be any mis-
take about the phraseology. The language
has been very carefully considered. The whole
amendment was carefully matured in full com-
mittee, and the concluding words limit dis-
tinctly the amount to five sections per mile.
Mr. COLE. The Senator certainly has given
very little attention to it.
Mr. WARNER. I have studied it over very
carefully.
Mr. COLE. This amendment has been put
into preceding bills, and I think should be in
this.
Mr. WARNER. I have been over it very
carefully with the Senator from Oregon. We
have weighed the language carefully. It can-
not be misunderstood.
Mr. COLE. If the word "alternate" is
stricken out that will accomplish the same
object. Alternate sections mean every other
section; and ten alternate sections mean ten
sections taken one after another, which would
require a space of twenty miles.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves to strike out the word
"alternate."
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope not.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. COLE. In the fifth section I move in
the third line to strike out the words "one
year" and insert " six months." There cer-
tainly cannot be any necessity for a whole year
to determine the location of a road in an old
State like Louisiana.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well. I make no
objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.COLli. Very properly, during the earlier
stages of proceedings this morning, the last
section of a bill was stricken out which was
in terms like the last section of this bill, which
I hope will be stricken out. I move to strike
out section eight.
Mr. HARLAN. Before the Senate passes
from section five. I call the attention of the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana to the amount
of work required to be done in the first year.
The company is required to build one hundred
or more miles .of the road within one«yearfrom
the passage of the act. This is very onerous.
Mr. KELLOGG;, ,It was intended to be
fifty. ... ...
Mr. COLE. It seems to me they can .file
their assent within a month. '■ ;
Mr. HARLAN.. This was agreed to. I
think it would bebetterto strike out" one hun-
dred " and put in " fifty."
Mr. COLE. If the company are willing to
build one hundred miles a year, why not let
them?
Mr. KELLOGG. I have already said that
it was intended that it should be fifty miles
instead of one hundred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa moves to strike out "one hundred"
and insert "fifty" in the fifth section.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Now I move to strike out in
the last section the following words:
And be it further enacted. That this act shall take
effect from and after its passage, and all laws or parts
of laws conflicting herewith arc hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Public Lands, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 1034) to relieve A. E. Reynolds from
civil and political disabilities.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2100) to create a poi't of
delivery at Houston, Texas;
A bill (H. R. No. 2352) to relieve Vernon
II. Vaughan, of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, of all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth article of amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States ;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 349) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to settle
the accounts of Richard H. Peebles, of Austin
county, Texas, late collector of the port of
Galveston, Texas ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 870) directing
the expenditure of an appropriation for the
improvement of the Tennessee river.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 1902) for the relief of
Francis A. Conwell;
A bill (H. R. No. 1176) to provide for the
settlement of the claims of Archer N. Martin,
late assessor of internal revenue of the seventh
collection district of Pennsylvania; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 322) author-
izing the Secretary of War to transfer to Keo-
kuk, Iowa, condemned ordnance for the orna-
mentation of the soldiers' cemetery at that
place.
The message also announced that the House
insisted upon its amendments to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2082)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes, disagreed to by the Senate,
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. O. J. Dickey
of Pennsylvania, Mr. John A. Logan of Illi-
nois, and Mr. J. F. Aspkr of Missouri, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 380) to
authorize the refunding and consolidation of
