1870.-
TilE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE).
4593
Does the gentleman consider that when Provi-
dence takes hold of a man it is about time for
the tax-gatherer to Jake his hand off? ihe
idea that a Government bas.ed .on popular
sympathy and popular support can come fop-
ward apd tax a man's misfortunes) can make
Ijim pay a tax on propert/ that has alfeady
been destroyed and blotted ouf'of exi§tenpe,
and that y.ou pap make that rnan cpptente.d
and happy to live under such a Gpyprptjient,
is utterly preposterous.
It is not necessary to take into account the
hardship of any particular case'. We may take
any case. The tax-gatherer comes, and before
his tracks are obliterated Proyidence comes
and lays its (lands on the property and destroys
it, so that the .owner is beggared. Then the
Government comes and says that it will take
from him that which hp has not. It does not
require a great deal of reflection to show that
this would be t.oo rigorous a rule to carry out
under any circumstances.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 wish to ask the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Hotchkiss] cue
question. If to-day the house in which he lives
is assessed for State and county taxes, and a
we.ek fiom tQ-.day the house is destroyed by fire,
would he be exempt from the payment of the
| Mr. HOTCHKISS. I will answer the gen-
tleman. In the State where 1 reside the as-
sessor goes around during the month of July
in each year and makes the assessments. His
return is made to theboard of supervisors, who
in November impose a tax. Now, suppose in
the meantime my house or personal prpperty is
destroyed; what power on earth is there that
can impose a tax upon it? To impose a tax
on a thing that is out of existence simply be-
cause if had an .existence six months ago is an
absurdity.
Mr. WELKER. Suppose the gentleman's
house were burned after the assessment in
November?
Mr. WA.SHBURN, of Massachusetts. I do
not wish to take up much time with this bill,
because we Ifave many others to bring before
the House. I merely wish to call the attention
of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Benja-
min] to the faot that with the exception of this
article of spirits, and one or two other manu-
factured articles, the lax is not paid till the
article is sol.d ; so that ordinarily if a manufac-
tured article is burned before its sale there is
no Governmenttax.ation to be paid. But here
the case is different on account of our peculiar
mode of assessing taxes upon this article.
I will add that the committee hav.e no par-
ticular feeling upon this question. We are
willing, of course, that the House shall decide
whether in such a ease as this the tax should
or should not be remitted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In order lp lest the sense
of the House on this question, I move that the
bill be laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the yote by which the bill was
passe,d; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
supreme court 01' tub distuicl'.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the Senate:
Ik Sexate op the United States,
June 17,1870.
Ordered, That the Secretary request tho IIousc of
Popresentotives to return to the Senate tie bill (rf.
JSTo. i'j'}.) relative to the s.up,rcme court of tho District
of (Jolumbia, passed by the Senate yesterday and
transmitted to the House for its concurrence.
The SPEAKER. This bill was passed by t
the House an hour or two prior to the receipt j
of the message from the Senate ; the voteupon j
its passage was reconsidered, and the motion j
to reconsider was laid on the table. To reverse I
41st Cong, 2j> Skss.—-No. 288.
the action .of the House and send the bill back
to the Spnale will require qnanimous consent.
%. ORTH. I hppe upanifiojis conserjt kfll
be given.
Mr. McKENZIE. I object..
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I trust that
courtesy to the Senate will induce the gentle-
man to withdraw his objection. "1
Mr. McKENZIE. I withdraw theobjection.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew it.
The SPEAKER. On Monday, under a sus-
pension of the rules by a two-thirds vote, the
action taken op the bill can be reconsidered, so
that it may be returned in accordance witht.he
request of the Senate. As this is a matter of
courtesy between the two branches of Congress,
the Chair will lay the matter before the House
'on next Monday morning.
SIIADIUCK SAUNDERS.
Jlr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, frojn
the Committee of Claims, reported back a bill
(II. R. No. 1357) for the relief of Shadrick
Saunders, David Moore, Alexander Forbes,'
and other citizens of Petersburg, Virginia.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of $16 80 to each of the
following named persons, in fall for services
rendered by them in the commissary depot
at Petersburg, Virginia, from tho 7lh' to
the 27th day of April, 1865: Shadrick Saund-
ers, Daniel Moore, Alexander Forbes, York
Wingfield, Plummer Maclin, John Garland,
Junius Lewis, William Green, Booker Whit-
low, Simon Cary, Richard Robinson, Ephraim
Fisher, Robert Johnson, Aqua Mac Baily,
Edmond Randolph, Nelson Cox, Abram Batiks,
JimBroaduax, Thomas Edward Lanier, Albert
Love, Richard A. Itinson, James RufEn, Ben-
jamin Bnggs, Asa Brander, Edwin' Jones,-
Isaac Hill, Peter Mitchell, Licy Chapman',
David Goodwyn, Jacob Shields, George W.
Baily, James Newsome, Robert Heath, Perry
Holmes, Meanson Grammer, James II. John-
son, William Grammer, Collin Jones, Daniel
Thomas, Robert Smith, William Bishop, Ben-
jamin Wilson, Robert Johnson, Richard Lewjs,
John Davis, James Tull, Thomas Woody,
Henry Boding, Reuben Mayuor, William May-
nor, Wiliiam Chambliss, and Thomas Meredith.
Mr. BIRD. Is there,a report accompanying
tins case?
Mr. WASHBURN, of XIassachusetts. There,
is a report accompanying the bill.
Mr. BIRD. I ask that it be read.
It appears from the report, which was re^..d,
that Shadrick Saunders and others, claimants
under the bill, were properly employed by Cap-
tain Cooper, the commissary of subsistence in
charge of the commissary depot at Petersburg,
Virginia, from the 7th day of April to the 27th
of that month, in the year 18G5, at twenty-five
dollars per month. On the 27th of April a
military order prescribed that refugees only
should be employed for that service, and that
they should be paid only with rations. Cap-
tain Cooper died without paying off these
employes, and the officer who succeeded him
declined to take up these parties on his foils
and discharge the indebtedness, as it was his
duty to do. They therefore remained without
being paid. The committee, after examining,
the claim, having evidence before them sub-
stantiating it, have allowed $10 80 to each
claimant for twenty days' labor, which is at
the rate of twenty-live dollars per month.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
george s. whig iii.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committer, als.o reported a joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 33f) for t}ie relipf of Qeprge
S- Wright, administrator of John I. Wri"g\t,
depeased; which was rep,d a first and second
time. * ' ,
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers pf the 'Treasury to ' pay
to Gfeorge S. Wright, administrator of John
T. Wright, deceased, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
amount of Treasury'settlement No. 53(3, dated
March 13,_ "18.69, in accordance with the cer-
tificates of the Tjiird Auditor and tlie Second
Comptroller.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I call
for the previous question.
Tlje previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to .be engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, 6f Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which fhe joint res-
olution was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOirN somjbrs surra.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, also reported back a bill
(S. No. 402) for the relief of JohnSonjersSmith,
on account of diplomatic services at the city
of San JJomingo, with the recommendation that
it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that oat
of any moneys in the Treasury .of the United
States not otherwise appropriated there shall
be paid to John Somers Smith, late commer-
cial agent of the United States at the city of
San Domingo, the sum of $2,250 on account of
diplomatic services rendered at San Domingo,
especially in the negotiation of the general con-
vention of amity, commerce, and navigation,
and for the surrender of fugitive criminals, be-
tween the United States of America and the
Dominican republic, signed at San Domingo
February 8, A. D. 1807, which sum is in full
for 9,11 charges or expenses beyond his salary
as commercial agent.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I call
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vole by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
patrick woods.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask that
by unanimous consent the Cemmittee pn the
J udiciary shall be allowed to report in print in
the case of Patrick Woods.
There was no objection.
j. boss browne.
Mr. ORTH, by unanimous consent, moved
that the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of a bill (S.
No. 692) for the relief of J. Ross Browne, late
minister to China, and that the same be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate
agreed to the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 781) to
amend an act entitled "An act fixing the com-
pensation for bailiifs and criers of the courts
of the District of Columbia," approved Feb-
ruary 22, 1867.
The message further announced that the Sen-
