1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
449
keep up continually a strife in the southern
States. Men of the white race will not live
peaceably while subordinated to the domina-
tion of the black race. If they were disposed
willingly to submit to the wrongs which have
been inflicted on them it would be an evidence
that they were unworthy, and incapable of en-
joying or establishing a government for them-
selves.
Mr. WILLARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILLARD. I understand the gentle-
man to say that the white people of Virginia
will never yield to the domination of the
blacks.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Not will-
ingly, in my judgment.
Mr. WILLARD. I would like to ask the
gentleman if he thinks that a constitution in
Virginia which allowed only black persons to
vote would be republican in form ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Would be
republican in form ?
Mr. WILLARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I have my
doubts about its being republican in form.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask him, then, if a con-
stitution of Virginia which allowed only white
people to vote would be republican in form ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I doubt it.
Mr. WILLARD. I understood the gentle-
man to say a short time ago that Virginia had
always had a constitution republican in form.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. She always
had a constitution republican in form undoubt-
edly.
Mr. WILLARD. Did her former constitu-
tion allow black people to vote ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I will ex-
plain that, or try to explain it. I will inform
the gentleman from Vermont that the Wack
race on the continent of North America were
never under the founders of this Government
recognized as American citizens, or as a part
and parcel of the American people. They
never had any part in the formation of the
Government of this country, hut were recog-
nized as slaves.
Mr. BURDETT. I would ask my colleague
if it is not true that in Virginia—I believe, I
am sure in North Carolina, I believe in South
Carolina, and I am quite sure in Tennessee—
years ago negroes voted and were recognized
as citizens ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Yes, sir;
in those States as States.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. In the early exist-
ence of the Republic.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Most as-
suredly they did. Every State had a sovereign
right to recognizc whom it pleased as citizens.
But I am speaking of the black race as they
existed when the Government was formed.
They were not a part and parcel of the Amer-
ican people, and took no part in the formation
of the Government or in achieving the inde-
pendence of the American people.
Mr. BURDETT. I wish to ask my col-
league if he desires to go upon the record as
declaring that the black people of this country
did not take part in that great rebellion against
British power, and were not soldiers in the
defense of the Colonies ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I think
not, so far as I know.
Mr. BURDETT. I am willing it shall go
on the record so.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I am quite
willing to be placed on the record as ignorant
of any such historical fact. If ever a black
regiment was organized in the revolutionary
war I am not aware of it.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I would like to ask
the gentleman if he is not aware that the State
of Rhode Island raised a black regiment dur-
ing the war of the Revolution ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I am not.
41f!T OoNti. 2d Sess.—No. 29.
I am aware that a great many black regiments
were raised in the last few years.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I think if the gen-
tleman will read history he will find that Rhode
Island raised one.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. If so, I
have overlooked it. But I think if the gentle-
man will examine history he will find that he
himself is under a mistake.
Mr. Speaker, I have about brought my re-
marks upon this subject to a close. I am
myself earnestly desirous of seeing the restor-
ation of all the States to the Union. I never
understood that any State had got out of the
Union until after the war was at an end. I
understood that the doctrine of secession was
a heresy, and that armies were raised to put
that heresy down and to prevent it from achiev-
ing its object. But as soon as the rebellion was
put down, then, for the first time in the history
of this country, we learned that secession had
accomplished its object and that the southern
States were out of the Union; and we are now
dealing with the State of Virginia as a terri-
tory belonging to the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and not as a sovereign State in the
Union. Sir, there is no power in the Consti-
tution, in my candid opinion, that will justify
Congress in dealing with any sovereign State
in this manner.
Mr. FITCH obtained the floor.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. FITCH. I will.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I desire to give
notice of an amendment, upon which I shall
ask a vote of the House at the proper time.
It is to insert in the first section of this bill,
at the end of the forms of oath therein recited,
the following:
And any person who shall falsely take either of
the aforesaid oaths or affirmations shall be deemed
guilty of perjury, and shall suffer the pains and
penalties thereof, and may lie tried, convicted, and
punished therefor by the circuit court of the United
States for the district in which said crime was com-
mitted ; and the jurisdiction of said court shall he
sole and exclusive for the purpose aforesaid.
Mr. FITCH resumed the floor.
Mr. LAFLIN. If the gentleman from Ne-
vada [Mr. Fitch] will yield to me I will submit
a motion to adjourn.
Mr. FITCH. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at ten o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of Thomas
H. Mules, of Baltimore, Maryland.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of John T.
Price and others, citizen of Daviess county,
Missouri, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of F. E. Moulton and
others, citizens of Livingston county, Mis-
souri, asking the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. BECK: A petition of a number
of citizens of the seventh congressional district
of Kentucky, praying that the present tariff on
foreign hemp, jute, &c., may not be reduced,
for reasons stated.
By Mr. BURCHARD : The petition of H.
A. IBlaek and others, citizens of Franklin Grove,
Illinois, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. COBB, of North Carolina: A peti-
tion of citizens of North Carolina, asking the
erection of a light-house at Body's Island,
North Carolina.
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: A petition of
inhabitants of Clifton, Grant county, Wis-
consin, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. COOK: A petition of citizens of
Warrenville, Du Page county, Illinois, praying
for the passage of an act requiring compulsory
prepayment of all domestic postages.
By Mr. COWLES: A petition of citizens of
Cayuga county, New York, for pension to the
soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. DICKINSON: The petition of Addi-
son Kelley, David Morris, and 39 others, citi-
zens of Kelley's Island, Erie county, Ohio,
praying for the passage of a law abolishing
the franking privilege.
By Mr. DOX: The petition of Mary Ann
G-ooch, for relief.
Also, the petition of Michael Teutenkime,
for relief.
By Mr. DUVAL: A petition of the West
Virginia Medical Society in behalf of the med-
ical staff of the Navy.
By Mr. ELD RIDGE: A petition of 17 citi-
zens of Fillmore, Washington county, Wiscon-
sin, for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: A petition
of the Portage County Medical Association, of
Ohio, asking legislation to remedy the unnat-
ural and injuriously degrading position of the
medical staff of the United States Navy in
regard to rank and authority, with their attend-
ant privileges and immunities.
Also, a petition of the citizens of Geneva,
Ohio, and vicinity, to establish mail service from
Geneva, by Meehanicsville and East Trumbull,
to Morgan, Ohio.
Also, a petition of soldiers of the war of 1812,
for a reasonable pension.
By Mr. HILL: A memorial of the Lehigh
Crane Iron Company and 15 other iron com-
panies, showing up the false and unqualified
statements made in the late report of David A.
Wells, Special Commissioner of the Revenue.
By Mr. LOUGHRIDGE : A petition of 80
citizens of Marion county, Iowa, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. McNEELY: The petition of W. E.
Hunter and others, citizens of Cass county,
Illinois, asking compulsory prepayment of
domestic postages, except in certain cases.
Also, the petition ofG. W. Magee and others,
citizens of Cass county, Illinois, asking com-
pulsory prepayment of domestic postages, ex-
cept on such matter as may be entitled to free
delivery by special enactment.
By Mr. MAYNARD: A petition, printed in
blank, signed by citizens ot Wallace's Cross
Roads, praying for a reduction of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. MERCUR: A memorial of the Le-
high Crane Iron Company, and others, repre-
senting thirty-seven furnaces in the Lehigh,
Schuylkill, and Susquehanna regions in Penn-
sylvania, asking that special and searching
inquiry may be made for the data on which
Special Commissioner Wells fixes the average
cost per ton of manufactures of iron in the
anthracite districts of Pennsylvania.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: A petition
of G1 citizens of Clayton, New Jersey, praying
for tho passage of a law abolishing the franking
privilege.
By Mr. MOORE, of Illinois: A petition of
sundry citizens of Cerro Gordo, Piatt county,
Illinois, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of sundry citizens of Buck-
Icy, Iroquois county, Illinois, praying the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania : A
petition of 35 citizens of Barre Iron Works,
Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania, represent-
ing that the abuses and corruptions of the
franking privilege have assumed such enormous
proportions that its total abolition has become
necessary. .
Also, a petition of 42 citizens of Mapleton
Station, Huntingdon csunty, Pennsylvania, ox
similar purport.
