1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FOX obtained leave of absence for
to-morrow.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the House on and
after to-morrow meet at eleven o'clock until
otherwise ordered.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldkidge] yield for the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes ?]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir; I insist on my
motion.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., wer.e presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CONNER: The petition of W. A.
Harwood, for removal of disabilities.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Robert
Baldwin, of New Albany, Indiana, with accom-
panying papers, asking for relief on account
of certain service rendered by him in 1835 to
the Post Office Department.
By Mr. McKENZIE: Thepetition of James
Allen Anderson, a soldier of the United States
in the war against the rebellion, asking for a
pension.
By Mr. MORGAN: The memorial of John
Tife and 61 others, citizens of Ohio, asking
Congress to abolish the national banks, to pay
off in greenbacks the bonds deposited by them
as security, to issue $500,000,000 in Treasury
greenback notes, to payoff in all $340,000,000
of the bonded debt, to make greenbacks re-
ceivable for customs dues and all other taxes
collected by the Federal Government, and to
restore the prosperity of the country. ^
Also, from J. B. Irwin and others, citizens
of Ohio, to same effect.
Also, from Isaac Luzzade and others, citi-
zens of Ohio, to same effect.
Also, from T. J. Davis and others, citizens
of Ohio, to same effect.
Also, from R. S. Sigler and others, citizens
of Ohio, to same effect.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of F. P.
Dimpfel, of Philadelphia, for extension of his
patent for improvement in steam-boilers,
granted July 16, 1850.
By Mr. TANNER: The petition of John A.
Griswold, Uri Gilbert, Francis S. Thayer, and
others, citizens o"f Troy, New York, for a revis-
ion of the naturalization laws, and for the
establishment of regulations to prevent frauds
at elections, &c.
" NOTICE OP A BILL.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a bill was given under the rule:
By Mr. AYER: A bill for the removal of
certain legal and political disabilities.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 20, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. Dr. Isaac M. Wise, rabbi of
Cincinnati temple.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolutions were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 786) authorizing the sale
of certain arsenals and property of the United
States;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 289) author-
izing the Secretary of War to furnish cannon
to soldiers' monument at Morristown, Morris
county, New Jersey; and
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 229.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 290) author-
izing the improvement of the grounds owned
by the United States in the city of Buffalo,
New York, known as Fort Porter.
The bill (H. R. No. 1533) making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1871, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
CONSTITUTION OP RHODE ISLAND.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, in the
beginning of yesterday's proceedings some
petitions Avere presented by the Senator from
Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy.] Being detained a
few moments in my committee-room, I did not
come into the Chamber until the petitions had
been presented and the Senator was conclud-
ing the brief statement with which he accom-
panied them. I was not, therefore, fully
informed of their character. Those petitions
purport to come from the State which I have
the honor in part to represent, and they set
forth that the constitution of that State is not
only oppressive upon a considerable number
of its citizens, but that it contravenes the Con-
stitution of the United States.
I notice that the signatures to each of these ,,
petitions seem to be largely in one handwrit-
ing, which may be only a remarkable coinci- |
dence. |
I had not an opportunity to make any reply
yesterday to the allegation, nor do I propose
now to go into a discussion upon a matter over
which Congress has no control whatever; but
I cannot allow one expression which the Sen-
ator from Kansas employed to pass over with-
out affirming that there is nothing in the con-
stitution of Rhode Island that contravenes the
Constitution of the United States or the laws
made in pursuance thereof.
Rhode Island is a law-abiding State. She
has proved her fidelity to the principles of law
and order in a way that no other State has had
an opportunity to do, and under circumstances
which make-the triumph most honorable to her
and most valuable to the cause of liberty reg-
ulated by law.
If the Senator from Kansas shall, upon full
reflection, conclude, as I think he will not, to
introduce the bill which he suggested yester-
day, we shall have no difficulty in defending,
here or elsewhere, the constitution and the
laws which the people of Rhode Island have
seen fit to ordain tor themselves, which con-
i cern themselves only, and which they, and they
alone, have the right to alter.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FENTON. I present the petition of
several thousand citizens of the United States,
I should think a majority of them residing in
the State of New York, asking Congress to
recognize by appropriate legislation the belli-
gerent rights of the Cubans who are struggling
fortheir freedom. I movethatit be referred, as
I believe it would be most appropriate, to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I have also been requested
to present the petition of stockholders of sev-
eral companies which were formed to establish
a communication between the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans, praying Congress to authorize
an examination and survey to be made by the
United States officers, under the direction of
the War Department, of the Nicaragua routes
which I move be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petitions
of William A. Routh, of Bonham, Fannin
county, Texas, and of Tully Kemp, ofBrenham,
Washington county, Texas, praying the removal
of their political disabilities; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of A. H.
Dowell,sen., of Wake county, North Carolina,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of John II.
Clay, Jaines O. Bradsher, and William A.
Bradsher, of Pierson county, North Carolina,
praying the removal of their political disabil-
ities ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I present a petition,
signed by George \V. Banton, Anthony Street,
and Joseph Hibbitts, who were appointed to
different offices by General Canby, and Wil-
liam Smith, William Blankenship, Andrew
Baker, Alfred Smith, William 11. Dotson, and
James Davis, who were all soldiers of the Fed-
eral Army of the thirty-ninth Kentucky, Col-
onel Dice's, regiment, praying that the civil
and political disabilities imppsed upon Elijah
Vance, of Buchanan county, Virginia, by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States may be removed. They say
in their petition that he is a qualified man for
office, and that he did not take any active part
in the late rebellion. I move the reference of
this petition to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
The motion was agreed to.
He also presented the petitions of David P.
Hall, of Montgomery county, Virginia; of E.
McNulty, of Chesterfield county, Virginia; of
G. Shelor, of Montgomery county, Virginia;
of Robert Mayo, of Westmoreland county, Vir-
ginia; of William J. Crabtree, of Richmond,
Virginia; of H. W. Burgwin, of Charlotte
county, Virginia, and of William Nott, of
Richmond, Virginia, praying the removal of
their political disabilities; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of W. B. K.
Price, William B. Coakly, and Alexander
Bower, of King George county, Virginia, and
of James Ball, of Stafford county, Virginia,
praying the removal of their political disabil-
ities; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. WARNER presented the petition of
Elbridge Gerry, a citizen of the Territory of .
Colorado, praying compensation for certain
losses sustained by him in the year 1864, in
consequence of important services rendered
by him to the Government of the United States
and the citizens of the Territory of Colorado ;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Fred-
erick P. Dimppel, praying an extension of his
patent for an improvement in steam boilers';
which was referred to the Committee on
Patents.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petitions
of J. W. H. Underwood, of Floyd county,
Georgia; of John W. Martin, of Morgan
county, Georgia; and of John Fox, of Lex-
ington county, South Carolina, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. WILLEY. I present the petition of
John Anderson, of Rutherford county, North
Carolina. 1 know that the name of this gen-
tleman falls gratefully on the ears of many a
gallant soldier of the Union, whom he con-
cealed and^ed, at the peril of his own life, as
they escaped from southern prisons. I have a
long liBt of the names of such in my*hands
accompanying this petition. Mr. Anderson,
! of his own mere motion, desires that certain
! of his neighbors may be relieved from their
: political disabilities. Some of those neighbors,
when he was driven from his home and was an
exile, although engaged in the rebellion them-
selves, took him beneath their roofs and kindly
fed and concealed him. He desires now, as a
return for their kindness, that their disabilities
be removed. I take great pleasure in pre-
senting the petition, and I move that it be re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
The motion was agreed to.
