2706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
arguing their eases, I should not make any
motion on the subject. I leave the matter to
the Senate. If they think it proper to allow
Mr. Hart to be heard I have nothing to say
about it, but if no motion is made in reference
to it I ask that the memorial lie on the table.
Mr. CRAGIN. Does the Senator make that
motion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator wishes
to say anything I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will say that I have 110
particular opinion in relation to this matter.
L know nothing of the case even ; I have not
read the report which the committee have made;
but at the suggestion of the party interested I
desire to say that he requests an expression of
the opinion of the Senate and to know whether
they will give him the right to be heard in his
own case. The memorialist is right as to the
precedent to which he refers. I recollect dis-
tinctly that ease. I was a member of the body
at the time. My experience was that it was
uniform in the House of Representatives to
allow to the contesting party always the right
to be heard ; but the Senator near me, [Mr.
Conkxing], who has been more recently a mem-
ber of the other House, says it is not the uni-
form practice there; certainly, however, it is
sometimes done. I only say that the party
interested desires the Senate to say whether
they will or will not give him the right to be
heard. I hope, therefore, the Senate will vote
upon it, and not lay the memorial on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I can
hardly suppose that Mr. Hart has discovered
or thinks he has discovered any inability or
unwillingness on the part of those who are
already members of the Senate fully to discuss
all the questions that arise here. I rather think
that when the Florida precedent was established
the Senate may not have furnished the same
full evidence of its capacity thoroughly to con-
sider and discuss whatever should be presented
to it. Believing as I do that the merits of this
case in all respects cannot fail to be very search-
ingly tried, so far as discussion will try them,
without introducing new talent and additional
debating ability here, I think we ought not to
doit; and therefore while I do not move to lay
the matter 011 the table, for fear some Senator
may wish to make a remark, I hope that motion
will be made and will prevail.
Mr. STEWART. There is a manifest differ-
ence between a contest in the other House and
one in the Senate. In the House the parties
go back to an election by the people, and the
cases there involve many facts. Here the facts
are indisputed, and the question that is pre-
sented is a matter of law. That is generally
the case in the Senate. The facts are contained
in the action of the Legislature, which is en-
tirely documentary, and a simple question of
law is presented ; whereas in the other House
there are volumes of evidence, and the par-
ties themselves are more familiar with it than
others can be.
Mr. NYE. Has a motion to lay on the table
been made ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois indicated that motion, but withdrew it.
Mr. NYE. I renew the motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then let that be regarded
as an expression of the Senate on the question.
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be a test question.
Mr. NYE. I make the motion with that
view.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada moves that the memorial lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWS AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FLANAGAN, it was
Ordered, That the papers relating to the claim of
B. E. Edwards to certain lands in New Mexico be
taken from the files of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet 011 Mon-
day next.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is that motion debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I propose before the
motion is put., and in connection with it, to
have it understood, if agreeable to the Senate,
that we sit out the Georgia bill to-night. We
might as well understand that now, and then
agree to adjourn over until Monday. Let us
determine to settle the Georgia bill to-night,
and when we settle the Georgia bill adjourn
over till Monday.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest that wo take the
questions in their order; agree now to adjourn
over to Monday, and then go on and finish the
Georgia bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I make that suggestion
in connection with the motion to adjourn over
to Monday. If wo do not get through the
Georgia bill to-night I think we ought to sit
to-morrow, and ought not to expend another
day after this week in considering the Georgia
bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator
from Oregon that in the event of our failing
to get through with the Georgia bill to-day he
can move to reconsider this motion. I hope
the Senate will proceed to vote 011 my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that when the Senate resumes the con-
sideration of the Georgia bill a motion to
reconsider this vote would not be in order,
except by laying the Georgia bill on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY. That could be done, of
course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Oregon desire to have his question
propounded to the Senate now?
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon asks unanimous consent, pending
this motion of the Senator from Minnesota,
that the Senate agree to decide the Georgia
bill to-night. Is there objection?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
The VICE_ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects. The question recurs
on. the motion of the Senator from Minnesota,
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on
a division—ayes 31, noes 18.
REPORTS 01? COMMITTEES.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee 011 Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
William A. Parker, a captain in the United
States Navy, on the retired list, asking that he
may be restored to the active list: and to whom
was also referred the petition of William Gib-
son, commander in the United States Navy,
making the same prayer, have had the same
under consideration, and instructed me to
make a report in writing asking that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of these petitions. The committee
have adopted a resolution for their guidance
which I will read, in order that it may be made
public:
"Resolved, Thai in the judgmentof this committee
Congress ought not to entertain applications of
officers for restoration from the rotired to the active
list of the Navy, or for changes of rank or grade,
unless such restoration or change be recommended
by the executive department."
This resolution does not call for any action
of the Senate. I move that the report be
printed.
The motion was agreed to; and the com-
mittee was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petitions.
Mr. AMES, from the select Committee on
the Rem oval of Political Disabilities, reported
a bill (S. No. 794) to relieve certain persons
therein named from legal and political disa-
bilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States, and
for other purposes; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. POMEROY. By mistake the bill (S.
No. 771) to transfer the Cherokee and Creek
countries, in the Indian territory, from the west-
ern district of Arkansas, and attaching the
same to the district of Kansas for judicial pur-
poses, was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lauds. They ask to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. It ought
to have gone there in the first place, and was
sent to our committee through mistake.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 390) to change the place of holding
the courts of the United States for the north-
ern district of Mississippi, reported it with an
amendment. •
CHANGE OP LOCATION OF A BANK.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred Sen-
ate bill No. 746, have instructed me to report
it back with an amendment; and the same
committee, to whom was referred a petition on
the subject-matter of the bill, have instructed
me to report it back and to ask that it lie 011
the table.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire what is
the title of the bill ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A bill author-
izing the First National Bank of Delhi, Now
York, to change its location.
Mr. CONKLING. I crave the indulgence
of the Senate one moment if I may. That
bill is wholly useless unless it can pass both
Houses by the 1st of May. The Department
recommend it. The whole purpose is to allow
parties to change a bank a few miles from
where it is not wanted to where it is. I beg
that the Senate will allow me to put it on its
passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 746) authorizing the First
National Bank of Delhi, New York, to change
its location. It provides in the first section that
the First National Bank of Delhi, now located in
Delhi, Delaware county,New York,may change
its location to the village of Port Jervis, Orange
county, New York, whenever the stockholders
representing three fourths of the capital of the
bank, at a meeting called for that purpose, de-
termine to make such change. The president
and cashier are to execute a certificate under
the corporate seal of the bank specifying such
determination, and to cause the same to be
recorded in the office of the Comptroller of
the Currency, and thereupon such change of
location shall be effected and the operations
of discount and deposit of the bank shall be
carried on in the village of Port Jervis. The
second section declares that nothing in the bill
contained shall be so construed as in any man-
ner to release the bank from any liability or
affect any action or proceeding in law in which
the bank may be a party or interested. And
when such change shall have been determined
upon, notice thereof and of the change shall be
published in at least two weekly newspapers
in each of the counties of Delaware and Orange,
in the State .of New York, for not less than
four successffe weeks.
The bill was reported by the Committee on
Finance, with an amendment to insert after
the words " carried on," in line fourteen of
section one, the words " under the name of the
First Natioual Bank of Port Jervis."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
! amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
RAILROAD IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. TIPTON. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
