3650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Mr. ROSS presented the petition of John
It. Graton, a resident of Lawcence, Douglas
county, Kansas, praying for pay as second
lieutenant of the lirst Kansas colored volun-
teers from September 13, 1862, to January 13,
18C3 ; which was referred to the Committee on,
Claims.
He also presented the petition of Elkanah
Iluddleston, of Douglas county, Kansas, pray-
ing the enactment of such a law as will secure
to him pay from August 10, 1862, to January '
13,1863, as second lieutenant of the first Kan- I
sas colored volunteer infantry; which Vas
referred to the Committee on Claims.
lie also presented the petition of E. A. Cole-
man,-of Douglas county, Kansas, father of
Charles J. Coleman, deceased, late first lieu-
tenant company JI first Kansas colored infan-
try volunteers, praying pay for services of his
son as second lieutenant in that regiment from
August 13, 1862, to May, 1863 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports of committees. i
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committeo on the Dis- j
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the j
bill (S. No. 816) to incorporate the United '
States Trust, Loan, Guaranty, and Indemnity 1
Company of Washington, District of Colum- i
hia, and to whom was also referred the bill
(S. No. 900) to incorporate the Loan and Trust
Company of the United States, have directed
me to report them back and to ask that that
committee be discharged from their further
consideration, and that they be referred to the
Committee on Fiuance. These bills are sub- 1
stantially for a bank of deposit to be located
in the several States; and the District Com-
mittee think that is a question appropriately j
belonging to the Committee on Finance. 1
The report was agreed to. ]
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 927) to make legal a certain
act of the councils of the city of Washington,
reported it without amendment.
Jle also, from the same committee, to whom
wits referred the bill (S. No. 891) to regulate
t he fees of the register of wills for the District
ol' Columbia, and for other purposes, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
extra copies of the report of the Commissioner
of the General Laud Office in English, Ger-
man, Swedish, and French, have instructed me
to report back the resolution with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, which, how-
ever, merely alters the form of the resolution,
but leaves it the same in substance, without
recommendation, so as to refer the matter to
the Senate. The Committee on Printing were
not able to come to an agreement upon the
matter, and as it was a subject that was sure to
be discussed in the Senate we thought it best
to report back the resolution and put it in the
hands of the Senate at once.
Mr. POMEllOY. Let it go on the Calendar.
Mr. ANTHONY.. I would remark that when-
ever the Senators who are particularly inter-
ested in the subject desire to call it up 1 should
like to have a day's notice to bring the maps
here, so that Senators may see what it is that
is proposed to be printed, as the discussion will
be more intelligent if the maps are here.
The VICE /RESIDENT. The resolution
reported by the Committee on Printing with-
out recommendation will be placed on the
Calendar of resolutions.
Mr. OSBORN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 898) to aid in the maintenance of the
Arkansas Institute for the Blind, moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 822) for the creation of an additional
land district in the State of California, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. On behalf of 'he Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations I move that the
memorial of'John Warren, an American citi- i
zen, praying redress for his arrest and impris-
onment by the Government of Great Britain, :
be printed for the use of the Senate. ;
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 204) to authorize the establish-
ment of ocean mail steamship service between
the United States and Mexico, reported it with :
amendments.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 187) extending the time
to construct a railroad from the St. Croix river
or lake to the west end of Lake Superior and
to Bayfield, reported it with amendments. ;
Mr. POMEllOY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 893) to establish an additional land district
in the State of Kansas, have had the same under j
consideration, and directed me to report it |
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage. There is great necessity for the cre-
ation of this land district, and I should like to
have the bill passed now if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. FERRY. Let it go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. FENTON. I v/as about to ask my
friend from Kansas to give way to allow me to
call wp a little bill in regard to the bridge over
the Niagara river.
Mr. POMEROY. I should be glad to have
that bill considered. I know the importance
of that bridge, and I know the question ought
to be disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no (
further reports of committees, the introduc-
tion of bills and joint resolutions is in order.
bills introduced. .
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 933) to fix the price of gas furnished by
the Washington Gas-Light Company, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 934) for the relief of John B. Cornell;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 935) to secure the construction of a system
of efficient levees for the protection of the
alluvial lands of the Mississippi valley; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committeo on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
cattle diseases.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire, before wo enter
on other business not connected with the morn-
ing hour, to offer a resolution with regard to
the printing of a work prepared by the Agri-
cultural Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Resolutions are
now in order.
Mr. CAMERON. The Agricultural Depart-
ment, with great care and at a good deal of
expense, have prepared a work on cattle dis-
eases, as well their causes as the mode of cure.
I desire that the Senate shall order a number
of copies of that work to be printed j and
therefore I offer this resolution, which I move
to refer to the Committee on Printing:
Jleeoload by the Sin ate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurrini.) ThattUcro bo printed thqu-
sand extra copies of tho reports on the diseases of
cattle in tho United States, presenting the results of
investigations ordered by Congress and. conducted
under tlic direction of the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture, with illustrations represent ins various stages
ol disease, ineludin:; six photo-micrograph* and not
exceeding eight.colored plates: of which thou-
sand copies shall bo for tho use of members nt Ibo
Senate, thousand copies for the us*' ot the lucm-
bersof thcllouscof ltoprcsentsitives, and thou-
sand for tho Commissioner of Agriculture.
Jhe resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
SPKCIATj orders.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the bill (S.
No. 647) to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from Marshall, Texas,
to San Diego, California, with branches ami
connections, be made a special order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that special onl«r
is made, if by general consent the bill to re-
duce taxation can be made a special order, r
shall have no further interest in the matter and
shall not object. I am opposed to making any
special order of any railroad bill until after the
bill to reduce taxation, a very short bill, is dis-
posed of; and if the Senator will allow me [
will move to make the bill to reduce taxation,
the number of which the Clerk has, a special
order, and let the Senator's bill come in after
that.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to that proposition ?
Mr. DRAKE. I take ocsasion to say that
j there is pending before the Senate another
railroad bill,which has been reported favorably
! by the Committee on the Pacific Railroad—a
bill of a character which I think would com-
| mend itself to the favorable consideration of
the Senate; one in which I talie especial in-
terest on account of its connection with my
State. I would feel very much obliged to the
Senate if they would let it come in on the Cal-
1 endar of special orders after these other two
I bills.
j Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to that.
I hope it will be done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I dislike to see ll.i*
farming out of the whole time of tho Senate
with special orders one after another. What
is to become of the appropriation bills ? WImi
is to become of the bills 
Mr. SUMNER. What is to become ot the
general Calendar?
Mr. TRUMBULL. And of the general Cal-
endar ; and what is to become of a great many
bills which I will not take time to specify ?
There are from the Judiciary Committee re-
ported here some half dozen bills of a general
character. I have no interest in them further
than a public interest; but they ought to be
considered. When we go along with the Cal-
endar to consider business to which there is
no objection somebody objects to those bills;
and that is the case with almost every bill that
is reported by the Committee on the Judiciary.
They are all more or less controverted ques-
tions, and they are not passed unanimously.
We must have some time to consider "hose
measures. I have no other interest in them
in the world than a public interest., but I do
not think it right to farm out the whole time
of the Senate in this way with special orders
for railroads. I think it ought to be borne in
mind that this Senate has passed a great many
railroad bills this session. I hope none of
these special orders will be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objecting, the resolution cannot
be considered on the day of its introduction.
It will be placed on the Calendar of resolu-
tions. The Chair understands the Senator
from Michigan to consent that the bill of the
Senator from Ohio shall be first put on the
Calendar.
Mr. DRAKE. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Michigan is willing that the bill I
referred to should go into his proposition, com-
ing after the other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion as
to all will lie over oue day for consideration.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to name the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator cau
