1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5539
largest pension to Mrs. Lincoln, and he not in
favor of granting any.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Cole, Conkling, Davis,
Gilbert. Hamilton of Maryland, Morrill of Vermont,
Ro«s, Spencer, Willey, and Yates—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Bucking-
bam. Carpenter, Casserly, Corbett,, Drake. Kenton,
Fowler, Harlan, Harris, Howe, Kellogg, MeCreery,
McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey,
Ltiee, Robertson, Scburz, Scott, Sherman, Stewart,
Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, Warner, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—31.
ABSENT—Messis. Anthony, Brownlow, Cameron,
Cattell, Chandler, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry, Flana-
gan, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Howard, Howell,
Johnston, lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nor-
ton, Patterson, Pool, Revels, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Sprague, Stockton, Thayer, and Thurman—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, when the
Senate refers a question to the Committee on
Pensions, it is expected that a careful examin-
ation shall be given to that subject, and we
should not be justifiable on that committee
were we not to do all in our power to ascertain
the facts in the case and to make our report
according to the law and the necessities in-
volved. You do not allow us to be controlled
by our sympathies; you do not allow us to be
influenced by the consideration of whether the
applicant is a man or a woman; but you demand
that if there is law governing the case we shall
act in accordance with the law, and if the case
is not governed by law that we shall act in such
a manner as shall justify the Senate in passing
upon it and enacting a law to meet it fairly.
Now, I say to the Senate that there is no neces-
sity for this bill, and if we had not looked into
the case at all, if I had not been upon the
Committee on Pensions, that investigated it, I
should be justified in coming before the Senate
and confidently and boldly asserting in the face
of any committee that undertook to make a
report upon it that there was no necessity for
the bill. Why 1
We have in this country a mode of meeting
necessities where they exist in such a case as
thisoutside of the Senate of the United States ;
and if they are not met outside of the Senate
and among the people, the presumptiou is ab-
solute that there is no necessity for the act.
When Henry Clay, many years ago, with a
fame more brilliant as a political orator than
any other man at that time, became pecunia-
rily involved, the friends of that distinguished
statesman relieved him from his pecuniary em-
barrassments. When it was known that the
estate of Daniel Webster was involved the peo-
ple purchased Marshfield or relieved the estate
from embarrassment. When it was believed
that the family of Governor Andrew, of Mas-
sachusetts, ought to be relieved, no man came
to the Senate of the United States, but the
people of Massachusetts acted upon the case,
and acted promptly. In the case of Secretary
Rawlins 
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend if he will
yield fora motion to go into executive session ?
Mr. TIPTON. With pleasure.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. Let us have
a vote on Mrs. Lincoln's case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER. Iask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman, Carpen-
ter, (Jasserly, Chandler. Cole, Conkling, Davis, Drake,
Oilbert, Hamilton of Maryland. Hamilton of Texas,
llowe, Howell, Johnston, MeCreery, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Pomeroy, Pratt, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer,
Sherman, Speneer, Stewart, Tipton, Viekers, Wil-
lev, and Williams—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Corbett, Fenton, Harlan,
Harris, Kellogg, McDonald, Nye, Ramsey, Rice,
Sehurz, Scott, Sumner, Trumbull, and Yates—15.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Cattell, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry,
Flanagan, Fowler, Ilamiin, Howard, Lewis, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Norton, Osborn, Patterson, Pool,
Revels. Saulsbury, Sprague, Stockton, Thayer,Tliur-
man, Warner, and Wilson—27,
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. At eight o'clock p. m. the doors
were reopened.
additional deficiency bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to take
up House bill No. 2359.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill granting a pension
to Mrs. Lincoln is the unfinished business. I
do not wish it to lose its place.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ator will allow this bill to come up. It will not
take long.
Mr. SUMNER. I am willing that the pen-
sion bill shall be laid aside informally, so as
not to lose its place. That is all I ask.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to get
the appropriation bill before the Senate in
some way.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senator to do that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not object
to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in tlie chair.) Then the motion of the
Senator from Maine will be that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration 
_ Mr. SUMNER. But I ask that the pending
bill be laid aside informally, in order that the
Senate may proceed with the other bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
laid aside informally unless objection be made;
and the bill mentioned by the Senator from
Maine is before the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. It is impossible to hear one
word of what is going on in the Chamber.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question. The bill granting a
pension to Mrs. Lincoln is laid aside inform-
ally, and the bill moved by the Senator from
Maine is before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
23G9) making additional appropriations and
to supply the deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the Government for the fiscal
years ending June 30, 1870, and June 30,1871,
and for other purposes.
_ The PRESIDING OFTICER. Unless ob-
jection bemade, the amendments reported by
the Committee on Appropriations will be acted
upon as thev are reached in the reading of the
bill.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was on page 2, after
line thirty, to insert the following words:
War Department:
For clerks in the office of the chief of ordnance,
$2,000, to supply an omission in the total amount for
that office for the fiscal year ending J une 30,1871.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 3, after
line forty, to insert the following clause :
. For annual repairs of the Treasury building,
$15,U00.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have
some explanation of that amendment. I
thought the Treasury building was completed,
and it looks to me like a very solid building,
that would not need an annual appropriation
of SIC,000 for its repair. I should like to
know who says it does need that, and whether
there is any estimate of the kiud.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The building
is a very large one, an immense one, as the
Senator suggests, and I think if my honorable
friend has kept house he knows that there is
always something to be spent in the way of
casual repairs. Fifteen thousand dollars in
the way of ordinary repairs in a building of
that kind is not very great; and the Senator
will find that there is a provision in this bill
by which they are absolutely forbidden from
paying for any alterations or work done on the
building, except ordinary repairs, unless in
accordance with special appropriations by Con-
gress. I think my honorable friend also de-
sired to know whether anybody recommended
it. The Secretary of the Treasury, in a com-
munication to the committee, lias stated the fact
that the ordinary appropriation for repairs of
this building has been omitted out of the legis-
lative appropriation bill.
Mr. 1HURMAN. It seems to me very
strange that so large a sum as $15,000 should
be needed for the annual repairs of a building
erected so lately as the Treasury building, and
as excellent a building as that is. As at pres-
ent advised, I must vote against the amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 3, line
fifty-three, after the word "building" to insert
the words "except ordinary repairs;" so that
the proviso will read :
Provided, That hereafter no alteration shall bo
made, or work done upon the Treasury building
except ordinary repairs, except upon authorization
of, and in accordance with, specific appropriations
tliereior.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 3, after
line fifty-eight, to insert the following clause:
For balance due on completion of the custom-
house at Ogdensburg, New York, S701 88.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighty-five
of the appropriations for the House of Repre-
sentatives, to insert " stationery," and in line
eighty-six, after the word "House," to insert
'• and the sum of $405 per annum to the
librarian in charge of the Hall library;" so as
to read:
And that there bo appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, tho sum
of S700eaeh per annum to the chief, Journal, assist-
ant, disbursing, file, printing, petition, stationery,
and engrobsing clerks of the House; and the sum of
?405 per annum to tho librarian in charge of the Hall
library.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and twenty-one, on*page G, to insert:
For the Senate, for tho fiscal year ending June 30.
1870, for miscellaneous items, $2,000.
For clerks to committees, pages, horses and carry-
alls. $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one
hundred and sixty-four, to iusert:
To reimburse the United States marshal of tho
district of South Carolina for sums paid by him in
excess of the sums provided by existing statutes,
for summoning jurors in obedience to a jury order
issued by the Chief Justice of the United States, June
5,1869, $1,000, or such part thereof as may be neces-
sary.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend this amend-
ment by inserting at the beginning of line one
hundred and sixty-nine the words "Supreme
Court of the," so as to read " Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court of the United States."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line two hun-
dred and three, to insert " to enable the Secre-
tary of the Interior to pay the superintendent
of the building occupied by said Secretary and
liis Department from the 1st day of January,
1855, to the 30t'h of June, 1858, the allowance
to be made to such superintendent, with his sal-
ary as clerk, not to exceed $2,000 per annum,
the sum of $700."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line two hun-
dred and twenty-six, to insert "for the support
of primary schools in that part of the District
of Columbia lying outside of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, to be expended by the
commissioners of primary schools, under the
direction of the Secretary ot the Interior and
the president of the levy court, "$10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an
additional section, the following:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department arc hereby
authorized to credit C. N. Felton, treasurer of the
branch mint at San Francisco, with £1,6+7 96, paid to
Edward Whcaton tor clerical services performed in
his office.
The amendment was agreed to.
