1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2707
774) to authorize the Burlington and Missouri
River Railroad Company, or its assigns, to
change the established line of said road in the
State of Nebraska, have instructed me to re-
port it back without amendment; and inas-
much as the work is suspended for want of the
change, I ask that it be put on its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that the Burlington
and Missouri River Railroad Company, or its
assigns, in the State of Nebraska, may so far
change the location of that portion of its line
that lies west of the city of Lincoln, in that
State, as shown by the map thereof now on file
in the General Land Office of the United States,
so as to secure a better and more practicable
route, and to connect with the Union Pacific
railroad at or near the Fort Kearny reser-
vation, the new line to be located within the
limits of the land grant made by the United
States to aid in its construction. But the line
is not to be located further south than the
southern boundary line of township No. 7, in
the State of Nebraska; and the change is not
to impair the rights to nor change the location
of the land grant; and the company, or its
assigns, are to receive no different as other or
greater quantity of land than if the act had
not passed, and no change had been made in
the located line of the railroad.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. STEWART. I now ask that this bill in
regard to sham bids in the Post Office Depart-
ment may be taken up and passed.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us go on with the
morning business.
Mr. STEWART. It will take but a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the morning business
be proceeded with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is insisted upon.
Mr. STEWART. This bill is simply to
allow the Postmaster General to cut off sham
bids in his Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is called for, and if there be no further
reports the introduction of bills is in order.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 792) for continuing the Hastings and
Dakota railway across the Territory of Dakota,
and for continuing the land grants in aid of
the same; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 793) to simplify and reduce the rates of
postage, to abolish the franking privilege, to
limit the cost of carrying the mails, and to
regulate the payment of postage ; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that that bill be
printed and take its place on the Calendar, and
1 give notice that at the proper time I shall
move it as a substitute for the pending bill to
abolish the franking privilege. In that bill I
propose a uniform rate of postage oil letters of
half an ounce at one cent, and making that
reduction it will then be convenient to abolish
the franking privilege. I also provide a sub-
stitute for the franking privilege. This is all I
have to say at present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
printed and placed on the Calendar.
Mr. NYE. Is it proper for me now to move
to take up a bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The introduction
of bills and joint resolutions is still in order.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
795) to authorize the authorities of the city of
Washington to subscribe $500,000 to the cap-
ital stock of the Baltimore and Potomac Rail-
road Company, and to issue bonds for the pay-
ment of the same; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill without previous notice, and
in connection therewith to present a petition
in the same behalf, accompanied by various
papers, and ask to have them referred to the
Committee on Claims.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 796) for the relief
of the trustees of the German Evangelical
church at Martinsburg, West Virginia; which
was read twice by its title, and, with the accom-
panying papers, referred to the Committee on
Claims ; and the bill was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce, without previous notice, a bill for
the relief of Andrew McClory, of California,
to enable him to acquire title in the Land Of-
fice of the United States to sections of land
which he supposed he had lawfully bought
under the laws of California as school lands,
but which turned out not to be so.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 797) for the relief
of Andrew McClory; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART. I now ask the Senate
again to take up this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are in order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to offer a resolu-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Several Senators
have risen with morning business, which is in
the nature of an objection to the motion of the
Senator from Nevada.
army register.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of tholastoffi-
eial Army Register bo printed l'or the use of the
Senate.
public lands in louisiana.
Mr. KELLO GG submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interiior be
directed to communicate to the Senate a statement
of the lands belonging to the United States lying in
the State of Louisiana remaining undisposed of, and
in what parishes the same are situate; also what
portion of the game have never been surveyed, and the
reason thereof, and where situate, andtheirprobablo
value; also the amount of public lands in said State
disposed of during the years 1865,1866,1867,1868, and
1869; also the number and location of the respective
land offices in said State, and the annual expense of
maintaining the same.
ninth census.
Mr. WARNER. I offer a resolution, to which
I wish to call the attention of the Senate. I
ask for its present consideration.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved hj the Senate, (the IIouso of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the assistant marshals ap-
pointed or who may be appointed to aid in taking: the
ninth census shall not bo required to take any other
oath than that prescribed in the act approved May
23,1850, entitled "An act to provide for the taking
oftheseventh andsubsequentcensusesof the United
States, and to fix the number of the members of the
House of Representatives, and to provide for their
future apportionment among the several States,
together with an oath to support the constitution of
the State wherein they may reside and the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What action does
the Senator from Alabama desire on this resolu-
tion?
Mr. WARNER. I ask for its present con-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is written
as a concurrent resolution, but it is a joint
resolution, and the Secretary will alter the
language so as to make it a joint resolution.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 175)
in relation to the oath to be taken by assistant
marshals for taking the ninth census.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion will be regarded as read a first and second
time, and the Senator from Alabama asks
action upon it at the present time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have it
reported.
Mr. WARNER. I ask the attention of the
Senate to it.
Mr. STEWART." I object to its present
consideration.
Mr. CONKXiTNG. What is the resolution?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in regard
to the oath to be taken by the assistant marshals
appointed to aid in taking the ninth census.
Mr. CONKLING. If I majr be allowed, I
beg to make a remark. There is now pending
before the Senate a House bill reported back
by the committee having charge of this subject,
with an amendment. It is suggested by the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] and
by others, that as time is deemed important
about this subject it might be well, if the Sen-
ate would allow it to be done, to take up the
bill and allow the substitute reported to be
agreed to, and if the House does not concur
in it that will lead to a committee of confer-
ence, in which all these details, for they are all
matters of detail may be arranged. If the
Senator will consent to that I will ask that the
bill be taken up and the substitute agreed to;
and if the House should not concur in it, then
it will lead to a committee of conference, where
all these things can be considered.
Mr. WARNER. I do not understand that
the bill to which the Senator from New York
refers embraces this provision.
Mr. CONKLING. But the Senator will re-
member that although in literal, parliamentary
exactness it might not be proper for a commit-
tee of conference to introduce a new element,
the custom of both Houses has come to be set-
tled that a committee ot conference may.
Therefore, although the matter to which he
alludes, being one of detail, isnot embraced in
the bill there would be no difficulty in carry-
ing it into the report of the committee of con
ference if it should be deemed well to do so.
Mr. WARNER. I will say to the Senator
that these assistant marshals of course are the
appointees of the marshals, and the marshals
are the appointees of the President. Their
status is well understood, and the status of „
these assistant marshals, by the Senate. Now,
there are very many good men whom the mar-
shals desire to appoint who cannot take the
test-oath, who have not been relieved from
their disabilities. If it were practicable in
time to get their names here they could all be
relieved, and would be relieved without objec-
tion. But that is not practicable. Hence it
is desirable, in order to get good and competent
men, the best men, to take the census, their
character to be determined upon the known
character of the men who are to appoint them,
that they be relieved from taking any other
oath than that requiring a proper performance
of their duties and to support the Constitution
of the United States and of the State in which
they may reside. It is exceedingly important
in my opinion.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to make a
suggestion to the Senator if he will allow me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
suspend. The Chair will state that there were
two objections to the present consideration of
this joint resolution, and it cannot therefore be
acted upon to-day.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Chair and the
Senate will allow me, I beg to say this: when
the matter of the census first came up one of
the difficulties was the one to which the Sen-
ator from Alabama refers. It arose, however,
in the inverse order of his consideration, or
rather with its importance reversed. The
allegation was that if the oath was sufficiently
relaxed to allow the class of men to whom the
Senator alludes to qualify there were matters
