1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1763
I call for the regu-
'i'he bill was read. It provides that from
nml utter the passage of the act the further
sale of public lands in the Territory of Dakota
shall cease, except as provided for in the pre-
emption and homestead laws and the laws
tor disposing of town sites and mineral lands.
The net is not to be so construed as to prevent
the location of military bounty land warrants,
•nrrieultural college scrip, or other land scrip as
iMthorized under existing laws.
Mr. llOLMAX. 1 shall not object to the
reporting of this bill if my colleague [Mr.
Juian] will allow me to move to strike out
•lie weuls " in the Territory of Dakota."
Mr.J I'LI AX. This is a measure which has
iie,'ii especially demanded for the Territory of
Dakota, ai.i I hope it will be allowed to pass
as n separate bill. A general bill has been
reported by the committee and is pending.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no doubt the prin-
ciple embraced in the bill ought to be extended
umversaily. i hope my colleague will allow
me to move to strike out the words limiting
the operation of the bill to the Territory of
Dakota.
Mr. PARNSWORTH
lar order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Fakxswortii] calls for the regular
order, which is equivalent to an objection to
the consideration of this bill at the present
time.
Mr. JULIAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw his objection.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I do not object if
the morning hour can begin.
Mr. JULIAN. It will take but a single
moment to pass the bill.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. Then I do not object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
words " in the Territory of Dakota."'
Mr. JULIAN. I 5 ield for that amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. 1 wish to move
an amendment. I want to move that the pro-
visions of this bill shall not apply to the pine
timber or the mineral lands.
Mr. JULIAN. Mineral lands are already
excepted.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I move to
except the pine timber lands. The passage ot
the bill without that exception would prevent
any title being obtained to the pine timber
lands, as they are not of a character adapted to
settlement, and thus the settlers 011 the prairie
lands would be deprived of the opportunity of
obtaining timber from those lands.
Mr. SARGENT. The word "pineT' should
be left out of the amendment, if it is a proper
one. It ought to apply to timber lands gen-
erally. I move to strike out the word "pine."
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I do not object
to that, and I so modify my amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. I now call for the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question recurred on Mr. Holman's
amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 57,
noes 30; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Holman and Mr.
jci.ian.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 84, noes 37.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Wilson', of Minnesota, as modified.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
•°>G, noes 09.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CONGER. Is this bill to pass without
comment?
The SPEAKER. That is the effect of the
previous question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The bill ought to be
recommitted.
Mr. JULIAN. It has been before the com-
mittee.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
48, noes f>2.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. When the bill has been
passed will not the title be then open to amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
Mr. CONGER. I understood the title to
confine this to the Territory of Dakota.
The SPEAKER. The House struck out the
limitation to the Territory of Dakota.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Does this propose to
prohibit cash entries?
The SPEAKER. That is in the nature of
debate.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it in order to move
to recommit the bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas G7, nays 96, not voting
57 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Axtell, Beaman, Benja-
min, Blair. Boles. Boyd, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Churchill, Conger, Cox,
Crebs. Cullom. Dickinson, Dockery, Box, Duval,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fisher, Garfield, Ilaight,
Hambleton, Ilamill. Hamilton, Harris, Hays, Hcflin,
Hooper, Ingersoll. Jenckcs, Thomas L. Jones, Kel-
logg. Knapp, lvnott, Marshall. McCormick, McKee,
McNcely, Milnes, Mungen, Perce, Beeves, Rice,
Roots, Sargent, Sawyer. Schenck, LionelA. Sheldon,
Worthington C. Smith, Stone, Stough ton,Strickland,
Swann, Tillman, Trimble, Twichell, Van Horn, \ an
' Trump, William B. Washburn. Wells, Eugene M.
Wilson, and Wood—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Archer, Arncll,
Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Beatty, Biggs, Bird, GeorgeM.
Brooks, Burehard, Roderick R.Butler, Cake, Cessna,
Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Covode, Davis, Dickey, Ferriss, Finkelnburg,
Getz, Gilfillan. Griswold, Hale. Hawkins, Ilawley,
Hay, Heaton, Hu^e, Holman. Alexander II. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kerr, Ketcham, Laflin. Lash,
Lawrence, Loughridge, Mayham, Maynard, McCar-
thy, McCrary.McKcnzie.Mercur, Eliakim H.Moore,
Jesse H. Moore, AVilliam Moore, Daniel J. Morrell,
Samuel P. Morrill. Myers. Niblack, O'Neill, Orth,
1 Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Piatt, Poineroy,
Potter, Prosser, Randall, Reading. Rogers, Scofield,
i Shanks. Slocum, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
, William Smvth, Starkweather, Stiles, Stokes. Stra-
! der. Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Townsend, Tyner, Upson,
1 Van Aukcn. Cadwalader C. Washburn. Welker.
Wheeler, Willard, Williams. Winans, Witcher, and
Woodward—96. . _
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Bailey,
Bin'js, Barnum, Beck, Bennett, Benton, Bingham,
Booker, Bowen, James Brooks, Burdett, Calkin,
Clarke, Cowles. Dawes. Dixon. Donley, Dyer, Ela,
Ferry, Fitch, Fox, Gibson, Haldeman, Hill, Hoar,
Hotchkiss, Johnson. Kelsey, Logan, Lynch, McGrew,
Morgan, Morphis. Morrissey, N egley, Peters, 1 helps,
Poland, Porter, Ridgway, Sanford, Schumaker, Por-
ter Sheldon, Sherrod, Joseph S. Smith, Stevens, hte-
venson, Sweeney, Van Wyck, Voorhees, \\ nrd.  \\ ll-
kinson, John T. Wilson, and Winchester—57.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
i[ table.
1 The SPEAKER. The question is on the
bill being engrossed and read a third time. On
that the yeas and nays were ordered. Is it the
desire of the House that they be taken?
Mr. AVILSON, of Minnesota. I desire to
have the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the gentleman who
has charge of the bill to consent that there
shall be a few moments' discussion on it.
The SPEAKER. That can only be by
unanimous consent, as the previous question is
operating. ,
Mr. INGERSOLL. It appears to me that
the bill embodies too great a change in the
land system of the United States to be allowed
to pass without any discussion.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I hope we
shall have unanimous consent to have it dis-
cussed for a few minutes. Will the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] agree to that.
Mr. JULIAN. I do not. I would be glad
to if there was time and the House would
^MnWILSON, of Minnesota. I am satisfied
that if the House understood the bill they would
not agree to it.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 74, nays 91, not voting
00 ; as follows :
Y'EAS—Messrs. Allison. Ambler, Archer, Arnell,
Asper,_ Atwood, Ayer. Beatty, Bingham, Bird,
Roderick 11. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cullom, Davis, Fer-
riss, Get/i, <! illillan, Haldeman. Hale, Ilawley, Hay,
Heaton, Hill, Holman, Hotchkiss, Alexander 11.
Jones, Judd. Julian, Kelley, Lash, Lawrence,
Lough rids e, McCarthy, McCrary .Eliakim 11. Moore,
J esse H. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell,
Samuel P. Morrill, Negley, Niblack, Orlli, Packer,
Palmer, Poineroy, Randal 1, Rogers,Scofield, Shanks,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth,
Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes, Taffe, Townsend, Tyncr,
Upson, Van Auken, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Welker, heeler, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams,
Winans, Witcher, and Woodward—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Beaman, Beck,
Benjamin, Biggs, Blair, Boles, Bojd, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett, Burr,
Churchill,Cleveland, Conger, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson,
Dockery, Dox, Duval,_ Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fink-
elnburg, Garfield, Griswold. Haight, Hambleton,
llamill, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hetlin, Hoar,
] loge,Hooper,Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson,ThomasL.
Jones, Kellogg,Kerr, Knapp, Knott, Laflin, Logan,
Marshall, Mayham, McCormiek.McIvee, McKenzie,
McNcely, Mercur, Milnes, Myers, O'Neill, Pack-
ard, Perce. Phelps, Piatt, Potter, Prosser,Iieading,
Reeves, llice, lioots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer,
Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon. Sherrod, Slocum,
Worthington 0. Smith. Strader, Strickland, Strong,
Swann, Tillman, Trimble, Twichell, Van Horn, Van
Trump, Voorhees, William B. Washburn, Wells,
Eugene M. Wilson, and Wood—91.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Bai-
ley, Banks, Barnum, Bennett, Benton, Booker,
Bowen, James Brooks, Burehard, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Calkin, Cook, Covode, Cowles, Dawes, Dickey,
Dixon, Donley, Dyer, Ela, Ferry, Fisher, Fitch,
Fox, Gibson, Hays, Kelsey, Ketcham, Lynch, May-
nard, McGrew. Morgan, Morphis, Morrissey, Mun-
gen, Paine, Peters, Poland, Porter, Ridgway,
Schenck, Porter Sheldon. Joseph S. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevens. Stone, Stoughton, Sweeney, Tan-
ner, Van Wyck, Ward, John T, Wilson, and Win-
chester—55.
So the bill was rejected.
ALLEGED TAX ON HAND-OIiUANS.
Mr. SCHENCK. There has been referred
, to the Committee of Ways and Means, by sev-
eral members of the House, a communication
, which lias been the subject of some inquiry by
the committee, and I am instructed by the
! committee to make on their behalf an explana-
j tion to the House, which ma.y perhaps be the
means of detecting a fraud or forgery which
1 may possibly have had some injurious effect
on the community. I ask to have the paper
| read as part of the report of the committee.
The Clerk read as follows :
Headquarters Department N. Y.G. A. R.,
| Adjutant General's Office,
Brooklyn, December 0, 1869.
• DearSir: Atthesemi-annualsessionof thegrand
encampment, department ot'New YTork, Grand Army
of the Republic, held at Booth's theater, in the city
of New York, on July 21 and 22, 1869, the following
preamble and resolution were unanimously adopted:
"Whereas, the General Government require all
who make aliving by playing hand-organs and other
musical instruments to pay a license tax of ten dol-
lars, and this tax as to maimed soldiers, sailors, and
marines,who became so in defense oi their country s
flag and honor, is unjust and burdensome: I here-
t0^Jiesolved, That the department commander be
instructed to request the Senators and members of
Con"ress of this State to use all honorable measures
in their power to have the revenue laws so amended
as to exempt honorably discharged soldiers, sailors,
and marines from the said tax; also from the special
tax imposed upon such as are peddlers. '
In obedience to the request of my comrades 1 have
the honor to present the above for your earnest con-
sideration. Can any words of mine add to then-
power? I have seen a maimed soldier sitting uP°n
the street corner in this city; he had no arms, both
were lost that the nation might live and prosper,
that you might have the honor to make her laws.
With his feet he alternately wound out the lamiliar
tune that gained a scanty pittance for himselt and
family, while the Republic he helped to save giew
and "flourished like a green bay tree." Pinned upon
his breast, so that the world might see it, was a cer-
tificate in these words:
United States Internal Revenue.
Receipt for special tax.
Received of Richard Williams ten dollars for tlio
special tax upon the business or occupation ot grind-
ing a hand-organ, to be earned on in the city ot New
York, county of New \ork, and State of New lor,t,
for the year ending May 1, 1810.
Dated New York May 1,1869.
Signed by the collector.
