1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
truth may be made public and error, however strongly
indorsed, be effectually confuted.
LEHIGH CRANE IRON COMPANY,
Catasauqua, Lehigh county, Pennsylvania.
ALLENTOWN IRON COMPANY,
Allentown, Lehigh county, Pennsylvania.
SAUCON IRON COMPANY, , .
Jiellertown. Lehigh county, Pennsylvania.
ANDOVER IRON COMPANY,
Phillipsburg, New Jersey.
MONTGOMERY IRON COMPANY, .
Montgomery county, Pennsylvania.
J. B. MOORHEAD & CO.,
Montgomery county, Pennsylvania.
ROBERTS IRON COMPANY,
Allentown, Lehigh county, Pennsylvania.
REPPLIER, LANIGAN & CO., .
Montgomery county, Pennsylvania.
CHESTNUT HILL IRON ORE COMPANY.
Columbia, Lancaster county, Pennsylvania.
E. 1IALDEMAN &CO., CUclcie, Station. .
Lancaster county, Pennsylvania.
C. B. GRTJBB & SON,
Columbia, Lancaster county, Pennsylvania.
C. S. KAUEFMAN,
Columbia, Lancaster county, Pennsylvania.
ATKINS BROTHERS,
Pottsville, Montgomery county, Pennsylvania.
CARBON IRON COMPANY,
Parryville, Carbon county, Pennsylvania.
HENRY S. ECKERT, Reading, Pennsylvania.
G. DAWSON COLEMAN,
Lebanon, Pennsylvania.
The petition was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. DRAKE. I present a petition from
citizens of St. Annie, Missouri, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege, and I ask
to make a remark in connection with it, as it
is the first petition on that subject which has
been presented by me from my State.
The VICE _ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri desires to make a remark on
this petition. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. DRAKE. I simply wish to say that if
proper provision is made for paying the neces-
sary postages of Senators and Representatives
I am in favor of the abolition of the franking
privilege; and that abolition seems to me to
call for another reform, which will save proba-
bly ten times as much to the Government every
year as the abolition of the franking privilege
will save, and that is the cessation of the print-
ing, for general distribution, of enormously
expensive documents, which are sent abroad
through the mails of the country to the people,
who never read them. I wish in this way to
express my sense of the necessity whenever
we come to the abolition of the franking privi-
lege of also abolishing, to a large extent, the
expense of printing public documents.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. ABBOTT presented resolutions of the
Corn and Produce Exchange of Alexandria,
Virginia, in favor of the plan of the Mediterra-
nean and Oriental Steam Navigation Company
of New Y ork for establishing a line of American
steamships from Norfolk, Port Royal, and other
southern ports to the ports of the Mediterranean;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to present a peti-
tion from citizens of Pennsylvania, identical
with that which was presented by the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] a few moments
ago in regard to the statement of the Special
Commissioner of the Revenue, Mr. Wells, as
to the cost of pig-iron. I will state in con-
nection therewith that the cost of producing
pig-iron in the State of Oregon is thirty-one
dollars in gold. I think this question should
be thoroughly examined before any action is
taken upon it. I move the reference of the
petition to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I also desire to present
the petition of citizens of Portland, Oregon,
connected with the Labor Exchange Associa-
tion, asking for the sale of the Umatilla Indian
reservation in that State. That reservation
occupies a large extent of territory in my State,
upon which there are about eight hundred In-
dians. The petitioners pray that some provis-
ion be made for removing them to other reser-
vations, thereby opening a large and useful
tract of land to the citizens and settlers of that
State for settlement. I move the reference of
this petition to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYERpresentedthe petition of J. M.
Johnson, of South Carolina, praying for com-
pensation for losses sustained by him through
the action of United States troops during the
recent _ rebellion ; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
Fenton M. Henderson, of Leesburg, Loudoun,
county, Virginia, praying for the removal of
his political disabilities; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of citizens
of Indiana, in favor of the enactment of a law
for the compulsory prepayment of all domestic
postages except on such matter as may be enti-
tled to free delivery by special enactment;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of M. S. Mar-
shall and others, citizens of North Manchester,
Indiana, in favor of the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Matthew Callaghan, claiming that he has made
various suggestions in relation to postal matters
which have been adopted by the Post Office
Department and have been of great benefit to
the country, and praying that he may be allowed
compensation therefor; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the memorial of
the president and directors of the Swanscot
Machine Company, of South Newmarket, New
Hampshire, remonstrating against the granting
of the petition of George H. Corliss for the ex-
tension of his letters-patent of March 10, 1849,
for improvements in the steam-engine ; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
He also presented the petition of F. A,
Cushman and others, of Lebanon, Nev/Hamp-
shire, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. NYE presented a petition of Gentile
citizens of the Territory of Utah, praying to be
taken within the boundaries of the State of
Nevada; which was referred to the Committee
on Territories.
Mr. FERRY presented a petition of citizens
of West Goshen, Connecticut, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. FOWLER presented a joini, resolution
of the Legislature of Tennessee, in favor of the
passage of a law by Congress granting to all
soldiers who served in the war of 1812 six
hundred and forty acres of the public domain ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Tennessee, in favor of the pas-
sage of a law by Congress removing the dis-
abilities of all the citizens of Tennessee which
are imposed by the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States : which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
withdrawal of papeus.
On motion of Mr. CRAGIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case
of Allen Smith on the files of the Senate be referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
Ordered, That Mary C. Lane have leave to with-
draw her petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
lllSrOlVTS 01? COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 234) relating to acknowledg-
ments of deeds or other instruments of writ-
ing in the District of Columbia, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 65) to
extend the port of entry of the collection dis-
trict of Oregon, to report it back, and ask to bo
discharged from its further consideration; and
I am also instructed to report a bill as a sub-
stitute for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be laid on the table, and the bill
now reported will have its first reading.
The bill (S. No. 395) to establish the col-
lection district of Willamette, in the State of
Oregon, was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 351) for the protection of the settlers,
within the Fort Ridgely military reservation,
Minnesota, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 107) to extend to the mouth of the
Columbia river the land grant heretofore made
for a railroad in Oregon, reported adversely
thereon; and it was ordered to He on the
table.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, as a substitute for the bill last
acted on, reported a bill (S. No. 396) granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph from Portland to Astoria and
McMinnville, in the State of Oregon ; which
was read twice by its title, and, on his mo-
tion, recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands.
bills in'riiODUCED.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
397) amendatory of the preemption laws:
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILLBY. A gentleman of high intel-
ligence and respectability has placed in my
hands this morning a bill abolishing the frank-
ing privilege, with the request that I should
introduce it. I am in favor of abolishing the
franking privilege, but there may be other pro-
visions in this bill that have not my concur-
rence ; and yet, as it is said that in a multitude
of councilors there is wisdom, I ask leave to
introduce the bill for the purpose of refer-
ence.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 398) to abolish the
franking privilege and to establish a letter-car-
rier's system in cities of five thousand inhab-
itants ; and it was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee oil Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
COST OF PRODUCING PIG-IRON.
Mr. SCOTT submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to communicate to the Senate the informa-
tion and data which may be on file in the Bureau of
Statistics and under control of the Sgeeis,! Com-
missioner of the Revenue upon which is based the
statement in the report of the said Commissioner
I for the year 1869, relating to the cost of American
i pig-iron, that" In the valley of the Cumberland, ami
1 in the anthracite districts of Pennsylvania, and at
Scrant on, the Commissioner is informed by those eon-
vcrsantwith the business that the averageoostoj man-
ufacture in the case of furnaces_favorably situated,
under good management, and with coal at ordinary
prices, is not in excess of from twenty-four to twenty-
six dollars per ton, and in some instances is much lea-
than this figure, These estimates it is furthermore
to be observed, include a liberal interest on the cap-
ital invested, which is turned on an average from two
to three times per annum."
