1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3651
hand it to the Secretary, and it will be entered
on the Calendar last.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well.
ftnal adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate now
resumes the consideration of the concurrent
resolution of the House of Representatives
tixing the tirbe for the adjournment of this ses-
sion of Congress on the 4th of July ; the pend-
ing question being on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumxer,] to
stiike out. "Monday, the 4th of July," and
insert " Monday, the 2oth of July."
Mr. STEWART. I am very anxious to get i
along with the bill which is the regular order,
•mil with that view I move that this resolution
bo passed over for to-day.
Mr. FERRY. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RAMSEY. On this questiou I am
paired with the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmuni>s.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 32 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Colo, Corbett, Cragin,
Drake. Ilowc, Morton, Nye, Pomcroy, Pool, Rico, ;
Hoss. Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, !
Thayer, Trumbull, and Warner—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
rirowulow, Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Davis, 1
Teuton, Ferry, Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, llamlin, Harlan,
Harris, Howard, llonell, Johnston, Kellogg, Mc-
Crecry, McDonald. Patterson, Robertson, Scott, •
'l'hurman,Tipton, Vickers, Willev, and Williams—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Carpenter. Cat-
tell, Conkling, Edmunds, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Osborn, Pratt, Ramsey,
Revels, Saulsbury. Sawyer, Sprnguo, Stockton, Wil-
son, and Yates—20.
So the motion was not agreed to. 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. The questiou
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, to strike out "the 4th of July"
and insert "the 2oth of July."
Mr. SUMNER. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Buckingham, Chandler, ,
Cole, Cracrin, Drake, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, 31c- ,
Donald, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice, Itoss,
Sherman. Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tram-
bull, anil Warner— 23.
NAY'S — Messrs. Boreman, Brownlo-.r, Cameron,
Casserly, Corbett, Davis. Fen ton. Ferry, Flanagan,
Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howell, John-
ston, McCrecry, Patterson, Robertson. Scott, Thur-
lnan, Tipton, Vickers, Willey, and Williams—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Car- ■
penter, Cattell. Conkling, Edmunds, Lewis, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Osborn,
l'ratt, Ramsey, Revels, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, !
Sprague, Stockton, Wilson, and Yates—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to strike out the
time named in the resolution, " Monday, the
4th," and to insert " Friday, the loth."
Mr. CASSERLY. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
'J'lie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. Js the amendment offered by
the Senator from Maine susceptible of amend-
ment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to insert, instead of
"Friday,the 15th," " Wednesdav, the 20th."
The "VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri moves, as an amendment to the
amendment, to insert "Wednesday, the 20th
of July."
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the j'eas and
nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Buckingham, Chandler.
Cole, Cragin, Drake, Hnwc, Kellogg, McDonald,
Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pomcroy, Pool, Rice, Ross,
Sherman, Spencer. Stewart, Sumne*, Thayer, Trum-
bull, and Warner—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Cameron, Ca.-serly, Corbett. Davis, Fcnton, Ferry,
Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris. How-
ard, Howell, Johnston, McCrecry, Revel-*, Robert-
son, Scott, Thurman, Tipton, Viokers, Willey, and
Williams—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Amos, Bayard, Carpenter, Cat-
tell, Conkling, Edmunds, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Osborn, Pratt, Ramsey,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Sprague, Stockton, Wil-
son. and Yates—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, to insert "Friday, the 15th of July,"
instead of "Monday, the 4th of July."
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " Friday, the 15th
of July," and inserting " Monday, the 18th
of July."
Mr. DRAKE. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
bama to the amendment of the Senator frtfm
Maine, to make the day Monday, the 18th of
July.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Abbott, Buckingham, Chandler,
Cole, Crngin, Drake, Ilowe. Kellogg, McDonald,
Morrill Maine, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomcroy,
Pool,Revels, Rice,Ross, Sherman,Spencer, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, and Warner—24.
NAY'S—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Cameron, Casserly, Corbett, Davis, Fenton, Ferry,
Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Ilarlan, Harris, How-
ard, Howell, Johncton, McCrecry, Robertson, Scott,
Thnrman,Tipton, Vickers, Willey, and Williams—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Carpenter, Cat-
tell, Conkling, Edmunds, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont,
Norton. Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, Schurz, Sfiague, Stockton, Trumbull, Wilson,
and Yates—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Th* question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. CORBETT. I propose to substitute
Friday, the 8th, instead of that day.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, 1 think it is
proper to say a few words about this matter
that the country may understand how the whole
thing stands here in the Senate to-day. The
Democrats in the House of Representatives
moved the resolution that is now before us,'as
I am informed the record in the Globe shows,
and it was carried there. And now, sir, we find
that the champions of an early adjournment
here are our Democratic friends on the other
side of the Chamber. As has been heretofore
remarked, the chairman of every important
committee in the Senate is against the early
adjournment,because we cannot get through
with the great measures which the interests of
the country require us to pass in the times
that have been named here. And yet a por-
tion of the Republican Senators, sufficient, in
combination with the Democrats, to defeat a
prolongation of the session to a sufficient time
to do the public business as it ought to be done,
have defeated "every attempt yet to prolong the
session beyond the time the House resolution
fixes.
Mr. President, those Republican Senators
who take this course may be right in their
course and I maybe utterly wrong in my views
of this matter. 1 do not undertake to pass con-
demnation upon them any more than I suppose
they would pass condemnation upon me. My
sole object in rising is that the country may
i understand that the majority of the Republican
Senators on this floor are voting in favor of
giving sufficient time to do the public business
as it ought to bo done ; but that they are de-
feated in it by the votes of the Democratic
Senators in combination with a minority of
the Republicans. That is all that I wish to
have known to the country.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
Mr. IIAMLIN. Let us vote.
Mr. CAMERON. I would agree very will-
ngly, if other Senators would, to take a vote;
but I cannot consent to be dragooned into n,
measure from, the fear of voting as Democrats
vote. Am I not a man as well as the Senator
from Missouri, and have I not the right to
judge for myself what is for the interest of the
country as well as he? And because some
gentlemen upon the other side of the Chamber
happen to vote with me, have I therefore done
wrong? Ought he not rather, if he had the
modesty which I think usually characterizes
him, to believe that he has done wrong, that
he has erred in differing from the majority of
his fellows here, the Senators belonging to his
own party? Why, sir, he has been beaten
almost two to one on every vote on this ques-
tion ; and yet, notwithstanding that, he has
gone out of his road to make difliculty here.
I never before heard in th« Senate a Senator
say "I will call the yeas and nays upon every
question" without a motive for doing it. I
have known in the Senate a Senator to get up
and say that he desired to record his own vote,
and the Senate have agreed to let him vote,
when the whole of the body except himself
had voted in opposition. That was the courtesy
that used to belong to the Senate. I never, until
very recently, have seen gentlemen come hero
saying, "I will do so and so and waste the
time of the Senate, only because I do not agree
with the majority of the body." Everybody in
the Senate knows that the sentiment here lias
been for adjournment on the 4th of July, and
whenever the question has come up fairly there
has been a large majority for it, and yet mo-
tions are made here varying sometimes ouly
three days from the one voted on the moment
before. I am sorry that my good friend, the
Senator from Missouri, should allow himself
to do that which I know upon a little reflection
he will be sorry for.
Mr. DRAKE. I call upon the Secretary to
read the votes upon these propositions this
mbrning.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object to that.
Mr. DRAKE. Not the votes; but to state
the numbers.
Mr. THURMAN. I object.
Mr. DRAKE. Does the Senator from Maine
object to that, too?
Mr. CASSERLY and Mr. TIPTON. I ob-
ject.
Mr.SUMNER, (to Mr. Drake.) Have them
sent to you and read them yourself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri can read them ; but the Secretary can
only read the amendments which are pending
before the body, and matter which is sent up
to be read by consent of the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania stated that the proposition to prolong the
session had been voted down this morning by
two to one. Well, sir, all that I have to say in
reply to that is that in my opinion the educa-
tion of the Senator from Pennsylvania in arith-
metic was very defective. Five or six votes
have defeated each of those propositions, and
no more; and that is not two to one.
I beg leave to correct the Senator from Penn-
sylvania in another respect. I did not under-
take to pass any judgment upon those Senators
who voted against these various propositions.
I did not undertake to " dragoon'' him or any-
body else. I simply undertook one thing, and
that has been accomplished: to let the country
know that if there be not time to finish the
public business here it is not the fault of the
majority of the Republican Senators on this
floor, but it is the result of a concurring vote
between a minority of the Republicans and the
whole body of the Democrats.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, this mode of
argumentation in the Senate of the United
States practiced upon by the Senator from
Missouri this morning has become infamously
odious to men who profess to be responsible to
a constituency at home, and not to the leader-
ship of any man in the Senate of the United
States 
Tile VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
