2708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 15,
covered by the census as to which that class of
enumerators ought not to be trusted. I do
not enter into particulars; they will occur to
the Senator. The fact, if it exists, is a fact
now as much as it was then, save only in one
respect; and I think the Senator will find, upon
consideration, hesitation in his own mind, and
an awkwardness in the proposition of selecting
as census-takers those who cannot take the
oaths as they art1 now prescribed. There are
several States of the Union, even if his own
be not one, in which very great objection would
be made to it by those in political sympathy
with the honorable Senator and myself; but, if
my suggestion can prevail—that the bill be
taken up and the substitute agreed to, which
I think can bo done in a moment—that will
lead to a committee of conference, in which
the whole subject can be considered.
Mr. WARNER. I see and understand ex-
actly the point of the remarks of the honorable
Senator from'New York; but I will say in
reply that as a matter of fact it will be impos-
sible to get competent census-takers through-
out the South without taking some men who
are either unable to take the test-oath or who
have already been relieved. The Senator of
course understands that those who have been
relieved are not required to take this oath.
This resolution refers to men who are not
under disability, but who simply, for some par-
ticipation in the rebellion, caunottake the test-
oath. That class of men we are making judges,
Governors, Congressmen, and everything else
of, and I know no reason in the world why they
should not be made census-takers.
Mr. CONKLING. The point is thai; those
men who cannot take the oath, and have never
been relieved, but are now under disabilities
because it has not been thought proper to re-
lieve them, are those against whom objection
would apply.
At the suggestion of other Senators I will
ask general consent, regardless of the expira-
tion of the morning hour—of course if it leads
to debate I will not press it—to take up the
bill in regard to the census, for the purpose of
agreeing to the substitute reported by the com-
mittee, to the end that the House may either
agree to it or else disagree, and that we may
have a conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York asks unanimous consent, subject
to a demand for the regular order, that House
bill No. 1595, with the amendment, may be
considered.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. R. No. 1595) to amend an
act entitled "An act providing for the taking
of the seventh and subsequent censuses of the
United States, and to fix the number of the
members of the House of Representatives,
and to provide for their future apportionment
among the several States," approved May 23,
1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, sub- j
ject to a demand for the regular order. i
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that the substitute
be read without the original bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading of tb e
original will be dispensed with if there be no
objection.
The Secretary read the amendment reported
by the Committee on the Revision of the Laws,
which was to strike out all of the original bill
after the enacting clause of the House bill and
to insert in lieu tlieieof the following:
That the Secretary of the Interior In:, and he is
hereby, directed to include in the instructions to tho
United States marshals for taking tho census the
present year directions to obtain tho following sta-
t,!;-tics respecting the surviving officers, soldiers, and
sailors of the v- ar of 1812, and tho surviving widows
ol deceased officers, soldiers, and sailors of said war,
towit: name and age of each suiuving officer, sol-
dier, and sailor: name of deceased officer, soldier,
and sailor whose widow survives ; dateof enlistment
and length of servicc, with name ot company and
legiment and vessel in which service wa> rendered,
as nearly as may bo, of each officer, soldier, and
sailor, and of each deceased officer, soldier, and
sailor whose widow survives; what pension, if any,
tho surviving officer, soldier, and sailor, or widow, is
receiving.
Sec. 2. And be it f urther enacted, That tho time
allowed for transmitting tho said copy of the returns
of the assistant marshals to the Census Office is hereby
farther limited so that the returns of population and
mortality upon schedules numbered, respectively,
ono and six, in the aet of May 23,1850, shall bo sent
to that office on or before the 15th day of August
next, and the complete returns upon all theschedules
annexed to and made part of that act, excopting
upon tho schedule therein designated as No. 2,
which sehedulo is hereby revoked, canceled, and
declared to be no longer a part of said act, shall be
forwarded to the Census Oftice before tho 1st day of
October following: Provided, That the Secretary of
tho Interior shall bo authorized to extend the timo
allowed for returns on the schedules, other than
those of population and mortality, in any caso where
it shall appear to him to bo necessary: Provided
further, lhat whenever, from the loss or destruction
of returns, or from causes beyond tho control of tho
officers charged with the enumeration, it shall bo
shown to be impracticable to comply with the re-
quirements of this section, the Secretary of tho
Interior is authorised to extend the time allowed for
rendering returns of population and mortality, not
beyond the lstday of October next.
Sec. 3. Andbeit farther enactcd, That the Secretary
of the Intorior be, and he is hereby, authorized to
increase tho compensation allowed marshals oragents
and their assistants for taking tho ninth census in
California, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, New Mcxieo,
Montana, Idaho, Colorado, Wyoming, Arizona, and
Washington, but only so much as may be found
necessary to securo tho prompt and faithful execu-
tion of the work.
Sue. 1. And be it further enacted. That each assist-
ant marshal or agent shall bo paid for making out
and returning complete copies of the original census
returns, as required in tho elovonth section of the
act to which this is a supplement, eight cents for
each page of the two copies of the original census
returns required by the said eleventh section.
Mr. COLE. It occurs to me that the in-
formation relating to the soldiers of 181'2 can
as well be obtained from the Pension Office as
through the census. 1 suppose that about all
that class of persons, soldiers and widows of
soldiers, now are enjoying pensions.
Mr. CONKLING. _ Oh, no.
Mr. COLE. I think they are. They are
entitled by law to a pension, and pretty much
all have applied. I doubt whether there are
any considerable number not included on the
pension-rolls at present.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator will allow
me to suggest that the census is to be not of
those who were wounded, but of those who
survive; and he will remember that only those
who were wounded or disabled draw pensions.
Mr. COLE. Those who survive have been
provided with land warrants, I think, and there
is a source of information as to such as have
not been drawing pensions. So that tho in-
formation, it seems to me, is pretty nearly
within the reach of any one who desires to
obtain it. There is this objection, it seems to
mo, to lumbering up t'ne schedules of subjects
upon which information is desired. It will
result in confusion, will result in inaccuracy.
We have already a very large list of heads
under which information is desired to bo taken
by the census-takers, and to enlarge tliem very
considerably, as will be done even by this
little amendment, will result, in my opinion,
in greater inaccuracy, in fact, in some degree
of confusion.
Mr. CONKLING. This is a House bill.
This is the precise provision which the House
adopted, and I may say I think without impro-
priety that the bill is reported by the commit-
tee in deference to the demand of some per-
sons who insist that something is needed in
addition to the present law. I do not mean to
deny the force of much that the honorable
Senator has said. Speaking of the two latter
sections, in reference to compensation, I beg to
say that they are put in upon the recommenda-
tion of the clerk superintending the execution
of the census, who addressed a communication
calling attention to the subjects embraced in
those sections. They are put in in accordance
with that, and I think I may indulge myself in
saying not in accordance with my own judg-
ment, and I think not in accordance with the
judgment of the committee; but it is done in
deference to the House of Representatives and
to the necessities supposed to exist on the part
of the officer charged with this work.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
committee as a substitute.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. This subject is so sud-
denly called to my mind that I really am not
prepared to move an amendment; but I will
ask the Senator from New York whether there
is a provision for discontinuing one of the
three copies of the census ? I have seen state-
ments made iu the papers that we could save
by discontinuing one copy a very large sum of
money.
Mr. CONKLING. I will endeavor in a
moment to answer the honorable Senator.
There are now by law two copies and the ori-
ginal required. The provision is that one copy
shall be filed in the office of the secretary of
State of the State, the other copy returned
here, and the original deposited in each county
in the county clerk's office. The Senate will
see the reason for having these two copies; and
I will remind the Senator from Ohio thatthree
occasions are not unlikely to arise—the appor-
tionment of representation, the laying of a
direct tax, and the call for troops will illus-
trate sufficiently my remark—when the jeal-
ousy and the rights of States concur in requir-
ing that there be among the archives of the
State evidence of the enumeration. Accord-
ingly, in the House bill, in which one of these
copies is dropped, it is proposed that one copy
shall go to the secretary of State's office of
the State. It is conceded that that is neces-
sary. It is also conceded that a copy is to
come here, as it must do to be examined and
tabulated eventually. Now, it is proposed to
use the original to deposit in the office of the
secretary of State of the State, and thus to
have no original deposited in the office of the
county clerk. The committee, after consider-
ation, did not feel warranted in recommend-
ing or consenting to this change, and I will
endeavor in a moment to inform the Senate
why.
The original of the returns consists of the
blank carried about in tho rain and in the shine
by the census-taker, written upon with differ-
ent pens in different inks, and under disad-
vantageous circumstances, and erased and cor-
rected, soiled, rumpled, defaced, largely illegi-
ble. That original return, thus defective, being
deposited in the office of the county clerk, is iu
the handwriting to a considerable extent of
the enumerator in each case, and ho has seen
it made, even if he did not make it himself.
In all instances it happens, as experience has
shown, that many errors occur. Dr. Snow, of
Rhode Island, states that in the case of clergy-
men, as intelligent as they are, making returns
only of marriages and deaths, and of the ages
of the people, they leave their returns so
defective that one in three or lour is found to
require cure or correction. So to a larger
extent it has been found in the case heretofore
of the census enumerators.
The use which has been found for this ori-
ginal return the Senate will see. In process
of examination and tabulation these errors are
discovered, and being returned to the census-
taker he is able to go to the county clerk's
office, which is near his home, wherever it may
be in the county, and looking at this original
memorandum to refresh his recollection, he is
able to call to mind when and where the entry
was made, and if an age, a nationality, a name
has been omitted he can supply it, as expe-
rience has shown, nine times in ten: nay,
forty-nine times in fifty. Thus the original
return, imperfect, defective, soiled as it is and
improper for use to file among the archives of
the State for purposes permanent in their char-
acter, is not only useful, but the most useful
document that could be to refresh the recol-
lection of the man who has made the entries
or seen them made. So useful were the com-
mittee informed this has been on previous
