452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
PRIVATE BILL DAY.
Mr. WILLEY. I present the following
order for the consideration of the Senate:
Ordered, That, every Friday during the presentses-
sion of the Senate, after the morning hour, be set
apart for the consideration of business coming from
the Committee on the Distrietof Columbia, the Com-
mittee on Claims, and th e Committee on Patents and
the PatentOffice.in the order in which said commit-
tees are herein named.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the immediate consideration of this order?
Mr. FERRY. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over
under the rule.
SEIZURE OS SPIRITS.
Mr. COLE. I desire to call up Senate reso-
lution No. 82, with a view to having it referred,
and at the same time, before the reference, offer-
ing some remarks upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of joint resolution (S. II.
No. 82) relating to the seizure of distilled spirits
in California.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the joint resolution.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, before the
Christmas holidays I sought an opportunity to
call up this resolution (No. 82) for the pur-
pose of referring it to the Committee on Re-
trenchment; but the pressure of executive and
other business crowded it out, and I now avail
myself of the first opportunity to carry out the
purpose then entertained of making a state-
ment of the reasons that induced its intro-
duction.
As stated in the preamble, a large amount
of distilled spirits were seized a short time ago
by the collector of internal revenue in San
Francisco, for alleged violation of law in refer-
ence to the payment of taxes. These spirits
were shipped to California from the Atlantic
side, I believe from the port of New York;
but they were manufactured and mostly owned
in Ohio and Kentucky, the business being done
through liquor houses in New York and San
Francisco.
The quantity seized was some thousands of
barrels, worth toward a quarter of a million
dollars, and, as might have been expected, so
large an interest called for the most strenuous
exertions to obtain its release. The faithful
and resolute officers making the seizure camc
in for an ample share of abuse from the owners
of the liquors and their agents, and when all
those means failed which always fail when at-
tempted upon conscientiousofficials, the grace-
less business of breaking down and removing
those officers was vigorously entered upon.
The supervisor of the Pacifie coast, a com-
• petent officer, was invited to resign, and the
supervisor from the District of Columbia and
Maryland, a Mr. Fulton, accompanied by a
General Cowen, from Ohio, to act as his clerk
or aid, were sent out to California for the osten-
sible purpose of investigating internal revenue
matters there. The sequel shows how faith-
fully they performed their work, and possibly
what the real object of their mission was.
It should be remarked in passing that those
gentlemen had been in California but a short
time when General Cowen, though an entire
stranger, was nominated and appointed super-
visor for that, State; so that we were favored
at once with two officers of the same grade,
both exotics, the one from Washington but
formerly from Ohio, and the other from Wash-
ington or Ohio, as is most convenient, both
good men and true no doubt, true to the inter-
ests of Washington and Ohio, if not of Cal-
ifornia. These things occurred less than two
months ago, but excited not much attention
until what appeared to be sinister purposes
began to be developed in the transaction.
As a representative of the Pacifie coast, and
naturally feeling an interest in the good name
of that section, I was not a little mortified and
astonished to see in the Chronicle of this city
on the 25th of November, under the head of
"Departmental—-Official and Political," the
following, evidently intended to pave the way,
a sort of forerunner of an anticipated result:
"Supervisor Fulton's visit to California.—-Mention
was made in the Chronicle recently that Supervisor
Fulton, of the district embracing Delaware, Mary-
land, and tlie District of Columbia, -had been dis-
patched to California by Commissioner Delano s but
the object of the visit then appeared to be secret,
some being of the opinion that it was merely intended
to bo one of those official visits embracing more of
pleasure than business. It now appears, however,
that Commissioner Delano, in this instance, as m all
others, ordered the visit with purely business intent.
In fact, Commissioner Delano had rocoived inform-
ation that pretty well satisfied him of the existence
in that region of immense frauds on the revenue,
'and he determined to fully bring to light and expose
them, and, if possible, bring the perpetrators to
justice.
"During the latter part of 1868 the Government
ordered to that oountry a special Treasury agent
named Samuel Purdy, with instructions tolook after
the interests of both the internal revenue and cus-
toms departments, and an extended printed report
was submittod by him to Congress at the request of
that body. S tatements therein embraced ana sworn
to left no room for doubt that fraudulent transac-
tions had been indulgod in thatState, and that there
wero officers of tho Government deeply interested.
Some of this class of men it is believed are in office
yet, and Supervisor Pulton will give them his atten-
tion.
"In Mr. Purdy's investigations he was assisted by
revenue officials who appeared to do so in good faith,
but who it was soon asoertainod wero only endeav-
oring to retard tlio examinations and to load the in-
vestigators astray. Bonded warehouses containing
some live hundred thousand gallons of spirits wero
thoroughly inspected, and soon fully sufficient frauds
appeared to cause Mr. Purdy to carry tho matter to
tho courts. During the judicial investigations it was
soon mado manifest to the prosecution that several
United States officials had privately obtained con-
fessions of judgment by threats and otherwise where
no frauds existed. Distillers who were afraid that
some phase or technicality of the law might operate
harshly against them were led into these confessions
rather than stand tlie test of the law and probably
heavy costs attending a proposed compromise. No
receipts wero passed in many such cases, and conse-
quently no returns of money were made to the proper
authorities. In some of theso cases, as appearsfrom
this printed report, well-paid witnesses appeared on
the stand, and tho acquittal of accused and guilty
parties was the result.
" From San Francisco fine liquors wero shipped in
bond, but when the vessels would arrive at their
destination the casks were discovered to contain
water only, which naturally led to the belief that the
liquors had been drawn out at some intermediate
point on the voyage, and the consequent vacuum
supplied with water.
"It is estimated that the covering up, at least
temporarily, of many fraudulent transactions cost
the perpetrators many thousands of dollars. At all
events rich developments are expected to be made
to the Internal Revenue Bureau within a few weeks
by Supervisor Pulton, for he is one of the most en-
ergetic officers in tho service of the internal reve-
nue department."
Knowing some of the statements in that
article to be entirely false, and a portion, at
least, of the insinuations to be utterly ground-
less, I could not but suspect that some motive
not altogether justifiable instigated its publica-
tion.
The information in the article, beyond ques-
tion, emanated from some one in the Internal
Revenue Bureau. The whole tone and tenor
of the tirade demonstrate that fact. "Com-
missioner Delano," says the writer, "in this
instance, as in all others, ordered the visit of
Fulton with purely business intent," and no
doubt it was true he meant business. . But the
writer continues:
" In fact, Commissioner Delano had received
information that pretty well satisfied him of the
existence, in that region, of immense frauds on the
revenue, and he determined to fully bring to light
and expose them, and if possible bring the perpe-
trators to justice."
That sounds well at least. It is positively
good. It is in the highest degree patriotic.
It is the duty of every officer of the Govern-
ment and every citizen to bring to light, expose
and punish frauds upon the revenue, and I
freely promise the Commissioner my support
in all such exertions; and that is my task at
present. If it should turn out, however, that
the frauds were not "in that region," Cali-
fornia, but in the region of Cincinnati, Louis-
ville, New York, and other places on this side
of the continent, it may be some relief but
it will be no gratification to my constituency.
They are not a people to rejoice in the calam-
ity of anybody. While they love justice they
do not exult over the misfortunes or miscon-
duct of their fellow-men.
We were promised "rich developments to
be made to the Internal Revenue Bureau
within a few weeks by Supervisor Fulton."
The few weeks have now past and we are
having some rieh developments, but not so
much affecting the officers and people of San
Francisco as the officers and people closer at
home.
A report of Samuel Purdy, who was sent to
California under Johnson's administration to
make up charges against faithful officers there,
who did not agree with that Administration,
was made the pretext, in part, for the mission
of Fulton. The trifling, ex parte, and exceed-
ingly unfair report of Purdy was already here.
It had been printed on the motion of ^reputed
Republican member of the other House, no
Democrat, I presume, being found so com-
pletely imbued with injustice as to call for the
promulgation of so iniquitous a document. It
was thus paraded before the world, but to
every impartial mind bore upon its face the
plainest evidences of the malevolence that in-
stigated its production. Fortunately for the
interests of the Government and the reputa-
tion of the officers the antidote accompanied
the intended poison.
Some of the officials who were the object of
Purdy's pointless shafts are the same who have
lately seized the whisky in San Francisco, and
it is concerning them that'' rich developments''
by Supervisor Fulton were promised. The
happy idea was conceived by some one in the
interest of whisky and political wickedness,
that the secret, ex parte, star-chamber-report
game might be played over again, antt perhaps
this time with better success, in which event
certain officers would be removed and near a
quarter of a million dollars' worth of fraud-
ulent whisky would certainly be released from
custody.
Of this Supervisor Fulton I know but little,
but something. He is pronounced in the arti-
cle above quoted "one of the most energetic
officers in the service of the internal revenue
department." This, however, I do know of
him, that before he proceeded on his mission
of rich development to California he had full
and free conferences, in this city and in Bal-
timore, with the agents and attorneys of the
parties whose whisky was under seizure. His
going on that mission was known to them some-
time before his departure. It was known to
them soon after, probably as soon as his going
was concluded upon, the principal attorney of
the_ whisky party being early put in communi-
cation with said Fulton by the Commissioner
himself.
On his arrival in San Francisco he immedi-
ately set himself about making so much of an
investigation of the seizures, and no more, as
would afford him a shallow pretext for recom-
mending a release; and he did recommend to
the Department in Washington a release of the
spirits without giving the seizing officers the
least opportunity to present facts in justifica-
tion of the seizures. Those officers endeav-
ored time and again to induce this eastern
emissary to hear the reasons for their action,
but in vain. It seemed to be no part of his
errand to ascertain from the only proper sources
the grounds for the seizures. The officers pro-
posed to demonstrate by redistillation in his
presence, by the analysis of the best chemists,
and in various other ways, the correctness of
their procedure, but all appeals to the justice
of this energetic supervisor were useless. In
the shortest time that could at all be justified
his report is forwarded to Washington recom-
mending a release of all the spirits. Upon that
report its discharge has been recommended
by the internal revenue department, as I am
informed from various sources, as well as by
the following, which appeared in the city papers
December 25, last month, a sort of official
