1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4597
$477 70. The committee believe that these are
the facts of the case, and that tiie claimant dis-
charged his duties lawfully and properly as
Superintendent of freedmen's affairs. From
the testimony submitted the committee believe
the judgment of the State court at Louisville
to have been art unjust and illegal imposition,
the claimant having no alternative but to pay
the judgment and be quit of the litigation.
Hence the committee reported the joitifc reso-
lution to reimburse him for his actual costs
and expenses.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay the joint
resolution on t.he table; but I will withdraw
the motion temporarily if my colleague [Mr.
cobb, of Wisconsin] wishes to make any
explanation.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. 1 withdraw the
joint resolution rather than allow it to con-
sume time.
bit. john ii. si'quoytn.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, also, from the
same committee, reported a joint resolution
(II. 11. No. 335) for the relief of Dr. John II.
McQuown, of Illinois; which was read a first
and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It directs
the Paymaster General to allow and pay out of
any moneys subject to his order for the pay
of the Army, to Dr. John H> McQuown, of
Illinois, $1,020 in full satisfaction for all mili-
tary and medical services rendered the United
States by McQuown while acting surgeon of
the sixty-second regiment Illinois volunteer
infantry.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time,'and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed: and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
williaji j. blakiston.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the same
committee, reported back a, bill (H. It. No.
1980) for the relief of William J. Biakiston,
with the recommendation that it do pass, with
an amendment.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be directed to pay,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated,to William J. Biakiston, ot Henry
county, Indiana, the sum of $1,327 92, in full
for services as a board of trade in Henry
county, Indiana, from the 35th of December,
18(52, to the 15th of September, 1803.
The amendment of the committee was to
Strike Out " $1,827 92" and insert "$972."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded ana the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill, as amended, was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill, as amended,
was passed ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
colonel thomas V. ji'makus.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the same
committee, reported a joint resolution (H. II.
No. 330) for the relief of Colonel Thomas P.
McManus; which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the Seci'etary of the Treasury be
authorized and directed to adjust and settle the
claims of Thomas P. McManus, a loyal citizen
of Texas, an officer of United States volun-
teers during the rebellion, for ninety bales of
cotton, average weight and quality, seized at
Galveston, Texas, in July, 1865, by Major L.
B. Houston, commanding the post of Colum-
bus, and turned over to the Supervising Treas-
ury agent at Galveston, Texas, sold for the use
of the United States and the proceeds paid into
the Treasury; the amount fotitid due to be paid
to said McManus but of any mesne? iti the
Treasury libt otherwise appropriated, and not
to exceed the suttl of $22,250.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Jt reserve lay point of
order on that joint i'esolution until the report;
of the committee has been read.
The report was read. PrOnl the evidence
submitted it appeats that this claimant Was a
loyal citizen of Texas, who before the War wa3
engaged in profitable trade, and who during
the war was an officer in the United States vol-
unteers. He was the lawful owner of one
hundred and sixty bales of cotton, left in the
care of ail agent during his absence from homo
and from the State in the military service With
his command. His agent, in endeavoring to
protect his property, had ninety bales of this
cotton stored at Allentofrn, Texas, near the
post of Columbus. Major Houston, of the
twenty-third regimetit of Ohio volunteers, then
at Columbus, ordered those ninety bales of
cotton to be seized and turned over to George
S. Denison, supervising Treasury agent at Gal-
veston. They were turned over to the United
States and sold, and the proceeds of them were
paid into the Treasury. The joint resolution
is for the purpose of restoring these proceeds
to Colonel Thomas P. McManus, the claimant.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly i'ead the
third time, and passed.
Air. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider bo laid on the table,
The latter motion was agreed to.
wall claims os massachusetts.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the same
committee, reported a joint resolution for the
settlement of the claim of the State of Massa-
chusetts for coast defenses ; which was read a
first and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the Secretary of the Treasury and
the proper accounting officers are authorized
and directed to adjust and settle the claim of
the State of Massachusetts for coast defenses
on the basis of the report of the commissioners
appointed in pursuance of the joint resolution
of Congress approved July 26, 1806, and that
the same be paid to the authorized agent of
the State of Massachusetts, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
not to exceed the sum of $230,130 06, without
interest thereon.
Mr. FARNSWORTtl. I make a point of
order on that, that as it contains an appro-
priation it must have its first consideration in
the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the joint resolution must
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. This is not a private bill. It
has always been held that bills havingreference
to Stales are public bills.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
suggest to my colleague that ho withdraw the
joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair may further
state that he does not hold that the privileges
of the committee to report to-day are confined
to private bills.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I withdraw the
joint resolution.
claims ok citizens oj? kansas.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, also, from the
same committee, reported back, with the rec-
Ototaeadatioh that it do pass, the bill (H. R.
No. 2176) authorizing the appointment of a
commissioner and the settlement of claims of
citizens of1 Kansas..
The bill Was read. It 'provides in its first
section that the judge of the United States
circuit court for the district composed of the
States of Minnesota, Iowa( Missouri, Arkansas,
Nebraska, and Kansas is hereby appointed a
commissioner to receive and examine all claims
of citizens of Kansas against the United States
for the loss of property taken or destroyed, and
damages resulting therefrom during the civil
disturbances which prevailed in that Territory
from November 1, 1855, to December 1,185G.
And it shall be the duty of the Commissioner,
upon the testimony heretofore offered before
the commissioners appointed under an act of
the Legislature of said Territory, passed Feb-
ruary 7, 1859, entitled "An act to provide for
the adjustment and payment of claims," and
such additional testimony as may be produced
or may be required by said commissioner, to
a"ward to each claimant his actual loss, if in
the opini.on of said commissioner the Govern-
ment of theUnited States is justly liable there-
for upon the established principles of law or
equity, provided that the benefits of this act
shall not extend to any parties to whom awards
were not made by the said commissioners,
except to parties who may have received an
interest in the same by an assignment or sale
by said original claimant.
The second section provides that it shall be
the duty of the United States district attorney
and the marshal, or their deputies, and the
clerk of said district court, to act in their re-
spective capacities for and in behalf of- the
United States, during all proceedings under this
act, so as to secure a full and legal investigation
of any and all claims before said commissioner.
The third section provides that said commis-
sioner shall hold the first session of court for
the above purpose on the first Tuesday of Jan-
uary next, or as soon thereafter as practicable,
in the city of Leavenworth, Kansas; and ha
shall give not less than two weeks' notice of
such session in three or more newspapers pub-
lished in Leavenworth county; he may adjourn
said sessions from time to time, and from place
to place, at his discretion, giving a like notice
of each session so held in not less than three
newspapers published in the State; be shall
have his usual jurisdiction during said ses-
sions; his decisions shall be final; andhe shall,
on or before the 1st day of October next there-
after close his proceedings under this act.
The fourth section provides^ that said com'
missioner shall issue a certificate to each,
claimant of the amount awarded to him, and
make up two lists of all awards made by him,
and deposit one list, together with the testi-
mony and a record of their- proceedings, with
the clerk of the district court of Kansas, and
the other list with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury of the United States. It shall be the duty
ot the Secretary of the Treasury, on the filing
of the list of said awards by the commissioner,
to pay over to the original claimant, or if he be
deceased, to his heirs or legal representatives,
the amount of his award on their presentation
of the certificate issued by the said commis-
sioner ; provided, however, that if the whole
amount of said awards shall exceed the sum of
ยง500,000 it shall be paid and distributed pro
rata; and so much of said sum of $500,000
as may be necessary to pay the awards made'
under this act is hereby appropriated, payable
out of any money in the Treasury of the United
States not otherwise appropriated.
The fifth section provides that the pay of the
commissioner shall be ten dollars a day for the
time actually employed in the investigations and
awards, and the pay of the other officers named
shall be the same as for like services m cases
triable in the United States court, The said
salary and expenses, when approved by the
commissioner, shall be paid out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwiee appropriated.
