4598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
Mr. STILES. I raise the point of order that
thebill contains an appropriation, and shouldgo
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. I desire also to state that I have
an adverse report to make on this bill on be-
half of the minority of the committed
Mr. PAINE. Ia not this a private bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not rule
that it ia a private bill.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Why not?
Mr. SCOFIELD. It is a private fraud in a
public bill.
The SPEAKER. A bill relating to whole
classes of citizens is never held to be a private
bill. If it related to the claims of individuals,
A, B, and C, it would be a private bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I believe it would come
to that, if we let the bill through.
The SPEAKER. The point of order having
been made that it contains an appropriation,
and the bill being a public bill, it goes to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
MA.RTUA A. ESTILL.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, also, from the
same committee, reported back, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 115) to provide for the payment
of the claim of Martha A. Estill, administratrix
of the estate of James M. Estill, deceased,
Redick McKee, and Pablo de la Toba.
The joint resolution was read. In its first
section it authorizes the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to examine the claim of Martha A. Estill,
administratrix of the estate of James M. Estill,
late of California, alleged to be due for sup-
plies furnished in 1851 or 1852 for the use of
the Indians in the northern district of Califor-
nia, amounting to S3,000 ; also the claim of
Pablo de la Toba for supplies furnished to the
Indians on the Merced river, under alleged
contract with an agent of the Indian commis-
sioners then in California, amounting to 38,040;
and also that of Redick McKee, formerly
commissioner and Indian agent in the State of
California, for an alleged balance of account
for services and disbursements made for ex-
penses and extra compensation while acting
as such commissioner and agent, from 1850 to
1853, said balance amounting to $7,421 59 ;
and if, on said examination, the Secretary shall
beof opinion that said claims, oreitherof them,
or any parts or items thereof, are just and equit-
able, and that they were contracted in good
faith and for the public service, he shall cause
the same to be paid to the respective parties or
their legal representatives; provided that no
greater amount than that specified in this act
as claimed by the respective parties shall in any
event be paid; and provided further that the
amount paid in either case shall be accepted in
full discharge of the entire claim. The second
section provides that a sufficient sum to pay the
amounts adjudged to be due under this resolu-
tion is hereby appropriated.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to have the report
read on this case. This is a very old claim—
twenty years old—and a very extraordinary
one; and coming right after this Kansas mat-
ter, it requires to be looked into. I will make
a point of order on it if I am not too late.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. It is an old matter, but
one which has never been settled ; and this
bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior
to settle it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is what lam object-
ing to. I think the committee have got down
now to about the class of claims that will bear
watching, especially after their report upon the
Kansas claims. I raise the point of order
that this is an appropriation bill, and must
receive its first consideration in Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the gentleman is a little late with his
point of order; but if he insists upon it the
Chair will entertain it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do insist upon it.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill will be
referred to the Committee of the Whole, and
placed on the Private Calendar.
Sometime after,
Mr. SCOFIELD said: Mr. Speaker,, it has
been represented to me that in raising a point
of order upon the joint resolution relative to
the claim of Martha A. Estill and others, and
thereby preventing the case being heard in the
House, I have done great injustice to the par-
ties interested. I have no objection to allow-
ing the claim a fair hearing befpre the House,
though, from the reading of the joint reso-
lution the claim appeared to me a bad one.
I withdraw the point of order so far as I am
concerned, so that the case maybe considered
in the House.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the Committee of the Whole on the Private
consideration of the joint resolution (S. It.
Calendar will be discharged from the further
No. 115) to provide for the payment of the
claim of Martha A. Estill, administratrix of
the estate of James M. Estill, deceased, Redick
McKee, and Pablo de la Toba; and the reso-
lution will be considered as again before the
House, the question being upon ordering it to
a third reading.
There was no objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for the reading of
the report.
The Clerk read as follows, the report of the
Senate Committee on Claims:
The Committee on Claims, to whom were referred
tho petitions of Martha A. Estill, administratrix of
,T. M. Estill, deceased, praying payment for beef fur-
nished the United States Indian commissions, of
California, in 1851-52; of Joseph Barton and General
H. S. Barton, asking for payment of the claim of
Pablo do la Toba for cattle supplied to the same
commissioners; and of Redick McKee, one of said
commissioners, a&kwig to be refunded certain moneys
paid out by him as delivering agent for the Indian
department, and also additional compensation as
such agent, respectfully report as follows:
On the 15th October, 1850, Redick McKco, G. AY.
Barbour,and O.M.Wozeneroftwere appointed com-
missioners to hold treaties with various Indian tribes
in the State of California, as provided in the act of
Congress approved September HO, 1850.
ltedick McKee was also charged with tho duties
of disbursing agent of the commission, and $25,000,
the amount of the appropriation mado by said act,
was placed in his hands.
On the 12th April, 1851, the Commissioner of Indian
Allairs wrote to those commissioners that the act
approved 27th February, 1851, had terminated their
functions as commissioners; that henceforth they
were to act under their former instructions as agents
of the department.
Tha.t act provided that "no officer or astent so em-
ployed shall receive any additional compensation
for such service." An act of 28ih September, 1850,
had fixed the compensation of agents at $3,000 per
annum.
On the 22d May, 1851, the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs (Lea) addressod a communication to the agents
informing them that the appropriation of $75,000
asked for had been reduced to $25,000, and on 27th
June following, another communication saying, "You
will have perceived that though $75,000 were esti-
mated and asked for the servico in which you are
engaged, Congress appropriated only $25,000, tho
amount remittedyou on the 25th instant, which, with
the$25,0o0 heretofore placed in your hands, is all that
is applicable to the negotiation of treaties in Cali-
fornia, and when the funds referred to have been
exhausted you will close negotiations and proceed
with the discharge of your duties as agents simply,
as the department could not feel ltselt justified in
acknowledging anticipated expendituresbeyond the
amount of the appropriation made by Congress."
In a letter of 10th July. 1851, to J. Butler King,
(Sen. .Doc. 4,1853, p. 119.) Mr. McKee shows that he
was aware the appropriation was but $25,000, and
on 29th July he acknowledged receipt of letter of
23d May, 1851.
With those instructions debts wore contracted by
the commissioners or agents beyond the amount of
the appropriations which, up to 17tli February, 1852,
were reported as amounting to $32,069 79, among
which were the claims of J. M. Estill, for $3,000 for a
quantity of fresh beef, and the claim of Don Pablo
do la Toba, for two hundred and one head of cattle.
$8,010. (See Sen. Boe. 4, 31S.)
It is clear that under the instructions ahove
quoted, these debts were contracted without author-
ity of law, although those of Estill and de la Toba it
does appear were contracted by the agont in good
faith before receiptof the instructions, and beforehe
was aware of the reduction of the appropriation.
The Government has recognized the propriety of the
action of the agents under the circumstances by pay-
ing the other claims; and these claims having been
relerred to the Bepaitmeut of the Interior for exam-
ination, reports have several times been made plac-
ing them upon thesame ground as those which have
been paid, leaving open,, however, one question, i
namely, whether thesupplies claimed tor were actu-
ally issued, ajid stating that there is no evidencem :
possession ofthis office of the issue of these supplies -
other than what is detailed by the Commissioner in
various treaty proceedings published. (Senate Doc- ,
uments 4, Special Session, 1853, and affidavit of Gen- .
eral Burton filed with the papers.)
This affidavit and the statement of the commis-
sioner, Colonel McKee, show that these supplies -
were used for the Government, and it would seem
•just and equitable that they should be paid.
Redick McKee. agent and disbursing officer, claims
$7,424 59, $4,75152of that sum being for money alleged
to have been paid by him for boarding bills, travel-
ing, and other expenses, &c„ incur"d m the exeou-
tion of his duties, from January, 1851. to Octobei.
1853, and $2,670 27 commission for disbursement oi
the funds placed in his hands.
In April, 1865, an examination <>f his accounts
resulted in a balance in his favor of $2,224, which was
paid to him; and in that settlement items amount-
ing to the sum above mentioned (5-7,424 59) were sus-
pended or disallowed the commissions, because the
department had no authority to allow them, the act
ot27th February, 1851, indeed prohibiting such allow-
ance, and the other claims for lack of vouchers,
because the expenses charged were for personal
expenses when not engaged in the Indian service,
and for other reasons bet forth in a settlement oi
differences," made 4th August, 1865. For payment
of the amounts thus disallowed, Colonel McKee
appealed to Congress by petition, which has forsome
time been before the Committees on Indian Affairs
and Claims. , . , , _ . . .
lleports made successively by Commissioners of
Indian Affairs—W. P. Dole, in May, 1865; D. h . Coo-
ley, in March, 1866, and acting Commissioner Mix m
June* 1868—all treat these claims as just and equit-
able, notwithstanding thereasonsfor which they were
suspended or disallowed, the last report even going
further and recommending that SI,500 be allowed
to petitioner for his expenses in coming from and
returning to California in prosecution of this claim.
This report, however, treats the claim for the disal-
lowed and suspended items as one which should only
be allowed oil additional evidence. No additional
evidence has been submitted to the committee, and
it is but just to say that the nature of many of the
items is such as to render it difficult to procure evi-
dence, and that in adjusting them the circumstances
and practice of the Department in similar cases
should be considered, and such allowance made as is
just and equitable.
The disbursement of tho money being a duty super-
added to those of an agent before the passage of the
act forbidding additional compensation, and devolv-
ing responsibility for which bond and security were
given, the commissioner's claim does not seem un-
reasonable, and we recommend the payment of the
commission of five per cent, on $53,405 disbursed by
him, less $4,525 70 of it, which appears to have beeu
his own salary. §53,40.'-)
4,525
$43,880—32,4-11.
As it appears to have been the custom of the De-
partment to allow expenses such as are claimed by
Colonel McKee, as he is admitted to have discharged
his duties satisfactorily and with fidelity, and as
those associated with him have been paid similar
expenses, the committee recommend that the Secre-
tary of the Interior be requested to reexamine the
account for expenses, &c„ and to. allow whatever
amount of the same, not exceeding the amount
claimed in his petition, as shall, under the circum-
stances, appear to be just and equitable.* We here-
with submit a joint resolution, in accordance with
tho recommendations of this report.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed j and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J. M. TROTTER AND W. II. DUPREE.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the same
committee, also reported back, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass, Senate bill
No. 724:, for the relief of James M. Trotter
and William H. Dupree.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to pay to
James M. Trotter, sergeant major of the fifty-
fifth regiment Massachusetts volunteers, the
pay and allowances of a second lieutenant of
*The petitioner also claims interest, and now asks
to add to his demand his traveling expenses, <fcc.,
named in presenting the claim. The Department
having found enough in the accounts as at first pre-
sented to suspend or disallow them, we do not think
the Government should be held for interest; and we
are entirely unwilling to set the precedent of allow-
ing to any claimant his expenses incurred in prose-
cuting his claims before Congress.
