1766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
will control the whole Government of the
United States in the hands of a few men com-
posing the majority and ruling power of the
two Houses of Congress.
I have risen, sir, simply for the purpose of
saying that a measure of this kind I cannot
discuss. There are some propositions that are
beneath discussion. There are some proposi-
tions too infamous fordiscussion. And I can-
not, therefore, do more than rise and say that
I protest against this bill as a usurpation, as
revolutionary, as audacious, and as monstrous;
and I hope that this House will not pass it. I
now yield to my colleague from New York,
[Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. Blackwood, in a recent article,
says that it is almost an insult in the United
States to ask a man if he is a member of Con-
gress. This statement lias in it the old Tory
tinge and spite. It is made, however, in con-
nection with a discussion of the concentrated
strength of the domineering Anglo-Saxon as
he marches over the American continent. It
holds that this spirit is that of a tyrant majority;
it overrides written charters and local institu-
tions. In this regard Congress is obnoxious to
the greatest severity of criticism. This new
phase of reconstruction for the oft-constructed
State of Georgia is an example. We are no
longer a federation. The Constitution as a
federate bond is almost obsolete. Congress is
a despotic majority, reckless of boundaries and
rights, ruling with iron scepter a territorial do-
main. Municipal independence and local self-
government are captive, subject, gone. What
with the new amendments to the Constitution
and the new legislation here passed, proposed,
and menaced, the old, popular, restraining re-
served forces against centralization are either
dormant or dead, and our former inherent
power for domestic harmony and safe expan-
sion is annihilated. The wisdom of the past
century is not only assailed but derided by
these new radical advances. When we point
to them here we are scouted for our laggard
political philosophy.
Even the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] is no exception. Notwithstanding his
Demosthenian vehemence of protest he is
driven to say "that under the fourteenth
amendment Congress has power to reform
abuses even in organized States, represented
though they be in this House and the Senate
of the United States." This is broad enough
to drive a continental diligence with eight
mules through it without grazing a hub 1 There
is no difference in fact or philosophy between
the Republicans here or in Georgia. Some
there and here may shrink at the prick of a pin,
but they accept a principle which, to use an
expression of Mr. Fisk, "runs a saw right
into'' our political system.
Our States have touched the lower deep of
humiliation and indignity. They depend for
existence or non-existence on the fiat of Con-
gress, or rather on the whim of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] Congress
does the work of the Reconstruction Commit-
tee, and that committee is controlled by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Disabilities remain upon both States and peo-
ple. No effort is made to remove them by gen-
eral amnesty. When a batch of names is re-
ported here for that purpose it is followed by
a bill of pains and penalties, or "fundamental
conditions," which are a rod forever over the
once sovereign States 1 So long as this goes
on discontent will remain at the South, and so
long will there be pretext to "deal'' with both
States and individuals. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Davis] even rather threatens
the citizens of New York with legislation to
carry out the proscriptive hate ingrafted on the
third section of the fourteenth amendment.
He agrees in this with the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] They want a general
bill requiring a test-oath. Let them go ahead
and try it on New York.
It is,a sign of good government when there
is content among a people. It is otherwise
when it is bad government. There is no con-
tent in Georgia with the present situation. It
is a cruel satire on government. Martial law
exists in many counties. And yet Radical
papers are chuckling over the completion of
a cycle of one year's peaceful administration!
Your debate to-day, with its dissonance and
personalities, is a pretty commentary on the
felicities which the South enjoyed the past
year. France, England, Spain even, progresses
on the line of local liberty and individual free-
dom; yet we are reversing the engine. What
will be the collisions and disasters of the future
God only knows!
This Georgia bill is the fruit of our planting
last December. It is fruit rotten ripe, judgiug
by the criminations and recriminations heard
here to-day. The further we go in this recon-
struction the deeper isthe muck; the more we
struggle to get out the deeper we get in. I
have already shown the absurd incongruities
of the act of December 22,1869. The present
bill is its sequel. It is the same absurd story:
a State out, and yet in ; in for some purposes,
out for some. It is the game of the little joker:
" Now you see it, now you don't!"
Governor Bullock took the bill of December
home. We know what he did there ; how he
packed (they call it "purged") the Legisla-
ture, and how its members dwelt together in
the unity of the swor£ and purse. It was a
great farce. One of his railroad agents organ-
izes the body ; a military board eliminates it;
the displaced members are replaced by those
next on the poll-list, i. e., the minority candi-
dates. It was to be expected from such a pre-
lude that pistols and swagger, irregularity and
force would usher in such a travesty on legis-
lation ! When a resolution was offered to pay
th®>preacher who prayed at its opening it was
urged on the quantum meruit declaration that
never was there so much need for a tremendous
prayerful effort to penetrate to the throne of
Mercy for such a legislative pandemonium.
What is the proposed bill ? It has the same
irreversible fundamental conditions or obliga-
tions such as were imposed on Virginia and
Mississippi. It holds the State in check and
control by Congress for some design. That
design is not fully apparent. Although the
State was in, and Congress two years ago
declared it republican in form, yet this proposed
bill will not allow the State to change certain
local laws a3 to schools, voting, office holding,
&c. These conditions may be impotent and
invalid, but they are to be used as pretexts.
They are not altogether approved by members
on the other side; but the country will see
that they always vote thsm. The lash of the
leader compels. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] by accepting these fundamental fool-
eries as to Virginia is in part responsible for
them. He knows better. We acted with him till
he embraced them in the Virginia case. We do
it no more. He feels tlii3; for he traveled
yesterday from here where we sit in pleasant
social neighborhood, to thunder his philippic
into the ear of the other side. He formerly
laughed at these "fundamentals" as futile.
He must see now how significant they are. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
will use them to interfere when and where he
pleases. He threatens interference already in
Tennessee, which has no such conditions and
is as much in the Union as Georgia; already the
Reconstruction Committee are sitting on Ten-
nessee. What will he do hereafter when Geor-
gia grows restive ? Does he not perceive by this
bill that the right to vote is forever fixed as it
now is on Georgia, even beyond the intend-
ment of the fifteenth amendment? All who
are now voters in Georgia shall forever have the
franchise. Aside from "race, color, or pre-
vious condition," the State may hereafter desire
to change the qualifications of her suffragans.
But she cannot unless these conditions are a
brutumfulmen.
So as to office holding, the bill proposes to
extend the tenure of certain officials in Geor-
gia, a stretch of power so insane in its incep-
tion, suicidal in execution, irrational and revo-
lutionary, that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] himself, and almost the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butu:h,] grows re-
luctant. The former indignantly moves to
strike it out. It ties down the people to an
obnoxious set of officers and gives only a dis-
tant hope of relief. But the gentleman forgets
in his useless denunciation, the monstrous out -
rages of this bill, to strike at its petty sins.
' He submits to the fundamentals and tights the
incidentals. He plucks a few feathers from this
high soaring bird of prey and calls it a cooinjj
dove, the bird with an olive branch of peace !
; How can that gentleman denounce this usurp-
' ation of Congress, which extends the tenure
j of office for two, four, or, as he says, fitly
I years, on the same principle, and which upsets
the State judiciary, when he can swallow these
fundamental conditions of perpetual State ser-
vitude? He complains of the links and hugs
the chain! He would save the liinb but would
not shield the vital parts ! lie would oppose
this insidious election by Congress of a Gov-
ernor or Legislature, but would here enact a
code as tothetimeforqualilicationsforoffice—
as to the schools and voters of an independent
State! He should see in these preparations
for a future struggle of States against the par-
liamentary omnipotence here enshrined an
apple of discord. Wars, terrible wars have
come from lighter causes. As to the qualifi-
cations for office, he would keep them perpet-
ually as they are in Georgiaby this bill, although
he must know, as has been shown here, that
voting and office-holding are not necessarily
interdependent, and that no such matter is a
part of the amended Constitution of the United
States. Let the gentleman vote for these fund-
amentals. The Democracy have no interest
in thus throttling States by the inexorable mode
of the Medes and Persians.
But the most pointed commentary on this
bill is seen in the documents on our table. If
bound together they would make an encyclo-
pedia of local personalities and wrangles, in
which opera houses, railroads, peculations,
perjuries, robberies, and usurpations dance in
wild and mazy confusion.
One might suppose that this Congress had
enough to do to look after our legitimate duties.
Is it not enough that our Federal affairs sweep
from Winnipeg to the Gulf; from ocean to
ocean? Must we legislate about the schools of
Virginia as well as the seals of Alaska? We
cannot avoid being engaged about the dead
Piegan squaws and the lively Utah wives; but
why should we forget the coinage, currency,
debt, and taxation to attend to the local mat-
ters of a sham Georgia Legislature? We have
a tariff to study which affects all our interests,
from the peanut of North Carolina, the luxury
of my Bowery constituents, to the steamships
of our people, which are not now seen in New
York. We have to study up the tax on corsets
and tea, shirtings and whisky.
Surely we have enough of general interest
within the scope and purview of our proper
Federal functions, without deciding whether
Blodgett committed perjury or Bullock takes
$2,000,000 a year on a railroad. For my part
I am indifferent between the Bryant-Caldwell
crowd and the Bullock-Blodgett gang. It is
only a Radical row. One faction is a little less
shady than the other. We may have more hopes
of one than the other. One side being out, may
be more patriotic, and the other may gobble up
more. I read from these documents that both
sides claim to be the real Republican party.
Caldwell say3 that "we come here as Repub-
licans, to relate the perils and sacrifices attend-
ing our efforts to establish the Republican
party in Georgiaand yet Caldwell is charged
with offering Bullock his help if Bullock would
make him a long-term Senator. What sacri-
fices I Did Bullock get all under his govern-
ment, and is none left ?
