1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
exercise of extraordinary power. We might
have been very anxious awhile ago to admit
Georgia in order to count the vote of that State
for the constitutional amendment, but that
necessity has passed by. Now, if the people of
Georgia want to cut their throats, if they want
to have lawless violence prevail there, if they will
organize bands to run riot,-as described yester-
day by the Senator from Indiana, let them stay
out of the Union. Let us endeavor to preserve
order there. We have the power over them,
not only to the full extent of the military power
of the United States and the militia of all the
States, but wo have there the local government
in our hands. . We have a Republican Gov-
ernor; we have a Republican Legislature; and
as a provisional government they have all the
power they could have if they were fully
restored to their place in the Union.
Let us, then, provide that this government,
temporary in its character, shallcontinueuntil
next fall, that they shall have a fair election,
and that every man shall be protected in his
right to vote. Then if the majority of the peo-
ple of Georgia pronounce in favor of the Dem-
ocratic party, well and good; if a majority
pronounce in favor of the Republican party,
well and good also; and in either event we
shall be bound to admit the State of Georgia.
Up to this hour, however, I have seen no indi-
cation of such a settled condition of affairs there
as would justify the admission of the State of
Georgia.
Mr. McCREERY. Mr. President, out of
respect to the religious sentiments of a large
and conscientious body of professing Christians,
who regard this day as sacred, I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to know why?
Mr. McCREERY. This is Good Friday.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. I am exceedingly desirous
that we should first have a vole on the proposi-
lion of the Senator from Kansas. That, if
adopted, concludes the whole subject, and there-
fore it is logically first in order. I think myself
it is the true solution of this whole Georgia
question, that it will best give peace and safety
to all classes of people in Georgia, and there-
fore I hope we may have a vote upon this
proposition first. If we vote upon the propo-
sition of the Senator from Nevada, to strike
out the Bingham amendment, we still are re-
quired to vote upon this proposition of the
Senator from Kansas, whereas, if we first
adopt this, it concludes and ends the whole
subject.
But I rose principally to make a suggestion.
There are a number of Senators who desire to
speak. I presume all Senators wish to be here
when the vote is taken. I ask unanimous con-
sent that we may have an understanding, which
can now be had, that we shall take the final
vote upon this proposition, and all amendments
pending and that may be offered, on Monday
at four o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
lan in the chair.) That proposition can only
he entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. WARNER. I do not think we can get
a vote to-day ; and on Monday we cannot get an
understanding to vote on Tuesday or Wednes-
day. Now we can arrive at an understanding
to have a vote on Monday at four o'clock. If
our own friends will consent those on the other
side will agree to take the vote on Monday at
four o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us try to reach it
to-day. I think we can.
Mr. WARNER. I fear that when we reach
four cr five or six o'clock to-day we shall ad-
journ without any understanding, and then we
shall have the whole of next week before us.
Now we can arrive at an understanding, which
will conclude everybody, to vote on Monday
at four o'clock, and that will be the end of the
debate.
Mr. POMEROY 1 think if we can agree
to take a vote on Monday we had better do it.
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. No; let us go
on with the bill now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the proposition of the Senator from
Alabama?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; I object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, it cannot be entertained,
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Mr. President,
I shall occupy the time of the Senate but a few
moments. Afterthelongand interesting debate
upon the bill; participated ill by many of the
ablest jurists in this body, perhaps of the coun-
try , I shall not attempt to deal with the constitu ■
tional points raised in thediscussion. I desire,
however, to add my testimony, if further evi-
dence be needed, to the necessity under which
the Government lies to give protection to the
only friends and supporters which ithas in nearly
one half the peopled territory under its juris-
diction. This obligation rests upon the Gov-
ernment, under the very provisions of the Con-
stitution which are sought to be interposed as
a bar to such protection. It cannot afford to
shrink from its duty in this regard much longer.
If in fact the Constitution forbids such pro- j
tection, except under prescribed forms, and
through the machinery of State governments,
whether such governments be members of the
Union or otherwise, and whether officered by
persons loyal to the United States or enemies
to it, then the instrument should be amended.
It is sheer mockery to promise protection to
the citizen and at the same time to so organ-
ize the local governments as to shield the crim-
inal and deny redress to his victim. What
though the laws, organic and statute, of States
officered by rebels, or enemies of the Govern-
ment, seem on their lace to have grown out
of the Constitution and laws of the United
.States, so thoroughly do they appear to be in
harmony with aud insubordination thereto?
Does any one expect, under such conditions,
to have the laws executed; especially when
the great body of the people, the wealth and
intelligence of the country, are in hearty sym-
pathy with the local officers ? The administra-
tion, nay, the systematic evasion of the law
has become so much a farce throughout the
South that any assumption of an allusion to
the austere majesty which once characterized
the halls of justice only provokes derision.
Criminal courts have almost become objects
of private and public ridicule and contempt.
Are such governments republican either in
form or in fact ? Does a constitution and body
of laws, however unexceptionable, constitute,
in any proper sense, a government?
Notwithstanding the light which the memor-
able events of the last ten years have shed upon
the Constitution, and the important amend-
ments which have in the last half of the decade
been made to that instrument, yet it seems, in
the opinion of many eminent men, to have
undergone no change except as to the status
of the colored race.
The Republic has never been in peril but
that many honest and patriotic men, while
admitting the peril, yet denied the power of
the Government under the Constitution to
meet and grapple legally with the danger.
When, in 1860, the treason of the southern
people was no longer matter for speculation ;
when their local officers and those of the na-
tional Governmenthailmg from the disaffected
region were openly defying the national au- j
thority,while ostensibly in its service and draw- ■
ing pay from its Treasury; while gloom and
despondency pervaded the public mind; when
the Chief Magistrate sat paralyzed under the
threats of his own chosen advisers, waiting the
final dissolution of the Government; even
then many able men could find no grant of
power in the Constitution which would author-
ize or justify the Government in arming for
the suppression of the threatened outbreak.
The States, it was said, could not be attacked
legally by the national Government; and by
many the right evee of defense was denied.
These halting counsels nearly paralyzed the -
Government for many months.- Even the im-
mortal Lincoln, with many of those upon whom.
lie relied for advice, hesitated long and fre-
quently jwhen the exercise of further and greater
powers seemed indispensable to enable -the
authorities to cope with the gathering force and
energy,of the rebel organization. Gradually,
however, the necessities of the Government
obliged it to exercise powers which had up to
that time been considered doubtful. It had been
well if such powers had been recognized aud
exercised sooner and to a greater extent. The
non-execution of tbe law on the part of- the
Federal Government, and its failure to. enforce
the guarantees of the Constitution, violate- in
spirit the provisions of that instrument, as
unmistakably as the exercise of doubtful or
undelegated powers. If the national Govern-
ment cannot give its citizens protection at all
times and everywhere within its own territory
because of the interposition or culpable neglect
of State authority, then it boots little whether
it has any Constitution at all. At least any and
every interpretation of the instrument which
interposes a bar to the speedy and certain pun-
ishment of the wrong-doer and the protection
of every human being who claims it, and who
gives allegiance in turn for its protection,
should be repudiated.
The objections to the constitution of Georgia
on the ground that it permits the present gov-
ernment to perpetuate itself indefinitely in vio-
lation of the Constitution of the United States,
and which the amendment to the bill adopted
in the House was ostensibly designed to correct,
have been adroitly put and argued; but when
we consider that neither the constitution of
Georgia nor that of the United States is the
paramount lawof Georgia while its government
is provisional they are plausible only.
Technically the States lately admitted into
the Union may possibly be beyond the reach
or supervision of the General Government in
the management of their domestic affairs; and
may repudiate and erase from their respective
constitutions the fundamental conditions upon
which they were admitted—conditions imposed
by their own voluntary action in convention.
I will not undertake to say that such is not the
law, because many eminent men say it is; but
I could wish the law were otherwise, and I be-
lieve a majority of the people of the United
States will insist upon a different interpretation
in the future as they have in the recent past.
It is not difficult for able lawyers to place
questions growing out of the various provisions
of the Constitution in such a light, by the sub-
tleties of pleading, as to confuse and embarrass
common minds; but the art of pleading is in-
capable of concealing from the plainest under-
standing the incompatibility of the pretensions
set up by the States with the integrity, or unity
ofthe nation. Some of these States, markyou,
sir, just out of rebellion inaugurated and stub-
bornly fought on this very issue for four long
years. Supreme authority must reside some-
where, and if it resides in the States the Union
is only imaginary. Is this what the contcst of
the last ten years has settled ?
It is melancholy spectacle, Mr. President,
that while we have been refining upon ab-
struse provisions of law for five long years,
quibbling and splitting hairs, the rebels .over
territory large enough for ten States .have
been quite as busy splitting the_ heads of our
friends. And the war is still going on. How
long is it to continue? How long shall the
soldiers of the late confederacy be allowed to
carry and use against their captors the arms
which ought to have been surrendered at Ap-
pomattox ? After the State shall have been
admitted to full representation as a State, then
the existing government goes out at the end
of the regular time for which it was electod,
counting from the date of admission. Nothing
isclearer-to my mind than that the government
of Georgia has been thus far provisional only.
The Bingham amendment is important to
