1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3655
that it m y be applied by way of remedy of the
evils against.wlnch it was intended it is neces*
sary that there should be congressional legis-
lation : that without such legislation it is hut
a mere brutum fulmen, having no operation
or legal effect. I cannot imagine, I confess,
Mr. President, how any well-informed court
of justice could ever come to such a conclusion
touching this amendment. It is simply a pro-
hibition upon the United States, in the first
place, and secondly upon the States, by which
they are both inhibited from passing any act
or resorting to any measure whatever as gov-
ernments which shall either deny or abridge
to citizens of the United States the right to
vote on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude. It is as much a pro-
hibition upon the Federal Government and
upon the legislation of the States as is any
other prohibition contained in the whole instru-
ment. It forbids a certain thing to be done,
either by the Congress of the United States or
by a State, and that thing is the denial or
abridgment of the right to vote on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
That is all there is of it.
It is a prohibition upon the two Govern-
ments, the Federal and the State Government,
by which they are respectively disabled from
passing any act by which this evil shall be
created or encouraged. It does not, in terms,
relate to the conduct of mere individuals, and
a very " strict construction " court of justice
might, as I can well conceive, refuse to apply the
real principles of the amendment to the case
of individuals who themselves, as mere indi-
viduals, and not as authorized by Governments
or Government officers, should undertake to
deny or prevent to a colored man the exercise
of his right of suffrage; and I have some fear,
1 confess, that owing to the peculiar phrase-
ology of this amendment some courts may
give it that strict, and, in my judgment, narrow
construction.
But I do not think that when Congress passed
this amendment and laid it before the States
they intended to confine its operation solely to
the legislation of Congress by way of prohibi-
tion, or to do the same thing in reference to
State legislation. They entertained broader
views, 'iheir intention and purpose were, be-
yond a doubt, for I witnessed all the discussion '
that took place in the Senate, to secure to the
colored man by proper legislation, the right to !
go to the polls and quietly and peacefully
deposit his ballot there. ;
What may be ultimately the construction to
lie placed upon this clause by the Supreme
Court of the United States I shall not under-
take to say. But I repeat that I have a fear
that courts of justice in the States, and espe-
cially in the southern States, may give it that
narrow construction, and refuse to apply the
remedies which are proper in the case to pun-
ish individuals for interrupting, preventing,
delaying, or hindering the colored man from
the peaceful and free exercise of his right of
suffrage; which was the great object we had
in view in proposing this amendment to the
people of the United States.
Against sacli a construction of the amend-
ment 1 take this occasion to protest. It is not
in harmony with the views of the advocates
and friends of the amendment, and if carried
not by courts the clause itself will be stripped
in a large degree of that remedial and pro-
tective justice which was in the minds of its
au'.hors when it was under discussion in these
Chambers.
I hope, Mr. President, that the honorable
Senator from Nevada will also consent to strike
out the eleventh sectiou of his substitute. It
provides that the President of the United
■States may order and direct a judge of a cir-
cuit court to leave his place of business and to
{,'<> to some other locality for the purpose of
holding his court and bringing before him per-
sons who may be offenders against the provis-
ions of this btatute. I hardly think it worth
while to incorporate so unusual a clause in the
act. It will give rise to much comment, much
censure, much inconvenience. Let offenses
against this statute be prosecuted and pun-
ished in the usual way, by the usual means
I furnished by law, as in other cases.
Mr. STEWART. I will say to the Senator
that I do not attach very much importance to
the eleventh section.
Mr. HOWARD. I know the honorable Sen-
ator does not; and I think it would bo of no
real benefit.
' Mr. STEWART. I am willing to modify
the substitute and leave out the eleventh sec-
tion.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER, (Mr. Wabneu
in the chair.) The substitute will be so mod-
ified if there be no objection. It is so modified.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 think the honorable Sen-
ator had better modify also somewhat the
twelfth section, which authorizes the employ-
1 ment by the President of military force lor the
protection of the voter.
Mr. STEWART. I would not like to make
any modification in that respect now. I wish
the Senator would reserve that.
Mr. HOWARD. I am merely making a
suggestion to the Senator. I think I would
i modify the twelfth section also, so astodefine
1 exactly the duly of the military authorities
when they shall be thus employed by the Pres-
ident to protect the ballot-box, or to protect
the right of citizens to vote or to register.
I have no fear that this power in the Pres-
ident of the United States to employ the mili-
tary force to protectee helpless voter in the
exercise of his right will ever be abused. On
the other baud, I think that if any occasion
can arise during times of peace in the United
States when it would be proper to employ the
" protecting and tutelary authority of the mili-
! tary arm it would be to secure to the colored
i man, and to the while man also, having the
right to vote, the opportunity to go to the polls
and quietly deposit his vote. All the appre-
hension that has been expressed in regard to
military despotism to grow out of this clause
is, in my judgment, the merest moonshine.
Congress has exercised a similar power in
j numerous instances, as you will find by con-
sulting the statutes.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I understand the Sen-
ator to say that Congress has exercised this
power in numerous instances—the power to
send troops around the ballot-box.
Mr. HOWARD. Not, perhaps, to surround
the ballot-box. but for the purpose of prevent-
ing public disorder, riots, and bloodshed. For
instance, I know that the honorable Senator
from Ohio, if in his heart and conscience he
believed in the righteousness and justice of
colored suffrage, would be among the first to
say that in the case of mob violence attempted
with a view to deter colored voters from the
polls he would be the first to grant to the
President of the United States authority to
employ 4he military arm to prevent the vio-
lence and to secure and protect the voter in
the exercise of his right. That is all that is
contemplated here; and without it, my appre-
hensiou is that there will be numerous in-
stances in the southern States where colored
voters will be completely deterred and kept
away from the polls by the interference of that
class of men who have so long held them in
bondage, and who still regard them with feel-
ings of hatred and ill-will, because they (the
blacks) were the occasion of the great war in
which the slaveholders were signally over-
thrown and crushed.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Lest silence might give
consent to what he supposes in respect to my-
self, I wish to say to him that I would not give
to any man living, to any man that ever did
live or ever will live, the power of his mere
will, without consulting anything but the dic-
tates of his own will, to surround the ballot-
boxes of this country with the troops of the
United States. Nor do I believe there is tin-
least necessity for it. I believe the State au-
thorities are quite sufficient under the Stale
laws to protect the ballot-box. Nor ami will-
ing that the military arin of the United States
shall be used, except according to the Consii-
tution, when there are cases of insurrection or
domestic violence, and the President is called
upon, pursuant to law, to furnish aid to the
State tosuppressinsurrection or violence which
the State authorities are not able to suppress.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, Mr. President, 1
should regret extremely to see it become habit-
ual in this country to surround the ballot-box
by an armed force, especially if the object of
the force was to deter and repel from the exer-
cise of the rights of suffrage citizens of the
United States who were entitled to that right.
But that is not this case. The object of this
provision is plain and simple. It is to protect
the voter in the exercise of his right, by em-
ploying a sufficient military force in cases of
exigency to drive off and to disperse mobs
and assemblages of men who are or may be
banded together for the purpose of preventing
the colored man from exercising his right of
suffrage. That is the purpose and that is the
only purpose of the clause. Can any rigtit-
ininded man object to it?
Now, Mr. President,' suppose a case that
may possibly happen in the not far-off future,
where a ballot-box is surrounded in a southern
State, not by a military force of the United
States with the uniform and arms of the nation
glittering upon them, but by a mob of seces-
sionists or infuriated Democrats banded to-
gether to prevent the colored citizens from
depositing their votes? Has the honorable
Senator from Ohio no outcry to make against
such an outrage? Of course he has. But sun-
pose the State in which this scene happens to
take place has a Governor and other author-
ities who are not disposed to interfere at all—
and that event may happen; it is not among
the impossibilities of the future, nor even
among the improbabilities of the future. Sup-
pose it should take place; would the honorable
Senator from Ohio say that it would be im-
proper for the President of the United States
to employ a small squad of men to present
their compliments as well as their bayonets
to this mob, disperse thetn, and see to it that
the colored men enjoy the right to go to the
polls and deposit their votes? He makes no
response to that question, and I Bhall not there-
fore press it.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator says I make
no response. Pardon me; I was conversing
with a gentleman here, and I did not hear his
supposititious case.
Mr. HOWARD. I will repeat it. My ques-
tion was whether in case the polls should be
surrounded by a mob of persous banded to-
gether for the purpose of preventing colored
men from voting, and the State authorities
should refuse to interfere to disperse this mob,
would not the Senator be willing to see the
President employ the military force of the
United States to disperse the mob and secure
the right to vote to the colored man ; or would
he stand quietly by and say, "Let the thing
pass ; do not interfere ; let these black citizens
be deprived of their votes, and let this be done
to thousands rather than employ half a dozen
bayonets to disperse the assailants and secure
the right of votingto the blacks?" For myself,
sir, I prefer military interference to mob vio
lence.
Mr. THURMAN. As the Senator from
Michigan has invited an answer to his ques-
tion I suppose it is agreeable to him that 1
shall give it now. It will be very brief. In the
first place, then, I have to say that we
not to put the hypothetical case of a colored
