2712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
Georgia; important as well to the other ten
rebel States brought into the Union under the
reconstruction laws; important to the national
Government, inasmuch as it asserts a princi-
ple which, if adopted, will render nugatory all
the guarantees which the Government has ex-
acted of the people lately in rebellion in the
shape of fundamental conditions upon their
admission into the Union. It is so understood
by the rebel populations of the southern States,
and has in fact been so treated substantially
upon this floor and in the other end of the
Capitol by many Republicans, as well as by the
Opposition. Its adoption would completely
undo what little has been accomplished in the
way of reuniting the shattered members of the
Union.
Several of the States whose constitutions
were framed by loyal men in the interest
of humanity and in harmony with the ideas
and creed of the Republican party, could not
have ratified them without the amendment of
the law, and then in some cases only by the
aid of those who despised both the Govern-
ment and the constitutions. But as the latter
offered the only means of entering the Union,
and inasmuch as once in, according to Demo-
cratic opinion, the States or the people would
again be master of the situation, they voted to
ratify. When the loyal people of the South
were invited by the Republican party to un-
dertake the organization of civil government
on the basis of the reconstruction laws they
did not expect to be met on the very threshold
of their entrance by Republicans who had
helped to enact those laws with the declaration
that all the advantages which the loyal men
secured in the organic laws of their States
would at once be open to revision by the rebels
immediately upon the admission of the Stales.
It is worse than a mockery—nay, sir, it will
seal the doom of many men who took an active
part in so shaping the organic laws of their re-
spective States as to protect their own and the
friends of the Governmentagainst rebel malice.
If adopted, it will be the death-knell of the Re-
publican party south of the Potomac. The
rebels will lake possession of every local gov-
ernment by fait- or foul means. The people
in that region will again be a unit, or seem to
be, for none will be found bold enough to raise
liis voice again when death orbanislimentwould
be the penalty. Senators need not flatter them-
selves that the rebels will not understand the
full significance of theconcession made intlieir
interest, and the reasons for making it; and
they will speedily avail themselves of the lib-
erty granted them in changing their respective
constitutions and governments not only, but
go far enough in all probability to disgust even
moderate Democrats in the North and West.
As to the merits or demerits of the respective
parties whose representatives are here from
Georgia, no doubt but something may be said
for and against both, at least individual mem-
bers of both. It is notorious, however, that
while one party is supported with great unan-
imity by the rebel element, the other is with
equal ardor and unanimity supported by the
Republicans, colored and white. I desire not
to inquire beyond this great fact. It is to my
mind conclusive. Both the rebels and the
freedmen are capital judges in such cases.
They, neither of them, are in the habit of mak-
ing mistakes in the selection of their friends or
allies.
I shall vote to strike off the amendment
sent here from the House, and support that
proposed by the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Drake.] not yetbefore the Senate.
It would be, in my judgment, the most valua-
ble contribution yet made to the reconstruction
measures. It would produce a great howl of
indignation both South and North,-but its
effec's would be visible in a week. Let the
enemies of the Government rave; they never
shout so lustily as when hit in a tender place.
The measure is denounced as a monstrous
wrong, nay, outrage upon innocent people,
who would be held responsible for the acts of
bad men over whom they had no control. It
may look harsh to some, but it is God's law.
He destroyed Sodom, including the property
of the righteous, for offenses of a lower grade
than many communities in the South have
almost daily committed, or have sheltered
those who did commit them. And who shall
say the judgments of the Almighty were either
harsh or impolitic ; who shall say what influ-
ence the execution of the decree upon the de-
voted city may have had upon other people?
If the citizens of a community will not turn
out to put down murderers in their midst, even
when they have no sympathy with thecriminals,
they ought to be made to do so for the benefit
of society. But when the whole community
not only sympathize with the perpetrators of
crime, but harbor, shelter, and protect them
against the officers of the law, then I hold them
to be in no sense better than the criminals
whom they shelter. If some good men shall
suffer,as surelythey would,thequestion remains
whether they would suffer less or more by the
rigor of the measures adopted.
In many sections of the country chiefs or
captains of gangs are, or were but recently,
frequently seen at the head of one or two hun-
dred men, heavily armed and disguised, and a
stranger would suppose the forces permanent
military commands, or at least commands on
public duty ; but though mounted and their ani-
mals always in good condition they have no
commissariat, no quartermaster, nor has any
one known to have sold them either provisions
or provender, nor yet do they steal. No sign
of encampment has ever been found on the
line of their march. The communities in which
they operate pretend not to know who they are
or whence they come. They speak of them as
desperate characters who have drifted in from
other States and who are too strong for the
citizens, who affect to stand m awe of them.
But really they are not strangers, except when
in disguise. They rise up fully armed and
equipped in the very community where the
cliief proposes to operate, and when the work
is done the force disbands and disappears. The
community absorbs them completely. Each
member returns to his own home, or if per-
chance a stranger be among tliera he finds a
seat at every table, a bed in every house, and
a horse ready saddled in every stable to aid in
his escape if pursued.
The next business in order after a victim is
dispatched is to hold a public meeting and
pass indignation resolutions, and to offer their
services to the authorities to ferret out and
apprehend the perpetrators of the crime. What
will you do with such people? Would it not
be wise to sharpen the eyes and scent of such
communities in the pursuit of criminals by
taxing them with the cost of keeping the peaee
among them ? It might and doubtless would
fall hardly upon some good men, but good
men can and must bear such burdens for the
good of their country. They did so during the
war. They shared in all the calamities which
fell upon the guilty, and much more in fact,
for they weie the peculiar objects of attack
and plunder at the hands of their own people
and Government during the period of active
hostilities, and have since the surrender, in
respect to burdens and losses, been put upon
a level with the hostile element.
This general statement of the rule in regard
to the lawless spirit rife among the people en-
gaged in the late rebellion, and the feebleness
and inefficiency of the governments established
over them applies and is intended to apply to
the period intervening between the surrender
of the confederate armies and the inauguration
of the present Chief Magistrate. The spirit is
still there, and unabated, but has been to some
extent kept in check through a wholesome
dread of military commissions during the past
year. It would be uncandid not to admit that
great improvement bad been made within the
year, down to a recent period ; it is far from a
state of peace or security just now, and is
growing worse every day. There are many
honorable_ exceptions to the rule in almost
every section of the country during the whole
period, good but negative men, too few in
numbers, and for the most part too timid to
brave public opinion; afraid to endanger their
lives and property by an open denunciation of
conduct which they heartily condemned.
It has been suggested in the course of this
debate by honorable Senators on the other side
of the Chamber that the very stringent provis-
ions of the reconstruction laws and the rigid
manner in which those laws have been enforced
by the respective military commanders are the
main causes which have organized the southern
people-in hostility to the'national Government,
i e., if any organization, hostile or otherwise,
exists, which is denied. Now, nothing, Mr.
President, is better understood throughout the
country than that whatever powers may or may
not have been conferred by the laws upon the
respective military commanders of the several
districts, their governments were in no proper
sense military governments. The generals,
scarcely without an exception, left intact the
rebel State governments which they found on
taking command, and allowed them to remain
in office during the process of reconstruction,
giving to the State organizations full scope and
action in all matters civil and criminal, except
in legislation, and on further- exception, in
extreme cases of manifest dereliction and con-
nivance on the part of the civil officials with
criminals, when the military interposed ; and
even in those cases the State authorities, during
the Presidency of Mr. Johnson, managed to
carry the day against the military, instead of
being controlled by it.
The statement made by tho honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr.WiLSOX,] in liis
remarks upon this bill the other day, touching
the number of men who have been murdered
in the South since the close of the war, ap-
peared by some to be doubted. He expressed
the belief that the number of men murdered
in the southern States since the close of the
\var on account of their political sentiments
exceeded tho number killed in any single en-
gagement during its continuance. I do not
recollect the greatest number who fell upon
any one battle-field, but I am sure the gentle-
man's estimate is quite moderate. Accuracy
of statement in regard to the matter is not pos-
sible, because no account has been kept, so far
as I know, even of the published and notorious
cases. Many cases have been filed and other
proof collected by the military, but certainly
not half. Not less than ten thousand loyal
hearts have ceased to beat since the surrender
of Lee's army within the limits of the late con-
federacy simply because they were true to the
Government. And how many of the murder-
ers have been punished? Can any one outside
surmise? 1 fear not; nor would all even on
this floor believe were tho truth accurately
stated. The very small number of arrests made
and the still smaller number of convictions had
would be as incredible as the very large number
of homicides committed. The military govern-
ments have been very mild, notwithstanding
the harshness with which they have been char-
acterized. It is from this cause rather than
from the abuse of power that most of the evils
in the South have sprung. The people in that
region having been long accustomed to the
exercise of power, respect it when they respect
little else.
The military government established in New
Orleans and adjacent parishes in 1862 and 1863
was a model which it had been well if the Gov-
ernment had adopted in all the territory sur-
rendered to the Union forces at the close of the
war. It was economical, efficient, and emi-
nently humane. It put a stop to the flow of
human blood and to vagrancy and lawlessness,
as wellas to disease. It commanded the respect
of all at home and abroad. Many hated, to be
sure, but none despised. We should have had
