5544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13>
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. I only want to say that
these claims come up on the frontier settle-
ments from the poorest class of persons we
have, men who move on to the extreme verge
of civilization in order to get homesteads on
the public lands. They come, from Iowa in
their little wagon's with two or three cows and
a span of horses, and make a little cabin, and
get their families about them, there undertak-
ing to make a settlement and a homestead,
and the'Senator represents that they let those
horses and those few cows go out among the
Indians for the sake of getting a claim against
this Government-!
Mr. President, there cannot bo a greater
imputation cast upon honest poor men than
to represent them as depriving themselves of
their horses,' of their cows, of their little stock,
and being left forty or one hundred miles away
from other settlers, for the sake of a claim
that they may prosecute here ye'ar by year and
then never get thirty per cent, of it.
Mr. President, every one of these claims
which the Senator says we do not know any-
thing about has in the first place been proven ;
secondly taken to the council of the Indians
and confessed and proved by the Indians in
council and approved, judgment rendered by
them so far as an Indian council can render a
judgment; and then they are brought to the
Department and undergo another scrutiny;
and finally, after a yead- or two's struggle, the
Secretary of the Interior sifts them down, re-
commends something to be paid, generally
perhaps ten dollars on a hundred. And now,
after the thing has been reduced to this, they
come in here, and the Senator says, "We do
not know anything about these claims; set-
tlers out there drive out their stock in order
to let the Indians get it," and in that way
throws discredit on this whole transaction. I
say I can consent better that these men should
lose their property than that they should be
slandered in the American Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask the
Senator whether this claim has been examined
by any committee ?
! Mr. POMBROY. This claim has been first
Confessed, I say, in council 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask whether
it has been examined by any committee of the
Senate?
Mr. POMEROY. By no committee of this
Senate. The law provides that the Secretary
of the Interior shall examine and adjudicate
and award.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Has the Sec-
retary of the Interior sent any communication
to Congress in relation to it?
Mr. POMEROY. He has. This claim came
here with a communication of the Secretary of
the Interior recommending its payment, and
saying that he had adjudicated and passed upon
it under the law, and there was so much due
the people and they were entitled to payment.
I merely want a vote of the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope we
shall not be kept up all night upon these con-
tested claims. Last night we did not get away
till after midnight. To-morrow we shall have
to sit up all night. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, with so many con-
ference committees, is almost worn out, and it
is impossible for him to attend four conference
committees at once and manage this bill here;
and 1 hope the Senator from Kansas will with-
draw this claim until it has been examined by
a committee of the Senate and received its
approval.
Mr. WILLIAMS. • I objected to this amend-
ment last night, and it was withdrawn; and I
renew my objection to-night for the reason
that I think it contains a provision repealing
the law providing for the payment out of the
annuities which has not yet passed Congress,
and it is not known whether or not that bill
will become a law, and it seems to me that
this legislation is altogether premature.
Suppose the committee of conference should
not agree to that amendment to the Indian
appropriation bill, then the law stands as it has
heretofore stood; and these claims will be paid
out of the annuities due to the Indians; and
then there is no necessity for this legislation.
But if the conference committee should agree
to that amendment, then there might be some
necessity for this legislation, in case it is found
to be iust and equitable. I think this legisla-
tion is premature, and that before we proceed
to inaugurate a system of this kind it is desirable
that we should have more accurate information
on the subject.
A resolution ought to be introduced, and the
Secretary of the Interior directed to communi-
cate to Congress these claims and the condition
of the claims, so that Congress may know as
to their amounts and as to their nature, and we
may have some knowledge as to what we are
doing and not legislate altogether in the dark,
as we are if we pass this amendment. Certainly
the claims will keep until the next session of
Congress; they will not be extinguished or
barred at all.
While I do not undertake to say that some
such legislation may not be equitable as to
claims that have been established before the
Interior Department, I must be permitted to
say that it seems to me there is too much haste
about proceeding to appropriate moneys di-
rectly out of the Treasury to pay for Indian
depredations. I know very well that if that
door is opened there will bo a draft upon the
Treasury of the United States which will as-
tonish everybody, and this may be a danger-
ous precedent. I know of hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars of such claims, I perhaps might
say millions, existing in the State where I live;
because there have been Indian wars and Indian
depredations there ever since the country was
settled. }Ve ought to proceed carefully in this
matter, or we may establish a precedent which
will compel us to pay for Indian depredations
committed everywhere in the United States ;
and if we are bound to that policy, then we may
expect to see the money flow out by hundreds
of thousands of dollars to persons who produce
these claims.
I do not express any opinion upon this legis-
lation at this time, except that 1 think it is a
little too early to begin before we know whether
the Indian appropriation bill passes or not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 hope we may
have a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Aw-
thon'y.) The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Kansas, [Mr.
Ross.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROSS. I offer the following amend-
ment; 1 do not propose to debate it; but I
present it to the Senate :
Sec. —. And he it farther enacted, That it shall ho
tlio duty of the Secretary of the Interior to cause an
enumeration to be made of the families ot the sev-
eral scouts, either of Mcdawakanton, Waupakoota,
Sisseton, or Wahpeton bands of Sioux, who were in
the military service and borne on the roils ot assist-
ant quarteimasters in tho military district ot Min-
nesota, trom !Sfi2 t,o 1865 inclusive, which rolls are
now of record m the office ol the Third Auditor of
the Treasury, (an official lr-t of which scouts is there-
unto attached,) and to pay to said scouts and their
families an amount, equal to the pro rata share
they would have been entitled to under tho treaties
of 1337, 1851, and 1538, from June 30,1861, to June 30,
1871, for money, annuities, school and agricultural
funds, goods, provisions, and all other stipulations
ot said treaties, had not tho same been confiscated
by tho act of Congress approved February lb, 1863,
entitled "An act for tho relief of persons for dam-
ages sustained by reason of depredations and in-
juries by certain bands of Sioux Indians,'' and
where any of said scouts shall have died smcc the
said scrvico the share of such deceased scouts shall
be paid to their respective widows or children, under
tho direction of the Secretary of the Interior.
Se<\— And be it further enacted, That to enable
tho Secretary of the Interior to carry out the pro-
visions of the foregoing section, he is authorized to
devote to said payments the proceeds ot the sale of
the Sioux reservation in Minnesota and JJakota.
authorized to be sold by the act approved March 3,
1863, entitled "An act for the removal of the Si^e-
ton, Wahpeton, Medavv'akantOD, and u aupakoota
bands of Siou<i or Dakota Indians, and lor tho dis-
position of their lands in Minnesota and Dakota,"
and any provisions of said act or of any am6ndm6nt
thereto containing the provisions of this act are
hereby declared to be inoperative until the said pay-
ments to said scouts and their families shall have
been made as horeinbeforespecified: Provided, That
the Secretary of the Interior shall cause said pay-
ments to be made in such manner as will best pro-
mote the improvement of said scouts, and as nearly
in conformity to the provisions of thoseveral treaties
thereinbefore referred to as the condition and wants
of said scouts and their families will permit.
Sec. —. A nd be it further enacted. That m consid-
eration of the uninterrupted loyalty and friendship
of said scouts during and subsequent to the Indian
outbreak in Minnesota in 1862, the provisions of the
said act, approved February 16,1863, are hereby so
modified as not to apply to said scouts and their fami-
lies; and the Secretary of tho Interior shall nere-
after make annual estimates for a prorata share of
all annuities of whatsoever kind arising under said
treaties of 1837,1851, and 1858, for the benefit of said
scouts and their families, to be paid to them or ex-
pended for their benefit in accordance with the pro-
visions of saicl treaties.
This is recommended by the Secretary of the
Interior, and very earnestly requested.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask my friend
whether this is not a private claim 1
Mr. ROSS. There are about seven or eight
hundred Indians embraced in it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The question
as to whether it is a private claim does not
depend on the number of persons, but the
character of the claim. This is a claim, as I
understand, for parties against the Govern-
ment, on account of having served as scouts.
I know nothing about the merits of it, but it
seems to me it is a claim on the part of some
Indians for some supposed services rendered
to tho Government.
Mr. ROSS. This is not in consideration for
services rendered, but these Indians simply ask
us to give them the proceeds of their lands,
which are now being sold day by day, in lieu
of the moneys which belonged to them and
which were confiscated during the Sioux rebel-
lion in 1863. There are some one hundred
and sixty or one hundred and seventy of these
Indians, with their families, numbering seven
or eight hundred in all, who remained loyal to
the Government at that time; and my advices
state that they rendered very essential service
in the protection of the settlements in Minne-
sota during that rebellion. AH they ask is
that they shall receive the proceeds of this
land to make up the money taken from them
at that time. It takes iio money out of the
Treasury, but simply 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What committee
recommends it?
Mr. ROSS. No committee ; but the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I make the
point of order that it is not in order.
Mr. ROSS. It is not an appropriation, as
I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) The Chair now understands
that there is no appropriation called for by
the amendment. A private claim cannot be
put on an appropriation bill if it is proposed
to pay it by an appropriation ; but if it is merely
legislation, that may be received.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is all wrong.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We will vote
it down.
Tho amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I olfer the following amend-
ment as an additional section to the bill:
And he it further enacted. That all laws and parts
of laws which tend in any way to impair the legal
effcctof the late Piesident Lincoln's pardons or am-
nesties, or to take away the jurisdiction of any court
to enforce the legal effect of any pardon issued by
President Lincoln, or ot any amnesty oath authorized
to bo taken by the proclamations of the said Presi-
dent Lincoln, issued in p irsuance of any act of Con-
gress, bo, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. DRAKE. That is " Monsieur Tonson
come again." Tho very effort that was made
last night to repeal a law that we enacted at
til's session is now renewed to night; and I only
need t-> call the attention of the Senate to it.
Mr. BAYAllD. I think it is a very excel-
lent effort, and I think that it had better be
