4600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
mountains hundreds and thousands of reetuits
who entered the Union Afmy. Respectable
citizens ahd officers of the Army certify to the
facts in this case. It appears also that he was
imprisoned on account of his services.
Mr. STOKES. I call for the previous qufes-
tion.
The previous question Wad seconded and the
main question ordered.
The hill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third tiiae; and being engrossed, it was
i accordingly read the third time, and passed.
■ Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reCbnsidet- be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported adversely on the
following bills, petitions, and memorials; and
the same were laid on the table:
Petition of Mrs. Janet II. De Kay, of New
York, for compensation due Commodore De
Kay;
Petition of M. G. Tarrh, of South Caroliha,
for taking census of 1800;
Petition of Jones, Brown & Co., Of Tennes-
see, for rent of property by United States
military authority;
Petition of Swayne, Coleman & Alston, of
Tennessee, for rent of property by United
States military authority;
Petition of the heirs of Philip Dove, of
Tennessee, for pay for military services ;
Petition of S. II. Adams, Lewis Bailey,
Andrew \V. F. Carter, and Richard Sothern,
of Virginia, for damages to real property by
the United Stales military;
Petition of James II. Tinsley, of Kentucky,
for pay for military services;
Petition of Thomas IT. Mules, of Maryland,
for commissary supplies;
Petition of H. 0. Rogers, of New York, for
special relief;
Petition of George Calvert, of Maryland, for
losses by United States military authority;
Petition of Jacob Schlandecker, of Ala-
bama, for services as informer of internal rev-
enue frauds;
Petition of Mrs. Emily C. Bryant, of Vir-
ginia, for compensation for supplies for the
Army;
Petition of Mrs. Anna M. Muller, of Wis-
consin, for husband's pay for military service ;
Petition of Augusta W. Norton, of Maine,
for pay for husband's services as consul ;
A bill (H. II. No. 943) for the relief of
William H. Moss, postmaster at Clarksvillo,
Missouri;
Petition of the Baptist Church of Tulla-
hoina county, Tennessee, for damages to prop-
erty;
Petition of George Vogwill, of Illinois, for
compensation for use of Camp Tyler, Chicago ;
Petition of Foster & Smith, of Illinois, for
use of real property by United States military
authority;
A bill (H. R. No. 1523) for the relief of
Joseph Braden, register land office, Chariton,
Iowa;
Petition of Mrs. A. M. Slaughter, of Vir-
ginia, for supplies taken by the Army of the
United States;
A bill (II. R. No.. 1506) for the relief of
Charles P. Elgin, of Mississippi ;
Petition of Lieutenant George II. Wright,
United States Army, for relief from loss of
public money ;
Petition of the Delaware Mutual Safety
Insurance Company, for loss of a $1,000 Uni-
ted States bond;
A bill (H. R. No. 1629) for the relief of
the First National Bank, Greenfield, Ohio;
PetitioaofA. G. Booth, Brownsville, Penn-
sylvania, for services as assessor ot internal
revenue;
Petition of William F. Frazier, District ol
Columbia, for loss of property taken by mil-
itary authority;
A bill [n. R. No. 1114) for the relief of
Peter McGough, late collector of internal rev-
enue, Pennsylvania ;
MefaOrial of George II. Rupp, of Ohio, for a
$100 check lost in the United States mail;
Memorial of H. McCortoick, District of
Columbia, for extra pay as clerk of Interior
Department; aiid
A bill (H. R. No. 1309) for the relief of
Timothy Baker.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. STOKES. I ask the gentleman not to
insist on his motion, but to allow me to present
some adverse reports.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. STOKES, from the Committee of Claims,
reported adversely on the following petition and
bill ; and the Same were severally laid on the
table :
Petition of Josiah Curtis, late surgeon United
States Army; and
Bill (U. R. No. 538) for the relief of Thomas
M. Redd, of Kentucky.
OPINION'S OF TUB ATTORNEY GENERAL.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported the follow-
ing resolution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Rcxohed, Xh:it the Clork of the House of Repre-
sentatives bo dirceted to furnish the published opin-
ions of tilo Attorney Ueneral of the UniteihStulosior
the itseot the Committee of Claims in their eoimnit-
tce-roonl.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMassaehusetts. Iylold
now to my colleague on the committee from
New Hampshire, [Mr. lit,a.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I insist on my motion
to adjourn.
The question Was put; and there.were ou a
division—-ayes twenty-eight.
Before the count was completed,
Mr. BENJAMIN withdrew the motion to
ailj ourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I renew it.
I'he question was taken on Mi1. Eldridcg's
motion, to adjourn; and there Were—ayes
twenty-seven, noes not counted.
So the House refused to adjourn.
CAPTAIN WILLIAM O. SIDES.
Mr. ELA, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a joint resolution (H. H. No. 337) for
the relief of Captain William O. Sides; wliich
was read a first and secohd time.
'The question was on ordering the joint res-
olution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was read. It directs
that the sum of $140 be paid, out of any moneys
it! the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
Captain William O. Sides, as a captain in com-
mand of a detachment of the Veteran Reserve
corps, statioiied at Hampton hospital, in the
State of Virginia, and in charge of stores at
that place in the months of July and August,
1854, after his resignation had been accepted,
and previous to his being relieved from duty.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ELA moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsidcr be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BARBARA SCHORR.
Mr. ELA also, from Ihe same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 22-54) for the relief
of Barbara Schorr, of Cincinnati, Ohio ; which
Was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bili to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue and deliver to Barbara Schorr, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, bonds of the United States
in lieu of two ten forty bonds of the denomina-
tion of $1,000, each numbered, respectively,
24042 and 24943, dated 11th March, 18b4, and
the Coupons thereof collected t6 September*
1807, which ate alleged to have beeti destroyed
by fire November ID, 1867, ufibn the salt
Barbara Schorr's executing to the United
States and delivering to the Secretary of the
Treasury a satisfactory bond of indemnity
against the existence and futute presentation
of said bonds and coupons for redemption ot
^T'he'bill was ordered to be engrossed atld
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, atid passed.
Mr. ELA moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsidei' be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELA. I desire to report from the com-
mittee another joint resolution, to be put on its
passage. .
Mr. ELDRIDG13, I must Object. There is
no quorum present. 'Phis is a vicious systenl
of legislation, to pass bills without a quorum
being present. I insist that there shall be no
further legislation till there is a quorum in the
House.
Air. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Will
the gentleman not -allow us to put in our
adverse reports?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have no objection to
adverse reports.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Ml'. STRONG, from the Committee of
Claims, reported adversely on the following
petition and bill; and the same were severally
laid on the table :
Petition of 1/aniam Plummer, president of
the Equitable Insunuice Company, for pay-
ment of claim for the loss of the Madeira; and
Bill {II. R. No. 402) for the relief of thg
sureties of J. W. Cowell, late collector of the
filth United States internal revenue district of
Pennsylvania.
Mr. IJOCKERY, from the Committee of
Claims, reported adversely on the following
ca.ses ; atid the same were severally laid on the
table:
Papers in the case of Jacob J. Countryman,
of Lee county;
Bill (II. it. No. 440) for the relief of the
sureties of William B. Maun ; and
Petition of Ellis & Brother; Washington,
District of Columbia, praying an equitable set-
tlement of their claim for iron works.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Simpson,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate
had rescinded their resolution requesting the
House to return to the Senate a bill (S. No.
401) relating to the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinon?, from the Commit-
tee of Claims, reported adversely upon the fol-
lowing ; and the same were laid on the table:
Claim of George Morrison, for loss Of horse,
&c.;
Claim of James Willey, ofNewark, Ohio, for
value of buggy and harness; and
Claim of John B. Wolfe, of Colorado.
1UCIIARD 51. IIODCSON.
Mr. STILES, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that the
same do pass. House bill No. 1277, for the
relief of Richard M. Hodgson.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bil^, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of $330 to Richard M. Hodgson, in full for
clothing and personal effects lost on the United
States steam transport on which he was a pas-
senger en route to a hospital, having been
wounded at Vicksburg.
