456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
to California and investigate this matter, as I
am informed, brought a large number of sam-
ples of this very spirit here for analyzation, and
they are at the Department now, and on that
analyzation the Department formed its opinion.
Still, I do not propose to go into that matter.
I simply say it is wiser to leave this subject
where the law has placed it and not involve
ourselves, either the one way or the other, in
these controversies of the "whisky ring."
Parties have got rights as well as the Govern-
ment, and we ought not to interpose our power
.for delay or in any other way, so that parties
shall be mined where the Commissioner of
the Internal Revenue, the Secretary of the
Treasury concurring, declares there is no cause
for a seizure. I think, therefore, it is wise,
eminently wise, to leave the law as it stands;
and if these parties desire the opinion of the
Secretary of the Treasury they can have it.
The papers are now before him. He will not
decide it while this resolution is pending here.
In conclusion, sir, I desire to say that I
believe we have no man in this Government of
higher integrity than Columbus Delano.
I now move to indefinitely postpone the
joint resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I wish
to say but a few words in regard to this matter,
and chiefly because the charges now made in-
volve very seriously the integrity of a gentle-
man who is known to most Senators present,
and whom I know as a thoroughly honest man.
This case will justify the reluctance with which
a man who has any regard for his own reputa-
tion would accept the office of Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. If every person who is
disappointed in getting an office, every person
who is disappointed in a decision made by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, can bring
the matter before the Senate and make all sorts
of charges against that officer, how can we
expect any gentleman with a due regard to his
own reputation to accept the office ?
The Commissioner has spoken to me in
regard to this matter and feels exceedingly
sensitive about this resolution. He sees upon
the files of the Senate and before the Senate
a resolution arraigning his private character,
ne demanded and insisted that I should call
the resolution up for action so that he might
either be convicted or else be acquitted. i\s
a matter of course, in the pressure of business,
I could not call up a personal matter of this
kind, especially in the face of the declaration
of the Senator from California that he intended
to call it up and make it the basis of some
remarks. Tn the mean time the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue has been laboring under
the smart, the sting of this reproach against
his integrity; for that is the way he regards it,
and so would I were I in his place.
The truth is the whole of this case is in a
nut-shell. An officer of the revenue—not, I
believe, the collector, but some subordinate
officer—seized a large amount of whisky that
was in course of transportation from New York
to San Francisco, amounting to some four
thousand barrels. If that seizure was right
the property would be confiscated and sold,
and, as a matter of course, the owners of the
property would be entirely deprived of it, and
would have to pay heavy penalties. If it was
wrongly seized the Government became re-
sponsible for all the damages and all the con-
sequences of personal injury to the persons
who owned this property. Here was a very
important matter. The first thing that Mr.
Delano did on receiving intelligence of this
seizure was at once to sustain the officer. The
honorable Senator from California, in his re-
marks, quoted the telegram communicated by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to the
officer, directing him to hold the whisky and
send forward as rapidly as possible the proof
upon which this very heavy seizure was made.
In due course of time information came to
him, not only from the persons who claimed
this whisky and who insisted that they were
simply carrying on an ordinary legitimate busi-
ness of merchandise, transferring whisky from
New York to San Francisco, but also from
reports of other officers in California, that this
whisky was seized, not for the purpose of en-
forcing the revenue laws but to prevent com-
merce between New York and San Fran-
cisco. That was the allegation.^ Thereupon
the Commissioner, feeling that this was a grave
matter, involving a large amount—I do not
know the value of this whisky; perhaps it
was $1,000,000, but at any rate a very large
amount—selected a gentleman who was re-
garded in the office as among the best super-
visors in the United States—Mr. Fulton, a
man who is known to many Senators here—
and sent him to California to investigate the
case. The Commissioner sent with him a gen-
tleman of as high a character as any man in
the Senate, although a young man ; a gen-
tleman who has been adjutant general of the
State of Ohio, a man of unexceptionable repu-
tation, not connected with the "whisky ring;"
a man whom I myself vouch for as a person
whom I would have selected in an important
case of this kind where I wanted the judgment
of a straightforward man. That is Mr. Cowan.
He was not in office, but he was sent to accom-
pany Mr. Fulton, so that they might give Mr.
Delano the result of an impartial investigation.
They went there, they made the examination,
they reported that in the particular cases of
seizure the whisky that was then seized was
the ordinary whisky of commerce, precisely
what it purported to be ; that it was trans-
ported by merchants in New York to persons
in San Francisco for sale, and that the whisky,
so far as they could ascertain, was just in tho
ordinary state that it would be if purchased in
Ohio or anywhere else, except that the color
was somewhat changed by the charring of the
barrels inside. However, as the whole matter
depended rather on a chemical analysis than
the mere taste of the whisky, they sent speci-
mens of that seized here to Washington, where
it could be carefully examined.
There is no question that all this was done
in good faith. The specimens came here and
were examined, and there was a concurrence
of opinion from all the skillful persons who
examined them that the whisky was the ordi-
nary whisky, that it was precisely what it pur-
ported to be, and that it was really transported
in the ordinary course of trade, with no inten-
tion to defraud, mislead, or cheat any one.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue about
this time also received from California grave
charges against many of the officers of the in-
ternal revenue system. He had the matter
investigated, and I have a paper in my hand
which I shall ask to have read to show the na-
ture and character of this investigation. Finally,
all the papers in the case, with the proofs that
were presented on both sides, the report of the
officers there and all the evidence they fur-
nished, and the very samples of whisky fur-
nished by the officers themselves, and the result
of the examination made by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, were transmitted to the
Secretary of the Treasury. The subject is now
pending before him. The very moment the
charge was made against Mr. Delano that he
had in some way or other setaside these seizures
because some of the whisky came from Ohio,
he refused to have anything to do with the
matter, and he never made a decision in the
case. He declined to make it, and the whole
subject is now before the Secretary of the
Treasury to determine whether or not the
whisky seized in San Francisco is the ordinary
whisky of commerce manufactured in the west-
ern States.
And yet, in the face of this, my honorable
friend, influenced I have no doubt by his feel-
ing of State pride and the strong desire in San
Francisco and California to make all the whisky
they drink there—and I wish to God they did,
because they make better whisky than we do
in Ohio—brings this ease here. Now, I can
tell him in all seriousness why we can under-
sell his constituents in California in making
whisky. There is no place in the world where
corn can be produced so cheaply as in the
Mississippi valley. It cannot be produced in
California to anything like the extent or to
compete with Ohio, Illinois, and Indiana corn.
More whisky can be made out of corn than
other grain in proportion to its cost. Besides,
Capital being more abundant in Ohio, there
being old distilleries and they being better estab-
lished, they ean undersell California. They do
not make near as good whisky as is made in
California, according to the testimony of ex-
perts ; but in the ordinary whisky, that is
strong enough to poison in about four drams,
I think we in Ohio can undersell the world.
[Laughter.] We send it to California; and the
folly of the people of California is that they will
drink Ohio whisky instead of good whisky or
brandy made from their native grapes.
Now, Mr. President, I shall leave this matter
when the Secretary has read a letter I hold in
my hand, which is signed by Mr. Cowen
and Mr. Fulton. It was not intended to be
read to the Senate on a matter of this kind,
but, as the Senate will see, relates to another
branch of our business in regard to appoint-
ments that came before us. 1 think, however,
in justice to these two gentlemen, it should be
read now, because they have been denounced
here as " whisky emissaries." This is a grave
imputation that ought not to be made by any
Senator unless he can furnish some evidence
that these men are whisky emissaries. They
are gentlemen of very high character. Any
Senator who now hears me knows how he would
feel if denounced as a whisky emissary in the
Senate of tho United States. The two men
who are thus denounced, so far as I know, are
honorable gentlemen, and one of them I do
know well, and I know that he is as honorable
a man as any gentleman hero present.
It seems to me these two gentlemen ought
not to be denounced in this way. And the im-
plication made to lie also upon Mr. Commis-
sioner Delano, who is admitted upon all hands
to have taken this office with reluctance, to
have discharged its duties ably, to be an honest
and pure man, long in public life, and now past
the prime of life—it seems to me it is pretty
hard to characterize him as a whisky emissary
unless there is some strong and flagrant proof,
and here there is no allegation that can possibly
excuse it. If the charge is true it is the duty
of the Senator to bring the proof to the atten-
tion of the Senate, to the attention of the
country and brand them with the infamy they
deserve ; but until the charge can be sustained
by some semblance of proof, such as would
leave a reasonable man no room to doubt, it
seems to me they ought to enjoy the reputation
they have earned in a long life spent, some of
them, in the service of their country without
being tarnished by any flings or taunts or innu-
endoes in the Senate of the United States. It
seems to me it is very severe, very hard upon
a man whoholdr, an office of this kind and dis-
charges its duties well, if at every stage, every
step of his proceedings, he is to be arraigned as
a whisky emissary. I now ask that the letter,
which I send to the Chair, be read.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator state
on the other hand what the article seized is
alleged to be? If it is not the ordinary whisky,
what is it claimed to be?
Mr. SHERMAN. They insist that it is rec-
tified whisky. They insist that it is rectified
whisky, first, because its color is different from
the color of the ordinary raw whisky, and, sec-
ond, because of the sugar in it. I am told that
in all corn whisky there is more or less sugar,
but I do not know anything about it. 1 am
like my friend from Maine : I do not drink the
article, but try to get something better if I
have to take anything of that kind. [Laugh-
