1768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
tucky, [Mr. Beck,] as if I had made a mistake
of fact.
On the 25th of July, 1868,1 say we admitted
Representatives from Georgia under this mis-
take of fact, and the military power was with-
drawn from her borders. The next thing we
heard from Georgia was that her people by
armed bands controlled her elections, that mur-
der was rife everywhere, that many of the
members of her Legislature, white and black,
had been killed, that the Kuklux were deplet-
ing the Legislature by the knife and the pistol,
that by force and fraud the loyal men of Geor-
gia had been overcome at the polls, and the
State was one of the few that voted for Sey-
mour and Blair. In the mean time Alabama,
Florida, Louisiana, North Carolina, and South
Carolina had come into Congress by their Rep-
resentatives, and had been admitted to full
representation in both Houses of Congress.
Peace and quietness prevailed within their bor-
ders, and we were so satisfied with their con-
dition that we sanctioned that admission by
passing a bill on the 16th day of December, 1868,
reported by my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Paine,] to repeal the law forbidding the organ-
ization and arming of militia in the rebel States
in favor of Louisiana, Florida, Alabama, North
Carolina, and South Carolina, but carefully
excluding Georgia from the exercise of that
power which was conferred by that bill.
When that bill came in Mr. Eldridge asked
why Georgia was left out. He said:
" I wish to inquire whether it is the purpose of the
committee making this report to reconstruct Geor-
gia again, or whether it is considered as sufficiently
reconstructed ? "
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
who had charge of the bill said :
"The instructions which I received from the com-
mittee this morning did Hot embrace that subject."
Then Mr. Farnsworth said:
"I ask my colleague to yield to me for a moment.
" Mr. Paine. I will yield to my colleague.
"Mr. Farnsworth. I will vote for this bill, but
at the same timel do not want to be put upon the
record as agreeing to the doctrine that Congress may
prevent States from organizing militia."
Ah, if Georgia was a State, that was exactly
what the gentleman was doing. He did not
consider Georgia reconstructed at that moment,
and her condition has not changed in that re-
spect since, and she is not reconstructed now
so that she can have any militia force. She
stands prevented from organizing a militia force
to-day by an act of Congress, and her Gov-
ernor, without the passage of some law,. is
powerless to arm the militia or have any force
to protect property and maintain the laws. Can
a State in that condition be justly said to be
admitted to her full rights in the Union ? What
was the next thing that was done in the order of
time? On the 28th of January, 1869, the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction reported the follow-
ing preamble and resolution:
" Whereas it is provided by the reconstruction act
passed March 2, 1867, that until the people of the
lately rebeljious States shall be by law admitted to
representation in Congress, any civil government
which may exist therein shall be deemed provisional
only, and that no person shall be eligible to office
in such provisional governments who are disqualified
for office by the fourteenth amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States; and whereas it is
reported that the Legislature of Georgia has ex-
pelled the colored members thereof and admitted
to their seats white men who received minorities of
votes at the polls, and that members of said Legis-
lature who had been elected thereto by the votes of
colored men joined in such action, and that twenty-
seveu disqualified white men hold seats in said Le-
gislature in violation of the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution and of the reconstruction acts of
Congress: and whereas Senators from Georgia have
not yet been admitted to the Senate of the United
States: Therefore,
" lietolved. That the Committoe on Reconstruction
be ordered to inquire and report whether any, and
if any what, further action ought to be taken during
the!orticth Congress respecting the representation
of Georgia in this House."
There was a little discussion on it, as follows :
Mr. Brooks. The gentleman says the resolution
was ordered to be reported by the committee. I
ask mm it the preamble was also ordered to bo
reported?
Mr. Paine. The preamble and resolution ia this
precise lorm were ordered to be reported by the
committee.
" Mr. Brooks. One more question. I ask if this
subject in its entirety is not now before the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction; and if so, what is the
necessity of its resubmission ? What action is pro-
posed here which the committee is not already au-
thorized to take ?
"Mr. Paink. The condition of things generally in !
Georgia is before the committee." j
The previous question was seconded upon '
agreeing to the preamble and resolution. Mr. j
Chanler called for a separate vote on the ;
resolution, and Mr. Bingham and Mr. Farns- j
worth voted with the Republicans of this
House that Georgia needed reconstruction.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Needed an inquiry.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. "Needed
an inquiry," says my friend. Let us see what
was the vote on the preamble. The vote on ,
the resolution being for an inquiry as the gen-
tleman says, now comes the vote on the pre-
i amble. A separate vote by yeas and nays was
taken on the preamble, and Mr. Farnsworth
and Mr. Bingham voted for the preamble. That
was not an inquiry, but a declaration of facts
that called for an inquiry.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That was a resolution
of inquiry only.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. But the
preamble was quite another affair, however,
which the gentleman voted declared the fact.
Again, when we were about to count in the con-
vention of the two Houses the votes for Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States,
the question came up as to what was the con-
dition of Georgia, and both Houses of Congress
concurred in a resolution to govern the con-
vention of the two Houses when they came to
count the votes; and the first sentence of that
concurrent resolution is in these words :
" Whereas the question whether the State of Geor- i
gia has become and ia entitled to representation i
in the two Houses of Congress is now pending and i
undetermined."
So far as it had been determined, she was
not entitled to representation in one House,
the Senate; but the preamble recited that it
was "now pending and undetermined." Here
again I find my friends from Ohio and Illinois
interposing no objection to that legislative state-
ment at that time of the condition of Georgia
as to representation. Under this preamble we
passed a concurrent resolution, that in case the
votes that might be presented as coming from the
State of Georgia should not essentially affect
the result, then they should be reported as fol-
lows: " With Georgia, so many votes; without
Georgia, so many votes.''
Well, sir, when the convention met to count
the votes I arose in my place and objected to
the vote of Georgia, because, first, they had
not voted on the proper day. That was a
merely formal objection. I then stated that I
objected—
"Secondly. Because at the date of the election of
said electors the State of Georgia had not been ad-
mitted to representation as a State in Congress since
the rebellion of her peopleor become entitled there to.
"Thirdly. That at said date said State of Georgia
had not fulfilled in duo form all the requirements
of the Constitution and laws of the United States,
known as the reconstruction acts, so as to entitle
said State of Georgia to be represented as a State in
the Union in the electoral vote of the several States
in,the choice of President and Vice President.
"Fourthly. That the election pretended to have
been heldin the State of Georgia on the firstTuesday
of November last past was not a free, just, equal, and
iair election; but the people of the State were de-
prived of their just rights therein by force and fraud."
The question was put by the Speaker to the
House, as follows: '
" ' Shall the vote of Georgia be counted, notwith-
standing the objection of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts ?"' * * * * * *
" The question was then taken upon counting the
electoral vote of the State of Georgia; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 41, nays 150, not vot-
ing 31."
A strictly party vote, wherein every Repub-
lican member of this House but one put him-
self on record, declared that Georgia was not
in a fit condition to have her electoral vote
counted, and among those so voting was the
eloquent and learned gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham.] i!
Mr. FARNSWORTH. She did not vote on jj
the day the constitution and laws required.
That was the point.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman thought that was the point, did he ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Massachusetts did well to give notice that he
wanted nobody to interrupt, him ; for his state-
ments will not bear interruption.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The lie-
publican member who thought that the fact that
Georgia voted on the wrong day was not ma-
terial and made no difference was the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] for lie
voted with the Democrats to count the vote ot'
Georgia. He says now the reason we all voted
the way we did was because the election was not
held on the day the constitution and laws re-
quired. But he voted with the Democrats that
the fact the vote was not had on the day the
constitution and laws required did not make
any difference! My statements will bear ex-
amination at any time hereafter as now. There
is the Globe to sustain all I say.
Now, sir, such was the condition of Georgia
so far aslegislative action was concerned. This
was February of last year. In March, imme-
diately after the organization of the Forty-First
Congress, we refused to admit Georgia any
longer to representation in this House. And let
me here mention one remarkable fact. On this
question whether Georgia was entitled to repre-
sentation, and her electoral vote to be counted,
the four Democrats of the Georgia delegation
on this floor voted that she was entitled to rep-
resentation, while the two Republicans voted
that she was not, although they were represent-
ing the State at the time.
What was the next thing that was done by
us in relation to Georgia? Last spring, in the
first session of the present Congress, we under-
took to reorganize Georgia. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] and the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] objecting,
the question was put off by various delays
until we had no further time to consider it; so
the matter went over till this session, and as we
adjourned wrong and murder were the order
of the day in Georgia, until we came together
here in December last. On the 22d of that
month we passed " an act to promote recon-
struction in the State of Georgia." How could
we "promote her reconstruction," as these
gentlemen now claim, if she was already recon-
structed? After all this legislation, after we
have deprived her by law of every right to arm
her militia, and her Governor of any power to
enforce the law by military power, shall we
now go back and stultify ourselves by saying
that she was fully reconstructed and id the
Union? Shall we not say rather that a Gov-
ernor who cannot organize or call out the mili-
tia of a State is provisional only. The exist-
ence of an armed power in the State to maintain
the law is a condition-precedent to calling on
the United States for military aid to suppress
insurrection. The Governor, in case of insur-
rection, must in the first instance do the best
he can with his own armed militia force ; and
failing with that force at his command, he may
then call upon the President for the aid of the
militia of the United States. Shall we say that
the Governor who cannot call upon the Pres-
ident for military aid in case of domestic vio-
lence is anything more than provisional?
What has happened further ? Georgia under
the provisions of our act has now been recon-
structed so far as her Legislature is concerned,
by the admission of the loyal Representatives
chosen by her people to their seats, and the
exclusion of all others, and she sends here her
Senators, claiming to have done all that is re-
quired of her, and demands admission by law.
Now, sir, let us look at the manner in which
Georgia has been received at the other end of
the Capitol. The Senate of the United States
sent this question to a committee, and the
report of thatcommittee has been put upon our
desks. If you will look on the eleventh page of
that report you will find that the committee of
