1870.
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
3657
those persons are capable of doing any act or
commuting any crime for the purpose of swell-
ins; the majority of the party to which they
belong; ami if one of those persons in the city
0f New York goes to the voting place and liles
his affidavit, then the judge is bound to receive
his vote if it applies to all persons. If it ap-
plies only to colored persons, then of course
that objection would not apply to the section.
But, sir, in any event, as has been suggested
by the Senator from Michigan, it seems to me
tliat it opens the door to abuse and to fraud,
it in effect repeals to a great extent the regis-
tration acts of many of the States, for those
acts provide, where persons are prevented by
anything that may occur from registering their
names, ways and means by which they can
secure the right to vote. 1 object to the sec-
tion particularly because it is so indefinite, and
so vague and so uncertain that nobody can
understand it; and because there is such a
difference of opinion as to its meaning as to
make it almost impossible to apply or enforce it.
But without going into details as to the dif-
ferent provisions of the Senate bill, I will say
that it seems to me it is subject to two objec-
tions which will be urged against it by the
popular voice of the country. One is that it
opens the door to a perfect torrent of litiga-
tion. There is no end to the lawsuits that
will spring up under this bill, and nearly all
of these lawsuits will be conducted at the
expense of the United States. Section seven
provides—
That the district attorneys, marshals, and deputy
marshals of the United Stated, the commissioners
appointed by the circuit and territorial courts of
the United States, with powers of arresting, impris-
oning, or bailing offenders against the laws of the
UDited States, and every other officer who may be
specially empowered by the President of the Unitod
States, shall be, and they are hereby, specially au-
thorized and required, at the expense ot the United
States, to institute proceedings against all and every
person who shall violate the provisions of this act,
and cause him or tlicm to be arrested and jin-
prisoned.
These proceedings are to be conducted before
the district and circuit courts of the United
States. There are but one or two such courts
within a State, and persons may be brought
from remote distances to answer before those
courts; witnesses may be summoned at vast
expense; and if the prosecution shall fail, and
doubtless mauy of these prosecutions will fail,
then the United States is subjected to the pay-
ment of all the expenses growing out of these
numberless prosecutions.
I say that is one objection which will neces-
sarily be made to this legislation that it pro-
vides inducements to litigation, that it provides
ways and means by which thousands and tens
of thousands of lawsuits may be brought into
existence, and also declares that a consider-
able portion of this litigation shall be con-
ducted at the expense of the United States.
Everybody familiar with elections knows
that whenever they are fairly conducted there
are more or less persons who feel aggrieved by
the result. Is it not usual for persons to com-
plain that they have not been allowed to vote,
or that they have not been allowed to register
themselves? Is it not usual for defeated par-
ties to complain in that way, and find fault
with the judges and with other persons con-
nected with the election ? And does not this
bill invite all such persons in every precinct in
these United States to commence suits, and
promises and declares that if any individual
will bring such suit, with the necessary evidence
to sustain it, he shall receive.$500 compensa-
tion for his services in the litigation ? Sir, it
seems to me that this bill opens up a field of
speculation for persons who are disposed to
occupy it without any precedent in the history
of this country.
This bill, too, is open to another objection
which has been suggested by several Senators ;
and that is, that it appears, whatever its pre-
cise object may be, to subordinate the elec-
tions in the country to the military power of
the Government. 1 do not, of course, partici-
pate in those fears and apprehensions which
havo been expressed ; but, at the same time,
if there is one feeling among the people of the
United States stronger than another it is that
the elections of this country should be free, as
free as possible, and that they should not be
controlled, by military influence and power.
True, we have been compelled by the exigen-
cies of the war to depart from this time-hon-
ored rule of the country ; but it is our duty, as j
it appears to me, as soon as practicable to go
back to the old system of allowing as far as
practicable all elections in this country to be
entirely free from external influence, and par-
ticularly free from military influence.
Sir, let it be remembered that this bill is not
made exclusively for the southern States, but
it is to apply equally in every State of this
Union. There is not a precinet in New York
or Maine or Oregon where the military may
not be summoned by some subordinate of some
commissioner to go to the polls for the purpose
in some way of influencing or controlling an
election.
This bill provides that attorneys, marshals,
and deputy marshals shall be employed and
shall act; that the courts shall have unlimited
power to appoint commissioners. The courts
may appoint one commissioner, or they may
appoint a thousand commissioners in every
state in the Union ; and those commissioners
are allowed to appoint subordinates in such
numbers as they may see proper and these
persons are authorized by this bill to summon
the military power of the country to their aid
at elections. I will read that part of section
eight:
And tho better to enable the said commissioner
to execute their duties faithfully and efficiently in
oonformity with the Constitution of the United
States and tho requirements of this act, they are
hereby authorized and empowered within their dis-
tricts respectively, to appoint in writing, under their
hands, any one or more suitable persons, from time
to time to execute all such warrants and other pro-
cess as may be issued by them in the lawful per-
formance of their respective duties; and the persons
bo appointed to exccute any warrant or process as
aforesaid shall have authority to summon and call
to their aid the bystanders or pone comitatus of the
proper county, or such portion of the land or naval
forces of the United States or of the militia, as may
be necessary to the performance of the duty with
which they are charged and to insure afaithfiil obser-
vance of the fifteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Th&se commissioners may appoint any num-
ber of suitable persons without limit, and these
suitable perfbns, who may be perfectly irre-
sponsible, may exercise the power of the Pres-
ident of the United States, and summon the
military to enforce the provisions of the fif- ,
teenth amendment of the Constitution. I do
not know that any danger will grow out of this
provision; but it has a very bad look, and it
should be remembered in reference to this
bill that its doctrines and provisions are to
bo defended everywhere in the United States;
and I nrn afraid that in our effort to do some-
thing for Louisiana or Mississippi, or some
one of those States, we may lose sight of the
otherpartsof theUnited States, where the peo-
ple have not been accustomed to have elections
in any wa,y influenced by military power; and, j
sir, 1 doubt very much whether the people of
the country will acquiesce in any such legisla-
tion.
Mr. President, these are two popular objec- !
tions that will be made to the provisions of
this bill. Such provisions, it seems to me, are
unnecessary at this time. Let us take the House
t bill. If we do that it may perhaps need some
; amendment. I do not pretend to say it is a ,
j perfect bill; but it is a plain, concise, clear, :
I systematic piece of legislation, which looks to
I me like law. But this Senate bill, as it has
! been proposed, looks to me like a sort of moral ;
; essay that has been thrown into something like ,
! the shape of legislation. Let us take the House
j bill. Let us adopt it. Information has been
| received here from various parts of the coun-
| try that expedition in this legislation is neces- ,
i sary; and if we take the House bill, with such I
amendments as may be proposed to it it' it be
imperfect, then there is a probability that at,
some time before we adjourn we can obtain
some legislation for the enforcement of tiie
fifteenth amendment. 'Senators have already
seen what a vast field of discussion the bill
reported by the Judiciary Committee opens.
Senators upon this floor, grave and learned
Senators, whose Republicanism is beyond ques-
tion, have expressed doubts as to the constitu-
tionality of many of its provisions. Sir, in the
House bill there can be no question, it seems
to me, about the constitutionality of every one
of its provisions. Let us adopt that bill. It
meets existing mischief's, and if experience
shall demonstrate that it is in any respect de-
fective, if any State Legislature shall devise
any scheme to avoid the provisions of that bill,
then it can be amended so as to meet that de-
vice; and so we can learn from experience
what may be necessary for this sort ot legisla-
tion.
But at the present time, for the sake of
expedition, for the sake of securing some sort
of legislation which the country needs and
demands, and for the sake of avoiding the
field of controversy which this Senate bill
undertakes to occupy, I hope the Senate will
adopt the House bill, with such necessary
amendments as may bo proposed, and not
undertake to take this bill, which is open to so
many objections and criticisms, in place of the
one that has been sent to us by the House. 1
do not undertake to say anything about sec-
tion eleven, which provides that the President
may summon the judges 
Mr. STEWART. That has been stricken
out.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Or this other section,
which gives to the courts 
Mr. STEWART. That is stricken out. Sec-
tions five and eleven have both been stricken
out.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I was not present when
those amendments were made; but it was sug-
gested when this bill was introduced that it had
been framed with So much care that it was not
even open to a special demurrer, and J am
astonished to find that some of the sections have
been stricken out. I think that the best thing
that can be done now is to strike it all out and
take the House bill. That will expedite busi-
ness, and we shall not occupy debatable ground.
If we are anxious to get through with business,
let us take this course. I hope there is no pride
of opinion about Senators that will prevent
their adopting this course. I am only prompted
by my desire to do something in reference to
this subject. If I thought the Senate bill was
a better bill than the House bill, I would very
readily agree to it; but it appears to me tjiat in
all respects the House bill is preferable.
Mr. CASSERLY and Mr. STEWART. Mr.
Prcsidctit *
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Warner
in the chair.) The Senator from California.
Mr. OASSERLY. If the Senator from Ne-
vada wishes to say something in reply to the
Senator from Oregon, I am willing to yield.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to reply to some of
the technical objections that have been made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California yield?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly, for a reply to
the Senator from Oregon. That is all the
Senator desires, I believe.
Mr. STEWART. I have no pride of opin-
ion in connection with this bill, and I wish that
others were as free from it as I am; but it
does seem to me that there is a great deal of
pride of opinion in connection with this House
bill, a bill which is utterly defective. The
question is simply this: does the Senate mean,
after having passed the fifteenth amendment,
that the colored man shall have the ritil.i t.i
vote? I undertake to say that under tins 1J"'!- 1
bill I can invent a hundred modes when-D) im
can be deprived of his votu and in.bo ly he
punished. I undertake to say that the Li< >
