1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2713'
peace long since if the whole South had been
as well governed. As it was, the rebels, under
the feeble government established by Mr. John-
son and under his guidance, were on the brink
of another rebellion when the first reconstruc-
tion law was passed. It was in the right direc-
tion, but stopped half way, and then was not
half executed, even in the letter, during the two
years succeeding its passage. The President
would not permit the execution of the law, and
all but three of the rebel States were brought
into the Union under his Administration only
half reconstructed, some of them now in the in-
cipient stages of rebellion again. By this time
the country had become so impatient of delay,
and, I may add, so magnanimous and liberal
toward the rebel population in the remaining
three States, thatreally all the safeguards pro-
vided in the reconstruction laws were practically
abrogated by public opinion. The test-oath,
disfranchisements, and military commissions
were all dispensed with and voted down by
Republicans, in the respective States, in accord-
ance with what was believed to be the wish of
the country. To give up these barbarous meas-
ures aud act iu a spirit of unity toward those
who had been in arms against the government
would, it was said, bring out their better quali-
ties, while to deny them any participation in the
new Government would engender more bitter
feelings and prolong their hostility toward the
Government.
The whole policy of reconstruction, its exe-
cution especially, has been feeble; and it may
yet prove disastrous because it was feeble.
Look over the rebel press of Georgia, and in
fact nearly all the rebel States. The articles
are very like in tone to those written and pub-
lished in the same localities in 1860. Some
gentlemen make light of the frothy ravings
of southern editors ; but they would do well to
heed them in time. They must remember that
the great body of the people have absolutely
nothing else to read. These papers are the
gospel of the common run of readers. Repub-
lican papers are scarce, and when one happens
to be able to live and issue weekly it would not be
touched by auy genuine rebel. The same char-
acter of ravings culminated in the rebellion. It
may do so again if left in the undisputed posses-
sion and control of State organizations inimical
to the national Government. Nothing is con-
temptible which can produce such calamities
as the people of this country have recently
passed through and barely survived. It is well
to heed in time the muttcrings of the storm
which is gathering.
I should not favor the admission of Georgia
in the present temper of the people but for the
impatience which has been manifested from
the close ol' the war steadily to the present hour
to have all the rebel Siates brought in again
to what has been characterized as their right-
ful places io the Union. The people of Georgia
are not fit for self-government. As remarked
by the honorable Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Howe,] we cannoL trust them to elect
their own officers, though the same objections
lie against many of the other rebel States.
The truth is none of them ought to have been
trusted with the duty of organizing govern-
ments. They were not in any rational sense
reconstructed. But inasmuch as all the others
have been allowed to come in, and as Georgia's
admission will surely be insisted upon some
time, before long, I shall vote to admit her
now, provided the conditions are satisfactory.
Now, sir, with the removal of the restraints
imposed by military laws, and the protection
which the Bingham amendment proposes to
throw around the State organizations, together
with the utterances here made in regard to the
powers which may be legally exercised by the
fate rebel States, or the people composingthem,
and the constitutional inhibitions to interference
on the part of the General Government, yon
may expect to see a sudden and marked change
in the whole region covered by the late rebel-
lion. If I am not sadly mistaken in the tem-
per of the people, the scenes of 1866 will be
reenacted, blood will again stain the soil in
every locality, and terrorism run rk t over the
land, withering the promise of to-day.
It is reported that a veteran of the late con-
federate army, meeting General Lee at some
place on his late visit to Georgia, remarked,
with tears in his eyes, " General, we were over-
come, but not conquered." This is the gen-
eral sentiment throughout the South. Speak-
ing of General Lee, is not his visit to Georgia
at this particular juncture well calculated to
put our thoughts in motion? What could
have taken him to Georgia? Removes like
a prince among the people, who would enroll
under his banner again with alacrity. It cer-
tainly would have been better for the people
of Georgia if he had directed his steps to some
other region. At the same time Mr. Jefferson
Davis is the recipient of like homage from the
cut-throats of New Orleans. Is there no sig-
nificance in the movement of these arch-trai-
tors at this particular crisis in the affairs of the
South? Yerily, this nation is magnanimous!
"Whatever its results, this debate will be
ever memorable," is the opinion of the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ker,] which is concurred in, but for a very
different reason, by the honorable Senator
next me on the left. I, too, indorse the sen-
timent. Upon the judgment of the Senate on
the amendment of Mr. Bingham in the House
hangs the destiny of ten States of this Union.
It is the turning point in the long struggle in
which the Government has been engaged with
the conquered rebels in efforts to reconstruct
their local governments upon a republican
basis; and, disguise it as we may, it is a sub-
stantial surrender to them of all they claimed
from the first, namely, the right of self-gov-
ernment, unfettered and unwatched by the
national authority; the right to deal with those
among them who were traitors to the confed-
eracy, and with their late slaves according to
the dictates of local public opinion. After
the encouragement which has been given to
the colored man of support aud protection
from his Government, and his acceptance of
the boon in good laith, backed by works at the
hazard of his life, to abandon him now to the
rage of liis long-chaincd aud exasperated old
master would be the most cold-blooded and
deliberate piece of cruelty which history will
have to record. I have an abiding confidence
that this thing will not be done. The people
of this nation will sanction nothing so humil-
iating.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, entertain-
ing the opinion 1 do, that the Legislature of
Georgia never was legally organized until since
the passage of the act of December 22, 1869,
and that up to the organization under that act
the officers of Georgia should be regarded as
provisional, and that it is our duty to recognize
the present organization as the only proper
and legitimate one, I maybe permitted to make
a brief statement of the reasons which lead me
to these conclusions, and I shall confine my-
self to these propositions. Without going into
the history of affairs in Georgia and of the South
I may bo permitted to refer to the facts in
regard to the assembling and organization of
the Georgia Legislature in July, 1868, as well as
in January, 1870, and if I go over again some
of the facts which have been repeated here
from time to time I trust I may be pardoned for
so doing, as I wish to place myself upon the
record on the propositions to which I refer.
I may be permitted to say that until this
bill was communicated from the House of
Representatives I had not anticipated such a
proposition as that contained in its first proviso.
No such provision, I believe, is to be found in
any of the former bills admitting rebel States,
nor in any of the reconstruction measures of
Congress. I bad expected after what had
transpired in regard to the bills admitting Vir-
ginia and Mississippi to representation, and
their approval afte* full discussion in both
Houses, that a bill with like provisions would
have been introduced and allowed to pass in
the case of Georgia without opposition and
without any material amendment.
But, sir, it would seem that' the same hesi-
tating policy that has characterized the action
of Congress at almost every step since the
close of the war, looking to the reconstruction
of the" rebel States, may now lead us to com-
mit an irreparable injury in the case of Georgia.
While the war, was going on and the rebel
armies were in the field, threatening the capi-
tal of the country and the life of the nation,
there was no middle ground, no choice between
allowing the rebellion to triumph in the perma-
nent establishment of its organization and'the
disintegration of the Union on the one hand,
and the most stupendous preparation and effort
on the other; and the Congress of the United
States, backed up and supported by the loyal
millions of the country, proved itself equal to
the great emergency. But, sir, when the con-
flict at arms was ended, and the great problem
of establishing civil government over the in-
surrectionary territory was presented for solu-
tion, doubting and hesitation were allowed to
influence our councils, until anarchy, lawless-
ness, and violence had well nigh reigned
supreme over the deluded and unfortunate
people of the southern States. After near
two years of temporizing and undecided policy
Congress broke through the spell that seemed
to have bound it, and took a step in the right
direction by passing the act of March 2, 1867,
"to provide for the more efficient government
of the rebel States." A "supplemental" act
was passed on the 23d of the same month, and
still another was found necessar}', and was
passed on the 19th of July, 1867; and then
the work of reconstruction commenced, and
has been progressing in the midst of opposi-
tion and obstacle to the present time.
All the States have now been restored except
Georgia ; and had the spirit of the reconstruc-
tion laws been carried out in Georgia in 1868,
as I think they should have been, and only a
loyal and law-abiding Legislature been allowed
to meet and organize in that State, she, too,
would have gone into the hands of loyal men,
and like the other States would now be repre-
sented in Congress and be in harmony with
the Government; and instead of the strife,
turmoil, and violence found there all parties
would have acquiesced, and to-day we would
have had in that State more of peacc, secur-
ity, and tranquillity. But unhappily a different
course was pursued, and we are now to meet
the issue as it presents itself to us.
Mr. President, I may say here that it is not
necessary, in my judgment, to a correct con-
clusion on the subject before us, that I should
discuss the question, so often mooted here, as
to how far Congress may interfere in the
affairs of a State that has not- reb'elled against
the Government. That question is not be-
fore us.
It is a fact that the State whose case is now
under consideration did engage in the rebel-
lion, and the question here is as to the powers
and duties of Congress over the reconstruction
of a State that by rebellion has forfeited and
destroyed its government. ;
And it occurs to me, sir, from the views
expressed by our friends on the other side, that
in regard to Georgia all our labo"rs may bS lost
by a restricted and technical view of the ques-
tions presented for our consideration; that
we are at last to confess that the rebel element
in that State, who defy the law and its author-
ities and are guilty of open and notorious
violence and rebellion, are to be successful in
their schemes and are to control the State
with a high hand and iff utter disregard of the
rights and liberties of the loyal people, who
are to be abandoned by us as the consequence
of this refined- technicality. Now, sir, it seems
to me tfisit a more liberal afid enlarged rule
should govern us'ift coming to our conclusions
on m&tters of suefe grave importance. Thi?
