1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOB&
4801
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STILES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be l&id oh the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN 35. GRIFFIN.
Mr. STILES, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendationthat the
same do pass, Senate bill No. 8G0, for the
relief of John E. Griffin.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Pay-
master General to pay to John E. Griffin, late
a private in company E, second North Caro-
lina mounted infantry, full pay and allowances
as private ol infantry, from September 1,1863,
to August 16, 1805.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. STILES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with an amendment, a bill (II. 1L No.
1918) to amend an act entitled "An act to
change and define the boundaries of the east-
ern and western judicial districts of Virginia,
and to alter the names of said districts, and
for other purposes," passed June 11, 18G4._
The bill was read at length. The first section
provides that the act of June 11, 1SG-1, entitled
"An act to change and define the boundaries
Ol the eastern and western judicial districts of
Virginia, and to alter the names of said districts,
and for other purposes,'' is hereby changed and
amended as follows: in addition to the times
and places now prescribed by the said act for
holding the sessions of the United States court
for the district of West Virginia, there shall
hereafter be held two annual sessions of the
said court in the town of Lewisburg, in the
county of Greenbrier, on the second Monday
in January and the second Monday in August.
The second section provides that the act of
June 11, 186-1, shall, in other respects, continue
to 1)0 in force as heretofore.
The amendment was to add to the first sec-
tion the following words:
rn each year: Provided, Tb:11 this act shall not take
effectuntil nil agreement, duly executed by the hoard
of supervisors otthocounty ol Greenbrier, siuul have
been filed ill the office ot tile clerk ot said court lit
Charleslown, tolurnis-h without ehur<;o, 1'ortonyeard.
suitable roonn for holding the said court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time,'atid passed.
Mr. MBRCUll moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that tile motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PARIS EXPOSITION',
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask uuanimoirs consent to
take from the Speaker's table Senate amend-
ment to a House concurrent resolution in regard
to reports on the Paris exposition, for the pur-
pose of concurring iu an amendment of the
Senate.
No objection was made; and the resolution
was accordingly taken from the Speaker's tabie.
The resolution was as follows:
Resolved, (the Semite concurring,) That two thou-
sand copies ot the vepoit on the Pans exposition,
oulered te be printed jlureh ->, 181>b, be tor the n.-c ot
the House.
The amendment of the*Senate was to strike
out aW after the word " concurring" and in-
sert in lieu thereof the wordB:
That one thousand copic3 of the report otl the
Paris Exposition, ordered to be printed iot the Sen-
ate on the 3d of March, 1868, be placed at the dis-
posal of the House of Representatives ; a.nd thattifty
copies be placed in the Congressional Library for its
foreign exchanges.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the votfe
by which tho amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. SCHENCK. As gentlemen arc. well
aware, a very largo amount of business, in-
cluding many bills from the Senate, has accum-
ulated on the Speaker's table. I desire to
give notice that on Wednesday next, imme-
diately after the morning hour, I will move to
proceed to business on the Speaker's table, for
the purpose of disposing of the large number
of bills that are now there.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suppose that motion
will be in order when the time conies without
any notice.
Mr. SCITENCK. I desire to give notice that
gentlemen may be here, if there is any particu-
lar business there which they wish to attend to.
leave of absence.
Mr. MERCUR was granted leave of absence
for eight days from Monday next.
Mi\D0X was granted leave of absence Until
Tuesday next-
Mr. HOTCIIKISS was granted leave, of
absence until July 7.
Mr. WTTCIIER was granted leave of absence
for two weeks from Monday next.
Mr. DUVAL was granted leave of absence
for ten days from Monday next.
Mr. T'dWNSEND was granted leave of
absence for next week.
papers withdraws.
Mr. DO CKERY, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to have" withdrawn from the files
of the House the papers in the case of Bryan
Tyson.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to have withdrawn the papers
in the case of a claim for a pension lor the
surviving children of Thomas Ollivier.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The taction was agreed to; and accordingly
(at three o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BOYD : A petition for a mail route
from Carthage, Missouri, to Gerard, Kansas.
By Mr. BURUHARD: The petition of
Matthias Keller and others, citizens of Galena,
Illinois, praying to repeal so much of the law
now in forcc as classifies dealers in malt liquors
as liquor-dealers.
By Mr. COX: The petition of E. J. Ham-
ilton & Co., and other principal wine and liquor
importers and dealers in NewYork city, for
relief from inordinate and special taxes.
By Mr. DEGENER: Thepetition ofThomas
Kearney, collector of customs at Corpus
Christi, Texas, praying to be compensated for
a loss sustained by a robbery.
By Mr. LAFLIN : The memorial of Joseph
Rudd. jr., of New York city, praying that the
name of the steam propeller Francis Wright
be changed to that of Herbert IS.
By Mr. ROGERS : The petition of A. J".
Knowles and W. L. Rowland, of Union county,
Arkansas, for removal of their disabilities.
Al§0j a petition of the cdrigregfttion of the
Children df Israel of the city, df Little Bock,
Arkansas, ih regard to the inhuman treatment
of their edreligiotiists id Europe. *
By Mh SCHENCK: The petition of Sarah
M. Johnson, widow of Israel Johnson, late
private seventy-first Ohio volunteer infantry,
praying Congress to grant relief by special act
to enable her to receive back pay, bounty, and
pension for herself and minor children.
By Mr. SCOBTELD : The petition of John
M. Addleman, of Clearfield county, Pennsyl-
vania, late a private in company II, first regi-
ment, Pennsylvania reserves, asking that a
pension may be granted him.
By Mr. VAN HORN : The petition of Mafy
Dalton, for pension in behalf of her son, late
of second United States cavalry, deceased.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 20, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a, m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Boiler.
The Journal of Saturday laSt was read and
approved.
ORDER. OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order.
ANNEXATION OF liMTISU PROVINCES.
Mr. POLAND introduced a joint resolution
(H. 11. No. 338) requesting the President to
open negotiations for the admission of the
British provinces of North America as States
of this Union; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
REPUBLIC OS DOMINICA!.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 339) to annex the
republic of t)ominica j which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
MRS. JANE NOItTIIRIDGJS.
Mr. GRISWOLD introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 2255) for tho relief of Mrs. Jane North-
ridge ; which was read a first and second lime,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
COTTON CLAIMS.
Mr. RANT)ALL introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 340) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay certain cotton claims
(the net proceeds of wliich are at present cov-
ered into the Treasury) arising from the sales
of cotton unlawfully seized after the 30th of
June, 1805; Which Was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
LOSS OP TUB ONlilDA.
Mr. RxVNDALL also introduced a bill (H.
It. No. 2230) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act for the relief of the widowsand orphans
of the officers, seamen, andimariues of the Uni-
ted States vessel of war Oneida, and for other
purposes," approved May IS, 1870; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous consent
that the Committee on Naval Affairs beauthor-
ized to report back this bill at any time.
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent can-
not be asked during the morning hour on Mon-
day. The Chair will bring the question before
the House after the close of the morning hour.
REMOVAL Ot DISABILITIES.
Mr. HEFLIN introduced a.bill (IT. R. No.
2257) to remove the legal and political disabil-
ities of certain persons therein named, in the
