1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1769
tbe Senate did not consider at all what was the
siatvs of Georgia before the reorganization of
her Legislature. They never looked at that
question at all. They examined only into the
question of the regularity or irregularity of the
organization of her Legislature under our last
act: and they came to the conclusion that
while it appeared to them that there had been
irregularities because of the intervention of
GeneralTerry under the order of the President
in that reorganization, yet those irregularities
were not in their opinion sufficient to vitiate
any portion of the proceedings. Such is the
substance of the entire report on this subject.
The Senate committee seem to take it for
granted that the conclusions arrived at by them-
selves in their former report, that Georgia
was not entitled to representation before the
reorganization of her Legislature, was correct.
They reported last year that Georgia was not
entitled to representation. They do not take
that back in this report, not a word of it.
They report only upon the regularity of the
present organization, not of the past condition
of Georgia. Under these circumstances the
Committee on Reconstruction reported a bill
to admit Georgia to representation in Congress.
That is all of it. True, it contains certain
fundamental conditions, which are that Geor-
gia shall never again turn colored men out of
office wrongfully because of their race or color;
that she shall not prevent her colored citizens
from voting when she does not prevent white
men under like circumstances, and that she
shall not make an unfair distribution of her
school fund, which come3 from the taxes laid
upon all alike. Such are the conditions which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] de-
nominates "political servitude"—that is,that
a State shall not be permitted to do grievous
wrongs. I wish everybody were under that
kind of "political servitude." This is all
there is in this bill.
I do not expect gentlemen on the Demo-
cratic side to vote for this bill. They will not
vote for it because they hold to the doctrine,
"Once a State always a State." I do not
expect them to vote at all to aid in reconstruc-
tion. They never have aided it. I will tell
you what they will do. Every one of them will
vote for the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio; although not one of them means to vote
for the bill, they will try to amend. They mean
to embarrass this class of legislation in every
possible way. If the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is carried at all it will be
carried by Democratic votes. Voting with
Republicans, against their party, as was the
proposition to pay the interest on bonds in gold
instead of currency, by the votes of a majority
of Democrats voting with a few weak-kneed
Republicans; and the Democrats have ever
since been charging upon the Republican party
that they recognized two currencies, one for
the bondholders and another for the people.
Republican members who may vote with the
Democrats now will get served in the same
way, and they will deserve it.
Let me say, further, it was proposed when
the legal-tender note bill passed that we should
pay the officers and soldiers of the Army and
the sailors of the Navy in gold, batthe majority
oftheDemocraticparty, with a few weak-kneed
Republicans, voted it down; and the Opposition
has ever since been charging us with having
paid the bondholders in gold while refusing to
pay our officers and soldiers who periled their
lives for the country in gold. They will thus
vote us into measures, then come forward and
charge us before the people with having passed
them. It is upon the Democrats' votes this day
and this hour, upon their votes and their aid
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
'cans and depends to carry his amendment
over the votes of the majority of his party. I
do not expect the party on the other side to
vote for the bill. They say they will not. One
gentleman from New York city [Mr. Wood]
called this a bill of abominations because it is
! exactly like the Mississippi bill and the Vir-
ginia bill. The other gentleman calls it a bill
of political servitude. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] was kind enough to say
to the House in his speech on Saturday that I
covertly for the first time put this fundamental
condition into this Georgia bill. Has he been so
asleep during the session as not to know that
we passed a bill for Virginia and one for Mis-
sissippi covering precisely the same condition,
word for word, letter for letter, and comma
for comma?
Now, then, sir, what is the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio. But, before I pass
to that, let me call the attention of the gentle-
men of the House who felt it to be their duty
to vote against conditions for Mississippi and
Virginia. There were many good Republicans,
staunch men and true, who believed it was their
duty to vote against conditions in the case of
Virginia and Mississippi, and the ground they
put themselves upon was their good behavior,
and we were under some promise to those States.
This was the ground taken by the gentleman
from Ohio in his argument. That because we
passed an act authorizing the submission of the
constitutions of Virginia, Mississippi,and Texas
to a vote of their people, and authorizing the
election of State officers provided for in their
constitutions as wellas of members of Congress,
that having passed such a special act for these
States, they said we had no right .to impose any
further conditions; that having put these special
conditions in the bill, that having authorized
the President to submit those questions to the
people, they Baid we had no right to impose
further conditions. They said, " Why ask for
further conditions? Texas, Mississippi, and
Virginia have proved themselves to be loyal;
they have voted for the Union ; they have voted
for good government; they have done nothing
wrong, and why put new conditions upon
them ?''
The gentleman intimated at the same time
that if those States had not behaved well, if
they had behaved like Georgia, turned colored
men out of the Legislature, if they had done
wrong and not as they did do, he would agree
that other conditions should be imposed upon
them. Does the eloquent gentleman mean to say
that conditions cannot be put upon States ? In
1866 he voted for conditions upon Tennessee.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to say to him 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not the time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to say a single
word. The bill I finally introduced admitting
Tennessee had no condition to it, and it became
a law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Every one
can read it as well as the gentleman, and if
you have any curiosity—no, curiosity is not
the word upon constitutional law—if any one
doubts on that subject, he can go and settle
the doubt for himself. The gentleman settled
it yesterday; and on Saturday, when his col-
league [Mr. Lawrence] said to him, "Why,
you voted for conditions on Tennessee." "Oh,
yes," said he, "because at that time we had
not passed the great constitutional amend-
ments which protect everybody; and I was
anxious to protect life, liberty, and property
in Tennessee by the bill I favored." If you
could put on conditions before we had the
thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth amend-
ments, why cannot you do it now? If you
could put on conditions without them, why
cannot you put on conditions when we have
all the power conferred by them to enact appro-
priate legigJjitSaii ? There is no doubt as to the
question of power, but the question of expe-
diency is another thing, about which in the
case of Georgia it would seem we could not
differ.
And I do not believe that any true Repub-
lican in this House will not agree to putting
conditions on Georgia if we can find the power.
And I quote my friend, the eloquent gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] as the author of
the power ; nay, not the author, but the index.
His finger pointed to it, and we have since by
constitutional amendments gained that power,
if it could have been questioned before. There-
fore, I think that though that gentleman voted
against the conditions on Virginia and Missis-
sippi he can well vote for the admission of
Georgia with the conditions, because she has
shown that they were necessary. But certain
it is, necessary or not, they can do no harm.
I hey can stand as a declaration that we do not
mean hereafter in Georgia to see the colored
man abused or to see the power pass into the
hands of rebels. I do not want the gentleman
from New York to get up and say, "Oh, you
have no power to interfere with Georgia if she
undertakes again to turn out proved and loyal
officers and put in the unqualified and dis-
loyal."
But the great attack made upon the bill is
that contained in the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] and
that amendment is a most remarkable one. I
do not think the House understands what it is.
It in the first place provides that this act shall
not vacate any office ; secondly, that it shall
not continue any officer. Well, if it had stood
there I would not have objected to it. But it
goes on to say that the State of Georgia shall
hold an election on a certain day in the present
year. Now, for agentleman who is tender-footed
about putting conditions on a State and inter-
fering with State constitutions, that is the most
remarkable condition I ever heard of. Accord-
ing to the gentleman we cannot insert in a bill
a provision to protect colored men from out-
rage, but we can insert a provision to have
them turned out of office on a given day by
ordering an election on that day for State
officers in a then fully reconstructed State. We
cannot interfere with State rights so far as to
put on any condition; but we can, without
even asking whether the people of Georgia will
agree to it or not, pass an express law by whieh
the State election shall be held against the
provisions of its own constitution. For, if this
amendment is in accordance with the provis-
ions of the constitution the amendment is not
wanted. If it is wanted, then it is because it
contravenes the provisions of the constitution.
Now, upon the action of this bill I have been
misquoted all through this debate. I have
been quoted as saying that this bill changed
the tenure of office in the State of Georgia. It
was said all over the House. Every Repub-
lican, especially every one that was thought to
be a little doubtful, has been seen and button-
holed and tampered with, and had this mis-
statement whispered into his ear, as the devil
whispered into the ear of Eve. I said before
the words following upon this top|e: "this
brings me to what is the great objection to this
bill, as stated by the ge^itkftiiSb from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham.] That jferftteman states that
by passing this bi}l we prolong the tenure of
every legislative, Executive, and judicial officer
of the Stfrteof Georgia. Now, there is not a
word eoifeferning the executive atid judicial
officers oiF the State of Georgia in this bill.
Yet it is objected that if we pass the bill these
will be continued in office." I should be very
glad if this were done, and I here boldly avow
that I offered my amendment^for the purpose
of so providing. I should be* glad to have a
law passed by which those colored men, who
were wrongfully, murderously, feloniously, and
treacherously driven from their places, should
be put back for two years, and the traitorous
felons should not get any advantage by virtue
of their own wrong. There are some of these
loyal legislators who never will take their seats
in the Legislature again. By violent deaths
they have gone to a brighter and better world.
I would give no aid and comfort to this little
rebellion, this embryo rebellion in the State
of Georgia. I will not be an accessory neither
before nor after the fact of the rebellion by
turning out these legislators now. It was with
