4602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS^
June 20s
States of Georgia and Alabama; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the select Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. HARRIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2258) to relieve certain persons therein named
of all legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the select
Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. MORPHIS introduced abill (H. R. No.
2259) to relieve certain persons therein named
of legal and political disabilities; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the select Committee on Reconstruction.
MRS. G. W. BAILEY.
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio, introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2260) granting a pension to Mrs. G. W.
Bailey; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
CULTIVATION 01? PUiJLIO LANDS.
Mr. "WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2201) to promote the cultivation of the
public lands; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture.
JOHN II. FOSTER.
Mr. DICKINSON introduced a bill (H. R.
2262) granting a pension to John H. Foster ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
UNITED STATES COURT, TOLEDO, OHIO.
Mr. PECK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2263) requiring a United States court to be
held at Toledo, northern district State of Ohio ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
SPIRIT-METERS.
Mr. MUNGEN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
22C4) to repeal all laws and resolutions in
regard to spirit-meters for distillers, whether
automatic, sample, or other kinds, and to pun-
ish Government officials for requiring their
use; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. MUNGEN. I desire to have that re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed; and if in order, I
should like to have the committee report at
any time.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done in
the morning hour.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
MARY G. STONE.
Mr. STOKES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2265) for the relief of Mary J. Stone, the
widow of Lieutenant W. J. Stone, deceased,
of Jackson county, Tennessee ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
MRS. OLIVIA J. DUKE.
Mr. STOKES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2266) for the relief of Mrs. Olivia G.
Duke, widow of Charles E. Duke, deceased,
of De Kalb county, Tennessee; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
REMOVAL OP POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. STOKES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 226") for the relief of sundry citizens of
Tennessee of all political disabilities ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the select Committee on Reconstruction.
survey and sale of public lands.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2268) supplementary to an act approved on the
80th of May, 1862, entitled "An act to reduce
the expenses of the survey and sale of public
lands of the United States;" which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
edward deiiil.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 2269) for the relief of Edward
Deihl; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
treaty witii the choctaw nation.
Mr. BOLES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2270) to carry into effect certain treaty stipu-
lations with the Choctaw nation or tribe of
Indians; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOLES stated that be did not commit
himself to the provisions of the bill.
ii. p. smead, of arkansas.
Mr. ROGERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2271) to remove disabilities from H. P. Smead,
of Union county, Arkansas, imposed by the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the select Committee on Recon-
struction.
phelps, dodoe and company, and others.
Mr. ALLISON introduced a joint resolution
H. R. No. 341) for the relief of Phelps, Dodge
Co., and others; which was read a first and
second time, and, with the accompanying me-
morial, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mary r. gilson.
Mr. ATWOOD introduced a bill (II. 11. No.
2272) for the relief of Mary R. Gilson, mother
of Edward D. Gilson, deceased ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
saraii e. iioyt and others.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, introduced a bill
(II. R. No. 2273) authorizing the appointment
of a commissioner and the settlement of claims
of Sarah E. Hoyt, Charles Freeman, and Wil-
liam Hutchinson ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
preston, sa1.ina, etc., railroad company.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced abill
(II. R. No. 2274) for agrantof lands to the Pres-
ton, Salina, and Denver Railroad Company, and
for the disposal of said lands to actual settlers;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The call of States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been concluded, the
next business during the morning hour is the
call of States and Territories, beginning with
the State of New York, for the introduction of
resolutions.
paving of pennsylvania avenue.
Mr, COWLBS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2275) to provide for the paving of Pennsylva-
nia avenue ; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. COWLES. I move the previous ques-
tion on ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. DAWES. Does it contain an appro-
priation ?
The SPEAKER. If it does the point of
order will be reserved.
Mr. COWLES. It does not.
The bill was read. The first seetion*provides
that the Secretary of the Interior, Brevet Brig-
adier General N. Michler, engineer in charge of
public buildings and grounds, and the mayor
of the city of Washington, or their successors
in office, shall be appointed a commission to
select and determine the best kind of pave-
ment to be used in paving Pennsylvania ave-
nue, and to have said thoroughfare paved
therewith from the northwest gate of the Cap-
itol grounds to the crossing of Fifteenth stre'et
west, as hereinafter provided.
The second section provides that within ten
days after the passage of this act the commis-
sioners named herein shall meet and organize
by the election of a president and secretary
from among their number, and shall proceed
to perform the duties herein devolved upon
them; and within thirty days after they shall
have determined upon the pavement to be used
they shall contract for the paving of said avenue
between the points named on the lowest and
most favorable terms possible, after having
caused notice of the letting thereof tobe given
in one or more newspapers published in Wash-
ington, Baltimore, Philadelphia, andNew York
for twenty days prior to the letting, giving the
time and place of such letting and kind of
pavement, requiring the paving to be done in
the best aud most substantial manner, and
without unnecessary delay, and that a good
aud sufficient bond, with sureties, to be ap-
proved by the chief justice of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, guaranty-
ing that the terms of such contract shall be
strictly and faithfully observed.
The third section provides that the cost of
laying down said pavement shall be borne and
paid for iu the following proportions and man-
ner: by the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
road Company, for that portion of the worklyitig
between the tracks of their road, and for a dis-
tance of two feet on each side thereof; by the
owners of private property lying and abutting on
said Pennsylvania avenue, and in proportion to
their frontage thereon, for that portion of the
work in front of their lots or parts of lots from
the curb line of said avenue to the line two
feet from the track of the railroad aforesaid, by
the corporation of Washington for the inter-
sections of all streets and avenues, and oppo-
site to all public parks lying and abutting on
said avenue, except such portions of the inter-
sections lying between the tracks of the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company, and
two feet on each side thereof, which will be
paid by said company, as hereinbefore pro-
vided. The said railroad company shall have
the right to construct that portion of the pave-
ment which it is required to pay for under the
direction of said commissioners, and if said
railroad company shall not construct that por-
tion of said work with the same material, ex-
cept between the rails, in as satisfactory a man-
ner and as rapidly as the residue of said work
shall be constructed, then the same shall be
constructed under the direction of said com-
missioners in the same manner as the other
portion of said work. The said railroad com-
pany shall have the right to select the material
with which the pavement between the rails on
each track shall be made; provided that the
said pavement on said tracks shall be made t.o
the satisfaction of the commissioners. The
lessees of Market square, between Seventh and
Ninth streets, shall pay for that portion of
the pavement between said square and the line
two feet from the railroad track aforesaid. The
portion of the pavement lying between the
Botanic Gardens and a line two feet outside of
the track of the railroad company shall be paid
for by the United States Government; provided
that the cost of laying such pavement shall not
exceed the sum of four dollars per square yard.
The fourth section provides that the assess-
ment contemplated in the foregoing section
shall be made by the commission above author-
ized, and the sums so found due shall be coK
lected and held, but as a special fund by the
collector of Washington, in accordance with
existing laws; and the moneys so collected and
held shall be paid by him to the contractors for
the work above authorized on the warrant or
order of the said commission in such amounts
and at such times as they may deem safe and
proper in view of the progress of the work.
The fifth section provides that if the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company, or
any private citizen, or other corporation orpei".
son, shall neglect or refuse to pay the amoont
assessed for the paving herein authorized (with-;
