8658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
i
kill its no batter than tho amendment I have
otiered, as it now stands; and it' any gentle-
man will sit down with me tor lmlf an hour I j
t nn demonstrate to him that there is no use
whatever in passiug the House bill; that it
does not meet auy of the requirements; that
there is r.o proper machinery in it for enforcing
t!i.- fuleeuth ameudment.
The Senator from Oregou [Mr. Williams]
objects that we have made it the duty of the
marshals, the commissioners, and the courts
to go on and execute this law, and that it will
l e expensive to the Government. The House
bill, 1 admit, would be cheaper, because it
would never be executed. It simply delines
a few offenses, and can be gotten over very
easily. Let us look at it a moment and see
what is left out. The iirat section of the House
bill provides that any officer of the Uuited
States or of any State, Territory, or district,
<lc., who shall fail or refuse to uo Ilia duty iu
regard to the right of citizens to vote, shall be
punished for it as an offense. That is very
well. The uext section is:
'l'bat all colored citiieiu of the United Stttea
resident in the several Stated of tho United State*
shall be entitled to vote at all oleotions, Ac.
That is very well. Then it makes it au
offense to interfere with their votes. Theu the
third, fourth, fifth, aud sixth sections relate to
the question of taxation ; that if there is a tax
to be levied a colored citizen shall be taxed the
same as anybody else, so as to entitle him to
be registered. The sixth section is to meet the
case in Delaware on the taxiug question.
Then the seventh section relates to elections
of members of Congress and electors for Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States,
and makes any interference with those elections
an offense.
The eighth section makes it an offense for
any officer to refuse to register any citizen.
There is the whole House bill. Let me
show you the cases that may arise that do not
fall under it- In the first place there may be
combinations to prevent the colored voters
from going to the registration. Anybody else
can prevent the registration, and then they will
not become voters. That i3 one thing that can
be done that is not provided for at all. If they '
are thus prevented from registering there is uo
remedy, aud they lose their votes. That is not
provided against at all. The outside world are
not forbidden to interfere witli the registra-
tion ; and if they do interfere with it then their '
votes are lost and the citizens' rights are taken
away. '
Then again the House bill speakes of regis- ;
tration and the payment of taxes as the only pre-
requisites that can be invented. There may be '
a hundred prerequisites invented by the States.
Those two the House happened to think of,
and provided for; but there maybe others. It
is very easy for a State to provide that each
man shall have a certificate. That is not au
enrollment oranything of the kind. The House
have undertaken to enumerate the prerequi-
sites to voting, and have only enumerated two
or three, when a hundred can be invented.
Talk about a definite law ! Why, sir, this bill
i.s a regularly-iu vented machine how not to
do it.
Then it provides that the offenders shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished
by the United States courts; and you have got
but one Uuited States court and one marshal
in a State. It does not provide for the appoint-
ment of any more commissioners than there
are now; it does not provide lor increasing
the number of officers if it should be necessary
lo enforce it. There is no machinery whatever
for its enforcement.
The Senator from Oregon has objected sev-
eral times to the additions that are made to
this Senate bill, as if they were hard to under-
stand. One of them is simply a requirement
that all citizens shall obey the fourteenth
amendment and shall not violate tlie provisions
of that, amendment while it is in force. Every-
body wauts that amendment enforced while it
is in force, both those who are in favor of am- (
nesty and those who are opposed to amnesty.
I think while it is a part of the Constitution wc
ought to observe it and see that it is observed.
That sectiou does not in volveany otherquestion.
Then the other provision whicl\ has been
added is one of great importauce. It is of more
importance to the honor of this nation than all
the rest of this bill. We are inviting to our
shores, or allowing them to come, Asiatics.
We have got a treaty allowing them to come.
Now while I am opposed to Asiatics being
brought here, and will join in any reasonable
legislation to prevent anybody from bringing
them, yet we have got a treaty that allows them
to come to this couutry. We have pledged the
honor of the nation that they may come and
ahall be protected. For twenty years every
obligation of humanity, of justice, and of com-
mon decency toward those people baa been
violated by a certain class of men—bad men I
know; but they are violated in California and
on the Pacific coast. While they are here I
say it is our duty to protect them. I have
incorporated that provision iu this bill on the
adviceof the Judiciary Committee, to facilitate
matters and so that we shall have the whole
subject before us in one discussion. It is as
solemn a duty as can be devolved upou this
Congress to see that those people are protected,
to see that they have the equal protection of the
laws, notwithstanding that they are aliens.
They, or any other aliens, who may come here
are entitled to that protection. If the State
courts do not give them the §<jual protection of
the law, if public sentiment is so inhumatFas
to rob them of their ordinary civil rights, I say
I would be less than man ifldid not insist, and 1
I do here insist that that provision shall go on
this bill, and that the pledge of this nation shall
be redeemed, that we will protect Chinese aliens
or any other aliens whom we allow to come
here, and give them a hearing in our courts ;
let them sue and be sued; let them be pro- i
tected by all the laws and the same laws that 1
other men are. That is all there is in that pro-
vision.
Why is not this bill a good place in which to
put that provision ? Why should we not putin
this bill a measure to enforce both the four-
teenth and fifteenth amendments at once?" It
will take no longer time iu discussion, ^t will
not delay the bill an hour. Does anybody
doubt the necessity or the propriety of such a
law? 1 think not. I want the Government to
do this much. The fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution says that no State shall deny
to any person the equal protection of the laws.
Your treaty says that they shall have the equal
protection of the laws. Justice and humanity
and commou decency require it. I hope that
provision will not be left off this bill, for there
is no time to take it up as a separate measure,
discuss it, aud pass it at this session.
I do not know that I ought to complain
about the way in which the recommendations
of the Committee on the Judiciary are received
in this body ; but somehow or other it seems
that they are always either too radical or loo
conservative. This measure is too radical.
I3y and by we shall come in with something else,
and that will be too conservative. Is it impos-
sible to suit the taste of the Senate upon a ques-
tion of this kind?
In this Senate bill we speak of '' any act''
which " is or shall be required to be done as a
prerequisite or qualification for voting." Why
do we say that'! Because it is impossible to
enumerate over-specifieally all the require-
ments that might be made as prerequisites for
voting, aud so we use general language, which
covers any act necessary to qualify the voter to
vote. The States can invent just as many
requirements as you have fingers and toes.
They could make one every day. Here the
House bill is confined to two prerequisites,
registration and taxation. If there is any
other prerequisite to be performed, which the
States can require, then they can avoid the
llouso bill. 1 hare is no machinery for enforc-
itig it. It will amount to nothing. It is true
it is perfectly harmless. We had better let
the fifteenth amendment stand just as it does,
and let it enforce itself, than attempt.legisla-
tion which wo know cannot succeed, which
we know will not meet the contingencies that
will arise.
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Pool]
explained very clearly yesterday that the House
bill does not reach any of the cases that are
likely to arise; that it does not reach any of
the cases that are arising to-day. The Senate
bill may not be altogether perfect. I am in-
clined to think that we ought to accept one or
two of the sections offered by that Senator to
meet the case where the Kuklux Klan go upon
plantations and intimidate people. I think
that ought to be made an offense specifically.
I think it is under this bill. I think it is "hin-
dering" or "preventing;" but perhaps it would
be well enough to specify it particularly; but
certainly we do not want less than we have got
in this Senate bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I yield to the Senator
from Maine to allow him to make a motioiy.
Mr. HAMLIN. A bill has just been received
from the House of Representatives which re-
peals the preamble of a bill that we passed a
short time ago. I ask that it be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine asks unanimous consent to take up
the bill (H. R. No. 20G4) to repeal the pream-
ble of an act in relation to the National Theo-
logical Institute, approved April 22,1870, just
received from the House of Representatives.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope that bill will go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Louisiana object?
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator from Louis-
iana will listen to me for a moment I think he
will not object.
Mr. HARRIS. I have just been appealed
to to object to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator persist in his objection?
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, it cannot be taken up at this time.
The bill to enforce the fifteenth amendment is
still before the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY addressed the Senate in
opposition to the bill. [His remarks will ba
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEWART. I wish to occupy a few
moments in correcting some statements made
by the Senator from California, and then I
shall move a recess. He says there is no ne-
cessity for this legislation because there is no
opposition to carrying the fifteenth amendment
into execution. The Governor of his State says
that if the fifteenth amendment goes through
all the forms necessary to its adoption, and
receives the vote of every State but California,
it is still 
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator ought to
state that that was before the adoption of the
amendment was announced.
Mr. STEWART. Here is his language:
" It seems clear, then, upon principle and author-
ity. that if the proposed amendment went through
the forms of adoption, it would in; mere uruiuntjuluitit,
destitute of any validity whatever."
And since its adoption the attorney general
of California has delivered an opinion advising
Democratic registrars and Democratic officers
who conduct the elections not to register col-
ored voters, and not to receive their votes.
This idea of sleeping on the matter lor a little
while is a mere trap. The Democratic party
do not intend that the elections next fall shall
be fairly conducted; and I say from their con-
duct in the past we have a right so to judge.
What did the Democratic party in Louitiana
do at. the last election? Colored men were
there entitled to vote by law. They d.d not
let them vote at all. rlalk about there beii.'j
