1770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
tbat view that I offered ray amendment. I
drew it for the purpose of settling all doubts
on this subject. But I consulted a number of
good, clear-headed, and just-minded men of
my own party, and they said to me, " Why in-
terfere in the matters of the State of Georgia
and her constitutional rights any further than
is necessary? Why bring up the question of
offices and the tenure thereof, though it may
be technically and abstractly right and just?
Why raise that question? Leave it to the courts
in Georgia to say what is the law of Georgia as
to elections and tenure of office. Say nothing
about it in Ihe bill. Leave your bill as you
reported it from the committee—not a word
more or less than in the Virginia bill or in the
Mississippi bill. If you put amendment upon
it the House will stultify itself if it goes back
upon its former action." And yielding to the
opinions of those whom I respect and love;
yielding my opinions, as I always will yield
them and always do to those good and true
men around me, I withdrew the amendment,
and the bill stands now without having any
effect upon the constitution of Georgia in
regard to the terms of office or the length of
the terms of office. There is nothing in the
bill to lengthen the term, nothing to shorten it.
Mr. Speaker, I was still more inclined to
agree to it because in the mean time I got the
report of the Committee on the Judiciary of
the Senate, and they say that no further legis-
lation is needed to affect this question of the
tenure of offices in Georgia. With your leave
I will send to the Clerk to be read what the
committee of the Senate say upon that ques-
tion. You will find it upon the eleventh page.
The Clerk read as follows:
"And inasmuch as it appears certain that the
term of office of the members of the Georgia Legis-
lature and of its State government will expire at
the same time that it would have done had the State
been fully restored to its place in the Union in July,
1868, and do not commence or ran from the date of
her future admission to representation, and that
without reference to what might be the legal or lit-
eral construction of the last clause of the second
subdivision of the first section of the third article
of the constitution of Georgia, in the following
words: ' The General Assembly may by law change
the timo of election, and the members shall hold
until their successors are elected and qualified.'"
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. You will
see, therefore, Mr. Speaker and gentlemen of
the House, that the Senate committee agree
with me, or rather, after examination, I agreed
with them, that no legislation which we could
pass here simply admitting Georgia would affect
the terms of the officers in Georgia. Acting
upon that opinion, I withdrew the amendment;
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
proposes to put in an amendment to alter the
term of office provided by the constitution of
Georgia for her own State officers. We are to
be instructed and advised in our action in be-
half of the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio by the letter which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] caused to be
read.
Now, Mr. 0. A. Bacon, in the letter which
the Clerk read, agrees witn me in the construc-
tion of the constitution of Georgia and says that
unless my amendment were adopted there is
nothing in the constitution which would allow
the terms of the officers in Georgia to be pro-
longed. Qe was arguing in his letter against
my amendment only. He did not know that
it had been or'was to be withdrawn. Now,
lie is a pretty fellow to instruct this House
in their duty and in loyalty. He is an intense,
bitter rebel. He is the host who entertained
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward]
when he went down to visit the State agricul-
tural fair in Georgia the other day, and he was
the member of the agricultural fair committee
that refused to raise the flag of the United
States over the fair, although they had borrowed
the building from the United States to hold it
in! Now, if any gentleman is going to vote
upon the instructions ■ or to comply with the
wishes of such a man let him rise in his place
and say so.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman is mis-
taken in matters of fact. If he will give me
time I will correct him. |
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is not j
this the same Mr. Bacon who was a member ;
of the committee on the fair? '
Mr. WOODWARD. Who?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The Mr. |
Bacon who wrote that letter?
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not know that he i
was a member of the committee on the fair
at all.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. AVell, I do.
Mr. WOODWARD. He is a citizen of
Macon, Georgia—a respectable citizen.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg his
pardon. I did not say I yielded to the gentle-
man to state what he does not know. That
would take too long. [Laughter.]
Mr. WOODWARD. I want to correct the
gentleman as to the matter of that flag.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield further; I have not time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has only
one minute remaining.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh! a
little more than that; I trust four minutes at
least. However, if I have but one minute
remaining, let me say to this House that the
people of this country are practical and not
theoretical. They never will agree that we
shall deal in those great questions on fine-
spun theories or with the quirks and quibbles
of lawyers and theorists. They see that Georgia
has murdered her citizens, has deprived them
of their rights, and is out of the Union, and
they say that they want peace and quietness ;
they want Georgia brought in again to loyalty
and right; they want her reconstruction steadily
and with vigor to go forward, and they want no
more intermeddling with State affairs and
State government than we can possibly avoid,
and maintain right, loyalty, justice, and the
law. But they do want us to exercise our
power to protect the just and loyal and true,
and to keep out of power the disloyal, the
unjust, and the rebellious. This is what they
desire, and is what they will sustain us in doing.
They sustain General Terry in reorganizing
the Legislature of Georgia because he kept
perjurers out of it; they sustain General Grant
in putting the State of Georgia back into a
military district because the laws could not be
enforced; they sustain Governor Bullock in
yielding up his authority claiming to be a pro-
visional governor only in order to serve his
people; they sustain the organization of that
Legislature which put loyal men into office,
and kept disloyal men out; and they will sus-
tain our action in readmitting her upon terms
that we think just and reasonable, and in pro-
ceeding in the case of Georgia as we did in
the case of Mississippi and Virginia, readmit-
ting her upon exactly the same terms, and no
other or different.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
call for the vote.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to say
a word before the vote is taken.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. ' I object.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] which the Clerk will
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to vacato any of the offices now filled
in the State of Georgia, either by the election of the
.people or by the appointment of the Governor thereof,
by and with the advice and consent of the senate of
said State; neither shall this act be construed to
extend the official tenure of any officer of said State
beyond the term limited by the constitution thereof,
dating from the election or appointment of such
officer; nor to deprive the people of Georgia of the
right under their constitution to elect Senators and
Representatives of the State of Georgia in the year
1870, either on the day naiaed in the constitution of
such State or such other day as the present Legisla-
ture may designate by law.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment; and upon a division there were—aye^
87, noes
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 71,
not voting 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Archer,
Axtell. Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Beck. Biggs. Bing-
ham, Bird, Blair, Booker, Burchard, Burr, Calkin,
Churchill. Cleveland, Coburn, Cook, Cox, Crel>,
Cullom, Dawes, Dickinson, Dockery, Dox, Duval,
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburr,',
Garfield, Getz, Griswoid, llaigkt. llaldemau. Hale,
Hambleton, llamill, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Hea-
ton, Hill. Holman, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kellegg, Kerr, Ivetcham,
Knott, Lafiin, Logan, Marshall. Mayham, McCar-
thy, McCormick, McCrary, McKenzie, McNeely,
Milnes. Eliakim H.Moore, J esse H. Moore, Niblaek.
Orth, Packard, Packer, Piatt, Pomeroy, Potter,
Randall, Reading, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sargent,
Schenck, Schumaker, Sherrod, Slocum, John A.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Starkweather, Stiles,
Stone, Stradcr, Strong, Swann, Taffe, Tanner.
Trimble, Tyner, Van Auken, Van Trump. Voorhec.-,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn.
Welker, Wells, Wheeler, Wilkinson. Willard, Wil-
liams, Eugene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winum-,
Witcher, Wood, and Woodward—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Aycr, Ben-
jamin, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks
Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett. Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Clarke,
Ainasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Covode,
Davis, Dickey, Donley, Fisher, Gilfillan, Hamilton.
Harris, Hays, Heflin, Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Hotels-
kiss, Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Kelley, Knap]'.
Lash, Lawrence, Loughridgc, Maynard, McKee,
Merour, William Moore, Daniel J.Morrell, Sam-
uel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Paine,
Palmer, Perce, Phelps, Prosser, Roots, Sant'ord,
S.awyer, Shanks, William J.Smith, William Smyth.
Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Tillman,
Townsend, Twichell, Upson, and Van Horn—71.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Bailey,
Barnum, Bennett, Benton, James Brooks, Cowles,
Dixon, Dyer, Ela, Fitch, Fox, Gibson, Kelsey,
Lynch, McGrew, Morgan, Morphis, Morrisstj.
Mungen, Peters, Poland, Porter, Ridgway. Sec-
field, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Joseph
S. Smith, Stevens, Sweeney, Van Wyck, Ward, and
Winchester—34.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WARD said: On this question I am
paired with my colleague, Mr. Fox; if he were
present he would vote for this amendment and
I would vote against it; he also would vote
against the bill, while I would vote for it.
Mr. KNOTT. My colleague, Mr. Winches-
ter, is detained in his room by illness. If
he were present he would vote "ay" on this
amendment.
Mr. WOOD. My colleague, Mr. Fox, has
been called home because of sickness in his
family.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] was adopted;
and I also move that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. COX. Upon that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays on
that question, although I would much prefer
them on the passage of the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Very well; I will with-
draw my motion to lay the bill on the table.
The question recurred upon the passage of
the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
