458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
ent time than has been obtained at any other
period since the law in relation to internal rev-
enue was enacted in proportion to the amount
of taxes that have been levied; and I believe
that it is as much our duty to sustain a man
who is performing his duty faithfully as it is to
hunt down rogues and rascals. I only rose on
this occasion to express my confidence in the
present chief of that department. If we cannot
have confidence in such a man as Columbus
Delano, all I have to say is, may the Lord have
mercy upon us.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not intend to enter
into this debate, and I should probably have
said nothing had it not been for the attack
which the Senator, my colleague from Califor-
nia, has seen fit to make upon Mr. Samuel
Purdy. It is due to Mr. Purdy that I should
say to the Senate that he does not deserve this
attack. I have known him now for nearly
twenty years. During a great part of that time
he occupied a prominent position in California;
occasionally was in office where it became his
duty to face and to defeat schemes of vast pub-
lic spoliation; and no man before to-day has
ever in official station undertaken to cast the
least doubt upon his integrity.
Let me say also that when the Senator speaks
of his "malevolence" as animating his report
he is equally mistaken. Mr. Purdy may be in
error in his conclusions; of that I say nothing;
I do not enter into that part of this uncommon
discussion; but malevolent, never. If he is con-
spicuous for anything more than he is for in-
tegrity it is for his entire amiability of character.
I shall vote for the motion to postpone, not
because I am against California interests, but
because I do not understand that any just or
proper interest in California is concerned in
doing a great wrong in a matter of this sort.
I shall vote for it because I have confidence in
the high character of the two very respectable
business firms in San Francisco, (Messrs. ffm.
T. Coleman & Co., and N. G. Kittle & Co.,)
who represent this property which is under
seizure, and for the further reason that I have
no doubt about the facts; and if I had I should
greatly doubt the competency of the Senate to
cometoajust conclusion upon a inatterwhich
has foiled the department intrusted by law with
that very subject beyond all others.
Mr. COLE. I stated that Mr. Purdy had
been sent to California by the last Administra-
tion for a particular purpose. I have been
informed by persons who ought to know that
the report that was made by him was actually
prepared by other persons than himself. 1
know this of that report, that the parties ac-
cused in it never had the slightest shadow of
an opportunity to explain what was stated in
it against them or to vindicate themselves.
That is the kind of a report that it was.
Mr. CASSERLY. _ Will my colleague allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask whether the report
of Mr. Purdy is not wholly or in great part
made up of the sworn testimony of individuals ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour
of two o'clock and fifteen minutes having ar-
rived, it becomes the duty of the Chair to call
up the unfinished business which was laid aside
informally.
Mr. COLE. I shall detain the Senate but a
very few minutes if I cah have an extension
of time.
Several Senators. Go ahead.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California will proceed if there be no ob-
jection. The Chair hears none.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Maine [Mr.
Hamlin] seems to take it for granted that I
have by implication attacked in some way the
distinguished Secretary of the Treasury. In
that respect I thought I had been guarded in
my remarks. I complimented him very highly;
and I now repeat that no man in this Senate or
elsewhere entertains of him any higher opinion
than I myself do.
My proposition is to have this subject re-
ferred in order that a change can be made in the
law, not for the purpose of violating or thwart-
ing the law. I hope a proposition will be re-
ported by the proper committee to put some
restriction upon the examinations of cases of
this kind entirely outside of the courts, entirely
ex parte, and without giving the parties on the
opposite side the least chance of vindicating
their conduct. What are' our courts estab-
lished for unless it is to determine cases of this
sort ? There is clearly, on the testimony I pre-
sented in my remarks at the outset, strong
proof that these spirits are different from those
indicated by the stamps. I have presented
here the reports of the State assayer of Cali-
fornia and of the ex-State assayer, and of other
skillful persons as to the character of the
whisky. It is conceded now on this floor that
there is sugar in it. Sugar cannot be found in
high-wines such as are represented by the
stamps upon these packages to the extent of
one fifth of one per cent, nor the thousandth
part of one per cent. Sugar does not pass
through the pipe in the distillation. It is that
which remains as the residue, and any one who
is acquainted with the sap that runs from the
maple tree knows that sugar is not evaporated ;
it is that which remains. Sugar is found in these
spirits, and that of itself is a fact sufficient to
require this thing to be determined by the courts
of the country. If your courts are not estab-
lished for such a purpose they are of very little
use and had better be abolished than be per-
mitted to exist.
The distinguished Senator from Maine stated
that we should leave the question where the
law places it. That is the very question I
wish should be determined now. I would leave
it where the law properly places it, in the hands
of the officers of the law, to determine as to
whether this fraudulent whisky, as it is alleged
to be and as the proof I have presented here
shows it to be, is whisky different from that
which the stamps under your strict regulations
represent it to be.
1 do not know General Cowan. I never saw
the man. I know but little of his history ; but
I judge him as I judge other men, by what they
do ; and I judge the Commissioner in the same
way. I do not care who he may be or what
his reputation may bo; his actions are the
criterion by which to determine whether he
has acted properly or not.
One word as to Mr. Cowan's letter which has
been read here. Though he puts no fault upon
the collector's office that seized this whisky,
he finds fault with the gaugers and store-
keepers. He forbore, however, to state a fact
which I will stale. The gaugers and store-
keepers are appointed on the recommendation
of the assessor alone, and these officers were
appointed under the strong protest of the col-
lector's office because they were improper men ;
and now complaint is made of the conduct of
the gaugers and storekeepers, for whom the col-
lector and the collector's office who made this
seizure are not at all responsible any more than
any one of you, Senators. Such is the unfair-
ness of the statement made by this General
Cowan and indorsed by this man Fulton.
I wish this matter to go before the Commit-
tee on Retrenchment, to give them a chance to
look into it. I do not wish this resolution to
be disposed of by a postponement. It would
be unjust to do so, and I believe the country
would look upon it in that light. I do not
know what conclusion could be drawn from
such a course of action except that the whisky
interests are the strongest in all controversies.
One further remark. There is a statement
in that letter that persons appointed to office
in California must bo persons who are fearless
of social ostracism or personal violence. That
is a very unjust charge against the people of
San Francisco. They will not ostracize any
officer. They will treat him with respect: and
these officers will be treated with respect, and
have been to the full extent that they deserve
it. I repel the statement that there is any
danger of personal violence to any person
appointed to office in California. It has never
occurred and never will occur; but that is one
of the pretexts resorted to in this scheme to
get this whisky released from the proper cus-
tody of the law. Why, let me ask you, does
that man post back here as soon as he under-
stands that this matter is interrupted ? What
business has he here in the city of Washington
interfering with appointments for California,
coming here with the avowed purpose of as-
sisting in that very matter, as the first two or
three lines in the last clause of the letter, which
was not read, will show ?
Mr. STEWART. I call for the order of
the day.
Mr. WARNER. I wish to make a single
remark.
Mr. STEWART. That would lead to other
remarks. I insist now on the order of the day.
Mr. WARNER. I merely ask the courtesy
of the Senate to allow me to make a single
Mr. STEWART. I shall have to insist some-
where. If I yield now somebody else will want
to make a remark.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business is before the Senate.
STATS OF VIRGINIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 85) declaring Virginia en-
titled to representation in the Congress of the
United States, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Willey to the amendment
of Mr. Edmunds.
The amendment of Mr. Edmunds was to
insert at the end of the resolution the following
proviso:
Provided, That before this resolution shall take
effect each member of the Legislature of said State
and each officer thereof, except such persons as shall
bo affected by the further proviso hereinafter stated,
shall take and subscribe and file in the office of the
secretary of State of Virginia for permanent pres-
ervation an oath in the form following: " I, ,
do solemnly swear that I have never taken an oath
as a member of Congress, or as an officer of the United
States, or as a member of any State Legislature, or
as an executive or judicial officer ol any State, to
support the Constitution of the United States, and
afterward engaged in insurrection or rebellion against
the same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies
thereof; so help mo Qod;" or such person shall in
like manner take, subscribe, and file the following
oath: "I, , do solemnly swear that I have,
by act of Congress of the United States, beta relieved
from the disabilities imposed upon me by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the United
States; so help me God;" which oaths shall be taken
before and certified by any officer lawfully author-
ized to administer oaths. And any person who shall
knowingly swear falsely in taking either of such
oaths shall be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall be
punished therefor by imprisonment not less than one
year and not more than ten years, and shall be fined
not less than $1,000 and not more than $10,000. And
in all trials for any violation of this act the certifi-
cate of the taking of either of said oaths, with proof
of the signature of the party accused, shall be taken
and held as conclusive evidence that such oath
was regularly and lawfully administered by com-
petent authority: And provided further, That every
person who shall neglect for the period of thirty days
next after the passage of this resolution to take, sub-
scribe, and file such oath as aforesaid shall be deemed
and taken, to ail intents and purposes,to have vacated
his office.
The amendment of Mr. Willey was to strike
out the words:
This resolution shall take effect, each, member of
the Legislature of said State, and. each officer thereof,
except such persons as shall be affected by the fur-
ther proviso hereinafter stated.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Any member of the Legislature of said State shall
take his seat, or any officer thereof shall enter upon
the duties of his office, he ;
So as to read :
Provided, That before any member of tho Legisla-
ture oi said State shall take his seat, or any officer
thereof shall enter upon the duties of his office, ho
shall take and subscribe and file in the office of the
secretary of State of Virginia for permanent preser-
vation an oath in the form following, &c.
Mr. WILLEY. I ask leave of the Senate
to make a verbal alteration in my amendment.
Instead of the word "take" before "his
seat" I desire to insert the word "resume."'
