1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5547
private persons against that fund, we should
rather be inclined to facilitate it. It was not
our property. It is not our money. It belongs
to these claimants.
But, sir, admitting that we have the con-
stitutional power, after pardon granted, to
set up a new barrier, to forbid to those par-
doned, under the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, any recourse to the only
court in.which they can assert these claims,
ought we to do it, as a matter of good faith,
of good feeling, of good sense ? It seems to
me the question is too plain for argument. It
is untenable upon any legal ground; it is
untenable upon any logical ground ; and upon
any ground of policy it is the last thing in the
world to which this Government should resort.
The amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware, as last presented, seems to me to reach
the difficulty. Of course I know nothing of
the sentiment of the Senate on this subject.
Its action on the former occasion is not encour-
aging ; but I have felt it my duty to say now,
as I said then, some few words in defense of
what seem to me to be the manifest merits of
this controversy.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from California
appeals to me, and asks me wherein the man
who has accepted a pardon from the President
is in a better position than the loyal man in
the Court of Claims. It is due to the Senator
from California that I should answer that ques-
tion ; and I do it as briefly as possible by refer-
ring to the act of Congress itself which has the
provision in it which gave rise to this contro-
versy. I read it from the act of 1863 :
''That any petition filed under this act shall be
verified by tho affidavit of the claimant, his agent,
or attorney, stating that no assignment or transfer of
said claim, or any part thereof, or any interest there-
in, has been made except as in said petition stated;
that said claimant is justly entitled to tho amount
therein claimed from the United States after allow-
ing all just credits and offsets; and that he believes
the facts as stated in said petition arc true: Provided,
however, That in order to authorize the said court to
lender a judgment in favor of any claimant, if aciti-
zen of the United States, it shall be. set forth in the
petition that the claimant, and tho original and
every prior owner thereof where the claim has been
assigned, has all times borne true allegiance to tho
Gov eminent of the United States, and whether a citi-
zen or not, that he has not in any way voluntarily
aided, abetted, or given encouragement to rebellion
against the said Government, which allegations may
be traversed by the Government, and if on the tria.l
such issue shall be decided against the claimant his
petition shall bo dismissed."
The loyal man, when he goes into court, must
make this allegation in his petition, and he
must make proof of it. The man who goes into
court with a pardon or claiming the benefit of
an amnesty proclamation, goes in with the ac-
knowledgment upon the faee of the pardon that
lie has been in rebellion against the Government
of the United States. The law then provides
that when that appears upon any trial in the
Court of Claims the petition shall be dismissed.
But the Court of Claims has decidedtkatwhen
the pardon is produced, it is not only evidence
of the loyalty of the party, but it wipes out the
very disability, so far as he is concerned, which
is made the ground of dismissal by this act of
Congress when it appears on the part of any-
body else. There is the ground upon which
the man who produces a pardon in the Court
of Claims, under this decision, is given the
advantage over the man who has never been in
rebellion.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania inform us upon what statute that
decision of the Court of Claims was based ?
Mr. SCOTT. As I understand the decision
of the Court of Claims, it covers all the various
statutes, from 1802 down to 1885, which give
court, jurisdiction of varipus classes of
claims. That is my understanding.
Mr. HOWARD. So that, according to the
decision of the court, all that is necessary for
the petitioner to allege is the fact of his hav-
ing received a pardon?
Mr. SCOTT. That f«,ct carries with it not
only the right to sue in tiic court, but removes
certain disabilities upon the appearance of
whichinthe case of another man the suitwould
be dismissed. That is the answer to my friend,
the Senator from California.
As I have risen for the purpose of making
that answer, I deem it necessary to notice a
word or two which fell from him in express-
ing the hope that certain feelings which had
been engendered by the rebellion would soon
disappear and be buried forever, and that we
should hear no more of them. He spoke of
"ignoble feelings" that were kept alive. He
spoke of " malice " being felt and expressed
against persons who had been in the rebellion.
Now, sir, I am no more willing than the Sen-
ator from California is to fan the embers of the
dead strife ; but while I am not willing to stir
up, and much less willing to express any feel-
ing that may properly be characterized as an
ignoble feeling, yet 1' am not willing, here or
elsewhere, to let it go upon the statute-book
that the men who were engaged in that rebel-
lion shall in our legislation have a preference
over loyal men in the regulations which we
make to give them status in our courts. We
are not to be sued unless we will it. The
sovereignty of the nation can say whether it
will or will not give the citizen the right to go
into any court; and when we propose to open
the doors of our court to any of our citizens
we have the right to fix the terms on which
they shall go in and have a standing in that
court.
I care not what rnay be said about the con-
stitutional effect of a proclamation of general
amnesty, or about the constitutional effect of
a pardon issued to an individual; let that be
as it may; yet when we come to determine the
rights upon whichpartics may go into the Court
of Claims we have the righttosay whether their
pardon shall be evidence, or not evidence, of
their right to sue in that court ; and that is all
we have done by this act of Congress. We say
simply that the production of the pardon shall
be, not evidence of their loyalty and of their
right to sue, but shall be evidence that they
are pardoned traitors and have been in rebel-
lion ; and if the word grates upon the ear of
my very amiable friend from California, I can-
not help it, because it is better to call things
by their right names.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is hardly any say-
ing more abused than the saying of "calling
things by their right names." If we should call
things by their right names we could hardly
carry on a discussion together for five minutes
in peace in this body. So much for that.
Men's minds differ so much, especially on sub-
jects that excite them strongly, that if we were
always to call a spade a spade we should con-
stantly be giving each other the greatest offense.
I did not, and I do not, complain of epi-
thets and expletives. They are matter of taste,
as to which everybody must decide for him-
self. I was speaking of more substantive mat-
ters. T was speaking of legislation ; I was
speaking of attempts after you have pardoned
a certain portion of your people to fix upon
them anew the brand of the offense which you
had once forgiven, and to create anew the
penalties which your pardon had extinguished
forever.
iNow, sir, pursue one course or the other.
Bemanly; be consistent. If you pardon them,
let them stand pardoned. If you do not mean
to pardon them, do not pretend to do it. Let
them know where they are. If you mean to treat
them as the captives of your bow and spear, to
pursue a policy founded on the rude right of con-
quest, very good ; I can understand that. I may
doubt the wisdom of it, butitis perfectly intel-
ligible so long as it is consistent. If you intend
to be lenient and merciful to them, and by a
policy of conciliation to win their hearts, as
you have won their territory, that commends
itself to my highest approval; and while it is
pursued consistently and harmoniously it will
be to me the highest and the wisest policy
which this Government, or any Government
under the same circumstances, can pursue.
But I beseech you, sir, when in one breath you
grant a pardon, do not in the next, breath
attempt to take it back. Do not be guilty of.
such Punic faith as that to people who have
no power to protect themselves against your
legislation.
Do not tell me anything about your right to
permit yourselves to be sued upon such terms
as you see fit. Sir, what kind of argument is
that ? What is your Court of Claims founded
upon? Founded upontheprinciplesofeternal
justice, which make a great nation disdain
to cast herself back on her sovereignty, and
forbid her citizens to sue for their lawful rights
in her own court. Having established such a
court as that, why make distinctions? Why
do you impose disabilities on one class of your
people, and not on another, on the ground
that they have not been loyal ?
If they were disloyal once, what have you
done? You have pardoned them; you have
purged them from that offense ; you have made
them as though they had never sinned ; and it
never will do, it never will stand argument or
examination, to say that lest you may make the
rebel who is pardoned as well off in your courts
as the loyal man who never sinned, you must
undo the effect of your pardon, or seek to undo
it at least, and restore all the disabilities which
that pardon removed. I sa^ that will never
do. It is an untenable position. It will bear
no argument and no discussion. It may be
sustained by feeling, by temper, by passion.
It never can be sustained by calm reason or by
justice.
The difficulty of the whole position is this:
that in opening your courts to your people, yon
either open your courts to your whole people,
or if you close them to a part, you do it upon
some ground that is intelligible. Now, so far
as you undertook to impose disabilities to sue
in that court on those who took part in tho
late war for secession, that is an intelligible
ground ; and had you adhered to it and refused
to pardon any of those people, refused i.o re-
store any of them to their lawful rights, refused
to grant to them the great condonation of your
Constitution through the hands of the Chief
Magistrate, that would have been a position,
simple, intelligible, consistent. Men might
differ as to its wisdom; but none could differ
as to the other qualities. But having under-
taken to pardon them, I say it seems to me too
late now to undertake to undo all that, and for
no fault of theirs, for nothing which they have
since done, to attempt to treat them as the
offenders which they once were before they had
your pardon, and to take back, in bad faith,
the great gift of your mercy, of your justice,
and of your wisdom.
There is a feature which I had occasion to
remark upon once before in the amendment of
the Senator from Missouri, which seems to me
exceedingly obnoxious. It is this feature: that
wherever any man has received a pardon, which
pardon is, byits terms, based upon the assump-
tion of his having been a disloyal man, then,
unless in writing he repels and repudiates that
statement, he shall be held to be bound con-
clusively by the recitals in the pardon, so that
he never can contradict them. Mr. President,
is that the spirit in which a great nation should
deal with its people? Some man filled with
trepidation, lest he may lose his all, lest he
may forfeit his station in society and before
the law, applies for a pardon. Being unable to
determine whether certain acts, done without
any criminal intent on his part, amount to a
crime or not, for greater safety he applies for
a pardon, lie receives it. Ho finds it worded
in a particular manner. He does not know the
elfect of those recitals upon him. and indeed
there is no law at that time giving them any
particular force as evidence against him, I muy
assume. Only too happy to leceive this remis-
sion of his offenses in the highest form known
to your law, he receives it. Ho makes no ob-
jection to it. Why should he ? He retains it.
Now comes iu this amendment; and because
