1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2715
is not provisional, the report makes this import-
ant admission:
"It does not follow from this that a Legislature
thus situated, and before the admission of the State,
is inde_pendent of the laws of Congress. Tt. is not.;
but it is thought that tho correction of any misbe-
havior of it or its members rests with Congress and
not with the military."
Now, sir, if the action taken in regard to
Georgia, and especially the passage of the act
of December 22, 1869, means anything at all
it is that the body of men called the Legisla-
ture, which assembled in July, 1868, never
were legally organized as such, but that their
proceedings were had in a rebellious spirit and
in utter disregard' and defiance of the lawful
authority; and it was to correct this very state
of things and to bring order out of chaos that
that act was passed, and especially that the
military arm of the Government was invoked in
aid of the accomplishment of that object; and
if I may be allowed, as the committee has
done, to call to my aid the construction given
to law by the military authorities, it will be
found that General Terry is sustained by the
President, the Secretary of War, and the Gen-
eral of the Army. On the 4th of January,
^870, the "third military district" under the
reconstruction acts, comprising the State of
Georgia, was reestablished by direction of the
President and order of General Sherman, and
General Terry was assigned to the command
with all the powers conferred by the recon-
struction acts. After General Terry had begun
the investigation, with a view to ascertaining
the eligibility of the members of the Legisla-
ture, he asked for instructions, and received
the following dispatch:
Headquarters of the Akmy,
wasuintcton, January 12,1870.
Brevet Major General A. II. Xi-iarv, Atl<<m<t, Georgia:
Your dispatch of this morning shown tho Presi-
dent and Secretary ot War, and the result is in these
woids: "Exerciseyourowndiscretion, If a flagrant
caso arises where a disqualified person proposes to
take the oath investigate the Question of eligibility
and determine for the time being his light."
W. X. SHlillMAiN, General
I concur with the committee, sir, when they
say that the Legislature of tho State of Georgia
was not "independent of the laws of Con-
gress" and "that the correction of any misbe-
havior of it or its members rests with Congress;''
and it was this power that Congress intended
to exercise when it passed the act of Decem-
ber 22, 1869; and, in my judgment, General
Terry was authorized by this act to do sub-
stantially what he hasdone. The seventh sec-
tion of the act reads as follows:
"And be it further enacted, That upon tho applica-
tion of the Governor of Georgia tho President of tho
United States shall employ such military or naval
forces of the United States as may bo necessary to
enforce and execute tho preceding provisions of this
act."
Now, sir, it is not denied that tho Governor
made the necessary application, and that the
President furnished the military forco here con-
templated, and placed General Terry in com-
mand. And for what purpose? Why, to "en-
force and execute" the provisions of this act.
The act provides that the Governor shall, by
proclamation, summon all persons elected to
the General Assembly as appears by the proc-
lamation of General Meade, of June 25, 1868, to
meet on a day tobenamed ; and that thereupon
the Legislature shall "proceed to perfect its
organization." The members are required to
take one of tho oaths prescribed in the act.
"And"—
The act proceeds—
"every person claiming to be so elected who shall
refuse, decline, or netflectorbe unable, totakooneof
said oaths or affirmations above prescribed, shall not
be admitted to aseat in said senate or house of rep-
resentatives, or to participate in the proceedings
thereof, butshall bedeemedineligible to suehseats."
And, is further provided "that the persons
elected as aforesaid, and entitled to compose
such Legislature," after taking the oath shall
proceed "to organize said senate and house of
representatives, respectively by the election and
qualification of the proper officers of each
house."
And, sir, reading this act in the light of tho
facts and circumstances of the case, it seems
to me that we are forced to the conclusion that
Congress, regarding the Legislature as not
legally organized, and apprehending a renewal
of the acts of rebellion and usurpation that
had theretofore characterized its proceeding,
must be held as intending to authorize and to
have authorised the use of the military in the
organization contemplated in the act. With-
out this interposition the Governor would have
been utterly helpless, and we would have found
the same persons composing the Legislature as
at the last preceding adjournment. And this
proceeding was not without precedent. Gen-
eral Canby, as we are well aware, had pursued
tho same course in Virginia, and the same had
been done, no doubt, by the military com-
manders in other States. If the military was
not intended for this purpose why was its aid
provided for at all ? But it is said that penal-
ties are provided in the act for cases of per-
jury and for acts of violence. This is true;
but I regard these as merely cumulative, so to
speak, and not in derogation of the use of the
military, which is also expressly provided for
and directed iu the act.
The result of this action was to exclude
twenty-three of the persons declared elected
by the order of General Meade of June 25,
1868; and I have no doubt they were rightfully
excluded. It is reported by tho committee
that several persons who received'only a minor-
ity of the votes at the election have been seated
in the Legislature by the action of that body
in place of an equal number of those excluded.
This, if true, was following the precedent set
at the time of the exclusion of the colored
members, and is claimed by both parties, I
believe, to be authorized by parliamentary law
and by analogy to a like proceeding authorized
by the code of Georgia in regard to the elec-
tion of certain other civil officers, and may be
regarded as a question about which there may
be an honest difference of opinion. At all
events, this proceeding was not approved by
General Terry, nor did he participate in it; so
that this action is not chargeable to military
iuterposition.
After this examination was concluded the
respective houses elected their respective offi-
cers, completed the organization, and pro-
ceeded to business; and, as required, ratified
the fourteenth amendment, assented to the
fundamental conditions contained in the act
of June 25, 1868, and ratified the fifteenth
amendment; and it is now asked that the State
be allowed representation in Congress.
Aud here, sir, I wish to correct an erroneous
impression made by the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Schuiiz]' in his speech on this bill, to
wit, tha.tthe Legislature since its recent organ-
ization has not ratified the fourteenth amend-
ment or assented to the fundamental conditions
contained in the act of June 25, 18C8, and that
therefore we are thrown back upon the Legis-
lature of July, 1868, for the performance of
these important acts; and that, being under tho
necessity of admitting the validity of these acts
of the Legislature of July, 1868, we are com-
pelled to admit the validity of the Legislature
that performed them. Now, sir, this is all
founded upon a false assumption of facts. As
I stated a moment or two sincc, the Legislature
as organized under the act of December 22,
1869, has ratified the fourteenth amendment
and assented to the fundamental conditions,
as well as having ratified the fifteenth amend-
ment ; and therefore it is not necessary to
resort to the action of the Legislature of July,
1868, for the validity of these acts.
The honorable Senator farther argues that
inasmuch as the act of December 22,1869, did
not repeat the requirements that the Legisla-
ture should ratify the fourteenth amendment,
and assent to the fundamental conditions, it
therefore confirmed the validity of these acts
performed by the Legislature of July, 1868,
and thereby confirmed the validity of the Le-
gislature itself. In this I differ totally with
the honorable Senator. The act of June 25,
1868, haying required these acts to be per-
formed, it was not necessary to repeat "the
requirement in the subsequent act; and the
Legislature of July, 1868, being in my judg-
ment an illegal body, its acts were void, and
this devolved the duty on the Legislature when
it should be legally organized, and the validity
of its organization depends upon its recogni-
tion by Congress.
Mr. President, viewing this subject, as I think
we should, as one of grave State policy, in the
consideration of which the surrounding facts
and circumstances must be regarded, what
should we do with the proposition before us?
Shall we take such action as must inevitably
turn the loyal people of Georgia with all their
rights and interests over to the domination and
tender mercies of the violent and lawless men
who can scarcely be kept obedient to the law
even by the presence and aid of the military;
or shall we, as we rightfully may, continue the
power for the time in the hands of those who
will protect the rights and liberties of all the
people, aud keep the State loyal to the Govern-
ment of the United States?
It is contended on the one side that the term
of the Legislature commenced in 1868, and
will, therefore, under the constitution of the
State, expire in 1870. While on the other side
it is claimed that the term commences with the
recognition by Congress, and if the State is
admitted now it extends to 1872, and that it is
tho right of the members to bold over until that
time.
Now, sir, if the State is adniitted under this
bill it is by recognizing the late organization, and
the validity of the acts which have been per-
formed as conditions-precedent depends en-
tirely on this. If not admitted to representation
these acts go for nothing. The State is not to
be recognized as such until her admission ; and
it seems to me that it should be held that the
constitution must have intended that the offi-
cers should hold their full terms after they
could legally enter upon them and perform
their functions as such. The surrounding cir-
cumstances were known to all; and would not
the constitution providing for a term of two
years be a mere mockery without such con-
struction? Suppose we do not admit the State
until after November next, shall it then be
said that there is no Legislature in Georgia?
That although the present members in legal
and recognized organization have never exer-
cised their functions as such, their term has
expired, and a new election is to be held? And
what, inthatevent, istobecomeofalltheboasted
ratifications of constitutional amendments and
assenting to fundamental conditions ? The so-
called Legislature will have passed away, never
having been recognized by Congress, and of
course all that it has done must pass away with
it as of no force orvalidity. So it may be seen,
sir, that the question is not free from difficulty,
notwithstanding the manifest confidence with
which our friends maintain their position.
My position then, is, that if the State is ad-
mitted now the Legislature is only recognized
from its late organization, and that its term
only runs from that time. And it appears to
me that the convention that framed the State
constitution so understood it; for it will be
seen that the opening sentence of the ordinance
providing " for the first election of officers" un-
der the constitution declares that" Whereas all
civil officers of the State are only provisional,
until the State is represented in Congress," &c'.
Now, what does provisional mean? The au-
thorities tell us that it means "temporary,"
" provided for present need," "for the occa-
sion not permanent, not fixed in their posi-
tions for the time prescribed in the constitution,
but to act as such merely until the State is ad-
mitted to representation. And to prevent and
preclude any misconstruction, the officers are
