460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
this is to do it—and that is the distinction to
which I am glad the Senator calls his own at-
tention—if twenty men resign they frustrate
future legislation; but does that go back and
upset the ratification of the fifteenth amend-
ment? Not at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How does this?
Mr. CONKLING. Because you say that
this act shall not take effect, that Virginia shall
not come in, until this oath has been taken. Is
it not so?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; read it.
Mr. CONKLING. "Provided, that before
this resolution shall take effect each member
of the Legislature," &c. The objection was
made that if one member omitted to take the
oath that would frustrate the act, and there-
fore I understand the Senator to have so modi-
fied it that not the refusal of a single one, but
the refusal only of a majority of one House or
the other can have that effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It contains no such pro-
vision as that. The modification, which I
thought was unnecessary but which I made to
harmonize views and not to stand upon verbal
criticism when you can correct it, now only
makes the enacting part of this resolution—it
is really merely permissive—apply only to
those persons who within the thirty days are
willing to take this oath which shall purge
them of any objection under the fourteenth
amendment; and it declares as to the others,
not as to the body, but as to each individual
in it who refuses to take this oath, that he is
out of office; that is all.
Mr. CONKLING. Then will the Senator
answer me this question : if twenty men refuse
to do it is not the Legislature broken up ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No more than it is by the
resignation of twenty men.
Mr. CONKLING. That is another ques-
tion. Is not the Legislature broken up if
twenty men refuse to take it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is, provided my friend
is right about the constitution of Virginia,
which I do not know, and provided there are
no means of filling the vacancies.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator from
New York allow me to ask the Senator from
Vermont one question?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to ask the Senator
from Vermont whether he intends to have it
understood that at the end of thirty days the
i-esolution shall take effect, without regard to
the number who fail to qualify ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the effect of this
resolution as it stands. If it should happen
that the whole body of the Legislature should
refuse to conform to a plain requirement of a
constitutional law—becausenobody on any side
of the House questions our power to make a
provision of this kind, as I understand—I con-
fess I should be a good deal disposed to unite
with my friend from Indiana, who spoke so
strongly about Georgia the other day, in under-
taking to regulate the state of affairs in Virginia
so as to endeavor to put that loyal people on
its feet again. But I do not anticipate any
such thing. The resolution as it stands, just as
the original act as to Georgia as it stood, would
have completed the work; but if it should turn
out that the whole body of that Legislature and
the whole body of officers elected to office in
that State are now ineligible and cannot take
these oaths, and therefore we are forced in order
to vindicate the constitution to disorganize their
government, I should be ready for one with
my friend to take that step to enable that peo-
ple to reorganize themselvos.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Secretary to
read the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont as it stands modified now by him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Secretary read as follows:
Provided, That before this resolution shall take
effect each member of the Legislature of said State
and each officer thereof, except such persons as shall
be affected by the further proviso hereinafter stated,
shall take and subscribe and file in the omee or the
secretary of the State of Virginia 
Mr. CONKLING. That is enough. Now,
if I am wrong I will thank the Senator from
Vermont to set me right in this respect: the
senate of Virginia consists of forty men; I beg
him to take that on my statement; here lies
the constitution, which ho can read. Now,
should twenty men, members of the senate,
fail or refuse to take this oath, will the senate
be broken up or not?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will undoubtedly be
broken up on that point.
Mr. CONKLING. In the second place, I
ask the Senator whether being broken up this
resolution will take effect until it is reinstated
or the vacancies filled ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will take effect.
Mr. CONKLING. And the State will be
recognized, notwithstanding ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, if the Senator from
Vermont, having answered my question in that
way, will make an argument to prove that that
is the construction of this amendment, he will
make an argument which has not yet been
heard in the Senate, and which I cannot de-
rive from these words. That is all I have to
say about that.
The proposition as it would stand modified
by the amendment of the Senator from West
Virginia would have the effect which the Sen-
ator from Vermont now attaches to it; that is,
it would vacate the place of every man who
does not take the oath ; but it would have no
other effect; and then if the result should be to
reduce the Legislature to less than a quorum,
the requisite step would have to be taken to
fill the vacancies, but in the mean time the
ratification of the fifteenth amendment, for
example, would stand. Why? Because we
recognize the State, and the moment we do
that the act, although inchoatc now, becomes
complete. So in other respects the resolution
would take effect. But as the Senator from
Vermont insists upon it, and as it will be
should this amendment of the Senator from
West Virginia be rejected, I cannot under-
stand how the Senator from Vermont is able
to say that it would take effect in any respect
whatever. Therefore my objection is this:
that in the light of the evidence presented to
us—a memorial which has been commented on,
and other evidence—we can see but too clearly
that on all sides there are men, making to-
gether a considerable body, to whom I would
a little rather notdelegate the power to determ-
ine for us hereafter whether this legislation is
to be void or not.
If the purpose is simply to subject every
member of the Legislature to take an oath
which shall search him in regard to his eligibil-
ity under the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution, I am very glad to vote for that.
I think that is wholesome, and I am very glad
to vote for anything that is really a safeguard.
But if the proposition is, as I cannot doubt
upon this amendment it must be, to deposit
with a small number of men the power to assent
to this legislation going forward, or the power
to veto it by simply folding their hands and
staying at home, then I submit that it is no
safeguard, but that it is placing the question
upon the perilous edge of very doubtful con-
tingencies.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I am very
averse to voting for any amendment to the bill
reported by the Judiciary Committee. I re-
gard that bill as containing precisely what it is
the duty of the Senate to do. I think so be-
cause, having in this body voted for the various
supplemental reconstruction bills, I know what
I intended in voting for those bills. I know
that I meant that if the State of Virginia should
carry out all the provisions which we incor-
porated in those bills for her to perform, I as
a member of this body would thereupon con-
sent to her restoration to her normal relations
to the Union. And, sir, in the light of the
history of the last six months, I am prepared
to say here that the State of Virginia has with
the utmost good faith, so far as her public action
and the action of her people at the polls is con-
cerned, done all that in those reconstruction
laws we required her to do; and in voting
for those laws, in imposing upon her people
the conditions contained in those laws, what-
ever other Senators did, I at any rate pledged
my faith that after she had done what she has
done I would vote for her readmission. Now,
the bill of the Judiciary Committee proposes
identically this and no more. It proposes to
carry out the pledge which I made; and hence
I prefer to vote for it precisely as it stands.
But I see that many Senators, conflicting in
their views, indeed, among themselves, desire
to place some additional condition, restriction,
or safeguard about the restoration of Virginia;
and I, in consideration of the probabilities of
the result of the final vote in this Senate, must
so vote as least to hamper the restoration of
that Commonwealth.
The amendment proposed by the Senator
from Vermont is susceptible of directly con-
tradictory interpretations. The Senator from
Vermont and the Senator from New York,
both members of the Judiciary Committee,
both high in reputation in this body and in
the country as lawyers, have distinctly oppo-
site views as to the meaning of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Vermont.
That ig enough to condemn it. We ought not
to send such a law to guide, or rather mis-
guide, the action of the Legislature of Virginia.
We sent down to Georgia the other day a law
capable of a dozen different constructions, and
the result is that to-day the Governor of Geor-
gia is exercising the power of the sovereign of
England and proroguing the Legislature of that
State, and the military commander of Georgia
is appointing a military commission to decide
upon the qualifications of the members-elect
to the General Assembly of Georgia! Sir,
when we are legislating for the restoration of
these States let us take instruction by an ex-
ample so recent.
But the amendment proposed by the Senator
from West Virginia to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Vermont is clear
and plain. It accomplishes precisely what the
the great body of sentiment in the Senate in-
dicates as being desirable, for now I believe
there' is no one here who holds that existing
lav/requires the administration of the test-oath.
Mr. SUMNER. I hold that most sincerely,
after a most careful examination of the statutes.
Mr. FERRY. I had supposed that the de-
bate of the last two or three days upon that
subject had convinced even the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. I think that
the letter of General Canby is impregnable and
unanswerable, and all the criticisms upon it
have fallen to the ground.
Mr. FERRY. I am aware that the Senator
from Massachusetts never abandons a position
which he has once taken. Excepting, then,
the Senator from Massachusetts from the gen-
eral tenor of the remark which I have just
made, I say that is evidently the opinion of the
great body of the Senate that existing law does
not require the administration of the test-oath;
but it is also the opinion, doubtless, of the ma-
jority of the Senate, perhaps of all the Senate,
that no person disqualified by the third section
of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States ought to be a mem-
ber of the Legislature of Virginia; and if there
be any person holding a seat in that body dis-
qualified by the fourteenth amendment, provis-
ion ought to be made—perhaps here—for his
removal from his seat there, though in my
judgment the place where that power should
be exercised is ia the house of which such a
person is a member; and it is safer for the
country, it is safer for Virginia, it is safer for
