2716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
not simply declared '' provisional," but "only-
provisional. "Now, sir, when the convention that
made the constitution, in providing for putting
it in operation, have declared that these officers
are not permanent, but "only provisional,"
shall we undertake, as by the first proviso of
this bill it is undertaken, to declare that they
arc permanent, and that their terms commenced
when they were elected?
And, in my judgment, this is the law at all
events if this convention had not so declared.
The sixth section of the act of March 2, 18G7,
provides—
"That until the peoploof said rebel States shall be
bv law admitted to representation in tho Congress
of the United States, any civil governments which
may exist therein shall be deemed provisional only,
and in all respects subject to tho paramount authority
of tho United States at any time to abolish, modify,
control, or supersede tho same."
And there is nothing in subsequent acts incon-
sistent with this provision. The act of Decem-
ber 22, 18G9, only provides for the organization
of the Legislature—a matter, be it remembered,
that had not before been expressly provided
for, and the necessity for which became ap-
parentinthiscase—and has nothing in it incon-
sistent with the act of March 2, 1867. I am
compelled to conclude, therefore, that these
officers were to be regarded as temporarily in
office until the State was admitted to repre-
sentation in Congress, and when by such ad-
mission they were recognized, and not before,
they were t.o begin their respective terms.
These are the conclusions to which, it seems
to me, we should come on the important and
disturbing questions involved in this contro-
versy; but, sir, there is a difference of opinion
upon them, and if we admit the State without
settling them we have solemn and limely warn-
ing, in the spirit manifested in Georgia, of the
evil that must follow such indecisive action.
These questions must be settled somewhere.
There is no escape. If we do not do it here
we thereby remand them to Georgia, there to
further continue and increase the anarchy and
violence now prevailing in that State. Shall
we shrink from our duty and pursue a course
fraught with so much evil? Should we not
rather, sir, take the responsibility and settle
these questions in this bill? Not in the inter-
est of the rebellious and lawless element in
Georgia, as would the first proviso as it now
stands; but in the interest of loyalty and good
government and of the peace of the country.
This, in my judgment, can be done by adopt-
ing the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] which was de-
feated yesterday when the Senate was sitting
as in Committee of the Whole, and for which
I then voted. And with this view, and to put
an end to strife and contention, 1 shall most
cheerfully give my vote for that amendment
again, if offered in tho Senate proper.
It is evident that the convention in framing
the constitution of Georgia contemplated ac-
tion of this character ; for it will be seen that
it expressly provides for such contingency in
section eleven, article eleven, which reads as
follows:
14 Should this eonstitu'ionbe ratified by tho peoplo
and Congress accept the same with any qualifications
or conditions, tho government herein provided for
and the officers elected shall novel cheless exist and
continue in tho exorcise of their several iu-nctions as
the government of this Slate, so far as the same may
bo consistent with the action of tho United States m
tho premises."
But the power to fix the time for the first
election as a condition of admission, even if in
conflict with the State constitution, cannot be
consistently denied at this late day, after the
repeated instances of like action in regard to
other States in process of reconstruction, and
especially since, by tho act of June 25, 1868,
Congress undertook in express terms to amend
the constitution of Georgia, and required the
Legislature to assent to such amendment be-
fore the State should be admitted to repre-
sentation.
Sir, we possess the constitutional power to
settle this unhappy controversy here, and the
necessity for its exercise cannot be doubted.
Let us not take counsel of our fears when pos-
itive and unequivocal action is demanded by
the case before us. Let us not bo moved by
that dread of public opinion which seems to
haunt some of the members of this body ; for
the American people have shown that they have
a keen appreciation of the right in this matter
of reconstructing the rebel States. And above
all, let us not be deterred by the warning that
such action will increase the violence of the
rebellious element in the State of Georgia.
We should not be driven from our duty on
account of any such unmanly considerations.
But let us, with the right in view, exercise the
power which in my judgment we may, and we
will thereby give protection to the rights and
liberties of the people of Georgia and promote
the peace of the whole country.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President, it is with a
great deal of reluctance that I undertake to
address the Senate at all upon the subject of
reconstruction, and more especially so after
the length of time that has been consumed
upon it and after the manifestation on the part
of tho Senate of a disposition to come to a
vote. I should not obtrude any remarks upon
tho Senate except under a sense of duty aris-
ing out of what has been said by many Sen-
ators in regard to matters that seem to be so
intimately connected with my own State and
with my own section of tho Union that I feel
as if silence on my part any longer would not
be in accordance with the duty 1 owe to them,
and perhaps the duty which 1 owe to the Sen-
ate.
Mr. President, I understand very well that
in this whole matter of reconstruction the
Congress of the United States had two duties
to perform; and I am willing to accedc to the
proposition that it was indispensably necessary
that they should perform the second as well as
the first. When the war closed there was found
in some of tho States of this Union no existing
government. Then the guarantee clause of the
Constitution made it obligatory upon Congress
to establish governments republican in form in
those States. If this had been the only duty
which Congress had to perform I imagine it
might have been done very easily and with
very little consumption of time. But Congress
undertook, in addition to performing this duty,
to perform another, which, from all that I can
learn in the discussion that has gone on upon
this question and the others which have pre-
ceded it of a kindred nature, has been con-
sidered by Congress, and especially by the
Senate, as of more vital importance to tho
interests of the Government than the simple
discharge of the duty of setting up govern-
ments for the reconstructed States. That duty
can be summed up in an expression that wo
often hear on this floor: to establish a recon-
struction policy, the reconstruction policy of
Congress; that is to establish those great prin-
ciples which are supposed to have been settled
by the results of the war, and to put them upon
such a footing as to secure the future peace
and safety of the Republic.
I have said that I admitted there was as much
importance to be attached to the performance
of this second duty as of tho first; and I con-
ceive that in the question that is now before us
both duties are involved. Sir, the reconstruc-
tion policy of Congress is not established.
When Georgia shall have been admitted into
the Union, the last of the States will have
had a republican government established in its
borders ; the duty of Congress under the guar-
antee clause of the Constitution will have been
discharged. Bat, sir, reconstruction and those
great principles that we were told were ne-
cessary to be established in order to secure the
future safety of this Republic will not have then
been put beyond peradventure.
I have listened to this discussion with a great
deal of interest. I have not been among those
who were anxious to see it brought to a con-
clusion by a speedy vote upon these proposi-
tions. I think the discussion has been useful,
and that if it be continued in the direction that
it has been assuming since the amendment of
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Drake] was
offered it will be of service to the country.
I have had but one opinion from the very
beginning of this discussion as to what was
proper to be done in the case before us. I have
listened anxiously to all the constitutional aqd
legal arguments that have been offered on both
sides, and I have been anxious to change the
opinion with which I set out in the very begin-
ning of this matter; but I have not been able
to do so, and perhaps it is just as well to
announce now that my judgment has been
that the correct course for us to pursue was
that indicated by tho amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,] which I
understand to be now pending. I do not say
that that amendment should be adopted pre-
cisely in its present form without some addi-
tions, and I shall suggest before I take my seat
additions to the amendment, which I believe
are important to its efficacy, if adopted, aud
necessary to a proper discharge of the duty
that we have in hand.
Mr. President, when the State of Georgia
sent her constitution here to be examined bf
Congress preparatory to her admission as a
State, the duty of the United States Govern-
ment was to see whether that constitution was
republican in form. It was discovered imme-
diately that there was a feature in it in regard
to the collection of debts which contravened
the Constitution of the United States. I admit
that as soon as that was discovered it was neces-
sary that it should be ordered to come out of
that constitution. Whether it was strictly an
anti-republican provision, because it contra-
vened the Constitution of the United States or
not, it ought to have been ordered out of that
constitution. Georgia should not have been
accepted, and could not be properly, in my
judgment, by Congress while that feature
remained in her constitution.
You proceeded to say that the objectionable
feature must come out preparatory to the admis-
sion of the State; but, sir, how was it provided
that it should come out? It was said that the
Legislature of the State must agreo to the re-
quirement of Congress that the clause should
not be in the constitution. I submit as aquestion
that ought to be considered here, whether that
Legislature had the right to consent to a change
in the constitution of the State of Georgia, or
an amendment to it in any particular whatever.
Yet that seemed to be entirely satisfactory to
Congress. The Legislature assented to that
change—a Legislature invested with no such
power, a Legislature elected under the consti-
tution. Senators need not refer me to the fact,
that by an ordinance of the convention which
adopted the constitution something was said
contemplating some alteration by Congress.
An examination will show that the only intent1
of that ordinance was to provide for the con-
tinuation of the holding of the officers elected
under the constitution. There is nothing in it
that authorizes the Legislature of Georgia to
give any validity to any proposed amendment
of tho constitution of that State. Sir, unless
Congress takes the ground that it has tho right
to amend by its edict the constitution of a State,
under the circumstances presented in the Geor-
gia case, 1 do not see how it is possible for any
one to suppose that the provision in regard to
the collection of debts is not to-day a part of
the constitution of Georgia, and will not be so if
the State is admitted without anything further.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. POOL. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator whether, if Congress had taken no
action whatever as to that clause of the consti-
tution, but had simply approved the constitu-
tion as a whole, they would not have done it
subject to the paramount authority of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and whether it
