1772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
small type, we see that it becomes utterly im-
possible, within such a compass as to allow
general distribution of the information that
should be conveyed in this work, to give such
information. And hence we are met with the
objection on all hands that the Patent Office
report is comparatively valueless, for the rea-
son that it fails to give thepeoplethe informa-
tion which such a book ought to give. The spe-
cifications, instead of being full and complete,
are merely abstracts. They contain merely
suggestions oftentimes misleading instead of
aiding the inventors. And the illustrations—
such a large number of patents have been
poured upon the Patent Office—instead of being
full and complete drawings, are merely frag-
mentary in their character, so that oftentimes
it becomes a matter of great difficultyfor an in-
ventor, looking at the illustrations, todetermine
what the character of the invention is which the
drawings are designed to illustrate. _
I find, too, that in this opinion which I have
expressed I am entirely in accordance with
the views of the Commissioner of Patents, a
practical man, who has devoted his time and
abilities to the interest of that department. I
quote here what the Commissioner of Patents
says with reference to the report as now pub-
lished :
"The expense of producing it is now over two
hundred thousand dollars per annnm. It is true that
this amount has not been paid out of the patent fund;
the report has beenpublishedasadocumentby Con-
gress. Nevertheless, as a portion of the eipense of
preparing it is borne by the office, it is proper to refer
to it here.
"I doubt if a sufficient advantage accrues to the
country from the publication of this report to justify
the expense. Its bulk is such that itcannot be pub-
lished until from eighteen months to two years after
the expiration of the year iu which the patents are
issued. The claims are. in most instances, unintelli-
gible without the specifications, even with the aid of
the abstracts and engravings; while the engravings
themselves are not and cannot be copies of all the
drawings or figures accompanying the patent. A
large number of patents have more than one figure,
sometimes twenty. In the printed reports, one, or
at most two, are given, for want of space toido better.
Such mere sketches of the patent and drawings, in
many cases, do more harm than good. They mislead
the public, instead of instructing it."
Such is the opinion of the Commissioner of
Patents with reference to this report. But
there is another reason why this report has
lost a great deal of i ts value, and that is because
as now prepared it is utterly impossible for
the Government to issue It in a space short of
from eighteen months to two years, and hence
what might have been valuable at the time the
patents were first issued has become utterly
valueless at the time the report is published.
I come now to explain to the House the
manner in which we propose to meet all these
difficulties and at the same time subserve the
interests of the inventors, of the people, and
of the Government. We propose to give to
the people a full, complete, entire transcript
of the records of the Patent Office in connec-
tion with those patents. Instead of giving the
claims and amere abstract of the specifications,
we intend to give them in full. Instead of
giving partial drawings and illustrations, we
propose to give the full drawings of tie ma-
chinery with reference to which the patent is
used, so that a man on taking up the illustra-
tion may see not only the patent which has
been patented, but may see also a drawing of
the machinery to which the patent applies.
We not only propose to do that, but we pro-
pose that this book shall be issued, not at the
end of eighteen months or two years, but that
it shall emanate from the Patent Office at the
close of every week, thus giving to the people
complete and early information of the trans-
actions of the Department.
But it will occur to everybody that it will be
impossible for the committee to say that, with
an enlarged publication, at such an early period
we shall be able to distribute it as generally
as has been done under the plan previously
adopted. We propose no such thing. This
work has already increased to such an extent
that when a member sends a copy of it to his
constituent he does it at an expense of $12 60
to the Government, to say nothing of the post-
age, which will have to be paid when the Senate
concurs with this House in abolishing the frank-
ing privilege.
I want the House clearly to understand what
the committee recommend, and unless they
follow me in what I am saying I fear I shall
not gain the support of the House. I want to
hear all the objections that can be urged to our
plan, and then unless we can answer those
objections we do not expect the support of the
House.
We propose that this book so issued every
week, containing the full specifications and full
drawings, shall be sent to not exceeding one
hundred places; to the capital of every State
in the Union, and to the clerk's office of the
district court of every judicial district in the
Union. Now, what is the object of this? It is
that at these central points men may be put in
possession of all the information that they could
acquire with reference to patents by coming
here to Washington. At present if a man de-
sires information concerning a patent which he
sees notice of in his country newspaper he sends
to Washington, perhaps to a solicitor of patents,
at a large expense, and obtains that informa-
tion. Now, these books being placed at central
points, the newspapers themselves, or if not
them the solicitors of patents interested in ob-
taining the book, will see that the list of patents
issued, certainly those to that section of the
country, is published in the local paper.
I had the other day put in my possession
the Chicago Republican, which contained a
list of western patents issued. For illustra-
tion I call attention to the patent of James
K. Thompson for wooden pavement. Suppose
a man is interested in that patent. He lives,
we will say, in Peoria, where none of these
books can be found; but he knows that the
Government has supplied itself with complete
specifications and complete illustrations at the
time when that patent was issued, and he sits
down and writes to the Commissioner of Patents
that he requires those specifications and those
illustrations forwarded to him, and the Com-
missioner of Patents at the trifling expense of
ten cents furnishes him with the information;
while without this new plan it would cost him,
in case he had to apply to a solicitor of patents
or obtained the drawings and specifications,
perhaps from five to seven dollars, or at the
cheapest rate at which they are supplied by
the Government it would cost him one dollar,
instead of ten cents as by this new plan.
Mr. WINANS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. LAFLIN. Certainly.
Mr. WINANS. I understand that it is pro-
posed by this new plan to have one hundred
copies of the Patent Office report, embracing
all the drawings and specifications, deposited
in each of a given number of places. Will the
gentleman inform us what will be saved in the
matter of printing, and whether the saving will
be anything more than for paper and press-
work for the balance of what has usually been
published?
Mr. LAFLIN. I do not know that members
heard the question which was asked me by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Winans.] If he
will do me the honor to listen to the close of
my remarks he will find it was entirely unne-
cessary to ask me the question. Most assuredly
I do not propose to come before this House
and ask them to adopt a resolution so radical
in its character as this is without making them
acquainted with the comparative cost of the
old and new methods.
I have been asked by a gentleman who sits
near me, why limit the number of copies in
any depository to one hundred? We have
two reasons for that; one is because of the
expense, the other is because we do not believe
there would be many localities that would want
to furnish the room for these books. But
before I have concluded my remarks I will pat
the House in possession of such information
that they can act intelligently upon any prop-
osition that may be submitted to the House for
an increase of the number of copies. I might
add here that the plan we propose is a plan
that has been in vogue in England for the last
twenty years. They do not do it in the style
that we propose to do it, but in an enlarged
and more expensive manner. They give their
books to whatever parties or librarians will
bind them and mount them, the illustrations
being very large.
I now come to what ought to be, and I have
no doubt, to a House devoted to economy as
I believe this is, will be a very interesting part
of what I have to say ; and if the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Winaxs] will now give me his
attention I will explain to him and to the House
what this work is going to cost. I have here a
calculation, based upon the report of 1867, to
show the cost of the new plan as compared
with the cost of the old plan. We have gone
to the Printing Office; we have found what is to
be the average cost of these specifications, for
they have been for some time printing the spe-
cification for each patent; and we have thereby
ascertained the number of pages on the aver-
age that will be issued. We also know from
experience the number of illustrations that will
accompany these patents. We have obtained,
ex cathedra, a statement from the Congres-
sional Printer as to the cost of composition,
paper, and press-work.
And now, before I state the estimated cost
of the new plan, I desire to say that by the
record—for we have the statistical evidence
upon this point—the cost of publishing the
Patent Office report for 186? was $234,602 32.
Now suppose we had adopted the plan now
proposed by the committee—a plan more per-
fect in its character, and giving earlier and
better information; that report would have cost
the Government of the United States the sum
of $59,940. That would have been a saving
to the Government for that year alone of
$174,662 32.
I notice that my colleague on the Committee
on Printing [Mr. Cake] is getting the attention
of some of the members of the House. I de-
sire to say to those members and to this House
that the book which my colleague is circulating
is not the book we intend to publish nor any-
thing like it.
Mr. CAKE. I call the gentleman to order.
I am not circulating any book; and I want
members of the House to understand that I
am opposed to the plan of the gentleman, and
I want him to give me a chance to say so.
Mr. LAFLIN. Certainly.
Mr. CAKE. Gentlemen here asked me to
give them some information concerning a book
brought here by the gentleman from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Jexckes,] and I have tried to
do so.
Mr. LAFLIN. I make all proper apologies
to my colleague on the committee. I did not
intend any affront to him.
Mr. CAKE. I hope that the gentleman will
give me a chance, now that the question is up,
to say something upon the matter.
Mr. LAFLIN. Certainly. I will do so at
the proper time.
Mr. Speaker, it was perhaps unnecessary
for me to refer to that large tome there on
the desk, because I had already stated to the
House 
Mr. CAKE. Will not my colleague yield
to me now for half a minute?
Mr. LAFLIN. The gentleman must excuse
me at the present time.
Mr. CAKE. I want to make a single remark.
The book exposed to view on the desk of the
chairman of the Committee on Patents [Mr.
Jenckes] was brought there by him to illustrate
remarks which he proposes to make on this
subject. I shall perhaps make use of that book
myself.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, if this inter-
ruption has resulted in calling the attention of
