1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4605
not been urged for carrying forward actively
the sea-coast defenses, because certain trials
of the penetrating power of the new ordnance
on earth, sand, masonry, and iron had first to
be made before the modifications that the de-
fenses must undergo could be ascertained. For
Jhese reasons mainly 110 regular appropriations
have been made for fortifications since March,
18t>7. For the current fiscal year $200,000 we re
appropriated for the preservation and necessary
repair of these works, but nothing for their mod-
ified ion and enlargement.
The propriety or policy of fortifying our sea-
hoard harbors against the inroads of hostile
eruicers has repeatedly been the subject of
legislative examination and of reports by com-
mittees of Congress, (see report No. 80 House
of Representatives, Thirty-Seventh Congress,
second session,) and in every ca^e, 1 believe,
the wisdom of this mode of defense has been
vindicated. The events of the last few years
have given a new impulse to this subjept of
bea-eoast defenses everywhere.
Indeed the whole civilised world recognizes
coast and harbor fortifications as one of the
surest and safest national defenses in time of
war, and especially in a war with a foreign
Power ; and all the more advanced nations are
now actively engaged in making experiments
which shall give increased strength to their
fortifications. Each nation, too, is trying to
conceal from all the others, as far as possible,
such discoveries as it may have made from
time to lime in this matter of its national de-
fenses. These discoveries are regarded as
State secrets. and are not divulged through
published official reports or in any other au-
thorized manner by the Government through
■whose officers they have been made. V/hen
obtained by other Governments it is usually
through irregular or indirect means. This 13
■particularly the case in regard to the more im-
portant and valuable discoveries or inventions.
If we shall keep pace with the other great na-
tions of the world, therefore, m the improvement
of our national defenses we must, from time to
time, make appropriations of such reasonable
sums 'of money as may be necessary tor that
purpose.
The trust and confidence the people of the
country feel in coast defenses was shown by Hie
urgent demand made by the citizens of New
England for increased defenses of ihcir coast
during our late civil war, v/hen threatened by a
single armed cruiser of the so-called confeder-
ate States, as well as by the appeal which came
from New York city when it was supposed
the iron clad Merrimac would be able 10 push
through our fleet of vessels at Hampton Uoads
aud get to sea.
It is a conceded fact thatour forts and otner
defenses are not in a condition to have mounted
upon them our largest and most reliable guns,
such guns as the Government would now rely
upon in case of a war and as are now ready to
.be placed in position for use. In other words,
our guns have wholly outgrown our fortifica-
tions ; and it is to enlarge a few of our most
important defenses, so as to make them avail-
able for Gur largest guns, that the Committee
on Appropriations have consented to report
the bill we are considering.
The War Department has asked ns to appro-
priate $4,390,400 for the ensuing fiscal year,
to be used in carrying 011 this work: but iii
view of the many extraordinary demands 011 the
Treasury, and the absolute need of economy
everywhere in the present condition of the
country, we have cut down the amount to be
appropriated this year to $1,204,750. In con-
sidering the various works estimated for. the
committee attempted to classify them,as to their
relative importance, into three classes. v\ e
have included in the works appropriated for
only those we estimated as belonging to the
iirst class, having reference either to their com-
mercial or strategic importance, and 011 those
■works we have reduced the amounts estimated
for at least fifty per cent., and in perhaps two
instances much more than ,t,hat. Portland har-
bor, jn the State of Maine, "we did not regard
as belonging to the first class in all respects;
but in view of its proximity to Canada, and of
its strategic importance in many particulars,
we resolved to treat it as of that class.
To understand the modifications' now pro-
posed ,by the Government it is well to bear in
mind that the present system of works along
our coast consists of easemated structures built
of masonry, in which the guns are mounted
under bomb-proofs, and fire through openings
in the walls called embrasures, or of barbette
batteries, in which the gun is mounted behind
a parapet or mound of earth, firing over its
top; or, of b-ot'ti of these methods combined,
the latter case being almost universally the
rule, as for ipstance the works for the defense
of New York harbor upon Stateu Island.
Experiments have proved that the present sys-
tem of spa-coast defense will answer all the
ends desired; it is only in their details that the
works need to be changed, in order to suit them
to the modern armaments.
For the present it is not proposed to do any-
thing to the easemated parts of our fortifica-
tions, or t.o construct new masonry structures;
nor will any modifications of existing casemates
be attempted until experiments at home or
abroad have succeeded in perfecting a cheap
shield for the casemate embrasures which
shall be invulnerable against attacks of rea-
sonable duration by the solid shot of the
largest caliber of guns used on shipboard.
When such a shield to surround the muzzle
of the guns, in casemate embrasure, can be
obtained experiments have demonstrated that
the existing easemated structures can at mod-
erate cost be so arranged as to retain against
the largest guns on iron-clad ships the advan-
tages which guns ashore have heretofore pos-
sessed against guns afloat upon wooden ships.
As said before, the question with us now is to
devise a comparatively inexpensive shield,
which, placed in the gun recess of the case-
mates, will afford the necessary protection ; and
until that is devised nothing can be done t5 the
casemates of our works.
With the barbette batteries, however, it is
different. They must be modified not only so
as to secure more room for the enlarged cannon,
bat also to afford greater resistance against
the enlarged projectiles thrown against them.
Their modification will consist chiefly in the
enlargement of the sand or earthen parapet,
making them higher and thicker, the widening
of their terrepluins—the part of the battery
where the guns are placed—and in the intro-
duction of additional earthen traverses between
the guns for bomb-proofs and magazines.
The guns proposed to be put in position along
our coast are larger and heavier than any ever
before used in coast defenses. We haye a
fifteen-inch gun which throws a shot weighing
four hundred and fifty pounds. We have also
a twelve-inch rifle gun which throws a shot
weighing six hundred and fifty pounds. We
have also a twetify-ineh gun which throws a
shot of the enormous weight of eleven hundred
pounds. These shot are thrown at velocities
varying from twelve to fifteen hundred feet per
second. Such guns with their carriages weigh
about sixty-four, sixty-six, and one hundred
and fifty thousand pounds respectively, and will
require very heavy machinery, great labor, aud
much time to move them to the outlying points
and headlands where it is proposed to mount
them for the defense of our harbors.
As I have already stated, our fortifications
! have first to be enlarged and prepared for these
guns. This enlargement and preparation, and
this work of moving and mounting these im-
mense guns must, all taken together, constitute a
work ofeonsiderablc duration: and can be much
more economically and properly done in time
of profound peace ihan during the agitation
and excitement of some great emergency. Sir,
we cannot, in my judgment, either wisely or
safely postpone such precautionary measures
as these until some hostile fleet shall be ready
to enter our harbors and bombard our cities.
It has been well.said that—- . - '
"Neither our geographical position, nor our for-
bearance. nor the equity of our policy, cap always
avail under the rotation in which it is our destiny to
stand to the rest o f the world. W0 are admonished
by history to bear in ipind that war e,in not at all
times be avoided, however pacific and forbearing
our policy; and that nothing will conduce more to
an uninterrupted peace than that state of prepara-
tion which exposes 110 weak point to the hostility,
and offers no gratification to the cupidity, of the other
nations of the earth,"
The platforms, too, upon which these guns
are to be mounted, and which have to resist
the shock of thjj firing, must be proportionably
strong, and built of iarge masses of granite
deeply imbedded in and founded upon broad
concrete bods. jPhe parapets, which formerly
were but ten feet in thickness, will have to be
made from twenty-five to forty feet thick, (ae-
cording as they are of sand or earth,) and the
sand or earth out of which they and the trav-
erses are hnilt will in the majority of cases
have to be carried to the points fortified, more
particularly along the rocky shores of New
England and the Pacific coast.
The modifications of the barbette batteries,
as above indicated, arc not all that the War
Department proposes to do for the defense of
our harbors. Torpedoes, obstructions, and
heavy mortar batteries will be used in connec-
tion with the other defenses, to destroy ships
attempting to enter our harbors. (See Ho.
Heps. Ex. Doc. No. 271, Forty-First Congress,
second session.)
There may be those, Mr. Chairman, who
believe our harbors can be more readily and
reliably defended by iron-clad ships of war and
other floating structures. Indeed, I am quite
assured that there are many very well-informed
persons on most subjects who seem to have an
idea of this kind pressed upon them ; and
especially do such persons seem to think that
in view of the large number of iron-olads left
on our hands since the close of our late war
no other means of defense aro necessary now.
But, Mr. Chairman, these vessels can never,
in the first place, be made as impervious to
heavy projectiles as permanent fortifications
on land. I11 the next place, they are but tem-
porary and perishable in the nature of things,
and are, hence, subject to casualties which aro
not incident to stationary shore defenses. In
the third place, they cannot be made to carry
as heavy guns as may be easily mounted and
used on structures imbedded 111 the earth. In
the fourth place, these vessels are too expens-
ive for the general defense of our coast and
harbors. Indeed, with our extensive coasts
and almost innumerable harbors, it is the
merest folly to think of constructing and keep-
ing in commission and repair enough iron-elads
for all defensive purposes, even if they were
equally efficient as a means of defense. To
attempt this would soon bring ruin and national
bankruptcy.
In 18-51 the Secretary of the Navy pro-
pounded to Commodore Charles Stewart sev-
eral inquiries as to tfie best means of strength-
ening the national defenses.
Oue question propounded to him was :
" What reliancc could be placed on vessels of war
or of commerce, floating batteries, gun-boats, &e.,
as substitutes tor permanent fortifications ?"'
The commodore replied:
" In answer to this cuicshon I uust say that I am
of opinion that but little rehancc ought to be placed
for the fi'-oui it y of high ii.u iuual interest 011 defeases
of such doubtful character. They are too subject to
untoward casualties to ,'onsutute at all times a reli-
able means of resist aucc; and besides, they would
require peri-ianem lorhticTtions to afford them con-
tinuance and protection. As auxiliaries to perma-
nent works m resisting attacks, they might bo made
ayailable sometimes .vith good etfeet, but no further
ought they to be relied on."
These remarks of Commodore Stewart I
regard as relatively as applicable to iron-etads
as to the wooden -vessels to which he then re-
ferred; since, under the various improvements
since made, the relations between the party
attacking and the party attacked continue prac-
