18T0.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Infantry, from the twenty-fifth of February to
'< he first of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, the pay and emoluments of colonel of
infantry, and not to exceed the sum of one
thousand and eighty-one dollars and fifty cents.
Approved, April 2(5, 1870.
Chap. LX-V.—An Act to relieve certain Per-
sons therein named from, the Legal and
Political Disabilities imposed by the Four-
teenth A mendrnent of the Constitution of
the United Hsates, and for other purposes.
Be it ena ctecl h/ the Senate and Mouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That, all legaland political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
by reason of participation in the late rebellion
be, and they are hereby, removed from the fol-
lowing persons, viz: Charles I. Stockbridge,
Washington county, Texas; Charles E. Bolles,
Harrison county, Terras; Hugh C. Mclntyre,
Washington county, Texas; George T. Has-
kell, Robertsoncounty,Texas; Camillus Jones,
Colorada county, Texas; A. I.Vaughn, ofCol-
orada county, Texas ; James Gr. Seawell, Gal-
veston,Texas; JolinS.Jones, Galveston county,
Texas; 1. ~W. Cooper, Houston county,Texas;
John G. Scott, Anderson county, Texas; H.
B. Simonds. of Hunt county, Texas; Richard
Jordan, of Texas, formerly of Maine.
Approved, April 28,1870.
Chap. LXL~VT.-AnA.es for the Belief of Har-
riet R. Clinton.
Beit enactedby the Senate and Souseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral of the Army pay to Harriet 11. Clinton,
widow of Charles Vtr. Clinton, late second lieu-
tenant of the first regiment of Wisconsin cav-
alry, outof any money appropriated for the use
of the pay department, the sum of seven hun-
dred and twenty-four dollars, for military ser-
vice of her said husband, from the first Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, to the
twenty-ninth cf March, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, and -who died in the field, without
having been mustered into the United States
service.
ArritovEB, ^vpril 28, 1870.
Chap. LLXVII.—An Act for the Relief of
Joseph Harmon.
Beit enacted bijtke Senate and House of Bep-
7'csentalives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Joseph Harmon,
late captain of the fifth regiment of Indiana
volunteer cavdry.be allowed the payofa cap-
tain of cavalry in the volunteer service from
the twentieth day of July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, to the sixth day of April, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, deducting the
amount paid him as sergeant of cavalry in said,
regiment; and that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury pay hira the same out of any money appro-
priated, or to be ap propriated, for the payment
of the Army of the United States.
Approved, April 28, 1870.
satisfaction ofthe Department, that he actually
served in that capacity, and for which he has
never received pay.
Approved, April 28, 1870. *
Chap. LXXVII.—An Act for the Relief of,
Friend A. Brainard.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay
to Friend A. Brainard, of Bridport, Vermont,
the snm of three hundred dollars, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated ; said sum of money having been improp-
erly _ exacted of him, as commutation money,
in eighteen hundred and sixty-three, while he
was still suffering from wounds received in bat-
tle while a soldier in the Army of the United
States.
Approved, May 4,1870.
Chap. LXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Sophia A. Moen, administratrix, and Philip
L. Moen, administrator, of Augustus It.
Moen.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Patents be, and he is hereby, authorized t.o
hear and determine the application of Sophia
A. Moen, administratrix, and Philip L. Moen,
administrator, of Augustus R. Moen, for an
extension of letters-patent, granted on the
twenty-sixth day of February, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, and reissued to the said
Augustus E. Moen, on theeighth day of April,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, for a new and
usefulimprovement in the construction of base-
ment, cellar, vault, conduit, and other like
walls, so as to render them impervious to water,
upon evidence in the same manner and with
the same effect as if the said application had
been made within the time prescribed bylaw:
Provided, That in case such extension shall be
granted, no person shall be held liable for dam-
ages for infringement thereof between the date
of the expiration of the original patent and the
date of such extension: And provided further,
That any person or persons who shall have
engaged in the manufacture of the said inven-
tion since the expiration of the letters-patent
aforesaid and prior to any renewal thereof, by
virtue of this act, may continue the manufac-
ture thereof and sell said manufacture, without
any liability therefor to the said Moen, his
heirs or assigns.
Approved, Mav 4, 1870.
Chap. LXV'IIf .—An Act for the Relief of
"William A. Hcntt, late First Lieutenant of
Company F, Fourteenth Regiment Illinois
Voi <!:.U--
;!<•. if cnuctai by the Senafeaiul Hoitseof llep-
c:-tali:r.s if the United states of America in
Ct.ng/rsx assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
i j.il of the United Stiites be authorized and
directed to pay to William A. Scott, late first
lieutenant of company I, fourteenth regiment
Illinois volunteers, full pay as such first lieu-
tenant during the time lie shall prove, to tae
Chap. LXXIX.—An Act for the Relief of Cap-
tain George E. Grisliam, of Tennessee.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral be, and he is hereby, required to allow and
pay George E. Grisham, late captain of com-
pany I, of the eighth Tennessee volunteer cav-
alry, the sum due as captain of cavalry for the
period of six months' services as such immedi-
ately preceding the twenty-first day of Apiii,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, May 4, 1870.
Chap. LXXXV.—-An Act to authorize the
Officers of the Treasury Department to enter
a Credit upon the Account of Henry I.tting,
Paymaster in the Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America iji
Congress assembled, That the accounting. oin-
rers of the Treasury Department be. aim are
hereby, authorized and directed to credit Henry
Biting, payiuas'"! in the United States !•.'avy,
with the sum of one thousand and ninety-eight,
dollars and fifty-one cents, paid by him to
Lieutenant J. C. Rich, in eighteen hundred
and forty-three, eighteen hundred and forty-
four, and eighteen hundred and forty-five, for
services as judge advocate of courts-martial
ordered by Commodore Perry, commanding
the United States naval forces on the west coast
of Africa.
Approved, May 5, 1870.
Ciiap. LXXXVI.—An Act for the Relief of
William F. Scott, late Adjutant Fourth Iowa
Cavalry Volunteers.
Be it enacted bytheSenate and Ilouseof Rep-
resentatives ofthe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral of the Army be, and he is hereby, directed
to allow and pay to William F. Scott, late ad-
jutant of the fourth regiment of Iowa volun-
teer cavalry, out of the appropriation for the
pay of the Army, the difference between the
pay and allowances of sergeant major of cav-
alry and that of adjutant of cavalry, from the
twenty-third dayof'March, eighteen hundred
aud sixty-five, to the tenth day of June, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, inclusive, he having
actually acted in the capacity of suah adjutant
during that time, and having received therefor
only the pay of sergeant major, not having been
actually mustered as such adjutant by reason
of the non-receipt of his commission.
Appuoveo, May 5, 1870.
Chap. XCV.—An Actfor the Relief of Charles
C. McCreary.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives ofthe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral'of the Army be, and he is hereby, directed
to pay, out of any money appropriated for the
pay of the Army, to Charles C. McCreary, of
Indiana, the pay and emolumentsof a second
lieutenant, of cavalry for the period from the
first day of October, eighteen hundred and six-
ty-four, to the sixteenth day of .June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-live, deducting therefrom
the pay and emoluments received by him for
said period as a sergeant of cavalry, in the
fourth regiment of Indiana cavalry.
Ax'Phovbb, May G, 1870.
Chap. XOVI.—An Act granting a Pension to
Thomas Clair.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Thomas Clair, father of
Robert Clair, late a private in company D,
twenty-seventh regiment United States infan-
try, at the rate of eight dollars per month, from
and after the passage of this act.
Approved, May 0, 1S70.
Chap. XCV1T.—An Act. making an Appro-
priation to satisfy a Judgment obtained
against Grenvilie M. Dodge, late an officer
of the United States and others, for acts
done by (hem in the line ot their duty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
r'-scntaiivcsoftti« United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the sum of five
thousand dollars, en- as much thereof as may-
be necessary, is'hereby appropriated, out of
any money iu the 'Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to enable the Secretary of War to
