1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2717
would not have been simply null and void,
whether Congress had taken any action on it
or not?
Mr. POOL. Unquestionably that would
have been so, and that is just exactly what I
said three minutes ago, that I did not suppose,
under the requirement that we should set up
a constitution republican in form, it was neces-
sary that this provision should be stricken out
at all. But, sir, I did say that it was improper—
1 think that is the term I used—for Congress
to suffer a State to come into this Union with
a provision in its constitution plainly in viola-
tion of the Constitution of the United States ;
and for that reason I suppose it was required
to be stricken out.
But since the Senator from South Carolina
has called my attention to it, I will suggest
another thing. It has been held by lawyers,
but I believe by no court, that the acceptance
by Congress of a State constitution having a
feature in it impairing the obligation of con-
tracts would make that feature in the State
constitution valid, notwithstandingthc Consti-
tution of the United States says that no State
shall pass a law impairing the obligation of
contracts; and that doubt raised in this way,
as to whether when the constitution was sanc-
tioned with this provision in it, "which was
against the Constitution of the United States,
the acceptance might not. give validity to that
provision, notwithstanding its conflict with the
Constitution of the United States, rendered it
necessary to have that provision taken out of
the constitution of Georgia. But, sir, whether
it be so or not, one thing is certain: Congress
determined that this provision should come
out, and they risked it entirely on the action
of the Legislature. Upon that action the other
House was swift to admit the members from
the State of Georgia; and it is my opinion
that if Senators had been elected and applied
for their seats on this floor the Senate would
have admitted them at that time. Suppose
that had occurred, in what condition would
the State of Georgia have been? Sho would
have been fully admitted as one of the States
of the Union. What would have become of
what we have since discovered in regard to
colored office-holding? What would have be-
come, then, of this new anti-republican feature
that has been discovered lately as to the power
of the Legislature to perpetuate itself? 1 men-
tion this to show with what caution a Govern-
ment that has the duty resting on it to preserve
a republican form of government in a State
should proceed ; with what, careful scrutiny and
inspection every provision in the State consti-
tution and every step connected with it should
be taken by the authority which has the matter
in charge.
Time rolled on, and soon it transpired that,
it was held in the State of Georgia that colored
men were not eligible to office, that under the
constitution of the State colored men could not
be allowed to hold any office in the State ; and
from all I have been able to learn on the sub-
ject it was the opinion entertained from one
end of the State to the other that they could
not be made magistrates or constables or clerks
of court or members of the Legislature. Col-
ored men were ousted froci one officc after
another; and it was generally held by the
profession in the State of Georgia that they
could not hold office under the State constitu-
tion.
I do not intend to say that if the constitution
did not give them the right to hold office it was
therefore anti-republican; but I do say that it
was against the congressional policy of recon-
struction. Whether or not under the guarantee
clause it was proper for Congress to order that
provision to be amended in the constitution of
Georgia, or if there was anything in it against
their holding office it should be stricken out,
Congress assumed that Georgia could not be
admitted underits reconstruction policy—which
policy it based on the high ground of necessity
for the peace and safety of this Union—unless
colored men could have the right to hold office
in the State.
How was that accomplished ? The question
was very swiftly brought to the supreme court
of the State of Georgia, composed of three
judges, and those three judges took the matter
up. The colored men having been expelled
from the Legislature, the whole work of recon-
struction being stopped by your action here,
the eyes of the whole country being upon it, a
ease was made and carried to the supreme
court of Georgia, and that supreme court took
into consideration, whether under the consti-
tution of the State of Georgia colored men
could hold office. Two of those judges decided
that they were eligible under that constitution,
but the third judge filed a dissenting opinion.
Judge Warner, I think, was the name of the
judge who filed the dissenting opinion. Upon
that decision of the supreme court of Georgia,
made under those circumstances and by only
two of the judges, Congress seemed to be en-
tirely satisfied on this all-important point of
colored office-holding; and there the question
rests to-day.
X ask if that is safe ground upon which to
rest such a question in t.ho admission of this
State. Why, sir, who knows how soon the
supreme court of the State may reverse its
decisions? I have known supreme courts to
reverse decisions often. 1 expect to see it done
often hereafter. I should not be surprised if
the Supreme Court of the United Stales in
less than thirty days should be guilty of just
such a performance. It is nothing wonderful
at all. And yet you are about to consent to
rest this whole question of colored office-hold-
ing in the State of Georgia, if it has anything
in it, and you have professed it has much in
it, upon a bare decision of two judges of the
supreme court of that State out of throe, the
other one dissenting. I ask if that is safe? If
yon can trust this court, how long will it be
before there will be another court there ap-
pointed under this constitution, composed per-
haps of different men, and, I am afraid, men
of different politics, who will reverse the de-
cision of their predecessors? And yet there
seems to be some swiftness in taking in the
State of Georgia upon this sort of settlement
of what is said to be an important question.
Mi'. President, that was something which
transpired toput a newelementinto the whole
of this affair by an accident, the simple acci-
dent that Senators from Georgia were not
ready to take their seats when members were
admitted into tbe other House. Butthe ques-
tion having been partially settled in this way
time rolled on, and now we find another ques-
tion raised on the constitution of Georgia. It
seems that the objection to it is rather progress-
ive. It looks to me very much like a bungle
altogether. Now, we find that it is supposed
by the most eminent lawyers of this body that
there is a feature in it which allows a Legisla-
ture to perpetuate itself eternally ; and 1 con-
fess that if that is so it is glaringly anti-repub-
lican, and that provision ought to come out of
the constitution.
I might stop here and inquire how many
more such things are iu this beautiful constitu-
tion that is sent to us from the State of Georgia.
Iiow many more such things shall we discover
if we have a little time? Why, sir, the whole
practice under this constitution by the first
Legislature, which was not friendly to the party
in power in this couutry, and then by those who
have succeeded to power by reseating the
colored men and putting in some minority
candidates, seems to me to have been irregular,
to have been a sort of bungle, not only in its
inception, but in the manner in which it is
administered.
But to come back, Mr. President, to the
proposition, We have now discovered a feature
that, is anti-republican if it be there, namely,
the right of a Legislature to perpetuate itself by
simply changing from time to time-the day
upon which the election is to be held.
Sir, either that feature is in the constitution
of Georgia or it is not there. Of course no
man will deny that proposition. If it be -not
there that is an end of the question; you want
no Bingham amendments or anything else in
regard to it. If it be there this Bingham
amendment is not the way to remedy the evil
at all. If it be there itshould come out before
the State is admitted as an equal in this Union.
It should come out by competent authority;
and I would not, in the discharge of my con-
stitutional duty, under the guarantee clause,
risk it upon less authority than' that which
made the constitution itself, to wit, the people
of the State of Georgia. I should not feel that
I had discharged my duty by simply passing
a statute, -and taking the assent to it of the
Legislature of the State, that has no business
to give any such assent.
But, Mr. President, I said it is there or it is
not there. There is a third view to take of it,
and this I suppose is the view which the Sen-
ate takes, that it is doubtful whether it is there
or not. I have heard some distinguished law-
yers upon the floor of the Senate say that it is
perfectly clear to them that there is no such
anti-republican feature in that constitution. 1
instance the distinguished chairman of the
Judiciary Committee. I Qnd lawyers equally
distinguished on this floor—I believe the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] certainly
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpen-
Tiitt]-*expressingitas their deliberate opinion
that it is there. That certainly is enough to
raise a doubt in the Senate; and if there be a
doubt upon the question it is the same to the
Senate as though that anti-republican feature
was there; we should put that doubt at rest
before we take another step in this matter.
That is the view which I take of this subject.
I believe that the best thing to be done in this
Georgia case would be to adopt the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kansas substantially
as helias introduced it, with a further provision
that the debt feature, anything in connection
with colored office-holding, this anti-repub-
licau feature of the power of the Legislature
to perpetuate itself, and any other feature of
the constitution that the ingenuity of a Senator
can suggest as being anti-republican shall be
spoken to in plain language by a resolution of
the Senate, and that the people of Georgia in
the election which is to occur under the amend-
ment shall be called upon to say at the ballot-
box whether they accept these congressional
propositions or not; and whatever their answer
may be, when wo have got their answer, we
shall then know how to act advisedly and with
judgment upon the whole question; and, sir,
i cannot act until then.
If I vote now to admit Georgia under the
Bingham amendment, under the amendment
of the Senator from Oregon, or under any-
thing less than taking that anti-republican fea-
ture out of the constitution by as high author-
ity as put it there; if I give any such vote and
Georgia comes in, I shall not feel sure whether
I have discharged my duty or not; I shall not
feel sure that I have secured to the State of
Georgia a government republican in form; nor
can 1 see how any other Senator will feel sure
that he has discharged that duty.
It is the fault of Georgia, not our fault, that
she is the last of the rebel States to be recon-
structed and admitted to her rights in this
Union; not only the fault of the State of Geor-
gia in adopting such a constitution as she has
brought here, but a fault of a different charac-
ter, on account of the turbulence of her people,
the indisposition to submit to the terms which
the Congress of the nation has believed to be
indispensable to the safety of the Republic, the
violations of law and order, reports of which
come throngingin upon us from every direction;
for no one could have heard this discussion
without feeling that what is now supposed and
