1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
our legislation here to let the houses of that
Legislature themselves decide in the mode pro-
vided by all parliamentary law and by their
own constitution in reference to the eligibility
of the members in the respective bodies of that
Assembly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. PERRY. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What would he do in
leaving it to the houses of this Legislature or
any other similarly situated if it should happen
that the majority of those houses were com-
posed of the very persons who ought to be
excluded? Would they bo likely to exercise
the function ?
Mr. FERRY. We are legislating for a prac-
tical, actual condition of things in the Legis-
lature of Virginia. To suppose extreme cases
which admittedly do not exist in the subject-
matter under debate is not a proper mode of
deciding upon that present subject-matter of
debate ; and it was this very point to which I
■was approaching. If it be desirable that legis-
lation should be had here for the purpose
of excluding from that body those who are
disqualified by the fourteenth constitutional
amendment, then the amendment proposed by
the Senator from West Virginia does accom-
plish this object, while it leaves the Legislature
of Virginia a lawful and lawfully constituted
body ; it leaves its legal action hitherto taken
to stand unimpared, and it restores Virginia to
her normal relations to the Union by the
operation of the act which should thus pass ;
whereas the amendment of the Senator from
.Vermont throws all Virginia into chaos; it
leaves, as has been truly said—not only under
the circumstance suggested by the Senator from
New York, of one half the members of the
Seriate of that State refusing to take this oath—
the Legislature without legal existence, but
it puts it into the power still of one or two or
three men to prevent indefinitely the taking
effect of this resolution and the restoration of
Virginia to her proper relations to the Union.
We know from the history of Virginia for
the last three months that over forty of the
members of that General Assembly did protest
against the legality of its organization, upon
the ground that the test-oath had not been ad-
ministered to its members. We know that
those who made that protest would be glad to-
day to strike out of existence the Legislature
of Virginia; for underlying all these disputes
here with regard to the loyalty or disloyalty of
that Legislature are matters of personal and
Eri'vate ambition which, in my judgment, are
aving more effect upon the minds of those
outside who are trying to influence us inside
than the great questions of public interest are
influencing those minds.
Weheard here afewdays ago that the calam-
ity which most of us believe has fallen upon the
State ofTennesseewasa calamity which sprang
from the selfish personal aspirations of those
■who had hitherto been connected with the Re-
publican party in that State. God forbid, sir,
that such results should take place with regard
to the great State of Virginia ! But from all
that I hear, from all that has been brought to
me in personal conversation sought by some of
the very gentlemen who signed the memorial
which the Senator from Massachusetts so
strangely caused to be read here the other day,
the election of Senators of the United States
and of judges of the various judicial tribunals
in the State of Virginia are questions which are
influencing those who are endeavoring to pre-
vent the recognition of this Legislature quite as
much as the interestsof Virginia or of theUnion
affect their minds.
I want to see not only Virginia but the re-
maining States which are still unreconstructed
restored to their practical relations to this
Union, and I want to see it done in accordance
with the public faith which I think Congress
pledged and which I know I pledged ; and I
want to see it so that the people of those States
can resume the consideration and management
of their own affairs, and so that life and prop-
erty and person can be secured there as they
only can be ultimately secured under our sys-
tem of government by means of the local auton-
omy of the people of those States. You cannot
secure life, liberty, and property permanently
under our Federal system of Government, if
you are to maintain that system, except by the
local government of the people of the various
States that compose the Republic. If you take
any other view, if you adopt any other mode,
it must be by the direct intervention of Federal
authority in the various States'for the purpose
of managing their local affairs ; and when you
have come to that there is an end of our free
representative Federal system upon this con-
tinent.
Sir, the questions which are involved in the
reorganization and the restoration of these
States are fundamental. They are questions
which the war and the result of the war have
necessarily brought upon the country, and this
debate is presenting gradually to our minds a
graver question than has hitherto agitated the
Republic, and that question is whether as the
result of this war we are to have hereafter a
great imperial republic, exercising through
central authority all- the functions of govern-
ment in all the parts of the land, or whether
we are going to have continued here at least
some shadow of the old system of local self-
government.
Now, sir, bring Virginia back as you have
pledged you would bring her back when she
had performed the conditions you imposed
upon her; bring her back because in my judg-
ment she has loyally and faithfully performed
those conditions, no State so loyally and so
faithfully. In the action of her people, in the
action of her Legislature, in the action of her
State officers-elect, loyally and faithfully has
the old mother of States come up to the work
of restoration, in my judgment. And now that
the Congress of the United States should stand
higgling upon technicalities, holding back be-
cause Senators have been elected and judges
are about to be elected unsatisfactory to the
defeated party in the recent election in that
State, in my judgment at least, is utterly un-
worthy of what ought to be the dignity of
legislation here.
I am willing to vote for the amendment of
the Senator from West Virginia and exclude
those who are under constitutional disabilities,
if any such there be ; but the very authority
upon which the Senator from Massachusetts
so implicitly rests, the authority of General
Canby, informs us as a matter of fact, of which
certainly General Canby is as good a judge
as he is of a matter of law, that there are no
persons lying under this constitutional dis-
ability.
Mr. HOWARD. Where is the evidence of
that ?
Mr. FERRY. The report was read by the
Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] yester-
day, and, as I understand, that was the result
of what was read by the Senator from Nevada.
"If, then, there be no evidence of any mem-
bers of that body being under the disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment, still,"
said the Senator from Vermont, "I desire to
provide beyond all possible contingency that
there shall be no such person in that body."
That is the argument on which he bases his
amendment. But I am willing, as I said, to
provide, in accordance with the amendment of
the Senator from West Virginia, for the certain
exclusion of any person lying under this con-
stitutional disability, and if this amendment to
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont shall prevail, I then shall be willing
to vote for the amendment as amended, and
for the resolution in that shape: but I cannot
vote for the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont as it stands, as I could not vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri, and as I cannot vote for any amendment
which shall impose additional restrictions-and
conditions, after I have pledged my faith that
upon the performance of the conditions already
imposed, Virginia should be restored to her
normal relations to the Union.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I hope the
amendment of the Senator from West Virginia
will be adopted. I shall vote for it very cheer-
fully ; and then if that is adopted as an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, I shall vote for the latter amendment.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Michigan give way to allow me to make a
motion for a recess ?
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no! I think we ought
not to have a recess.
Mr. STEWART. I want to make a motion
for a recess fromhalf pastfourto seven o'clock.
Mr. HOWARD. I imagine that we shall
get through with the bill by dinner time.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the only
real question before the Senate is whether Con-
gress at this stage of the proceedings shall
adopt some means for expurgating the present
Legislature of Virginia of those members who
are obnoxious to the third section of the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion. I shall not now assert that it was necessary
by the reconstruction laws that the members
of that Legislature should take what is known
as the test-oath of 1862. I will waive that
question for the present, although I think it a
debatable one, and am by no means disposed
to dispute the point as against the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts.
It seems, however, that two members of the
Legislature were elected in Virginia who came
within the inhibition of that third section of that
article. Well, sir, if two such characters were
elected to the Legislature at the last election
in that State, it is by no means improbable,
certainly it is not impossible, that there may
have been others elected who come within the
same category; and my idea is that it is proper
for us, at this stage, to exclude such persons
from any participation in the legislation of
Virginia. It is written down in the fourteenth
article of the Constitution—■
"No person shall be a Senator or Keprcsentative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Presi-
dent, or liold any office, civil or military, under the
United States, or under any State, who having pre-
viously taken an oatli as a member of Congress, or as
an officer of the United States, or asamemherof any
State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial offi-
cer of any State, to support the Constitution of tho
United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or
rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort
to the enemies thereof."
Such is the class of persons that I wish to
exclude by a positive enactment from the
Legislature of Virginia. How.far this may go
in its application in case it shall become a law
I will not undertake to say; but even if it goes
so far as to exclude a majority of one house
or of the two houses of the Legislature of the
State, I have no complaint to make. If those
majorities are made up of such persons, per-
sons who have once taken an official oath to
support the Constitution of the United States
and afterward gone off into rebellion and made
war against the United States, it is high time
we drove them from their seats. Persons who
have thus committed the crime of perjury as
well as treason against their country are not
fit persons, in my judgment, to participate in
the legislation of any State, for the reason that
they have broken their solemn oath and are
simply perjurors. They have violated the high-
est obligation in their power to furnish, of fidel-
ity to the country, and have sworn to that
fidelity before God and man, and after that
solemn pledge have turned around and violated
it by making war upon their country and com-
mitting treason. I do not care how many men
may be affected by the application of this third
section of the fourteenth article in the Legis-
lature of Virginia, or in any other Legislature;
and if it dissolves the Legislature absolutely by
dismissing the majority of both houses to their
