1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5549
Mr. DRAKE. I have not spoken twice upon
this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend has been up as many as half a dozen
times upon this amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir.;. I have not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As it is a late
hour in the evening, 1 propose to enforce the
rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The fourth
rule will be enforced.
Mr. DRAKE. I simply rise to correct a
statement of the Senator from Iowa, and not
to debate the proposition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is debate.
Mr. DRAKE. I only ask to correct the state-
ment of the Senator from Iowa, and I have not
spoken twice on this question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do hope we
shall have a vote.
Mr. HARLAN. I am perfectly willing to
take a vote.
Mr. DRAKE. Will not the Senator allow
me to correct a statement of the Senator from
Iowa simply on a matter of fact?
Mr. SPRAGUE. No; I object.
Mr. DRAKE. Well, sir, I insist upon my
right to do it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I call the Senator to order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is not informed of the fact, and has not taken
any note as to whether the Senator from Mis-
souri has spoken twice or not. The Senator
must be his own judge. If he says he has not
spoken twice he has the right to proceed.
Mr. DRAKE. I merely wish to correct a
statement of fact: that in the case of the Geor-
gia members itwas notthat they were inveigled
to apply for pardon, but that they were, as was
alleged, inveigled to apply to Congress for
relief from political disabilities. That is the
statement of fact.
Mr. H ARLAN. That is aboutthe same thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ore-
gon to the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 16, noes 15 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. Ob, no; let us get through
with the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We must have
the yeas and nays on this question in order to
secure a quorum.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McCREERY. The Senate has been in
continuous session for nearly twelve hours, and
I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Oh, no; wo
must finish this bill to-night if we are to adjourn
on Friday.
Mr. BAYARD. Would it be in order for
me to accept the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware can accept the amendment
unless objection be made, the yeas and nays
having been ordered upon it.
Mr. BAYARD. I accept the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection
being interposed, the amendment to the amend-
ment will be considered as agreed to. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, if the honorable
Senator from Delaware would do one other
thing I think it would be admissible, and that
is, to withdraw the amendment.
Mr. McCREERY. I believe my motion to
adjourn has precedence of anything else.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky to withdraw that motion for a mo-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Oh, no; let us
vote it down.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me say one word.
It is due to ourselves and due to my honorable
friend from Maine, who is greatly perplexed
with these appropriation bills, several of which
along with other bills are depending now, that
we should conspire, if we can, to dispatch this
bill to-night. I venture to ask the honorable
Senator from Delaware to let this amendment
go, and try it on some other bill if he deems it
important to test the sense of the Senate upon
it at this session.
Mr. BAYARD. Letus test the sense of the
Senate upon it now, as amended.
Mr. CONKLING. There will be a division
and there will not be a quorum here. I am
ready for one to say this: that the honorable
Senator from Maine must abandon his position
on the Appropriation Committee, or else he
must have a rule which shall exclude amend-
ments of this nature from the appropriation
bills, and then another rule by which he can
move to.lay an amendment on the table with-
out carrying the whole bill with it. Everything
which for any reason is so liable to side winds
that it cannot live or float alone is tried upon
an appropriation bill. I submit to the honorable
Senator from .Delaware that this proposition
has no appropriate place on a bill of this sort.
Mr. BAYARD. As much so as the other
measure.
Mr. CONKLING. I agree to that. I agree
with the honorable Senator, quite as much so
as the measure he refers to, and as various
other measures. Nevertheless, this is very late
in the session; we want to finish to-morrow;
the Senate is very thin, and it is now eleven
o'clock. I wish the honorable Senator would
allow this bill to pass containing the undis-
puted and necessary things, and let us consider
these contested measures in the Senate to-
morrow when there is a quorum here and a
fair opportunity for an expression of opinion.
Mr. McCREERY. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is desirable that we
should have a short executive session of a few
minutes, and I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Several Senators. No; let us finish the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That abandons
this bill for to-night.
Mr. ANTHONY. We want an executive
session to make some reports to-night.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does not the
Senator think this bill is going to pass ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do ; but it is not going
to pass so long as the whole legislation of the
country is thrust upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If every Senator
feels at liberty to move all sorts of propositions
we shall not finish it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Every Senator does so
feel at liberty ; that is abundantly proved.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Perhaps the
Senator had better take charge of it himself;
but if the Senate is going to adjourn on Fri-
day let us finish this bill now, and do not divert
the Senate by motions for an executive ses-
sion and side blows that do not make any pro-
gress with the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. _ If I had charge of it
myself, while I certainly could not do it in any
other respect so well as the Senator from Maine.
I would say to the Senate, "If you do not leave
off these inappropriate amendments I wili
abandon the bill." That is what I should say.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is very well
said; but it does not come with a very good
grace from my honorable friend, who gets up
here and moves a side blow for an executive
session when other people are doing similar
things all around.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island makes a motion for
an executive session it cannot be debated.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, 1 withdraw the
motion, and let the talk go on.
Several Sexators. Pass the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed by the Secretary that a quorum is
in the Senate, although the last vote did not
develop that fact. The question is upon the
amendment of the Senator from Delaware.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I offer an amend-
ment, -which was to have been reported on the
sundry civil bill, but was omitted ou that bill,
to come in on page 7, after line one hundred
and fifty :
For repairs of custom-house at Detroit, Michigan,
$13,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. THAYER. I submit the following
amendment, to come in on page 5, at the end
of line ninety-three:
And a, like allowance is hereby made to the offi-
cers and clerks of the Senate holding similar posi-
tions as is herein allowed to the officers and clerks of
the House of Representatives, and a sum sufficient
therefor is hereby appropriated out of any money
in th e Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. That is not appro-
priate there.
Mr. THAYER. It comes in after the allow-
ance to the House officers.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It has no rele-
vancy whatever. That applies to a different
class of officers altogether. If the Senator
desires to increase the salaries of the clerks he
had bettersayso directly ; but " a like salary"
would not be proper at all. These officers
here are "Chief Clerk, Journal clerk, assist-
ant disbursing clerk, file clerk, printing clerk,
stationery clerk, engrossing clerk." The Sen-
ate does not want to do that, I take it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is an old claim,
growing out of the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is a differ-
ent affair which has passed the House of Rep-
resentatives two or three times, and been an old
controverted matter, and at last it is passed
here. If the Senator wishes to move to in-
crease salaries on this side, let him do it dis-
tinctly and independently and under the head
of " miscellaneous."
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate for two years
stood in resistance to this particular clause, to
the threatened defeat of the legislative appro-
priation bill; and now this is merely to pro-
vide for the payment of certain officers of the
House who received extra pay but afterward
had to refund the money, as I understand. The
House has put it here in a fit of good humor,
and I hoped the Senate would -rather let it go
without apparently knowing it, so as to refand
this money thus recalled from the officers of
the House; but I hope the Senate will not do
for its own officers what it refused for two years
at the risk of the appropriation bill to do for
officers of the House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My suggestion
is that this amendment is not appropriate in
this connection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Nebraska withdraw the amend-
ment^
Mr. THAYER. In that connection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
EJIPOltTS OF COMMITTEES.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill pro-
viding for a pension to Mrs. Lincoln is before
the Senate, and the Senator from Nebraska
[Mr. Tipton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator from
Nebraska to give way while I make a report.
Mr. TIPTON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 950) to encourage the building of ships
for foreign trade, and for other purposes,
reported it with amendments.
CLIIIiKS AMD MESSENGERS.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Secreturyof the Senate bo, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay thecom-
mittcc clerks, messengers, and pages during the
icmaindcv of the present month.
