1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1773
the House to the importance of the subject
before it, I shall not regret it. But I was going
on to say, indeed I had said, that the difference
in expense for a single year between printing
this book according to the plain now proposed,
and printing it according to the old plan, would
be $174,662 22.
Now, sir, I know of no better rule by which
to judge the future than by the past; and re- j
ferring to a record which will be found in the
report of the Commissioner of Patents, I find
that in the last decade, so immense has been
the increase in the business of the Patent Of-
fice, that the number of patents issued by it
has increased four hundred and forty-seven
per cent. We think it safe to assume that the
country is to continue at the same rate of
progress in this direction, especially when we
find that to the South, to which before the
rebellion only two and a half per cent, of our
patents was issued, twenty-three per cent, is
now issued.
Mr. HOAR. I beg leave to correct the ,
gentleman. Two and a half per cent, was ,
the proportion of patents for inventions con-
nected with agricultural implements, not the
proportion of all the patents.
Mr. LAFLIN. I accept the correction of
thegentleman from Massachusetts; he is right.
But in view of the increasing extent and pop-
ulation of our country, and the increasing
interest attaching to patents, we may assume
that a corresponding increase will go on here-
after.
Now, gentlemen, just stop and consider;
for I call upon the House to weigh this ques-
tion as I did on the 21st day of March, 1866,
when we reduced the number of copies of
these documents from thirty thousand to fif-
teen thousand. It is high time for us to stop
and consider where this thing is to end. What
is to be the expense connected with the print-
ing of this work alone, if our patents increase
daring the next ten years as they have during
the last ten years.
I find that upon the plan we now have, pro-
vided we continue to print the same number—
and it must be conceded that if the present
plan is to continue the number of copies now
issued is quite small enough—and taking into
account the probable increase in the number
of patents, we shall find that this publication
will cost at that time $1,048,672 37; while
upon the plan we now propose it will cost
$267,931 80; making a saving per annum of
$780,740 57.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to ifiquire of the gen-
tleman how much it would cost to print three
or four hundred extra copies ?
Mr. LAFLIN. I am very much obliged to
thegentleman for asking the question; for that
is the point to which I intend next to refer.
Now, it may appear to gentlemen of the
House that the extra number that might be
ordered of this report will cost comparatively
a small sum. I know the object which my
friend from Massachusetts has in making the
inquiry. I have given attention to the point;
and I will say to him that upon the basis on
which we have estimated this saving to the
Government, one copy, that is fifty-two weekly
yolames per year, can be issued to any person
or library or district at an extra expense of
$240 45 per year. But if the House sfcould
see fit to publish not only these hundred copies
of which we speak, but should also deem it
wise to forward a copy of this report to some
library in every congressional district, there
would be an additional expense of $58,429 25;
so that one volume per week—a volume com-
plete and reliable in its character, giving the
information much earlier than it can be ob-
tained under the present system—can be fur-
nished to every congressional district, to the
library of every capitol in the United States,
to the clerk's office of the district court of
each judicial district in the country, at an ex-
pense, in round numbers, of $12O,O0O as against
$234,000 according to the present plan. Now,
where is the man who will give his attention to
thia subject, who will stand here and say there
is any comparison between the value of the
two plans ? In the one you get something ;
in the other you scarcely get anything. In
the one you get the shell with a little bit of the
meat; while in the other you get the meat full,
entire, rounded, luscious.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will yield to my asso-
ciate on the committee. How long does he wan t ?
Mr. CAKE. I certainly mean to be heard
fully on this subject.
Mr. LAFLIN. I willyield to the gentleman
the remaining portion of my time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will yield to me for a mo-
ment before he begins his remarks. 1
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania take the floor for the remaining j
! portion of the hour of the gentleman from New :
York?
Mr. CAKE. I think I ought to have the :
floor in my own right, and not limited to the
few minutes left of the hour of the gentleman
from New York. If it is understood that the
chairman of the committee has said all that
he desires to say, for I should like to hear all
he has to say before I begin my remarks, then ■
I will take the floor for the hour allowed me :
nnder the rule. I would much rather, how-
j ever, not be compelled to go on with my
j remarks at thia time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has eight minutes of his hour remaining,
i Mr. LAFLIN. I yield to the gentleman from
Rhode Island for an amendment.
Mr. JENCKE8. I offer the following amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows :
After the word " same " in line twenty-four, insert
; as follows: .... „ . •,
And the Commissioner is also hereby authorized
to furnish a complete set of such specifications and
drawings to any public library whioh will pay for
! binding the same into volumes to correspond with
:! those in the Patent Office, and fortho transportation
I of the same, and which shall also provide proper
| custody for the same, with convenient access lor the
! public thereto, under such regulations as the Com-
i' missionor shall deem reasonable.
pensions.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions a bill (Hi R. No. 1467) to construe
the twenty-seventh section of an act entitled
"An act relating to pensions," approved July
27, 1868. It will not take up much time.
There was no objection, and the bill was
received and read a first and second time.
The bill provides that neither the act of July
28,1866, entitled " An act increasing the pen-
sions of widows and orphans, and for other pur-
poses," nor the act of July 27, 1868, entitled
"An act relative to pensions," shall be con-
strued as either increasing or reducing the
amount authorized to be paid in any special
act of Congress granting a pension, whenever
said act fixes definitely the amount of pension
the person therein named shall be entitled to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. One word of explana-
tion will satisfy every gentleman in the House
that this bill ought to pas3, and pass now. By
a recent decision of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior in regard to all the special acts which fe*ve
been passed heretofore by Congress, where the
amount of pensions to widows is over thirty
dollars per month it has been reduced to thirty
dollars. In other words, I hold in my hand the
opinion of the Secretary of the Interior, given
on an appeal taken to him in the case or Mrs.
Commodore Porter, who was pensioned by
special act of-Congress twenty years ago or
more at the rate of fifty dollars per month, in
which he construes the twenty-seventh section
of the act of July 27, 1868, as reducing that
pension from fifty dollars to thirty dollars, and
that such reduction follows in all other cases
where the pension has been granted by special
act. This bill provides that where the amount
is definitely fixed by special act, it shall so
remain.
Mr. RANDALL. It seems to me this bill
ought to go over until to-morrow morning.
We have a thin House, and the important
change proposed by the gentleman ought to
be considered wlien all the members are
present.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not object to its
going over ; but I would much rather have it
considered now.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BiiNJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee oa En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 195) to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to place at the disposal of the
soldiers' monument committee of Rock Island
county, Illinois, certain condemned ordnance ;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 107) author-
izing the issue of blankets to enlisted men of
company B, tenth infantry, to replace others
destroyed by fire.
message from the president.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Porter,
his Private Secretary.
order of business.
Mr. LAFLIN. I yield to the gentleman
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenck.es,] the chair-
man of the Committee on Patents.
Mr. CREBS. Will the gentleman from
Rhode Island yield to me to make a motion to
adjourn?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] take the floor in
his own right as chairman of the Committee
on Patents, or to occupy the two and a half
minutes which remain of the time of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Laflin?]
Mr. JENCKES. I would prefer taking the
floor in my own right. I now yield to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevejtson.]
arctic explorations.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 187)
relative to a voyage to the arctic regions;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.. ;-k
expknditprks department.
Mr. COX. I ask Unanimous consent to sub-
mit the following resolution:
lieiolvd, That the Secretary of the Navy furnish
a atatettflnt of the unexpended balances of each and
evert appropriation of the Navy Department, and
of the respective bureaus of that Department, on the
1st of March, 1869; and of the balances of each appro-
priation on the first day of each succeeding month
thereafter, until the 1st of February, 1870, and the
aggregate of tho expenditures for thia perwd; and
if in excesss of the appropriations for the entire fiscal
years ending 30th June, 1870, the amount of such
excess; and also a statement ofthe amounts received
and credited to the proper appropriations from sales
of vessels, stores, and other property from JVlarcn i.
1869, to February 1,1870.
Mr. NEGLEY. I object.
trumbull guaeds.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1468) to
place the Trumbull guards company, of Ohio
volunteers, on the same footing as other vol-
unteer soldiers; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
