187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3661
because I am opening up a way of strengthening
the Republican party, and acting also as a
friend to the loyal people of the country by
doing Something to destroy the wall of parti-
tion which has so long existed between the
hearts of northern and southern men.
And permit me to add that I see no logical
connection between the removal of disabilities
and the return of Jefferson Davis or Robert
Toombs to their old places of honor and trust
in this Government, if the public sentiment
of Mississippi or Georgia is so thoroughly dis-
loyal as to reuder the election of men like
these probable, then our reconstruction is a
failure, and time only will relieve us from the
evils legislation has sought in vain to cure.
But if, as I belieVe, the vast majority of the
people of those States care little for Jefferson
Davis or Robert Toombs, or any other rebel
leader, except as they are compelled to think
of them as under the ban of ineligibility to
public office, when you remove from them the
badge of distinction which they wear and
parade^ they will sink into that insignificance
which is the common fate of the defeated lead-
ers of a lost cause.
But, Mr. President, however necessary it
may bo thought to except from a bill of relief
from political disabilities such marked cases
as those of Davis, Lee, Toombs, and others,
certainly it is not wise or necessary to shut out
from all opportunity for participation in na-
tional affairs the great number of those who
are affected by the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment and of the test act. !
Let me, Mr. President, in concluding these
remarks, suggest to the honorable Senator
from Michigan that I regret that he could find j
no better explanation of my position on this \
question than " the ardor and zeal of my friend-
ship for the late rebels." I have never cast a
vote, I have never uttered a word, I have never
written a line in defense or in palliation of the
rebellion. And the Senator does me and, him-
self a great injustice when he would convey
the impression to tho American people, with
all the strength given it by his distinguished
name, that a Senator from the Republican State
of South Carolina is actuated by any motive
on this question inconsistent with an entire
devotion to the best interests of the country
anditsloyal people. The frequency with which
that Senator criticises measures brought for-
ward in this body, the frequency with which
his clear intellect detects errors in the reason-
ing of other Senators on this floor, his perfect
freedom in exposing them, and his thorough
independence of judgment, should admonish
him to give to others the benefit of the sup-
position that their motives are as pure as his
own, though they may in his opinion lack his
wisdom.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the substitute to the House bill |
offered by the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, if no one
feels disposed to speak on this bill, I wish
before the vote is taken to say a very few words
in addition to those so well said by the Senator
from California [Mr. Casseri.y] this afternoon,
on the question whether Congress has power
to pass a measure of this character, which
involves a consideration of the terms of the
fifteenth amendment. It will be recollected
that when I addressed the Senate before I said
nothing on that question, in order that I might
proceed at once to co'nsider the details of the
bill.
After listening to the remarks of the Senator j
from California, 1 am wholly at a loss to see ,
how any one can come to a different conclusion [
than that which he has announced. What is
the language of this amendment? "The right !
of citizens of the United States to vote shall
not be denied or abridged by," whom? Not
by an individual acting in breach of the law ;
tin! is not the language. Not by a combination !
of individuals constituting a mob ; that is not ,
the language. It is not against them that this i
provision of the Constitution is directed ; but
it is explicit, "shall not be denied or abridged
by the United States, or by any State, on
account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude."
It is a prohibition upon the United States
and upon the States, and no stretch of inge-
nuity can extend it one hair's breadth further.
Why the prohibition to the United States?
Because the Congress of the United States
fixes the qualifications of voters in the District
of Columbia and also in the Territories of the
United States ; and therefore the prohibition
upon the United States is proper. Why the
prohibition upon the States? Because the
States, each for itself, fixes the qualification
of voters in the States. Before the passage of
this amendment to the Constitution the power
of a State to fix the qualifications of its voters
was without any limit or restriction whatsoever.
It was so completely without limit or restric-
tion that in several of the States persons not
citizens of the United States were allowed to
vote; as, for instance, foreigners who had
declared their intention to become citizens, but
had not completed their naturalization by a
residence of five years and taking the final
oath. That was the case, if I mistake not,
formerly in the State of Illinois, and perhaps
in some other States where foreign-born per-
sons who had declared their intention to be-
come citizens were allowed to vote before they
had fully become citizens of the United States.
I may be mistaken in respect to that particular
State, but I know that that was the case in
some of the States.
Mr. DAVIS. On a residence of six months.
Mr. THURMAN. Then comes this provis-
ion, the sole provision in the Constitution of
the United States which limits that heretofore
complete and plenary and unconditional power
of a State to fix the qualification of the voters
in that State; and what is it? How can any
man say that it is anything more than a limit-
ation upon the power of the State? Is it not
just as much a limitation on tho power of the
State as is the provision in the Constitution
that no State shall coin money; that no State
shall keep or maintain an army or a navy with-
out the consent of Congress? Just as these
are limitations on the powers of the States, so
is this fifteenth amendment a limitation on the
power of the State, and nothing else, so far as
the State is concerned.
What is the effect? Simply this, that if there
is in a State constitution a discrimination on
account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude, that provision in the State con-
stitution becomes null and void, because it
becomes repugnant to this provision of the Con-
stitution of the United States. So if there are
laws of the States that discriminate against any
person otherwise qualified to vote, because of
his race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude, those Inwsipsofactobecome void, because
they are repugnant to this provision of the Con-
stitution of the United States.
If a State should hereafter attempt to pass
such laws it would be attempting to do an un-
constitutional thing, and its action would be
absolutely null and void, and for a remedy
against any such violation whatsoever the courts
afford precisely the same redress that they do
against the violation of any other portion of
the Constitution of the Union. If there is a
necessity for passing a stringent bill to enforce
this amendment of the Constitution, the very
same reason would require bills of pains and
penalties and persecutions to enforce every
other prohibition of the Constitution, for there
is not one of them that may not be violated.
This, then, being simply a limitation on the
power of the State, simply withholding from it
one of thepowers which it heretofore possessed,
the power of fixing the qualifications of elect-
ors, or restricting that power in a single particu-
lar, it is as plain, it seems to me, as the sun at
noon-day in a cloudless sky, that this amend-
ment can only be held to speak of a State as a
jj State ; as a State in her political charactcr, as
a distinct autonomy, and does not deal with
i individuals at all.
Now, sir, there is a case in which Congress
might, perhaps, deal with individuals, the case
supposed by my friend from California. Sup-
pose, for instance, the State of Ohio should
pass a law that no colored man should vote ;
or, to change it, suppose it. should pass a law
that no white man should vote, and the officers
charged with the execution of that law should
attempt to carry it into effect, they would be
liable to civil actions without any act passed
by Congress at all; but possibly in a case like
that Congress might by law reach those indi-
viduals thus executing a State law, and there-
fore, acting in pursuance of an act of the State,
which the Constitution of the United States
forbids.
That is one thing; but a wholly different
tiling from that is the unauthorized act of an
individual, which tends to interfere with the
right of another man to vote, and which unau-
thorized act is even in violation of the law of
the State itself. Why, sir, take the case of a
State; take Massachusetts, for instance. There
there is no distinction in the right to vote on
account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude; and there has been none for a
long, long time. I suppose Massachusetts has
laws, as every other State has, that forbid any
one to prevent a citizen from exercising his
right to vote. When a man thus violates the
law of the State of Massachusetts, when he thus
renders himself liable to indictment and pun-
ishment under the statute of Massachusetts, can
you say that that man is the State of Massachu-
setts, and that therefore he is doing what this
constitutional amendment forbids, and that
you will punish him ? The prohibition here is
upon the State. Can you undertake to punish
an individual who is not acting under the author-
i ity of the State, but directly against the statute
;■ law of the State, and who is punishable under
that statute law by indictment in the courts ol
1 the State? And yet you undertake to say
that that individual, thus acting contrary to
jl the law of his State, liable to puuishment by
i j his own State in her own courts, can be taken
away from the jurisdiction of his State, re-
I moved from under the law which he has vio-
lated, and taken into a Federal court to be
punished under an act of Congress.
It is amazing tome that any lawyer can think
for a moment that this bill in this respect
where it acts on individuals—not officers of a
State at all, mere private individuals, mere
: trespassers, mere breakers of the peace, mere
violators of the State law—•that this bill which
8eizesthem and punishes them under tiiis act
of Congress and in the Federal courts is war-
ranted by the fifteenth amendment of the Con-
stitution. Let us see, byway of illustration.
I have already referred to the provision in the
first article of the Constitution :
"No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or
confederation; grant letters of marque and reprisal ;
coin money; emit bills of credit."
No State shall coin money. No State shall
emit bills of credit. There is precisely the
same kind of language that you tiave in the
fifteenth amendment, a prohibition upon the
State. Is it under that provision that Con-
gress gets the power to punish counterfeiters
of the coin? Is it under that provision that
Congress gets the right to deal with individuals
having no authority from the States? No, sir,
not at all; but it is under a distinct affirmative
provisiorkin the first article of the Constitution
that Congress gets that power. Where is that?
The sixth clause of the eighth section of the
first article, defining the powers of Congress,
is in these words;
"To provide for the punishment of counterfeiting
the securities and current coin of the United States."
There is the power expressly given to Con-
gress :
"Congress shall have power to provide for ihe
punishment of counterfeiting tho securities and
current coin of tho United States."
