2718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
what appears to be the temper of that people
has had much to do with the reluctance on the
part of Senators to admit the State under
present circumstances.
Mr. President, while I am upon the floor I
think it is entirely germane to the question
pending on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas to advert to another very important
matter that has been in fact thrust upon me as
a Senator representing one of the reconstructed
States. And that is the only reason which
has brought me to my feet to make any re-
marks on the question of reconstruction at all.
It is, in the nature of another discovery con-
nected with this Georgia question; perhaps not
exactly connected technically with the first part
of it, that is the establishment of a government
republican in form, but.certainly most inti-
mately and vitally connected with the other
branch of the proposition, that the reconstruc-
tion policy of Congress shall be established
simultaneously with the establishment of these
governments, and to some extent by means of
them. But I am notvery sure whetherit is not
entirely germane to the first proposition, for I
take it that the power in the Constitution and
the duty imposed on us by the guarantee clause,
that we shall secure to each State in the Union
a republican form of government, makes it
obligatory upon us, in taking steps to set up
such a government, to adopt the necessary
safeguards to secure its perpetuity. We ought
to take safeguards to make that government
stand, for we are not discharging our duty
properly if we pat up a government to stand
but a day; and therefore the temper of the
people, their disposition to accept it, and all
the circumstances surrounding it may be prop-
erly considered by us, and measures to meet
that view of the case may be properly taken
by us.
But, sir, if you take the second branch of
the proposition, as to the reconstruction policy
of Congress, it is certainly a very vital ques-
tion to consider whether under all the circum-
stances you have yet adopted sufficient guar-
antees for the establishment of this important
policy which involves the life of the nation, as
you have said ; or whether there may not be
something further to be done, and whether it
would not be better to let Georgia stand where
she is until you have taken these other steps,
seen what etfeet these other steps are likely to
produce on the final result, and then let Geor-
gia come in under the wing of their operation.
X said that you first discovered that there
was a debt feature which contravened the Con-
stitution of the United States; second, you had
your difficulty about office-holding; third, you
have this difficulty about perpetuating the power
of the Legislature; and now it transpires and
is brought forcibly to our attention by the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] that the tem-
per of the people, the state of society, is alto-
gether unfavorable to our taking another step
until something is done to remedy it. I was
forcibly struck with the facts and figures of the
Senator from Indiana yesterday. They showed
a degree of violence practiced in sections of
that State which made of no efficacy whatever
anything that you have done in the direction
of establishing the reconstruction policy there.
Mr. President, I have heard a good deal
said about Kuklux, &c., on this floor. I pro-
pose to submit to the Senate some remarks
upon that subject and to show still further how
it is connected with the matter that is now
pending before us. It is with a good deal of
hesitation that I do so ; hut having been born
and brought up among the people in whose
midst these outrages occur and this organiz-
ation is said to exist, having in my past life
had opportunities of a thorough acquaintance
with the men who are supposed to encourage
or wink at these outrages, knowing thoroughly
the localities in which they arc said to occur,
and all the circumstances, in my own State at
least, surrounding them, I feel that I ought
to state clearly and distinctly what I consider
to be the meaning of these exhibitions.
When I hear of murders and of scourgings
as connected with this Kuklux matter the im-
pression made on my mind is perhaps different
from that which is made on the minds of those
who have not exactly the opinions on the sub-
ject that I have. We were told by the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. TnuRMAif] that there were vio-
lations of law in the State of New York, espe-
cially in the city of New York, where perhaps
there was a murder every day ; that there were
violations of law in Ohio and Massachusetts.
Very true, sir; and there are violations of law
everywhere on the face of this broad earth.
Men are murdered from motives of revenge,
from sudden ebullitions of passion; murdered
for the hope of gain; men have assaults and
batteries committed upon their persons; their
property is destroyed ; the criminal laws are
violated from various motives that actuate the
bad and the evil-disposed citizens of the com-
munity. That is one thing. I understand that
such offenses are committed everywhere ; and I
stand up here to-day to say that in the State of
North Carolina there are fewer such offenses
now than there were before the war. A stranger
or citizen, if you please, may travel from the
sea-board to the mountains in my State with as
much security as he could before the war, pro-
vided always he does not allow his political no-
tions to be obtruded upon those whom he meets.
Take the political aspect out aud there is no
danger whatever. I will go further than thot.
Being a practicing lawyer in the courts of that
State, I say that I feel sure in the opinion I
express that there are fewer violations of the
criminal laws of the Slate now than there ever
have been during the course of my professional
life and expei'ience. L will go still further,
and say that the courts of justice and the offi-
cers of the law punish offenders as promptly,
pursue them as promptly, ferret out offenses as
promptly in that State now as they ever did,
and that our courts are as careful, and as
prompt, and as rigid in the execution of the
criminal laws as they ever were upon all classes
of offenses that are not in some aspect polit-
ical.
I do not believe that my State is in that
regard behind the State of New York or Ohio,
or even Massachusetts, and I do not know any
reason why I should believe that any of the
other reconstructed States are in a less favor-
able condition than my own State. But if in
the State of New York, in any locality, mur-
ders could be committed day after day, not by
acknowledged villains against whom every man
turns his face, but by a known organization in
disguise, who go at night, and who proclaim
in advance their purpose, but not the point
where they mean to strike; if in the State of
New York, in any locality, crime after crime
of the most heinous nature could be committed,
and no man, be he officer or otherwise, attempt
or dare to ferret out the offender; or if per-
chance some offender should be ferreted out
and arrested his release be certain and speedy,
or if you could bring him up to court, the find-
ing of a bill of indictment be impossible; or
if by chance you found a bill of indictment,
a conviction be utterly impossible, for the rea-
son that his confederates would certainly be
upon the jury; that would be a state of things
in the State of New York, or Massachusetts,
or Maine, or anywhere else, that would require
the most serious consideration of the Govern-
ment. It would be "domestic violence" —
" domestic violence" of the character contem-
plated by the Constitution, and against which
the United States is obliged to protect every
citizen. If by acts of commission or omission
a State will not protect its citizens, then the
United States is bound to protect life and prop-
erty when a case is made for its interference.
This liuklux business means something. It
is for a purpose. I am not standing here to
i say whether there has been an exaggeration
of the outrages alleged to have been committed
by the organization, or whether there has been
a failure to bring before the Senate one half of
what has actually been done. I leave all that
out of the question. Sir, the meaning of it is
that the reconstruction policy of Congress is not
in accordance with the sentiment of the ma-
jority of the white people in that community.
The meaningis that a majority of the white peo-
ple in those States have heretofore controlled
their governments and ruled them, and they
intend that the same shall be the ease hereafter.
They mean that the provisions of the fifteenth
amendment, which were put upon those States
by the reconstruction acts before the fifteenth
amendment was adopted, shall be in effect
nothing; that they will substitute a higher law
than your reconstruction policy and the fif-
teenth amendment, to wit, violence in the
localities.
Now, Mr. President, I ask whether it is
likely to succeed? Take any community in
which those outrages have been committed
and are being continued; where bands of
men in horrid disguises, and going under all
the horrid and fearful names which were men-
tioned by the Senator from Indiana yesterday,
can with impunity, so far as the law is con-
cerned or the administration of the law by
its officers, go to the houses of colored men at
the dead hoars of night, take them out and
hang them or scourge them, burn down their
houses, outrage their families; in a community
where this is continued, not for one week,
but for months and months, and there is no
arresting of the offenders, and it is made
perfectly plain that there is no security save
one, and that to vote the Democratic ticket
or not vote at all—I ask whether voting could
be free in such a community? It is known
that there is a security against outrage. There
is one thing which being agreed to no man
fears being Kukluxed, and that is, that he is
right politically in the estimation of those who
conduct these outrages. The law and the offi-
cers of the law give no security at all. These
men are seen in their disguises; the men
whom they hang up are seen hung up; the men
whom they scourge exhibit the effects of their
stripes upon their backs ; and no officer of the
law raises his band. Every man feels and
knows that the law is utterly powerless to give
him protection; yet he is offered protection
if he will abandon the civil and political rights
which you have thrust upon him ; and, sir, he
is subjected to these outrages because you have
thrust them upon him. The meaning is that
the majority of the white people in those States
intend to control the government as in times
past, the fifteenth amendment and your laws
under it to the contrary notwithstanding.
I was somewhat amused by the searching
and truthful position assumed by a Senator on
this floor, when he said that there was a remedy
for all this, and it was to let the Democratic
party take charge of the Government at once.
I suppose that would remedy it, upon the very
same principle which would apply if a high-
wayman should meet a traveler and demand
his money or his life, presenting his dagger or
his bludgeon. If the traveler would just give
uphis money there would be no further trouble
between the parties; there would be peace.
So if these people will resign into the hands of
the Kuklux and those in whose interests they
are acting, quietly and without resistance, the
government of those States, and their civil and
political rights with it, I grant to the Senator
that is a cure. But they will not do it in every
locality without a struggle.
There is considerable wisdom or shrewdness
in the selection of the localities in which those
outrages are committed. Where there are
large Republican majorities, or large colored
majorities, they do not dare to carry on their
proceedings ; but they select localities that are
doubtful. In order to carry the election for
members of the Legislature, they select local-
