5550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
There will be no objection, I suppose, to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a violation of law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio object?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a violation of law.
The PRESIDIN G OFFICER. The Senator
will not violate the law, and therefore he objects.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask now for a vote on
Mrs. Lincoln's bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nebraska is entitled to the floor on that
bill.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will yield
to a motion to adjourn 
Mr. TIPTON. I yield to a motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator give
way to a motion for an executive session ?
Mr. CONKLING. I will, with pleasure.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. I hope we shall
go 011 with the bill.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senatorfrom Rhode
Island.
The Chair will ask indulgence to lay before
the Senate certain bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives. ["Certainly."]
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 370) direct-
ing the expenditure of an appropriation for the
improvement of the Tennessee river was read
twice by its title.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask for the present con-
sideration of that resolution.
Mr. SPENCER. I think it had better be
referred. It can be reported to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The following bill and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce:
A bill (H. R. No. 2160) to create a port of
delivery at Houston, Texas ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 349) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to settle
the accounts of Richard R. Peebles, of Austin
county, Texas, late collector of the port of
Galveston, Texas.
The following joint resolutions were sev-
erally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Finance:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 368) for the
relief of Charles P. Elgin ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 371) suspend-
ing the operation of section three of an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved July 20, 1868.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
The bill (H. R. No. 2352) to relieve Yernon
H. Vaughan, of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, of all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth article of the amendments of the
Constitution of the United States, was read
twice by its title.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask that that bill be
considered now.
Mr. SUMNER. I object, except it be done
informally.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed by a two-thirds vote.
EXECUTIONS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred House bill No. 2090,
have unanimously directed me to report it
back—it passed the Senate substantially be-
fore—and recommend its passage. Nobody
will object to its consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2090) to annul a portion of a certain statute
of the Territory of New Mexico, and for other
purposes, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to disapprove and
make null and void the following recited por-
tion of a ste.tute of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, approved February 2,1865, namely, "And
no writ of execution shall on any account be
executed on the real estate of any person, if
there be no mortgage made by the husband
and wife owning the said property, and the
mortgage must have been executed with all
the formalities required by law." It also pro-
vides that there shall be exempt from levy and
forced sale under any process or order from
any court of law or equity in the Territory of
New Mexico the lot or parcel of ground and
the buildings thereon occupied as a residence
and owned by the debtor, being a householder
and having a family, to the value of $1,000;
and if, in the opinion of the creditors, the
premises claimed by such debtor as exempt
are worth more than one thousand dollars, it
shall be lawful for the officer to advertise and
sell the premises, and out of the proceeds of
such sale to pay to such execution debtor the
sum of $1,000, which shall be exempt from
execution for one year thereafter, and apply
the balance on the execution ; but no sale shall
be made unless a greater sum than $1,000 shall
be bid for the premises.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
STONE FOR LINCOLN MONUMENT.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on the Library,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 236) relative to the stone presented by
the patriots of Rome to the late President Lin-
coln, have directed me to report it back with-
out amendment, and recommend its immediate
passage. I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the architect of the Capitol
to cause the stone presented to the late Presi-
dent Abraham Lincoln by the patriots of Rome
to be transferred to the possession of the Lin-
coln Monument Association at Springfield, Illi-
nois, to be placed by that association in the
monument now being erected to the memory
of Abraham Lincoln.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. ANTHONY. I renew my motion.
Mr. SUMNER. It is understood that Mrs.
Lincoln's bill is laid aside informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
business pending.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After sometime spent in executive
session, the doors were reopened and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 14, 1870.
TheSenatemetateleveno'clocka. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D.
ELECTION OP PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
The SECRETARY.^ The Senate will come
to order. I have received the following com-
munication from the Vice President:
Vice President's Chamber,
Washington, July 14, i«70.
Dear Sir: Please inform the Senate that I have
retired from tho duties of the chair for tho remainder
of this session.
Respectfully, yours,
SCHUYLER COLFAX.
Geoeg® C. Gorham, esq., Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Secretary, I send to the
desk a resolution, which I ask to have adopted
by the Senate.
The SECRETARY. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts offers the following-resolution, and
asks for its present consideration:
Resolved, That in the absence of the Vice Presi-
dent, Hon. Henry B. Anthony, of theStateof Rhode
Island, be, and ho is .hereby, chosen President pro
tempore of the Senate.
The resolution was adopted nem. con.
The SECRETARY. _ Mr. Anthony will be
pleased to take the chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore then took
the chair, and called the Senate to order.
Mr. SUMNER. I send a resolution to the
Chair, which I ask to have acted upon at once.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Ordered, That, tha Secretary wait upon the Presi-
dent of the United States, and inform Kim that, in tho
absonceof tho Vice President, the Senate has chosen
Hon. Henry B. Anthony, a Senator from the State
of Rhode Island, President of the Senate pro ternr
pore ; and that ho make a similar communication to
the House of Representatives.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, communicating, in compli-
ance with the resolution of the Senate of the
8th instant, copies of correspondence between
the United States and Great Britain concern-
ing questions pending between the two coun-
tries ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, com-
municating, in compliance with the resolution
of the Senate of the 8th instant, information
in relation to the emancipation of slaves in
Cuba ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
J. 1J. Hoyt, of Smyth county, Virginia, pray-
ing for the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of the Nor-
folk and European Steamship Company, pray-
ing for a subsidy sufficient to enable them to
compete with the ships of France and England ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the petition of
citizens of Benton county, Oregon, praying for
the removal of the Indians of the Siletz agency
to the Alsee Indian agency; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
WILLIAM SELDEN. •
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up a little bill which
will not occupy five minutes. It is a bill (H.
R. No. 2246) for the relief of William Selden.
By unanimouseonsent, theSenate, asinCom-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to cause to be paid to William Selden the sum
of $5,000 in full for all claim against the Uni-
ted States for the use and occupation of per-
sonal and real property by military authority
within the District of Columbia in the year
1861, and thereafter.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What committee reported
the bill ?
Mr. JOHNSTON. The bill has passed the
other House and has been reported from the
Committee on Claims of the Senate.
ri he bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask consent to take up
Senate joint resolution No. 222.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object, until we get
through tne morning business, which will take
but a tew .moments. I have some reports to
make.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, Objection
