1774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
SURVIVORS OP WAR OF 1812.
Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial and resolutions of the sol-
diers of the war of 1812 in Kentucky, praying
Congress to grant pensions to the survivors ;
which was referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
CIIANGB OF NAME.
Mr. RANDALL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1469) to change
the name of the canal schooner No. 44, tp be
called the J. H. Trainor; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
WIDOW OF WILLIAM A. GRAY.
Mr. RANDALL also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. 11. No. 1470) granting a
pension to the widow of William A. Gray;
which was read- a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representatives :
Herewith I have the honor to transmit a commu-
nication from the Secretary of the Interior, relative
to the obligation of Congress to make the necessary
appropriations to carry out the Indian treaties made
by what is known as the "peace commission" in
1867.
The history of those treaties, and the consequences
of noncompliance with them by the Government, are
so clearly set forth in this statement that I deem it
better to communicate it in fall than to ask the
nccessary appropriation in a shorter statement of
the reasons for it. I earnestly desire that if an
Indian war becomes inevitable the Government of
the United States at least should not be responsible
for it. Pains will be taken, and force used, if neces-
sary, to prevent the departure of the expeditions
referred to by the Secretary of the Interior.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion.
Washington, D. C., March 8,1870.
The message, with the accompanying doc-
uments, was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
JAMES E. YOUNG.
Mr. PACKARD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1471) for the relief
of James E. Young; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
SUSAN HOLTZ.
Mr. PACKARD also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1472) for the
relief of Susan Holtz, widow of David Holtz,
late a private of company K, third regiment
Colorado volunteers; which was read afirst and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
RECONSIDERATION OF REFERENCES, ETC.
Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider all the votes
by which billsand resolutions had been referred
or recommitted; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. CAKE, the
House (at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p.
m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Douglas L.
Price, of Fayette county, Kentucky, and George
M. Jesse, of Henry county, Kentucky, praying
to be relieved from political disabilities.
By Mr. DUVAL: A petition of the citizens
of Harrison county, West Virginia, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. GILFILLAN: A petition of citizens
of Richland township, Venango county, Penn-
sylvania, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. HAWLEY: A petition of citizens
of Clayton, Illinois, praying Cougress to pro-
vide by law for the compulsory prepayment of
domestic postages, except on such matter as
may be entitled to free delivery by special
enactment.
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of Andrew
Kelley and 72 others, of Blackstone, Massa-
chusetts, for abolition of duty on coal.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Deborah
Witham, for pension.
By Mr. MILNES: The petition of James
Bumgardner and others, copper distillers of
Virginia, praying modifications of existing laws
affecting their business.
By Mr. MOORE, of Illinois: A petition of
citizens of Ashkum, Illinois, praying a modi-
fication of postal laws.
Also, a petition of citizens of Ashkum, Illi-
nois, prayingthe abolition ofthe franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: The peti-
tion of Edward Tomlinson and 38 citizens of
Gloucester City, New Jersey, forthe totalaboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of Daniel Dooley, H. F. Conrad, and
175 others, Irishmen, praying that increased
protection shall be given to all domestic indus-
tries which require it, and that in all changes
in the tariff the interests of domestic industry
shall be considered paramount to every other
consideration.
Also, a petition of 200 laborers and farmers
of Greenfield township, Blair county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for a reduction of the duties on
tea and coffee, and for such readjustment of
the duty on articles which may be produced
in this country as will sustain the wages of the
American mechanic and the markets of the
American farmer.
Also, the petition of C. G. Dempsey and 50
others, laborers and oil producers, of Kane
City, Venango county, Pennsylvania, praying
for such a tariff as will prevent frauds on the
custom-house and maintain home industry.
Also, the petition of John L. Byrne and 50
others, Irishmen, of Broad Top, Pennsylvania,
praying for such legislation by Congress as
will sustain and encourage the interests of
domestic industry.
Also, the petition of Moses A. Ross and 40
others, citizens of Blair county, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against any change in our tariff
laws suggested by a free trade league.
Also, a petition of 400 citizens of Johns-
town, Pennsylvania, asking for the repeal of
the tax on incomes.
Also, a petition of 217 laborers of Joliet,
Illinois, praying for a special and searching
examination of certain alleged erroneous state-
ments in the report of Commissioner Wells.
Also, a petition of 500 citizens of De Pere,
Wisconsin, asking for an examination by Con-
gress of the report of Commissioner Wells,
many of the statements of which report they
allege to be erroneous.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of Mrs.
Caroline Sipe, asking for a special act for addi-
tional bounty under the act of July 28, 1866.
Also, the petition of W. W. Henderson,
esq., superintendent of Philadelphia Hydraulic
Works, asking that the duties on steel as recom-
mended by the Committee of Ways and Means
be adopted by Congress.
By Mr. ORTH: The petition of James S.
Marshall, of Indiana, praying for a pension.
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of Susan
Holtz, of Plymouth, Indiana, asking that her
name be placed on the pension-roll.
By Mr. PLATT: A petition of officers of
William and Mary College, Williamsburg, Vir-
ginia, asking compensation for damages to
property of the institution by United States
soldiers.
By Mr. RANDALL: A memorial in behalf
of the widow of William A. Gray, late major
of the one hundred and ninth regiment Penn-
sylvania volunteers.
By Mr. SCHENClv: The petition of Casper
Schenck, paymaster United States Navy, pray-
ing Congress to refund certain moneys dis-
bursed by him.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The memorial of John
B. Chapman, for relief.
By Mr. WITCIIER: The petition of S.
Richard Watts, of Monroe county, West Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of his political
disabilities.
Also, the petition of J. E. Chapman, of Taze-
well county, Virginia, praying the removal of
his political disabilities.
Also, the petition of W. P. Cercil and F. P.
Spotts, of Tazewell county, Virginia, praying
the removal of their political disabilities.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 9, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
max, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday ; but before concluding,
Mr. MORTON. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to ; there being no
objection.
davis hatch.
Mr. FERRY. I present the petition of
Stephen S. Hatch, of Norwalk, Connecticut,
stating that he is a son of Davis Hatch, of said
Norwalk ; that said Davis Hatch went to San
Domingo about live years ago, where he had
large business interests ; that in August last
Davis Hatch was arrested without law or right
by the Government of San Domingo, and has
ever since and still is restrained of his liberty ;
that his family are unable to communicate with
him ; that in consequence of his imprisonment
he has suffered greatly in person and estate ;
and Mr. Hatch, the son, asks the intervention
of the Government in behalf of his father.
In connection with this petition I wish to
call up and have referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations a message of the President
| of the United States, being Senate Executive
; Document No. 54, of this session, containing
j " correspondence relating to the imprisonment
of Mr. Davis Hatch by the Dominican Gov-
ernment;" and upon that I wish to say a
word.
Mr. Davis Hatch is a gentleman of high cul-
ture, intelligence, and standing in the commu-
nity in which I myself reside. He has been
for a number of years a merchant in San Do-
mingo, residing in the town of Azua, of which
town the contending parties in theircivil strifes
have alternately had possession. Last year
he was arrested by the government of Pres-
ident Baez upon frivolous charges, for reasons
best known to that government, brought be-
fore a military tribunal, and sentenced to be
shot. The Dominican senate, to whom the
sentence was referred, ordered his pardon, and
to him was transmitted that order upon condi-
tion of his leaving the island, which, upon his
undertaking to do, he found himself unable to
do, being still restrained by the Government,
and returned to prison. Our consular agent
there made numerous efforts to secure his re-
lease, but his efforts were all evaded upon one
pretense or another. About two months ago
his son communicated with me, and I sent a
communication to the State Department, in
response to which I was informed that the sen-
tence had been commuted as I have stated,
and that he was probably on his way home; but
about a month after that I received a letter f rom
Mr. Davis Hatch himself, which in some way he
had got through, referring to former letters
which had never reached me, stating that he
could get no communication with our consular
a,gent there, though he had written to him four
times, and had neither seen him nor heard
from him, and asking that something might be
done. I transmitted that to the Secretary of
