1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1775
State, who on tbe 12th of February, sent a dis-
patch to our consular agent, asking him to use
his good offices to secure the release of Mr.
Hatch. It seems that Mr. Perry, our present
consular agent, had again and again used those
good offices, and in every instance his efforts
had been evaded.
About three weeks ago I was called out of
the Chamber, where I found three gentlemen
awaiting me, one of whom was introduced to
me as a Mr. Delmonte from San Domingo,
who informed me that lie knew Mr. Hatch,
had seen him shortly before he left San Do-
mingo, and wished to know what I had done
toward procuring his release. I informed him
of this dispatch which the Secretary of State
had sent. He asked me to get him a copy of
it, or something of that kind that he could
transmit himself, which would be of avail for
Mr. Hatch.
Now, sir, I find upon taking ud this message
of the President of the United States, first,
various communications between our consular
agents there and the Secretary of State and be-
tween the Secretary of State and myself, and at
the end of the document I find a communication
from Mr. Felix M. Delmonte, without date, and
apparently cut out from some newspaper, in
which this Felix M. Delmonte charges upon
Mr. Hatch the grossest violations of municipal
law, and asserts the rectitude of his imprison-
ment by the Dominican Government. All I
have to say is that if Mr. Felix M. Delmonte,
whose communication is appended to this mes-
sage, is the same Mr. Delmonte who called
upon me three weeks ago, I would not give a
rush for the veracity of any statement which
he has made to the Department of State.
Mr. COLE. I feel quite certain that he is not
the same person. The one that called on the
Senator is probably a son of the gentleman who
writes the communication to which he refers.
Mr. Felix M. Delmonte is the minister of jus-
tice of that country. I understood he had a
son in exile, whom I have never seen, and
probably that was the person who called upon
the Senator.
Mr. FERRY. I am very glad to hear the
Senator's statement, because it was to me
utterly unaccountable that such a communi-
cation as this should appear from a gentleman
who had had the conversation with me that had
taken place some three weeks since. I wish to
say, sir, that I know personally that Mr. Hatch,
the gentleman now imprisoned by the Domin-
ican Government, and now certainly imprisoned
without any law, and as an act simply of arbi-
trary oppression, is a gentleman utterly inca-
pable of intermeddling in conspiracies against
the existing Government of that country.
I move that the petition and the message of
the President of the United States alluded to
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions ; and I respectfully ask of the chairman
of that committee that something may be re-
ported by which justice may be done to this
citizen of the United States.
_Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask my
friend if he has any suggestion to make of a
practical character ?
Mr. FERRY. My suggestion would be this:
I would request the President of the United
States to direct our military and naval forces
now in the neighborhood of San Domingo to
demand peremptorily the release of Mr. Hatch,
and if that demand was not immediately com-
plied with to enforce it. That is what I should do.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to my friend
whether on the whole it would not be better
for the State Department to require of the
Dominican Government the official proceed-
ings with reference to this person? His case
should be submitted to a tribunal of justice.
If, for instance, that Government have any
ground of complaint against Mr. Hatch, I see
no reason why we should undertake to shield
him from judicial inquiry. If that inquiry
should be conducted in wantonness and be obvi-
ously unjust in its result, then there would be
occasion for intervention on the part of our
Government.
Mr. COLE. I have heard, though not from
a source to which I can point authoritatively,
that this Mr. Delmonte, who probably called
on the Senator from Connecticut, is in hostile
relations with the present Dominican Govern-
ment, and is among those who are trying to
get up a disturbance with that Government
and put it in disrepute. The Felix M. Delmonte,
to whom I referred, and who is the minister
of justice of that republic, is a man of very
high character, and one upon whom I would
rely implicitly in reference to any statement
he might make touching any case like that of
Mr. Hatch, for example. This case of Mr.
Hatch I kuow but little about. I have heard
the name used in connection with his being
expelled from the country or something of that
nature.
I would state before I take my seat that no
country probably has been so much torn to
pieces by revolutions, by one revolution after
another and in quick succession, as that same
country, Dominica. Whenever a party is out
of power it immediately sets about, by one
means or another, to get authority again.
That is the case I believe at present, and I think
that this Delmonte, who has been here, whom
I have never seen or had any communication
from, is probably engaged with parties who
are discontented with the present Government
there, which is probably a more stable Govern-
ment than they have had before for many years.
I think it would be premature and hasty to
follo w the suggestion of the Senator from Con-
necticut, to have our Government order a hos-
tile movement, or a movement threatening
toward that Government, without a further
explanation than probably my friend the Sen-
ator from Connecticut has had of the difficulty.
Mr. FERRY. A communication from Mr.
Smith, the former consular agent of the United
States at St. Domingo city, dated October 8.
18(59, states:
"On the 12th ultimo Mr. Hatch was brought to
this city in the schooner of war Alta Gracia, and
although sick at the time was locked up in prison,
and incommunicated for forty-eight hours. I was
present at his examination by the authorities, and
in his answers to the interrogatories he denied hav-
ing ever in any way interfered in the revolutionary
struggle at present going on in this republic. On
the 18th ultimo he was again placed on board the
Alta Gracia and conveyed to Azna, where he was
tried by a court-martial, and on the 2d instant he
was condemned to be shot; the sentence was imme-
diately forwarded by express to the President, who
referred it to the ' nenatus eonsultum.' and that body
decided to pardon Mr. Hatch; and an order from the
Government to that effect was sent to Azua, and I
understand he is at liberty and will receive his pass-
port."
So that Mr. Hatch has been tried, has been
pardoned, expected to receive his passport,
and that information was given to our con-
sular agent, and that information by him trans-
mitted to this Government; and yet, notwith-
standing that, he was still confined in jail, and
is there yet. Our present consular agent, Mr.
Perry, the successor of Mr. Smith, states under
date of February 5,1870, in a letter addressed
to some officer in San Domingo, the secretary
of State there,perhaps:
" Sir : I have several times verbally requested the
release of Mr. Hatch, the American citizen rtoW con-
fined at Azua. ' I have this day received a commu-
nication from the Department of State at Washing-
ton, a copy of which I inclose to you, in regard to
this matter, and it requests me to use my efforts to
obtain his release. I am also ordered to send to
Washington by the first opportunity a copy of the
process against him."
That is what I asked our Secretary of State
to get, and that they promised to send. It has
not come. The Dominican minister replies
to Mr. Percys
"Sib: I have freceivedyour communication of the
fifth instant, in answer to which I inolose the pro-
cess concerning the cause of Mr. Davis Hatch. At
the same time I must inform you that the Govern-
ment will occupy itself about the solicitude which
you have shown in regard to the said Mr. Hatch.
Said solicitude has not been resolved of ere this on
account of the reasons which we have explained to
you at different times."
And Mr. Perry says to Mr. Fish:
" I wrote M. M. Gautier, the secretary of State,
anu he replied in a very unsatisfactory manner: a
copy of both communications I inclose to you. He
also sent a copy of the process against Hatch, but it
arrived too late this ovening for me to send a trans-
lation by this mail. I have requested the release of
Mr. Hatch several times since my arrival, and the
(government promised to comply with my request;
but they have kept their word no better in this man-
ner than in many others."
This Mr. Felix M. Delmonte, who is now
said to be the minister of justice, states the
charges against Mr. Hatch, assumes that they
are true, and says :
■ ",IIaVnS been taken in the act, and brought to trial
inauelortn of law, ho was condemned to be exe-
cuted, but pardoned by the executive power, which
did not assume the responsibility of immediately re-
storing him his liberty, but which will be even more
generous toward him when the circumstances shall
no longer exist under which he can do mischief."
Those circumstances under which he can do
mischief, and the mischief which is meant con-
sist, in my judgment, of the knowledge which
Mr. Davis Hatch has of the conspiracy in San
Domingo to swindle this Government out of a
large sum of money in the purchase of that
sland or some part thereof. But so far as the
facts appear before us, this Mr. Hatch, an
American citizen, has been tried, he has been
sentenced, and has been pardoned by the Gov-
ernment ; an order, as our consular agent has
been informed by that Government, has been
sent for his being set at liberty, and yet he is
not set at liberty; he is confined without process
against him ; and when our present consular
agent, upon instructions from our Secretary of
State, demands ajrain and again his release, his
demands are evaded, and the express promise
that he shall be released is broken again and
again, as that agent says that Government has
treated him in other matters. Now, certainly it
does seem to me that it is time for the Govern-
ment of the United States to interfere here in
something more definite than words, and that
it would be better employed in procuring and
securing the rights of an American citizen from
this Dominican Government than in treating
with that Government upon any subject what-
ever. I move the reference of the petition and
the message to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Tbe motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Texas in favor of
the passage of the bill for the establishment
of a postal telegraph throughout the United
States ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
Winslow Foster, of Matthews county, Virginia,
praying for the removal of his political disabil-
ities; which was referred to the select-Com-
mittee on the Removal of Politioa! Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of-Wyndham
Kemp, of Gloucester county, Virginia, praying
for the removal of.W* political disabilities;
which was refettttil to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions
of Israel Russell, Loudon county, Virginia;
of William Clendenning, Loudon county, Vir-
ginia; of Ira J. McGinnis, Washington county,
Virginia: of William F. Collins and Bernard
Hough, Loudon county, Virginia; of James
Henritze, Washington county, Virginia; of H.
G. Dennis, Giles connty, Virginia; of Francis
P. Mahood, Giles county, Virginia ; of Thomas
C. Elder, Lunenburg county, Virginia; of
Steth Boiling, Lunenburg county, Virginia;
of Isaac H. Christian, Charles City county,
Virginia; of C. G. Jones, King George county,
Virginia; of H. W. Holaway, Scott county,
Virginia; and of William L. Graham, Taze-
well county, Virginia, praying the removal of
their political disabilities; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented a memorial from the cor-
poration of the College of William and Mary,
