1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4607
it is proposed to mount on our fortifications.
Even if the caliber should in some instances be
the same the gun on the vessel must of neces-
sity be both shorter and lighter, and hence
incapable of throwing a projectile with either
as much force or as great velocity as the gun
on land. From what I have shown, therefore,
I feel justified in saying that as auxiliaries to
our fortifications and other land defenses our
present iron-clad navy might be of very con-
siderable service, but as an independent means
of national defense cannot and ought not to be
relied upon.
In further illustration of the expensive char-
acter of iron-clad vessels generally, we will
take the case of the British iron-clad ship, the
Monarch, which recently visited the United
States. In the April number of this year of
the Journal of the Franklin Institute we find
a description of this vessel, written by an officer
of the Navy. From this we learn that this
vessel carries seven guns, and that the cost of
her hull and engines in England was £336,500,
equal to about $1,832,500 in gold. The cost of
workmanship and material in this country is
about fifty per cent, greater than in England,
so that such a vessel could not be built by us
for less than $2,7-18,750 in gold, equivalent to
about$3,000,000inourcurrency. The hull and
engines of this vessel, then, would have costus,
if we had built it, about $450,000 per gun.
Now, the total cost of all our most important
fortifications, concerning which estimates have
been submitted this year, from theircommence-
ment to the present time, is about $34,055,733.
These works are in the aggregate capable of
mounting more than four thousand guns of the
older patterns and nearly seventeen hundred
of tlie new and heavier guns.
The cost to us of the most powerful earthen
barbette batteries on shore, thoroughly pro-
tected with earthen traverses between the
guns and the earthen bomb-proofs and maga-
zines, including the platformsfor the guns, and
excluding the cost of the armament, is only
about $4,6G0 per gun.'""
The cost of the strongest and most perfect
shield for guns in casement embrasure, which
has yet been tested by the British Government,
and which was experimented upon in the early
part of the present year with highly satisfac-
tory results, and which that Government pro-
poses to introduce into its works, was about
£1,300, and would cost us in currency about
$11,212.
The works of defense upon land here
spoken of are permanent, and when once con-
structed require but small sums annually to
keep them in thorough order and repair, while
the iron-clad vessels depreciate at the rate of
perhaps ten per cent, per year. I am assured,
at all events on what I regard as entirely reli-
able authority, that they will not last on an
average more thau thirteen years.
I trust I have said enough to satisfy the
House that our land fortifications are more
reliable and much more economical for the
defense of our sea-coast than iron-clad vessels
possibly can be, and that hence if we appro-
priate anything this year for our coast defenses,
it ought to be for the modification and enlarge-
ment of our fortifications.
, Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How much are
the appropriations in this bill as compared with
the estimates?
Mr. NIBLACK. A little more than one
The following statement, in regard to new bat-
teries to bo erected around New \ork and m the
i>elaware, shows the basis on which this computation
is made:
It-gun battery at Fort Hamilton  i?
11-gun battery at l'ort Mifflin   0J,d92 04
' 20-gun battory opposite Foit Delaware ... 07,Lb8 67
28-^un battery at Long tstand head  VW',H
o-gun battery at Fort Schuyler  JHiX §1
ifi-gun battery at Fort Schuyler...... o6,300 Jl
So-gun battery at Governor's Island 101,008 -J>
10-gnn battery at Fort, Hamilton  .1-7
%-gun battery at Fort Hamilton   -7
120 suns at a cost (at $-1,660 per gunj of ...S'GOO.S.'ii 91
quarter of the amount estimated is proposed
to be appropriated by this bill. As I have
already remarked, the amount estimated was
over four million dollars, and we propose to
appropriate $1,250,000.
Mr. JUDD. Will the gentleman from Indi-
ana yield to me for a question ?
Mr. NIBLACK. Certainly.
Mr. JUDD. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Indiana whether with the expenditure of
the money mentioned in this bill any one of
these forts could be put in a condition to with-
stand the assauit of an iron-clad ?
Mr. NIBLACK. I have no doubt of it, sir.
The fortifications we propose to enlarge will be
sufficientto resist the attacks of an iron-clad for
any reasonable time. We propose to put these
fortifications in such a condition as to mount
such heavy guns that iron-elads cannot get in
reach of the fortifications to do them any
damage.
Mr. JUDD. I wish to ask a question. I
was advised by the officer at Fortress Monroe
that the firing of his own guns for half an
hour would destroy that fortress. Are others
in the same condition?
Mr. NIBLACK. _We do not propose to
report anything for Fortress Monroe. We pro-
pose to appropriate only for some large forti-
fications in the North for the defense of our
large commercial ports there, and some large
fortifications on the Pacific coast for the defense
of the harbor of San Francisco.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us rise and
report the bill. It seems to be all right.
Mr. BEAMAN. I ask my colleague on the
Committee on Appropriations to yield to me.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Michigan for a few minutes.
Mr. BEAMAN. I desire to ask a question
of the chairman of the committee. In the
first place, however, I desire to make the mo-
tion to strike out the enacting clause of this
bill, to test the sense of the House whether we
shall pass any bill on this subject or not.
Mr. Chairman, I have no wish to make a
speech on this bill at this stage of the session ;
but I wish to say that in my judgment there is
no necessity whatever for the passage of the
bill. My objection is not to any item of the
bill, "but it is an objection to the entire bill,
believing as I do that at the present timethere
is no necessity whatever for its passage.
We have talked, sir, a great deal about
economy. We have been trying to find some
place where we could save appropriations.
Within the whole range of objects 1 do not
believe that there is a more appropriate place
to save a million dollars than we have in
connection with this bill. I would submit to
the consideration of the committee ths.t there
is no necessity whatever for one cent being
appropriated for the purpose of preserving
these forts. They will suffer no damage what-
ever if there is no appropriation made this
year. For the last two years we have made no
appropriations for fortifications, except a small
contingent fund of $200,000; and if a similar
appropriation this year be necessary or desir-
able we can put it in the Army appropriation bill.
I may state, also, that the representative of
the War Department stated to me that there
was no necessity for any appropriation for the
purpose of preserving these forts. He said
that these forts would receive no damage if no
appropriation was made, and that the only
object of the appropriation was to be prepared
in case we should at some subsequent time
have war. That being the case, it seems to
me that at this time there is no necessity lor
such appropriations. Therefore, for the pur-
pose of testing the sentiment of the commit-
tee, I move to strike out the enacting clause
of the bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not yield for that
motion now, as I wish to yield to one or two
other gentlemen.
Mr. BEAMAN. Then I do not press it in
the mean time; but I desire before we go to
the consideration of the bill item by item to
make that motion. '
Mr. NIBLAOK. I will affoid the gentle-
man an opportunity to make the:motion-.' - ;
Mr. JUDD. I desire to ask the gentleman!'
from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] a question as td
the general character of the works for which,
this money is appropriated, whether they .are
brick works and stone works, like Fort Sumter
and other forts which have been battered down ?
_Mr. NIBLACK. They are the strongest
kind of fortifications of masonry ahd stone
works.
Mr. JUDD. Does not the gentleman re-
porting the bill understand that fortifications
of that class are not worth anything as a mat-
ter of defense against the kind of ordnance
now used 1
Mr. NIBLACK. No, sir; I do not. I be-
lieve that the masonry of the works for which
we propose to make appropriations is suffi-
cient to resist such guns as are likely to be
brought against them for any reasonable length
of time. All that they require is simply such
an arrangement of the terre-pleins upon which
the guns are placed as to make sufficient room,
so that these guns may be used and fired from
these fortifications. In their present condi-
tion we cannot mount the class of guns which
the Government now uses or proposes to use
for the purpose. At present they will only-
hold the guns of the old class ; and it is mainly
for the extension of the earth-works of these
fortifications that the amounts we propose to
appropriate in this bill are to be used.
Mr. SARGENT. It is proposed to thicken
and lengthen the earth-works.
Mr. NIBLACK. I now yield to my col-
league on the committee, from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck.]
Mr. BECK. I only desire to occupy a min-
ute or two. The estimates for fortifications
which came to the Committee on Appropri-
ations from the Department amounted to
$4,398,400. Last year we allowed only
$400,000 for the preservation of works of this
class, or rather $200,000 for their preservation
and repairs and $200,000 for construction of
mortar batteries, &c. This year we had the
United States engineers before us. They class-
ified the works as first, second, and third class,
according to their relative importance, and the
only works they put in the first class were the
defenses of Portland, Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, and San Francisco.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether the first class means the largest forti-
fications, or whether the expression has refer-
ence to the kind of fortification ?
Mr. BECK. By confining the appropriation
to those first-class fortifications at the five
important sea-ports of Portland, Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, and San Francisco, wo
cut down the appropriation to $1,264,750. The
engineers assured us that if we did anything
at all, this amount of money was required to
thicken the earthworks and to make new em-
brasures for the largest class of guns which
must now be used ; that the fortifications in
their present condition would be of no use at all
against the arms to be brought against them; and
that we will be compelled to make this expendi-
ture in order to afford any protection whatever.
I understood the classes to relate to the im-
portance of the position, and not to the character
of the work. At present there is not room, iu
many instances, for the casemates and other
appurtenances. The officers to whom I have
referred satisfied the committee that this work
must be done. True, we can postpone it, as
we did last year. We can let all these works
go for the present. I do not happen to live on
the sea-board, and the matter does not make
any particular difference to my district. But
the whole gist of the matter is this: with gen-
tlemen who seek to defend this bill, this Admin-
istration, while pretending to be very econom-
ical, has run up its expenditures to such an
amount that it dares not go before the country
