1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2719
ities where they believe they can with security
proceed in their way.
It has been asked why the local governments
cannot suppress these outrages by the militia?
I will endeavor- to answer that question ; and
I wish to call the attention of Senators to my
answer, because the difficulty has not seemed
to suggestitself to those who have not had my
opportunities of an acquaintance with the actual
situation. You say let the Governor call out
the militia ; that it once succeeded in Arkansas.
It did, but under rather different circumstances,
because it was right upon the back of the removal
of the United States troops, when there was fear
of Government authority. It would not succeed
in Arkansas to-day, and you will find out before
another twelve months roll around, that in Ark-
ansas, as well as in other States, this same organ-
ization will be carrying on its operations with
the same views.
But you say call out the militia. Whom will
you call? You must not have members of this
organization in your militia. If you do it is
of no effect at all. Will you put Democrats in
it, in whose interests these outrages are com-
mitted? That would not be considered safe.
You call out a militia, then, composed of
Republicans, a Republican militia. You must
not call them from the county in which the
outrages are committed, for if you do every
man in that militia, as soon as it is dis-
banded, will bite the dust. You must go to
another county, and call upon the Republicans
to do what? To go into the insurrectionary
locality and fight Democrats. Sir, is not that
party arrayed against party in arms?
But, Mr. President, allow me to analyze this
proposition a little further. You go into some
county and summon your Republican mili-
tia, and they begin to assemble. I ask if the
Democrats in that county, seeing it is to be a
partisan fight, will not organize an opposing
force, and your militia have fighting enough
on its hands before it leaves its own county?
Then you have civil war all over the State, in-
stead of insurrection and violence in confined
localities that are favorable for the operations
of the Kuklux, in order to secure their polit-
ical ends.
But, Mr. President, suppose you can take
the militia out of the county without a fight,
and carry them into the insurrectionary dis-
trict, when it gets there what is it going to do ?
At best it is but a posse for the sheriff. A
State cannot declare martial law. It is but a
posse for the sheriff. But one of the precau-
tions usually taken by these organizations is
that they have the sheriff and his deputies, as
well as other officers of the law, by some means,
and if by no other, by intimidation, if not in
their interest, at least winking at their pro-
ceedings.
But, sir, suppose they are efficacious, what
are they to do ? You say, arrest some of
the violators of law. Suppose you can find
one, and arrest him ; what will you do with
him ? Put him in prison ? Why, sir, the prison
would be broken open just as soon as the
militia force turns its back upon the house.
But suppose you retain him in prison ; do not
he and his friends know that there are nine
chances to one that some of his confederates
will be on the grand jury, and no true bill
found ?
But suppose a true bill is found as the result
of the militia operation, against one of these
offenders. 1 am informed it has transpired in
one State thatwheu one of these men wasupon
trial before a petit jury it was found that in
the indorsement on the bill of indictment the
word " not" had been prefixed by somebody,
so that it read "Not a true bill," and they
were trying a man upon no bill at all. I sim-
ply state this to show the subterfuges that are
resorted to to evade the law.
But, sir, if you bring the offender before a
petit jury, it, will be in part composed of men
who have sworn in the most solemn manner
and are bound by the most horrid obligations
one to the other to acquit him. I cannot see
how the militia under these circumstances
could be a remedy at all.
I was struck by the force of a remark made
by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmtods,]
though it went further than the Senator him-
self seemed to see, as I shall show him before
I get through. I understood the Senator to
say, "Why not retaliate? Why not shoot
back again at them?" I will tell the Senator
why, and then I will discuss the idea that is
suggested by his question, which is the very
gist of this whole matter, and which lies at the
very foundation of all the efficacy of the recon-
struction policy that has been adopted by Con-
gress.
The Senator says, " Why not retaliate ? Why
not shoot back?" I admit that personal cour-
age, the assertion of individuality, is more or
less necessary in order to protect men in the
enjoyment of their civil rights against those
who are disposed to override them, everywhere.
You cannot put a policeman to walk with every
citizen through the streets. That is out of the
question. A man must carry a little nerve and
personal courage with him to defend himself if
his rights are attacked. That is all very true,
and I take the suggestion of the Senator in its
full force ; and 1 will say more: there are men,
white men, Republicans in those States, upon
whom the Kuklux dare not lay their hands;
for one of the most important considerations
with that gang of masked midnight assassins
is their own security. They know that under
the defects of the law as it now stands they are
secure; and one of their operations in my
State has been, as I am informed, to order the
colored men to give up their arms; saying that
everybody would be ltukluxcd in whose house
fire-arms were found; thus looking to their
leading idea of security.
But, Mr. President, Icannotleave thisbranch
of the subject without endeavoring to induce
Senators to make a self-case of it, A man at
the dead hour of the night sleeping in his bed
finds as the first intimation of danger that his
door is burst open, and that fifteen or twenty
men in horrid disguises, uttering dismal groans,
and holding arms in their hands, are standing
over him, and the command is, " Get up and
follow us." Personal courage, if it were very
extreme and desperate, might get up a fight
on such an occasion ; but of what avail would
it be then and there ?
I admit there are men who, supposing them-
selves to be in danger, would be prepared for
that emergency, and who would take life not-
withstanding the odds against then); at least
would make it somewhat dangerous for such
an operation to be performed upon them. But
they are not the colored voters of the south-
ern States. Your reconstruction policy has
not had the sanction of a majority ol the white
men in those reconstructed States. Two fifths
of the white men of my State have supported
that policy from various considerations. So
large a proportion in most of the other States
has not been obtained. The maintenance of
that policy and of those great principles upon
which you believe the peace and security and
life of this great nation depend rests upon the
votes of the colored men. And who are they?
They were once slaves. They have been taught
from their earliest infancy to cringe before the
face of white men. Their characteristic, sucked
in with their mother's milk and instilled into
them by all their surroundings, has been fear.
I do not say that there is not courage among
tliem; but I submit it could not be cxpected
under the known principles of human nature
that men so circumstanced from their infancy
could have the exalted and desperate courage
which is contemplated by the question of the
Senator from Vermont.
Their character is well understood by those
who control these organizations and commit
these outrages. The programme is suited to
their character. They know that these men
are ignorant; they know that they are super-
stitious; hence they have the outlandish
names that were spoken of by the Senator from
Indiana yesterday; hence the horrid dis-
guises, all calculated to operate upon the fear
of an ignorant and superstitious class of the
population. If you could make that popula-
tion feel that they were shielded by the strong
arm of the law, you might give them courage
enough to interpose some efficient resistance
to what is going on. But when they see that
there is no protection from the law, when they
see that Government interferes not at all, and
that no arm is lifted in their behalf, it is ask-
ing more than will ever be obtained, and more
than it is reasonable to expect, that they should
rise up and resist. But, sir, unless they do it,
unless there is some remedy somewhere, what
is known by this Kuklux organization, and what
is known by us here, must occur. If they give
up their civil rights and vote the Democratic
ticket, of what efficacy or avail is the fifteenth
amendment?
Mr. President, I am speaking to this ques-
tion in a common-sense way and upon the
facts in the case. I have made no prepara-
tion for any set speech- about it. I desire
to communicate information to the Senate.
The position of the white Republicans in the
southern States has been a very difficult one
to maintain. I believe it has not been appre-
ciated by those who have put the keeping of
the reconstruction policy into their hands. If
there had been no white Republicans in the
reconstructed States, you never could have
had your policy established as it has been
there. Their presence was necessary; their
political information, their acquaintance with
the affairs of Government and with the modes
of managing parties, were absolutely indispens-
able to the success of your policy.
Congress knew when the war closed that
there was only one mode in which they could
have recognized by the southern people the
great principles which were supposed to have
been established by the results of the war, and
upon which the peace and security of this
country depended. There would not have
been a necessity for a moment's delay in es-
tablishing republican governments if it had
not been that you knew there was an ele-
ment which had recently been in hostility to
the Government of the United States, and
whoso love for it could not be trusted.^ If you
had not known that a majority of the internal
force which by insurrection had subverted the
governments which you proposed under your
constitutional obligations to reinstate was
against the policy which you proposed to adopt,
what would have been the necessity for putting
in your reconstruction acts a provision that
all the colored people should vote? That
was an acknowledgment of the whole ques-
tion. But, as I said a moment ago_, that vote
could not have been commanded in accord-
ance with what the Government seemed to
think was necessary for its perpetuity and its
interests if there had not been found whits
men—a minority, I admit—in my State a very
large minority—who believed as you believe,
or, whether believing so or not, who were will-
ing to accept the situation, take the terms offered
under the circumstances, and make the most
of them, and if they had not gone with this
colored vote and joined with it in order to carry
out the policy.
What did you propose? bet me examine the
situation for one moment. By the result ot the
war slavery was abolished—an institution cher-
ished by the southern people ; an institution
upon which their passions and their prejudices
had been aroused by traditions, and by occur-
rences even upon this floor before the war.
You proposed the thirteenth amendment, by
