1870.]
APPENDIX TO-THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
<?61
Laws of the United States.
dred dollars each, and one of fifty dollars, re-
deemable after February twenty-eight, eighteen
hundred and seventy-four, of the numbers here-
inafter specified, so soon as proof shall be ex-
hibited to the satisfaction ot the Secretary of
the destruction of three bonds of the loan and
value above mentioned,numbered twenty-seven
thousand five hundred and twenty-five, twenty-
seven thousand five hundred and twenty-six,
and two thousand eight hundred and sixty-six,
and if Reuben Grindle shall give bond with
sufficient security to indemnify the United
States against any other claim on account of
the bonds alleged to be so destroyed.
Approved, June 21, 1870.
Chap. CXLV.—An Act granting a Pension to
Mary A. Filler.
Be i t enacted by the Senate and House, of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Mary A. Filler,
foster-mother of Henry Drenning, late a private
in company K, of the fifty-fifth regiment of
Pennsylvania volunteers, upon the pension-
rolls ; and to pay her a pension at the rate of
eight dollars per month, from the fourth day
of March, eighteen hundred and seventy.
Approved. June 21. 1870.
Chap. CXLVI.—An Act for the Relief of
James H. Bunce.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Honseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of James Ii. Bunce,
late captain of the United States tow-boat Nick
W. Hughes, who lost his left leg in the United
States service, on the sixteenth of April, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, upon the pension-
rolls, at the rate of seventeen dollars per mouth
from the sixteenth of April, eighteen hundred
and sixly-five.
Api^roved, June 21, 1870.
Chap. CXLVII.rAn Act for the Relief of
William II. Harman.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
remit and release to William H. Harman the
internal revenue tax assessed on five hundred
and six gallons of whisky of his manufacture,
the same having been destroyed by fire before
removal from the said distillery, and before a
sale of the same.
Approved, June 21, 1870.
Chap. CXLYIII.—An Act for the Eelief of
Mary A. C'oolidge.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
issue four new bonds for one hundred dollars
each, with coupons attached from and including
the coupons of July first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, to Mary A. C'oolidge, of Augusta,
Maine, in lieu of her live-twenty coupon bonds
of a like amount of the second series, and num-
bered forty-five thousand four hundred [and]
eighty-nine, forty-five thousand four hundred
[and] ninety, forty-five thousand four hundred !
[and] ninety-one, and forty-five thousand four
hundred [and] ninety-two, respectively, de-
stroyed by fire : Provided, That before issuing
said new bonds the Secretary of the Treasury
shall require a sufficient bond of indemnity
securing the Government against the presenta-
tion of the bonds alleged to be destroyed.
Approved, June 21, 1870.
Chap. CXLIX.—An Act for the Belief of John
Somers Smith, on account of Diplomatic
Services at the City of Saint Domingo.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That out of any moneys in
the Treasury of the United States, not other-
wise appropriated, there be paid to John Somers
Smith, late commercial agent of the United
States at the city of Saint Domingo, the sum
of two thousand two hundred and fifty dollars,
on account of diplomatic services rendered at
Saint Domingo, especially in the negotiation
of the general convention of amity, commerce,
and navigation, and for the surrender of fugi-
tive criminals between the United States of
America and the Dominican republic, signed
atSaintDomingo, February eight, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, which sum
is in full for all charges or expenses beyond his
salary as commercial agent.
Approved, June 21, 1870.
Chap. CLIV.—An Act for the Relief of Wil-
liam H. Murphy, of Farmington, Missouri.
Beit enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral and the proper accounting officer of the
Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
and directed to settle the account of William
H. Murphy for carrying the United States
mails twice a week on the route number ten
thousand six hundred and eighty-six, in the
State of Missouri, from July first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, to April thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and to pay
him for the same at the rate of nine hundred
dollars a year, for the whole length of route,
deducting therefor pro rata compensation for
any portion of the service not performed.
Approved, June 23, 1870.
Chap. CLV.—An Act for the Relief of George
W. Tarleton.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, directed to pay
to George W. Tarleton the sum of four hun-
dred and fourteen dollars and forty-five cents
out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, that being the sum paid
under order of the district court of the north-
ern district of New York to the United Slates
depositary at Buffalo, as the distributive share
of the United States in the proceeds of the sale
of said Tarleton's property made under a judg-
ment of forfeiture pronounced by said court,
which judgment was subsequently vacated.
Approved, June 23, 1870.
Chap. CLYI.—An Act for the Ilelief of John
E. Griffin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral is hereby authorized and directed to pay
to John E. Griffin, late private of company IS,
second North Carolina mounted infantry, out
of any money appropriated for the pay of the
Army, the lull pay and allowance of a private
of infantry, from the first day of Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, t,o the
sixteenth of August, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five.
Approved, June 23, 1S70.
Chap. CLV1I.—An Act for the Relief of James
M. Trotter and William H. Dupree.
Be ii enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
41st Cons....2d Sess.
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to
James M. Trotter, sergeant major of the fifty -
fifth regiment Massachusetts volunteers, the
pay and allowances of a second lieutenant of
infantry, from the tenth of April, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, to the seventh of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, being the time
during which he acted as a second lieutenant
in the said regiment.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury be
also authorized and directed to pay to William
H. Dupree, sergeant in the said fifty-fifth regi-
ment of Massachusetts volunteers, the pay and
allowances of a second lieutenant of infantry,
from the thirtieth of May, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, to the twenty-first of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, being the
time during which lie performed the duties of
a second lieutenant in the said regiment.
Approved, June 23, 1870.
Chap. CLYIII.—An Act remitting Tax erron-
eously assessed upon one hundred and fifty
gallons of Whisky belonging to J. P. F.
Camp, of Spartanburg, South Carolina.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of three hun-
dred dollars internal revenue tax erroneously
assessed, April, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, upon one hundred and fifty gallons of
whisky, owned by J. P. F. Camp, of Spartan-
burg, South Carolina, be, and the same is
hereby, remitted.
Approved, June 23, 1870.
Chap. CLIJL—An Act for the Relief of J.
Allen Porter.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to J.
Allen Porter, sole heir of the late William L.
Porter, lieutenant fifth United States cavalry,
the pay of an assistant adjutant general of vol-
unteers, from Novemberten, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, 1he date of his muster-out as
first lieutenant fifty-sixth Ohio volunteers, to
Hay one, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, the
date of his appointment as captain and assist-
ant adjutant general of volunteers ; he having
been on duty at headquarters department of
the Cumberland during such interval in that
capacity.
Approved, June 23, 1870.
Chap. CLX.—An Act granting a Pension to
Mary Fryer, of Philadelphia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and
directed to place upon the pension-roll the
name of Mary Fryer, widow of John Fryer,
deceased, late a seaman in the United States
Navy, and that she be paid at the rate of eight
dollars per month, commencing from and after
the passage of this act.
Approved, June 23, 1870.
Chap. CLX I.—An Act granting a Pension to
Dolly Brown.
Beit enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of Hie United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
on the pension-rolls of the United Stales the
name of Dolly Brown, widow of Daniel Brown;
the said Daniel Brown having served as a pri-
vate soldier in the war of the Revolution, in
General Stark's brigade, in the battle of Ben-
nington ; the said Dolly Brown to receive a
