1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3663
omits either to compel these officers to receive
that vote, or to punish them when they refuse
to receive it, by which the whole efficacy and
value of the fifteenth am en dent is broken down ?
If the United States cannot come in then and
enforce it, of what value is the clause which
says that by appropriate legislation this right
maybe enforced?
Mr. THURMAN. Why, Mr. President, of
great value. It has already been proved, in
niy judgment, that that provision about appro-
priate legislation is nothing more than the old
provision in the Constitution which gives Con-
gress power to pass all necessary and proper
laws for carrying the provisions of the Consti-
tution into effect, and is to be interpreted in
the same light. For instance, suppose a State
should pass a law, and it is no more extreme
case than the one my friend has supposed, that
would make it punishable for a black man or
a white man either to vote or to offer to vote ;
you may pass laws by which that question can
be tried before the Federal tribunals, and the
State law can be declared null and void. That
would be appropriate legislation. If a State
should pass laws that would make it a penal
crime for citizens to be placcd upon precisely
the same footing, you can pass laws by which
you can bring them before the Federal judi-
ciary and have it determined whether those
laws are correct or not. That is appropriate
legislation.
13ut because you can do such a thing as that,
because you can pass such laws as that to pro-
vide the machinery by which State laws in
conflict with this provision are to be declared
to be null and void, because you can clothe
your judicial tribunals with the necessary power
to hold all such laws to be null and void, it
does not follow at all that you can invade the
rights of the States to regulate their own elec-
tions, their own mode and manner of elections,
much less that under the provisions of this bill
you can seize ho!d of individuals who have no
color of office under the State, no color of
authority under the State, but are simply pri-
vate breakers of the law, punishable under the
law of the State.
It will not do, I repeat again, for gentlemen
to put these extreme cases, because they are not
supposable cases. They are nothing but ex-
treme cases, it will not do to assume that the
Legislature of a State will pass such a law.
What right have you to assume any such thing ?
Do not the members of a State Legislature
take the same oath that we take to support the
Constitution of the United States? Are they
not required to do it as well as we are? What
right has the Senate of the United States to
assume that the members of a State Legislature
will not be as regardful of the oath they have
taken as the members of the Senate of the
United States ? What right have you to usurp
power based upon the hypothesis that the mem-
bers of the State Legislature will be wholly
regardless of the oaths they have taken, wholly
regardless of their duty, wholly regardless of
the obligations upon them to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, and that they
will deliberately go to work to pass laws in
violation of it? You cannot assume any such
thing; you are not authorized to assume any
such thing, and no power in Congress can be
based upon such an extreme assumption as
that.
If you can do that, if you can let the imagina-
tion loose to suppose extreme cases that may
never arise, and give to Congress power under
pretense of guarding against these extreme
and improbable, I might almost say impossible
cases, then you can at once assume every
power of government that is exercised in this
Republic. There is not one that you cannot
assume by that course of reasoning. It is
reasoning that is condemned by all law, that
is condemned by log-ic, that is condemned by
common sense.
Above nil, such things ought not to be as-
sumed in this tribunal, in this Congress, which
has no powers but such as are delegated to it
by the Constitution of the United States; which
has no general legislative power as the State
Legislatures have, but has simply such powers
as are expressly or impliedly delegated to it by
the States or by the people of the States, as you
see fit to call the constituent body of Congress.
Above all others, ought we never to assume it;
we, the representatives of the States; we, who
come here treating the States as such high bodies
that the smallest State in the Union has as many
Senators on this floor as the greatest; so that
Delaware, with a territory not so large as that
of some counties in Ohio, or scarcely larger,
and with a population not equal to that of a
single congressional district in the State of
New York, or of Pennsylvania, or of Ohio,
stands here with two Senators, the peer, the
equal of the great State of New York; and
shall we who were once called the embassa-
dors of the States, who are at least the repre-
sentatives of the States, and of what all parties
used to call the sovereignty of the States, shall
'we grasp power with both hands? Shall we
reach out our arms long and far to grasp all the
powers of Government, on the hypothesis that
the members of the Legislatures of the States
we represent are ready to commit perjury in
violation of the Constitution of the United
States? I, for on%, will not do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I think
my colleague has made a very interesting and
in the main a judicious and proper construction
of the fifteenth amendment. The great trouble
is that his speech has no application whatever
to either of the propositions pending before
the Senate. I listened to him, after hearing
bis explanation of the constitutional amend-
ment, to make the application of his remarks,
which in a late hour of the evening like this
is much more important than to expound the
Constitution, lie admits that Congress has a
right by appropriate legislation to prevent- any
State from discriminating against a voter on
account of his race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude. That is all, I believe, that
is claimed by any one on this side of the Cham-
ber as to the authority conferred by the fif-
teenth amendment. I have looked over the
proposition submitted by the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the Senate and the proposition sent
to ns by the House of Representatives, and I
can see no provision in them but what is in-
tended simply to prevent a discrimination on
account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude. I think the fourth section of the
Senate amendment is badly worded, although
even in that section the word "aforesaid,"
referring to the previous section, shows clearly
enough that the intention of its framers was to
confine the operation of that section to offenses
against the fifteenth amendment; that is, an
attempt to discriminate between voters on
account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my colleague allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly; but I do not
wish to prolong my remarks.
Mr. THURMAN. Does my colleague sup-
pose that the fourth section applies to nobody
but officials acting under color of State au-
thority?
Mr. SHERMAN. I say that the bill applies
to persons as well as to officers 
Mr. THURMAN. That gives up the whole
argument.
Mr. SHERMAN. Notatall. Whatlmean
is that all the provisions of the law are to pre-
vent persons or officers, under the color of State
authority, from denying a 'man the right of suf-
frage. My colleague cannot deny that we can
by appropriate legislation prevent any private
person from shielding himself under a State
regulation, and thus denying to a person the
right to vote on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude. Our right of
appropriate legislation extends to every citizen
of a State, -the humblest as well as the highest.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to ask the
Senator from Ohio how a State can be said to
abridge the right of a colored man to vote when
some irresponsible person in the streets is the
actor in that wrong?
Mr. SHERMAN. If the offender, who may
be a loafer, the meanest man in the streets,
covers himself under the protection or color
of a law or regulation or constitution of a State,
he may be punished for doing it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Suppose the State law
authorizes the colored man to vote; what
then ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not the case with
which we are dealing. I intend to propose an
amendmentto present a question of that kind.
This bill only proposes to deal with offenses
committed by officers or persons under color
of existing State law, under color of existing
State constitutions. No man could be con-
victed under this bill reported by the Judiciary
Committee unless the denial of the right to vote
was done under color or pretense of State regu-
lation. The whole bill shows that. My hon-
orable friend from California has not read this
bill with his usual care if he does not see that
that runs through the whole of the provisions
of the first and second sections of the bill, which
simply punish officers as well as persons for
discrimination under color of State laws or
constitutions; and it so provides all the way
through.
But, Mr. President, there is one other
grievance that 1 feel ought to be dealt with
at this moment, as we have this bill before ns;
a grievance which has become of greater mag-
nitude even than the denial of the right to vote
to colored people; and that is, the open, glar-
ing, admitted frauds by wholesale in the great
cities of this country, by which our Government
is about to be subverted. If I were asked to
point out the greatest evil that now threatens
our country 1 should point to the subversion
of all authority by overthrowing the elective
franchise. We have official documents without
number in both Houses of Congress showing
the growing evil of trampling down the rights
of communities and States to representation in
Congress in the election of members of Con-
gress and in the election of Senators. At the
last presidential election in the city of New
York, according to an official examination in
the other House, there was an attempt to
subvert the election of a President of the
United States by wholesale and glaring frauds.
Does anybody deny or dispute it ? It was suffi-
ciently proven.
Therefore I think we ought to avail our-
selves of the pendency of the present bill to
adopt some provision tending to guard the
election of members of Congress and electors
for President and Vice President from these
wholesale frauds. There has been handed to
me a bill, very carefully prepared by a large
committee of the House of Representatives;
I believe a committee composed of fifteen
members, upon which all parties and all sec-
tions were fairly represented. That committee,
after a careful examination, have reported three
sections to accomplish the purpose of preserv-
ing the purity of elections. There can be no
doubt about the constitutional power of Con-
gress in this particular, because it is in plain
accordance with the provisions of the Con-
stitution which authorize Congress to change
and alter the mode and manner of electing
members of Congress and electors for Presi-
dent. I propose to offer these three sections,
which I find are embodied in substance in the
laws of most of the States, but which are dis-
regarded and nullified and overthrown in every
election in the city of New York, as three in-
dependent sections to come in at the end of
the bill. I have read the sections very care-
ftrily myself, and submitted them to many
others. As I have said, they have received
the sanction of a committee of the House,
which has carefully examined the whole sub-
ject, and I do not believe they raise any ecu
