5552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
ator from Kentucky to allow me to make a
report.
Air. DAVIS.' - Certainly.
DRAWBACK ON COTTON CLOTU. '
Mr. MORRILL, of. Vermont. I am directed
by the Committee on Finance, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 358)
to construe the act of March 31,1868, to report
it back with an amendment, and I ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent,the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution. It provides that the act of
March 31,1868, chapter forty-one, shall beheld
and construed not to prohibit the drawback
provided for by section six of the act of July
IS, 1866; chapter one hundred and eighty-four,
of as many cents per pound of cotton cloth,
yarn, thread, or knit articles, manufactured
exclusively from cotton and exported prior to
May 1, 18G9, as shall have been assessed and
paid in the form of an internal tax upon the
raw cotton entering into the manufacture of
the cloth or other article.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. From abund-
ant caution the Committee on Finance recom-
mend the following amendment to be added at
the end of the resolution :
Provided, That sucli drawback shall be limited to
exportations made not more than six months after
the date of the supplemental regulations issued by
the Commissioner ot Internal Revenue, and approved
by the Secretary of the Treasury, May 10, 1868.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSBRLY. I beg the Senator from
Vermont to explain the nature of that joint
resolution. We did not exactly catch it as it
was read. What is the effect of it ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The effect is
simply this : under our previous laws of 1860
and 1868 a drawback was allowed upon cotton
goods exported, both for the internal tax and
the tax paid on the raw cotton, and that being
repealed the tax on manufactures was repealed
with it. There were some goods in process of
manufacture, and under instructions from the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue and tho
Secretary of the Treasury, the manufacturers
were told that they would be allowed, as they
ought to be allowed, the tax actually paid upon
that cotton. There were some two export-
ations of that class of cotton goods, and this
is merely to remedy a deficiency in tho ruling
of the Department since.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
It was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed, and the resolution read a third time.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
Mlts. MARGARET P. IIOBIKSON.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to call up Sen-
ate bill No. 956.
Mr. DAVIS. I yielded to the Senator from
Vermont. :
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky is entitled to the floor, he hav-
ing yielded to the Senator from Vermont to
make a report.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senate to take up
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 224) for the
relief of Mrs. Margaret P. Robinson, of Ken-
tucky.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky asks unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up the joint resolution
indicated by him. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution. It
directs the Quartermaster General to pay to
Mrs. Margaret P. Robinson, widow of Richard
M. Robinson, in her own right, and in full
satisfaction of all claims for the use of real and
personal property of the premises known as
Camp Dick Robinson, in Garrard county, Ken-
tucky, for military purposes, by the military
authority of the United States, $5,878 30, for
the sole use and benefit of Margaret P. Rob-
inson, out of the public money of the quarter-
master's department of the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand the
resolution, but I suppose it is all right. If
Senators think it is, I have no objection.
Mr. PRATT. I made a report on this sub-
ject, which I now hold in my hand. I exam-
ined it with great care.
Mr. POMEROY. I know that bills of this
character have been debated here at great
length.
Mr. PRATT. I think this is a very merit-
orious case.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. If no amend-
ment be offered, the joint resolution will be
reported to the Senate without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to that resolution.
I have a document from Kentucky on the sub-
ject, from a thorough Republican. That case
is a rotten egg. I have a paper here that I
must read before it can be passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand it is being
proceeded with by unanimous consent.
Tho PRESIDENTpro tempore.' But having
been proceeded with by unanimous consent it
is now before the Senate, and it is too late to
object.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to its consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is too
late to object, the Senate having already sus-
pended the rule. The Chair called for objec-
tions, and no objections were made. The joint
resolution is before the Senate for consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. But we are proceeding now
by unanimous consent, are we not? Iassurethe
Senate that this is a case that I have had occa-
sion to look into, and it ought not to pass, at
any rate without inquiry.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator can accomplish his object by moving to
lay the bill on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I make that motion.
Mr. PRATT. There has been no case be-
fore the Committee on Claims that has received
better consideration than the claim pow before
the Senate in favor of Margaret P. Robinson.
I have the report on tho subject in my hand,
covering some six pages.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts withdraw his
motion ?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall oppose this joint
resolution at all points.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the resolution will not
be laid on the table. I assure the Senate it is
a meritorious case.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suggest that it be laid
over, as it will lead to debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Oregon suggests that the joint reso-
lution be laid over. Is there any objection?
Mr. PRATT. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on the motion to lay the joint res-
olution on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I merely rise to make a
suggestion. At this period of the session -if we
attempt to pass disputed private claims we shall
consume invaluable time. I know there are a
dozen reports that ought to be made now. I
think all bills to be taken up now ought to be
held subject to a single objection.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the Senator will
allow 
Mr. SHERMAN. I know nothing about this
claim, and I shall probably vote for it on the
assurance of the honorable Senator from In-
diana that he has examined it; but it will give
rise to debate, and we ought not to allow any
private bill which gives rise to dispute to be
interposed with the ordinary machinery on the
last day of the session.
Mr. PRATT. It seems very hard that a pri-
vate bill should be discarded entirely and not
allowed to be considered at this session. Very
little time has been given for the consideration
of private bills.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest that we take the
yeas and nays on the passage of the resolution,
and settle it in that way.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all; it must be de-
bated.
Mr. HOWARD. I think it had better go
over by general consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. -This joint
resolution is under consideration by unanimous
consent. No objection was made.
Mr. SUMNER. If unanimous consent is in
question, I object.
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. Unanimous
consent has been given.
Mr. DRAKE. I rise to a question of order.
I state as a fact that.the Vice President has
uniformly ruled, when there was no objection
made at the time objection was called for, that
any objection after that time ruled the bill out,
and it could not be acted upon. He has invari-
ably ruled that Way ; and if we are to have a
different rule now, after it is called to the atten-
tion of the Chair, I should like to know it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Vice President is not
in the chair now, and I submit that the pres-
ent Presiding Officer has ruled in precise ac-
cordance with the uniform ruling in this body;
that when unanimous consent is asked for the
consideration of a bill, and unanimous con-
sent is then given, that settles the question
until the bill is disposed of.
Mr. CONKLING. Of course it does.
Mr. POMEROY. The Chair is undoubtedly
right in his ruling.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is distinct in his recollection that his ruling
conforms to the universal custom when the
permanent Presiding Officer is in the chair.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for a vote on the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is on laying
it on the table.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion
to lay on the table was decided in the negative.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken I
will read 
Mr. POMEROY. A motion to lay on the
table cannot be debated.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; let us have the
vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckingham,Chandler,Cole,Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragin, Gilbert, Harlan, Howard,
Schurz. Sherman, Sumner, and Williams—13.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Cassorly, Davis, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harris, Howell, Johnston,
Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery, McDonald, Nye, Pom-
eroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Spencer,
Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Trumbull, and Wil-
ley—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott.Anthony, Bayard. Bore-
man, Brownlow, Cameron,Carpenter, Cattell, Drake,
Edmunds, Penton, Perry, Flanagan, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Norton, Osborn, Patterson, Pool,
Revels, Saulsbury. Sawyer, Scott, Thayer Thurman,
Iipton, Vickers, Warner, Wilson, and Yates—34.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr.^ SUMNER. I should not have inter-
fered in this case except for a communication
that I have received from a gentleman in Ken-
tucky, known well _ to many of the Senators,
and who has been in eminent public service,
and who felt it his duty to write to me on this
claim. I will read from his letter:
"Deati Sir : I beg to be excused for molesting your
attention by referring to a resolution of tho House
giving Mrs. Margaret P. Robinson $5,600 for dam-
ages caused by the military occupation of Camp Dick
Robinson. What representations and proofs have
been made to secure tho passage of this resolution
1 know not, but none could have been truthfully
madethatwouldhavesecuredilspassage. Theciaim
is utterly destitute of merit. Mr. Robinson in his
lifetime received at least as much as the fee-simple
title to the land was worth, and it is now worth as
much as it ever was. Tho whole history  f this claim
ought to be known to the Senate committee. I do
not write this for any other purpose than to suggest
tho propriety of investigation. 1 do not offer any
