2720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April lo,
which you prohibited slavery in all the terri-
tory of the United States. It was submitted to
as a legitimate result of the war by everybody.
There is no man in the southern States "who
could to-day propose seriously any measure to
reinstate slavery without having the back of
every man turned against him. He would be
scouted by the common sentiment of all those
communities. That has been the result of the
thirteenth amendment. But while men stand
upon it, and accept it as the result of the war,
I candidly submit to Senators this considera-
tion : it was a shock to every interest, social and
material, in those States; it was a shock that
was felt, and which left behind it here and there
stings that cannot soon be forgotten.
But, sir, there was no resistance to it; it was
considered as one of the legitimate results of
the war. But that was not all of the recon-
struction policy which was required to be as-
sented to by those people. You did not under-
take to put these things upon the States, but
you undertook to obtain from them their con-
sent that they should be put upon them. I
admit the wisdom of the policy; I admit its
necessity; but what was it? I am not criti-
cising it now, for I have sustained it, and sus-
tained it upon principle as well as upon a sense
of duty and a sense of what I believed to be
the highest interest, not only of my country at
large, but of my section ; and I refer to it, not
for the purpose of criticising or of objecting,
though to some of its features I could raise
objections which I think would strike Senators.
You proposed the fourteenth amendment.
This reconstruction policy of Congress has
been progressive; it is progressive yet; and
must be progressive still. In the first place
the thirteenth amendment was passed. That
was not hard to carry. If that had been all you
proposed to do you might have proceeded
within thirty days to establish governments re-
publican in form in every one of those States ;
and if you had let the people establish them
themselves according to their own notions they
would have put no anti-republican feature in
them,as "anti-republican" was understood up
to that time. The trouble has been in the effort
to establish the reconstruction policy in con-
junction with the setting up of these new gov-
ernments.
The fourteenth amendment was proposed—■
an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, the highest guarantee for the establish-
ment of any principle in this Government.
You required certain amendments in the con-
stitutions of the States, the next highest guar-
antee for the permanent establishment of such
principles. You put military authority over
those communities, and you ordered that elec-
tions should be held and that certain voters
should vote at those elections in order to get
into the State constitutions these requisite pro-
visions. Latterly, fundamental conditions have
been resorted to, which I look upon as the
weakest of all guarantees for the establishment
and perpetuity of a principle that is deemed
necessary for the peace and safety of the Union;
and you will find, as I think we have found
already, that legislation will become necessary
before we get through with this subject, a? well
as the stringent execution of that legislation.
You required the aid of the rebel States, as
you then called them, to enableyou to secure the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution and
get it under the high guarantees of the fund-
amental law of the Republic. You required
the aid of their people, the assent of a major-
ity of that people, to get into their constitutions
the fundamental principles upon which you
said it was necessary that those governments
should be established iti order to secure the
future peace and safety of the country.
The fourteenth amendment in its first section
provided that no State should pass any law by
which it should abridge the rights of a citizen;
that is, you made all men equal before the law,
made them equal in civil rights. To that there
was no objection; and if that had been all that
the Republican party in those States had been
required to carry, there would have been no
trouble in regard to it.
The second section of this fourteenth amend-
ment was in regard to the apportionment of
representation, diminishing it in the propor-
tion in which certain citizens might be prohib-
ited the right to vote. To that I apprehend
there would have been no objection; at least, if
there had been objection, the southern Repub-
licans would have had no difficulty in carrying
that. It was not obnoxious to such an extent
as to make it difficult to carry under the cir-
cumstances. The necessity for it has since been
entirely superseded bythe fifteenth amendment
which has been adopted.
The third section contained a clause not
disfranchising, but making ineligible to office
certain classes of the people. That was a
difficult feature and a difficult principle for
southern Republicans to carry. It was diffi-
cult for many reasons. In the first place those
who were opposed to your reconstruction pol-
icy with much reluctance saw their leaders
stricken down politically. They were looking
to those leaders to point the way still, and to
lead them on to such resistance to what was
going on as they might under the circum-
stances be able to make. It was unfortunate
for another reason. 1 am not saying that it
was not wise in its general scope and for the
general purposes intended to be attained.
Understand me, sir, I am not attacking it in
its principles now ; but there was in it a most
unfortunate discrimination. That discrimina-
tion was unquestionably unwise. If you meant
to strike the enemies of your policy, if you
meant to strike those who had set themselves
against what you were endeavoring to do, you
failed most signally in the main, and in failing
you struck down the very best of your friends.
The disability provision was not applicable to
a man because he had buved his arm against
the life of this nation, because lie had com-
mitted treason, because he had outraged in
the most inhuman and barbarous manner the
friends of the Government, because he had
starved prisoners of war, or shot them down
without giving them the rights that civilized
nations always accord to prisoners. Your dis-
crimination was that those should be disabled,
and only those, who held office before the war.
That was the touchstone of the discrimination.
That struck your friends as well as your ene-
mies. What was the result? I am mentioning
these things, if the Senate will have patience
with mo, in order to show the difficulty with
which the policy has been carried along thus
far, that I may impress upon you the danger in
which it is to-day.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question at this point ?
Mr. POOL. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. T should like to have the
Senator's opinion, while he is on this point,
as to whether the men who are disfranchised
by the third section of the fourteenth amend
irient are the men who create political disturb-
ances in the South, as a rule?
Mr. POOL. No sir, they are not. I should
question whether one per cent, of them could
be found in these disguised organizations, for
the reason that whoever may wink at these
organizations, whoever may slightly encour-
age them, the men who.go, and bear tlie dag-
ger, and do the work, are not men who have
ever been Vrusted with offices that would have
disfranchised them. They are a different class
of men.
But I was going on to say, Mr. President,
that clause put under the ban a man who
had been as true to the Union previous to
secession as the needle is to the pole; but
having unfortunately acted as a magistrate or
constable or clerk previously, and being
II
caught within the insurrectionary districts and
unable to get out, was compelled, however
true his heart beat to the Union during the
whole struggle, to be in some wise compro-
mised in the rebellion. Why, sir, the stal-
wart Union men of those States, who at the
risk of their lives, against the whole .current
of public opinion, against every social influ-
ence, against friends, against every odds, ad-
hered aa far as they could,on all occasions and
under all circumstances, to the flag of their
country, but who were not willing to swallow
all sorts of oaths, whose consciences were too
sensitive to allow them to say that they had
never under any circumstances, on any occa-
sion, voluntarily or involuntarily given any aid
or encouragement to rebellion, were stricken
down; while the men who wished to hang
them and who persecuted them because they
were supposed to be true to the Union during
the struggle, the men who maltreated your
prisoners, the men who either abused the pol-
icy of the laws of the confederate govern-
ment,or in violation of them produced a scene
of atrocity and outrage that can scarcely be
paralleled in the history of the world, in their
efforts to crush down every Union feeling that
could be created there—this claiss of men
were not touched by that amendment; no
brand was put upon them. The brand of
traitor was put by your amendment upon the
heads of Union men; and they were the men
who had the power or t.he influence at least,
to be the most available of the friends of the
policy which you said the peace of the nation
required to be carried out.
1 merely say this, not to analyze the matter
to any great extent, but to show you that there
was inherent in tho fourteenth amendment an
element of weakness which you put with your
own hands upon your own friends. I know
from experience how it was felt. Men upon
whom we could rely in the dark days of 1864 and
18G5 for any movement that would look to a
cessation of hostilities and a restoration of the
Union, found themselves stripped of their
property, which in some instances consisted
only of slaves. They submitted to that. They
remembered what they had endured for tbis
Government, and under what unfavorable and
trying circumstances they had submitted to it,
with no hope save the success of the Union;
for if the Union had failed, while those of the
North who sustained it might have been still
heroes, those at the South who were even sus-
pected of Unionism would have been crushed
into social and political degradation, and pos-
itively obliged to leave their homes. I say
men jvho looked back and remembered what
they had done for the Government, how they
had longed in the darkest hour for the restora-
tion of the flag, and who were willing to sub-
mit, if it were necessary for the preservation
of the Union, to the loss of their property,
saw that in the very hour when you required
their aid to do not only this but other things,
you added a requirement that they themselves
should consent to having the brand of traitor
stamped upon their foreheads and having their
bitter enemies and persecutors go without any
such stamp at all. But, sir, you required us
to carry that, and we did carry it.
But, Mr. President, that is not all that your
reconstruction policy requires. I reiterate
again that I am not criticising it; I am not
raising objections to it; I am only impressing
upon Senators the weight which that policy
required its friends to carry in order that they
may see what has been accomplished thus far,
and judge whether it is now upon a safe footing.
In the fourth section of the fourteenth
amendment the validity of the public debt of
the United States is required to be recognized
and never questioned. You required that tho
southern people should consent to make invio-
lable the debt of the United States incurred
in their subjugation. That was reasonable.
