4808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 20j
in the elections this fall and shoulder the full
responsibility of those expenditures. It is
necessary, I presume, as a political measure,
that this bill shall be laid on the table, in
order that noaseending scale maybe apparent
in the expenditures of the Administration, that
it may appear to have kept its word. Next
winter, when we reassemble, the elections being
all over, we shall doubtless pass just as many
deficiency bills as,'may be necessary, swelling the
appropriations up to the old standard. But at
present the Administration needs to carry as
little weight as possible.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. Mr". Chairman, the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Beaman] has indi-
cated an intention to move to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill. These .are some
things the House should consider before adopt-
itigsueh a motion. The defenses of the United
States at this time are fn no such condition
as to excite the admiration or bear the scru-
tiny of any other Power. They are in no such
condition as to be able to iepe} any assault.
They are in 110 such condition, Mr. Chair-
man, as, upon a sudden emergency, would be
of any practical avail for the defense of the
harbors of the country, Wc have already in-
dicated a disposition to cut down the Navy to
the lowest possible point. We have refused,
and in iny opinion wisely, to enter upon the
building .of any ships of war, and we are dis-
posed to avaii ourselves only of the force we
now have in the Navy, which we admit of itself
is riot sufficient for our protection abroad and
for our defenses at home. The question now
arises, will we also permit the defenses of the
country at homo to run down to the lowest
possible point, and then take the risk of for-
tunp'or accident'?' Those who are responsible
for the administration of the Government will
be responsible for any contingency that may
arise.
I do not myself anticipate any trouble with
any foreign nation. I do not anticipate a war
wiih Spain or with any other Power; but I do
not for myself know, nor can any man in the
natio,n be able to foretell, what new complica-
tions ra^y arise to-day or to-morrow or next
week ; and I submit to the House whether it
be just exactly the thing for us to say we will
expend no-money in repairing, improving,
altering, fitting to the times or to the improve-
ments in warfare, any of the fortifications that
protect the great harbors of our coast?
I hope, if the House shall do this, they will
do it deliberately, with 110 idea but a willing-
ness 011 their part, if any contingency shall
arise that will find us utterly helpless and at
the mercy of any foreign Power invited to a
quarrel oi' a complication with us, by the very
fact that we are to-day doing nothing for our
fortifications- 
Mr. COBURN. I hope the gentleman will
explain how we shall be utterly helpless unless
these appropriations are made.
Mr. DAWES. I will answer the gentleman's
question as well as J.-may in-the few moments
allotted me. 1 am well aware that the improve-
ments of modern warfare have rendered the
old system of fortification^ to a great extent
useless, but acquaintance with what is going
on in the engineering department of the 'Gov-
ernment will satisfy gentlemen that with this
appropriation they will be enabled, as they
desire to do, to modernize -those fortifications
with such improvements of earth-works and
other means such as experience aijdth-einveo-
tions of the time show to be necessary, and
the mo-re necessary because of the fact that
changes in the modes of warfare are going on
continually, and there must be a .corresponds
ing change kept up in the mode of defense.
I go as heartily as any one into the work of
cutting down appropriations and making them
just as small as possible. I shall have to ask
the attention of the House, when a bill shall
come up to-morrow, to the aggregates which
we have already upon our shoulders and the
necessity of adhering to the strictest economy.-
' But I ask the House upon these points to
consider whether they are willing to take all
the risks that will follow of laying bare'their
sea-coasts, casting down their Navy to the
lowest possible point, and praying God that
nothing tmfortunate may happen. My friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Cobpeh,] safe in the inte- -
rior, inquires of me how we shall he helpless;
A single iron-clad gunboat of Spain, or any
other foreign Power, can enter any of our
htirbors ljpon our sea-coast and destroy the
towns and shipping of that harbor; and in the
present condition of some of the defenses of
those harbors nothing could be done to resist
t'hem. Is the gentleman willing to expose a
single sea-port town, San Francisco or Port-
land, on the Pacific coast, or either of the
towns on the Atlantic coast, to a bombard-
ment of one hour, in which trior,e property will
be destroyed than forty times the amount con-
tained in this bill?
Mr. Chairman, I have no personal desire to
force this bill upon the House. No expend-
iture of money within r&tch of my district will
ever help me one dollar anywhere, and I speak
only upon what I feel to be the necessities of
the nation at this hour; ayd I hope that" no
motion to strike out the enacting clause of this
bill will prevafll until we. make up our minds
whether we are willing to abandon .our defenses
at home and abroad ; at home by this bill, and
abroad, as we are charged by the Navy itself
with doing, by cutting down our naval power.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I wish the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] would
tell us something in regard to the details of
this bill. What is it proposed to do with the
money to bo appropriated by this bill? Are
the forts along tie coast now in a condition of
defense? Let us know something about it.
Mr. DAWES. Thegentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Niblacjk] charged with the management
of this bill is amply prepared to answer all
these questions. 1 would with great pleasure
give all the information I have, but it is within
the province, as it will no doubt be the pleasure
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. NibiAck]
to explain any portion of the bill which it is
desired should he explained.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Thegentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Daivjos] has aunouneed
one alarming fact, that any iron-clad vessel
could enter our harbors and destroy our ship-
ping and property.
Mr. DAWES. I said that there were iron-
clads that could enter our harbors and in an
hour destroy more property in value than all
this bill proposes to appropriate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Can gun-boats now
enter unharmed all the harbors mentioned in
this bill?
Mr. DAWES. I am not a. military man,
Mr. FARNS WORTH. If they can do thai,"
then his argument will apply; if not, theu it
will not apply.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will put
his inquiry so as to apply to any one of these
fortifications I will furnish him or thegentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] will furnish
him with facts which I think will satisfy him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want to know if
the sum of $75,000 will protect Portland, which
is now unprotected?
Mr. NIBLACK. IIow much time is left for
general debate ?
The CHAIRMAN. Four minutes.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will yield two minutes
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Judd.]
M-r. JUDD. In the two minutes allotted to
me I desire to remark briefly upon the singular
eo.urse of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr.. Dawes,] chairman of the Committee 011
Appropriations. He resisted the appropria-
tions asked for by the Navy Department on
the ground that they were not needed. And
now he says that the improved mode-of naval
warfare of modern times has rendered all our
present fortifications nearly useless, and thaC
those fortifications must be reconstructed, it
they are to be made of any use. .
Now, I wish to ask thatgentleman if hs thinks
that $53,000 would reconstruct Fort Independ^
encej Boston harborj or that f>100,0ii)0 would
reconstruct Fort Warren, Boston harbor; op
that $69,000 would reconstruct Fort Wmthrop,
Boston harbor ? It is admitted on all sides
that the mode of warfare has so changed as to
render comparatively useless the fortifications
which were built twenty-five, thirty,_ forty, or
fifty years since ; that those fortifications must
be rebuilt to be rendered of any value. Now,
if that be so, then the amounts here appropri-
ated are merely ornamental, the greater por-
tion of them, ill connection with these old
fortifications."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I now yield for two min-
utes to the gentleman from Massachusetts^
[Mr. Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. I am nofsurprised at gentle-
men opposing this bill; they are from the
interior and care nothing for the frontier.
Mr. JUDD. The gentleman is mistaken ; I
am in favor of protecting Boston.
Mr. BANKS. They think the money spent
for protection should be in the shape of inter-
nal improvements, and they have plenty of
objects of that kind for which they .will vote
appropriations.
' Now, if the amounts here proposed to be
appropriated arc not enough to make these
fortifications perfectly defensible, they will at
leastapproach that point. It will be necessary
to make appropriations from time to timo until
we can get that perfect defense which is neces-
sary. It is not, as the gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Beamax] has said, a question of
time, or a question of econoaiy; but it is a
question of defense. It is necessary to make
these defenses when .we can and as perfect as
wc can. I hope the little thai is asked here
will be given.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time allowed by
order of the House for general debate has now
expired.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have no desire to press
this bill against the sense of the House. And
if members desire to defeat it in the manner
indicated by thegentleman from .Michigan [Mr.
Beaman] by striking out the cnacting clause
of the bill, I am willing that a vote shall Do
taken upon that motion. I will therefore now
yield to the gentleman to make that motion.
Mr. BEAMAN. I now move to strike out
the cnacting clause of this bill, and will yield
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrexcb,]
my colleague on the Committee 011 Appropria-
tions.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I always
i*ise with a great deal of reluctance to oppose
any measure which comes from a committee of
this House; but I rise with much more reluc-
tance to oppose a measure reported by the
Committee on Appropriations, of which L have
the honor to be a member. I would not say
one word in opposition to this bill if I did not
think that the interests of the country demaud
it at my hands, and if I did not believe that
Congress ought to refuse to appropriate one
dollar at the present time for the erection of
a single new fort in the United States.
In the estimates which came in at the open-
ing of this session we were asked to appropriate
$4,390,000 for the construction, preservation,
•and repair of fortifications; and in addition to
that, we were asked to transfer an unex-
pended balance from a prior year, amounting
to $289,000, for the repair efforts in New York
harbor. The Committee on Appropriations
have reported a bill which proposes to appro-
priate !?1,201,750 for the purposes indicated in
the statement which I send to the Clerk's desk
to be read.
