1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
Laws of the United Stales.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
by guerrillas on the twenty-eighth day of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, near
Charlestown, Virginia.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
Chap. C CIV.—An Act for the Relief of Thomas
Henderson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Thomas Henderson,
of Wayne county, Michigan, his heirs or as-
signs, be entitled to enter at the proper land
office, where the same lies, the back conces-
sion of front concession number two hundred
and fifty nine, in the township of Ecorce, in
said Wayne county, containing eighty acres,
more or less, at the sum of two dollars and fifty
cents per acre, embracing the improvements
made upon said back concession by said Hen-
derson under a claim of preemption, the same
to be surveyed and laid off by the surveyor
general at the expense of said claimant, and
to be patented to him, his heirs or assigns, on
full payment being made: Provided, That this
act shall not affect thevalid claim of any other
person to said land.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
Chap. CCV.—An Act to relieve Henry A. Bad-
ham from the Legal and Political Disability
imposed by the Fourteenth Amendment of
the Constitution of the United States.
Be itenactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States,
by reason of participation in the late rebellion,
be, and they hereby are, removed from Henry
A. Badham, of Alamance county, in the State
of North Carolina.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
Chap. CCVI.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act to remove the charge of deser-
tion from certain Soldiers of the Second
North Carolina Mounted Infantry," ap-
proved March twenty-sis, eighteen hundred
and sixty-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That an act entitled "An
act to remove the charge of desertion from cer-
tain soldiers of the second North Carolina
mounted infantry," approved March twenty-
six, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, is hereby
amended to include the following-named'sol-
diers of the second North Carolina mounted
infantry: company A, George \V. Biggs; com-
pany C, John Brooks, Hiram B. Riddle; com-
pany D, Henry it. Cook, William D. Sexton ;
company £,GeorgeW. Hensly, William Loomy,
James Holland, George Norton, Armstrong
Harris; company F, John L. Swaynegame,
James L. Sentell, John E. Senteil, Thomas
M. Stewart, William P. Kilpatriek, James L.
Evans, William W. Hamlin, Robert. P. Orr,
John Kelly; company H, Merritt R. V. ^.therly,
Robert D. Walker, Lynch Young.
Approved, July 1, 1870.
Chap. CCXV.—An Act for the Relief of John
Tyler.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stalesoj America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner of
Patents, upon due application made to him,
is authorized to extend the patent of John
Tyler, of West Lebanon, New Hampshire, for
improvements in water-wheels, issued to biai
July eight, eighteen hundred and fifty-six. and
reissued in eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
and which will expire July eight, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, upon the same evidence and
principles as if application had been made to
him by said patentee in due time prior to said
expiration of said patent.
Approved, July 7, 1870.
Cuap. CCXVI.—An Act for the Relief of
Alexander C. Twining.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That as soon as practica-
ble after the passage of this act the Commis-
sioner of Patents is hereby authorized and
directed to extend the patent of Alexander C.
Twining, dated November eighth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, and numbered ten
thousand two hundred and twenty-one, for an
improvement in the process and apparatus for
making ice, for the term of seven years, com-
mencing on the third day of July, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy one, and ending on the third
day of July, eighteen hundred and seventy-
eight, unless, upon examination by said Com-
missioner, it bo found that the substantive
invention secured by said patent was not new
and patentable at the time of the date of said-
patent.
Approved, July 7, 1870.
Chap. CCXVI/.—An Act to authorize the
proper Accounting Officers of the Treasury
to settle and elose the Account of Hinton
Rowan Helper.
Be it enacted by the Senate andllouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress asssmblcd, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury are hereby author-
ized anddiiected to settle and close the accounts
of Hinton Rowan Helper, late consul of the
United States at Buenos Ayres, as set forth
and referred to in his memorial to Congress,
under date of January seventeen, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, upon the principles of justice
and equity : Provided, That no money shall
be paid out of the Treasury in effecting a final
settlement: And provided further, That the
whole amount of compensation to the said
consul, for salary, for rent, and for clerk hire,
shall not exceed the sum of three thousand
dollars per annum.
Approved, July 7, 1870.
Chap. CCXVlII.—An Act granting a Pension
to Francis il. Davis.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentulives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interim- be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws,the name of Francis M. Davis, late
a private in company A, fitiy-first regiment,
Indiana volunteers, and to pay him a pension
from and after the passage of this act.
Approved, July 7, 1870.
Ciiap. CCX1X.—An Act to carry into effect
the Decree of the District Court of the Uni-
ted States for the District of Louisiana in
the case of the British Schooner Flying
Scad and her Cargo.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ilovse of Rep-
resentatives of ike United Stales of America in
Congrei'S assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to pay to Bernardo
Cayman, a subject of Spain, or his legal rep-
resentatives, the sum of foity-two thousand
nine hundred and thirty-six dollars and sev-
enty-five cents, and to Jules Aldige, a subject
of France, or his legal representatives, the sum
of twelve thousand five hundred and twenty-
seven dollars and thirty-seven cents, with inter-
est in both cases from the date of a decree of
the district court of the United States for the
district of Louisiana, pronounced on the third
day of February, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine, by which these sums, due on account of
the illegal capture of their property by a cruiser
of the United States, were respectively awarded
to these claimants: Provided, however, That,
out of any money hereby appropriated for said
Bernardo Caymari, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall retain such sums as will satisfy any
judgments or other legal claims or demands
which the United States may have against said
Caymari.
Approved, July 7, 1870.
cnap. CCXX.—An Act to carry into effect
the Decreo of the District Court of the Uni-
ted States for the Southern District of New
York in the case of the British Steamer
Labuan.
Be il enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid, out
of any money in the Treasury not. otherwise
appropriated, to William Bailey, William Lee-
tham, and John Leetham, of England, or their
legal representatives, owners of the British
steamer Labuan, one hundred and thirty-one
thousand two hundred and twenty-one dollars
and thirty cents, with interest from June sec-
ond, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, to the
time of payment, and five thousand dollars
without interest; also, to Messrs. De Jersey
and Company, of England, or their legal rep-
resentatives, part owners of the cargo of the
same steamer, three thousand six hundred and
thirteen dollars and ninety-two cents, with
interest from May twenty-first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, to the time of payment;
and to Francisco Amendiaz, of Matamoras,
Mexico, or his legal representatives, part owner
of the cargo of the same steamer, two thousand
and sixty-seven dollars and seventeen cents,
with interest from June sixth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, to the time of payment;
such sums being due under a decree of the dis-
trict court of the U"nited States for the south-
ern district of New York, pronounced March
twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
on account of the illegal capture of the British
steamer Labuan and her cargo by a cruiser of
the United States.
Approved, July 7, 1870.
Chap. CCXXI.—An Act for the Relief of
Baron Creutz, of the Netherlands.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to issue to Edward Alexander B'erdi-
nand Baron Creutz, first lieutenant of artillery
of the Kortherlands, [Netherlands,] four new
registered six per centum United States bonds,
of one thousand dollars each, redeemable in
eighteen hundred and eighty-two, of the series
and numbers hereinafter specified, so soon as
proof shall be exhibited, to the satisfaction of
the Secretary, of the loss or destruction of
four bonds of the loan and value above men-
tioned, numbered one hundred and seven and
one hundred and tight, series four; foit.y-one
thousand eight hundred and forty-three, series
three; and ten thousand nine hundred and
forty-three, series four; and if Baron Creutz
shall vp bond with sufficient security to in-
demnify the United States against any other
claim or [on] account of the bonds alleged to
be lost or destroyed.
Approved, July 7,1870.
