1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3665
first, and when it is read I shall desire to be
heard.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the extract is read
I will cheerfully give way to the Senator
from Kentucky. Let the extract be read first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows, from the
New York Sun of the 18th instant: J
•'Never before were our citizens disgraced by so
corrupt and infamous an election.
"Repeating was the order of the day. Full scope
was afforded for this by the condition of the registry.
Everybody who had cnanged his residence since the
last election entered his name anew; but, as a gen-
eral rule, none of the old entries were erased. Then,
of course, a largo number of really new names were
now registered, including a considerable body of col-
ored men. This swelled theregistry to 184,417names,
and of course afforded ample opportunity for the
gangs of repeaters that shamelessly perambulated
the city from morning till night. ,
"Inoneof the wards about eleven hundred negroes i
were registered; but, lo! when the newly enfran- :
chised cameto the ballot-boxes, judge of theiramaze- j
ment upon learning that white repeaters had already 11
voted upon nearly flvcliundred of their names 1 And, j
as an exquisitely ridiculous commentary upon this
audacious proceeding, when a few negroes subse-
quently tried to vote upon their own names they i
were arrested as repeaters I
"The repeaters scarcely tried to avoid discovery. I
Young scoundrels, after voting upon one set of names ;
under certain disguises, would sally into the street, j
and within sight of the polling-places exchange and !
mix up their disguises, and then go back and vote
again under another set of names.
"The regular price for spurious votes in certain
localities was fifteen dollars each. After pocketing
the wages of iniquity men would openly boast that
tliey had made a good thing out of the swindle." ;
Mr. DAVIS. I will occupy the attention of j
the Senate but a few minutes; I am not well ;
enough to enter into any extended remarks on j >
this subject. I would here say, in passing, that j
the disorders referred to in the extract read by j
the Clerk at the instance of the honorable Sen- ji
ator from Ohio, in my judgment, have but one
remedy, and that is to do away with the secret ' j
ballot and to introduce the viva voce mode of
voting. We have no such frauds as are there
designated in the State of Kentucky, because
there the mode of viva voce voting has always
prevailed. It is an open, patent mode of vot-
ing, in which frauds of that description are
almost impossible; and I suppose myself that
it is the only mode of voting known or that has
ever been practiced that offers so perfect a
security against that sort of frauds on election
day.
Bat, Mr. President, I will proceed to make a
few remarks on the subject before us. I am
disposed to concede some facts and some events
that have been brought about by the war; and
never, so far as I am concerned, is it my purpose
to attempt to reverse them. The first is the
emancipation of all slaves and the utter and final
abolition of slavery. I believe that that was
irregularly effected, and was effected without
a proper sanction of authority and power; but
although an act of disorder, although the result
of force, an effort to reform and reverse it
would produce more mischief than a contin-
uance of the state of things which it has inau-
gurated.
I might make use of the same remark jn rela-
tion to the subject of negro voting. I believe
that that was a right conferred upon the black
man without any proper sanction of authority,
without any authority whatever that was valid
and that was entitled to act on the_ subject.
But I recognize the fact, the transaction, that
this Tight of suffrage has been given by the form
of law and of constitution to the colored race;
and therefore I am utterly indisposed myself
ever to endeavor to wrest or to regain the right
from the colored man.
Bat at the same time that I concede these
great acts and transactions resulting from a
state of affairs which amounted to revolution,
there are other matters that I do not concede
and that I never will concede, so far as I am
concerned. One of the most important Amer-
ican ideas, and to which more importance is
attached probably than any other, is the estab-
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 230.
lishment of a written Constitution, the princi-
ple of a fundamental law that shall give all
authority to the Government and divide its
powers and restrain the exercise of other pow-
ers. Iregardthatasoneof the most important
improvements of modern statesmanship that
the world has yet witnessed. ■
As an accompaniment to that principle is !
this auxiliary one, that constitutional law is the
law of the Government. It is as much the law
of the Government and of all the departments
and officers of the Government as the statutory
law is of the individual and the citizen. That
form and that obligation of constitutional law,
according to my principle and according to the
principles established by our fathers, as 1 under-
stand, embraces all times, all conditions, and
all situations, of war as of peace.
It was admitted yesterday by a most elo-
quent member of the Senate, the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Schurz,] that a revolution had
been consummated in the Government of the
United States, and he exhorted in eloquent
terms the opposition to that revolution to ac-
quiesce in its results. One of the results of
that revolution, as claimed by many of its
friends and supporters, is the abolition of all
constitutional law during times of violence and
civil war. I will never concede that principle.
I maintain the supremacy and the inviolability
of constitutional law and constitutional princi-
ples in all times and over all persons and all
powers.
Though I concede and am willing to acqui-
esce in the abolition of slavery, and even in
the investment of the late slave with the right
of suffrage, I will contest the principle of rev-
olution that strikes down constitutional law,'
that makes it subservient to military power in
times of domestic violence, even of civil war.
Now, Mr. President, I will advert to one or
two other important cardinal, essential prin-
ciples of free and constitutional government
which I will never sacrifice, and the destruc-
tion of which I will neyer give my consent to.
The Congress of the United States has claimed
and has triumphantly and frequently exercised
the power to propose amendments to the Con-
stitution by excluding eight, ten, and eleven
members of the Union from representation in
both Houses of Congress. That was revolu-
tion, in the language of the scholarly and able
Senator from Missouri. The Constitution pro-
vides for its own amendment. IUprescribes the
particular mode in which it may be amended;
and if that mode is honestly and faithfully
administered it is not revolution, but it is
simply the execution of a principle of the Gov-
ernment, of the Constitution itself, for the alter-
ation and amendment of the fundamental law.
But when a dominant majority in times of
civil war or of peace claim the power, and
exercise it, too, of excluding almost one third
of the States of the Union from representation
in both Houses of Congress, and then propose
amendments to the Constitution by propositions
passed by the remainder of the two Houses of
Congress, when the Constitution itself says
that such propositions shall not be passed
except by the vote of two thirds of both
Houses, 1 will insist to the extent of time, so
far as I am interested in time, that such a mode
of amending the Constitution is lawless, rev-
olutionary, destructive of our Constitution and
one of its most fundamental principles, and is
entitled to no obedience and no respect from
any quarter whatever.
Sir, when it is contended that the dominant
faction in Congress may of its own will, upon
the suggestion of its own ambition and its own
lust of power, take the Representatives and
Senators from ten or any number of States by
the throat and thrust them from the Halls of
Congress, and then claim a constitutional right
to amend the fundamental law so as to sub-
serve their own purposes of ambition, of acqui-
sition or retention of power, I say that is a
lawless aspect of revolution which deserves
the opposition and the sternest and most in-
flexible opposition of every enlightened Amer-
ican patriot.
There are certain other precedents that have
been established by this revolution the validity
of which I will always controvert. I utterly
deny that Congress, thus acting on propositions
to amend the Constitution, can revolutionize
the Government, can overthrow the constitu-
tions and governments of the States, and pre-
scribe to the people of all the States the quali-
fications of electors and candidates for offices,
not only as to Federal offices, but to the offices
of the State governments also. These arc-
precedents of violence, of force, of revolution
that are menacing in all their aspects and in
all their influences. For the country to accept
such precedents as permanent principles, and
such modes of amending and modifying and
revolutionizing the Government as constitu-
tional, would be infinitely more dangerous to
the perpetuation of our institutions and the lib-
erties of our people, in my judgment, than the
admission of the negro to his freedom and to
his right of suffrage and full eligibility to all
offices.
When that philosophicand eloquent Senator
exhorts me to acquiesce in such events, such
facts, such great enactments in fact as the
liberation of all the slaves and the utter and
final overthrow of slavery, and even the admis-
sion of the freedmen to the right of suffrage,
I am disposed to accede to it. But when he
asks me to concede these principles of revolu-
tion that strike at the very existence of con-
stitutional governmentand of organized liberty
and law, and to refrain from all further oppo-
sition to them, I tell him in candor and truth
that while I have an energy or a voice they
shall be uttered and exerted against the mon-
strosity of these precedents that this revolu-
tionary party have set in our country, and with
which they have overthrown, in my judgment,
legitimate constitutional government and law.
But, Mr. President, I will proceed with the
line of my argument. I know of no opposition
in the State of Kentucky to the enactment of
the fifteenth amendment, so far as it proposes
to confer the right of suffrage upon the negro.
The amendment had scarcely been proclaimed
by the President of the United States before
the colored people in Kentucky, without obsta-
cle or let, were in the full exercise in the mu-
nicipal elections of the right of suffrage. If
there has been any interference with them,
any obstruction to them in the exercise of that
right, any deliberate and settled purpose to
resist its exercise by them in that State, I am
a total stranger to the existence of such a feel-
ing or such a purpose. I want no futile and
fruitless resistance anywhere to the exercise
of that right by the freed negroes. I want it
conceded fully and peacefully, and without
introducing any disorder in society. I want
to give no provocation, noexcusefor the further
interposition of the Federal Government and
the Federal armies in the government and affairs
of the States. And this reflection brings me
to the conclusion, not only to acquiesce in but
to desire that this right shall be fully and peace-
fully guarantied to the freedman, and as far
as it is necessary that it be secured to him by
proper laws, so far as Congress may constitu-
tionally pass them.
Now, I will say a few words upon the pend-
ing measures and upon the fifteenth amend-
ment, under the force and effect of which I
understand them to be introduced. Indeed, I
know of no other authority that Congress has to
pass such a law, unless it be the fifteenth
amendment. That amendment declares—
" That the right of citizens of the United States to
vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United
States, or by any State, on account of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude."
That is the primary proposition of the amend-
ment; and then there is an auxiliary proposi-
tion, the effect of which is solely to aid in the
