764
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 11,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CCXXIL— An Act granting a Pension
to Eebecca Shoemaker.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Rebecca Shoe-
maker, widow of Absalom Shoemaker, late a
' private in company I, of the twenty-first regi-
ment of Ohio volunteers, upon the pension-
rolls of the United States, and to pay her a
' pension at the rate of eight dollars per month,
commencing from the seventh day of Jane,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Appeoyed, July 7, 1870.
Chap. CCXXIII.—An Act.granting a Pension
to William B. Looney, of Alabama.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United, States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of William B. Looney, of Ala-
bama, late a scout in the service of the United
States, and to pay him at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month from and after the passage of
this act.
Approved, July 7, 1870.
Ciiap. CCXXXI.—An Act to carry into effect
the Decree of the District Court of the Uni-
ted States for the Southern District of New
York in the case of the English Schooner
Sibyl and her Cargo.
Be U enacted by the Senate aiul House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury he, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to malce the proper pay-
ments to carry into effect the decree of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the southern
district of Now York, bearing date the sec-
ond day of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, in the case of the English schooner Sibyl
and her cargo, illegally seized by a cruiser of
the United States; such payments to be made
us follows, viz: to the several persons named
in such decree, or their legal representatives,
the sums therein awarded to them, respectively,
with interest from the date of the decree.
Approved, July 8, 1870.
Chap. CCXXXII.—An Act to carry into effect
the two several Decrecs of the District Court
of the United States for the District of Louisi-
ana in the cases of the British Vessels Yolant
and Science.
Be it enactedby the Senate and Hoiiseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to make the proper
payments to carry into effect the decree of the
district court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Louisiana, bearing date the fourth of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, in the
case of the British brig Volant and her cargo;
also another decree of the same court, bearing
date the eleventh of June, in the same year,
in the case of the British bark Science and
cargo, vessels illegally seized by a cruiser of
the United States : sueh payments to be made
as follows, viz: to the several persons named
in such decrees, or their legal representatives,
the several sums awarded to them, respectively,
with interest to each person from the date of
the decree under which he receives payment.
Appkoyeb, July 8, 1870.
Chap. CCXXXIIL-—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Enoch Lytle.
Beit enacted bythe Senateand HouseofRep-
resentatives of tiie United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Enoch Lytle, late a member
of Captain Done's company, afterward known
as company H, twelfth regiment Indiana vol-
unteers, and to pay him a pension from and
after the passage of this act.
Approved, July 8, 1870.
Chap. CCXXXIV. — An Act to carry into
effect the Decree of the District Court of
the United States for the District of Louis-
iana in the case of the British Brig Dashing
Wave and her Cargo.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of ' Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to make the proper
payments to carry into effect the decree of the
district court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Louisiana, bearing date the thirteenth
of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, in
the case of the British brig Dashing Wave and
her cargo, illegally seized by a cruiser of the
United States, which decree was made in pur-
suance of the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, pronounced at the De-
cember term, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
such payments to be made as follows, viz: to
the several persons named in such decree, or
their legal representatives, the sums therein
awarded to them, respectively, with interest
from the date of the decree.
Approved, July 8, 1870.
Chap. CCXLVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Heirs of William Eddy, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and directed to issue
to the heirs of William Eddy, formerly of ltoy-
alston, in the State of Massachusetts, now
deceased, a duplicate coupon boud of the
denomination of one thousand dollars, of the
fourth series under the act of twenty-fifth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred [and] sixty-two, num-
bered twenty-six thousand nine hundred and
seventy-one, bearing interest from November
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, in
place of a like coupon bond issued to the said
William Eddy on or about the eighteenth day
of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, and which bond, with [and] the coupons
attached, it is alleged, were consumed by fire
on the twenty-first day of March, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, while still the property
of said Eddy: Provided, That, before the issue
of sueh bond, the said heirs of William Eddy
execute a bond to the United States, in such
penalty and with such security as the Secretary
of the Treasury shall require, conditioned that
the obligors will indemnify and save harmless
the United States against any loss by reason
of the possible existence of the bond so alleged
to be destroyed.
Afproyed, July 11, 1870.
Ciiap. CCXLIX.—An Act to relieve the Estate
held by Louis M. Edge from Succession Tax
and Stamp Tax.
Whereas Louis M. Edge during his lifetime
held the legal title to certain church and school
properties in the States of Massachusetts and
New York, the equitable estate being in the
members of congregations worshiping there;
the said Louis M. Edge departed this life upon
the twenty-third day of February, eighteen
hundred and seventy, possessed of the legal
title to the properties of said congregations,
having first devised by his last will and testa-
ment, dated April eleventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, and duly probated at Philadel-
phia, March fourteenth, eighteen hundred and
seventy, all the property standing in his name
to one Patrick Stanton, of Pennsylvania; and
whereas the State of Massachusetts, in the
month of March, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty, and the State of New York in the month
of April, eighteen hundred and seventy, have
incorporated the pastors and members of the
congregations of the churches, the title to which
wereheld by the said Louis M. Edge, as bodies-
politic to have and to hold said properties;
and whereas Patrick Stanton has, by deed
dated the twenty-third day of April, eighteen
hundred and seventy, conveyed for the consid-
eration of one dollar all the property held by
the said Louis M. Edge during his lifetime in
the State of Massachusetts to the "Augustinian
Society" of Lawrence, chartered as aforesaid
by the Legislature of said State, and intends
forthwith to convey the property held by the
said Louis M. Edge during his lifetime in the
State of New York for a like consideration of
one dollar to the ''Augustinian Society of New
York:" Therefore,
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the property held by
Louis M. Edge during his lifetime, and con-
veyed or intended to be forthwith conveyed by
his devisee, Patrick Stanton, to the "August-
inian Society of Lawrence," and the ''August-
inian Society of New York," be, and the
same is hereby, exempted from the operation
of so much of the internal revenue law, ap-
proved July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, and its amendments, as subjects said prop-
erty held by Louis M. Edge to legacy or suc-
cession tax, or stamp tax upon the deeds of
the said Patrick Stanton to the Augustinian
Society of Lawrence and the Augustinian
Society of New York.
ArrROYED, .Tnly 11, 1870.
Ciiap. CCL.—An Act for the Relief of Lot
S. Bayless, administrator of Lieutenant
Marcus W. Bayless, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Government be, and they
are hereby, authorized and directed to pay
Lot'S. Bayless, administrator of Marcus W.
Bayless, deceased, late first lieutenant and
quartermaster of the forty-fourth regiment
Indiana volunteers, at the rate of the regular
pay of officers of that rank in the Army, from
the fifteenth day of January, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, to the twenty-second day
of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
inclusive.
Approved, July 11, 1870.
Ciiap. CCLXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of
Mrs. Margaret A. Laurie.
Beit enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America, in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury pay to Mrs. Margaret. A. Laurie, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of two thousand dollars,
for rent for her house and premises, in the
District of Columbia, used by thy United
States authorities for medical and hospital
purposes, from June thirty, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, to June thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, and in full for ail demands
