466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
do, very promptly gave notice that he would
object, which, of coarse, he has a right to do,
and to which I made the reply I did, that I
did not suppose there was any member of the
Senate who desired to postpone action by any
single objection; and at that he seems to have
taken umbrage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not in the least. At
that I only took the floor, instead of umbrage.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the question
of the adoption of his amendment to Senate
joint resolution No. 85 the Senator from Mis-
souri demands the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. I have a single remark to
make before the question is taken on the amend-
ment, which I may as well make while the
Senate is not full as when it is. I wish to
state that this amendment, copied from the
bill for the readmission of Arkansas, was an
amendment agreed to in a committee of con-
ference of the two Houses on that bill. The
Senate by a very large majority imposed a fun-
damental condition upon the admission of that
State, the House imposed another, and there
was a necessity for a conference between the
two Houses. This provision of the Arkansas
bill was the result of that conference, and, as
was stated by the Senator from Massachusetts,
a similar condition was imposed upon the ad-
mission of other southern States. I do not
see any objection to its application to all of
those States, and I hope it will be found to be
the sense of the Senate that.it is wise and judi-
cious to impose it in the case of Virginia just
as much as in the case of the States already
admitted. If there can be shown any reason
v/liy Virginia should be exempted from this
condition I am willing to hear the reasons
and to give them as good consideration as I
can; but it does seem to me that when we
began with the very first admission under the
reconstruction acts with the imposition of such
conditions, and followed it up in all the acts
of that description which have been heretofore
passed, it would not be wise now, as to the
remainder of those States, to pretermit it.
Mr. CONKLING-. Mr. President, I should
like to make a suggestion in order that I may
apprehend, if lean, before the vote is taken, the
effect and extent of this amendment. In the
case of Arkansas the provision came to be ulti-
mately, in substance if not in terms, as the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri was
before the suggestion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. Now he proposes to insert in it the
words " or hold officeso that, ifl understand
it aright, the effect is to be to prohibit the people
of Virginia from adopting any constitutional
provision the effect of which shall be to prevent
any person or class of persons who may now
hold olfice from so doing afterward. If I am
right iu that, I submit to the Senate that these
things among others would result: it could
never be required that any citizen should pos-
sess any qualifications for a particular office.
It could not be required that judges should be
lawyers, nor that chaplains should be clergy-
men, nor that persons to be installed in any
particular office should possess any particular
qualifications. Isnotthatso? laskthe hon-
orable Senator from Missouri whether that
would not be so? As this is his amendment
he doubtless has paused and pondered upon
its effect.
If that be so, and if it be true that these
words "or hold office" were omitted in the
case of Arkansas, not by accident but on pur-
pose, for such reasons as I am assigning, then
I hope that without some reflection we shall
not carry those words into the proviso. I take
it the Senator from Massachusetts in making
this suggestion docs not wish to prevent the
imposition or establishment of qualifications
for* office. He does not mean, for example,
(hat the people of Virginia should not be per-
mitted to say that a man must be able to read
and write in order to hold office, or that he must
be responsible in point of property in order to
hold certain offices, or that he should have cer-
tain qualifications ; and yet every such provis-
ion would have the effect to prevent either some
person or some class of persons from holding
office who otherwise might hold the same office.
If I am wrong in these suggestions I beg to be
set right, because by an inadvertence of this sort
we should not, I submit, do a thing which would
stand so little to reason as that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 22; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Boreman, Brownlow,
Brake, Edmunds, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rob-
ertson, Thayer, Wilson, and Yates—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Carpenter, Casserly, Cole,
Conkling, Ferry, Fowler, Hamilton, Norton, Nye.
Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Seott, Stewart, Stockton,
Tipton, Trumbull, Victors, Warner. Willey, and
Williams—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Cam-
eron, Cattell, Chandlor, Corbett, Oragin, Davis, Ben-
ton, Gilbert, Harris, Kellogg, MeCreery, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey,
Rico, Schurz, Sherman, Spenccr, Sprague, Sumner,
and Thurman—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DRAKE. I offer the amendment now
without the words " or hold office," just in the
original form in which I offered it before I
consented to the modification proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment as now offered by
the Senator from Missouri.
The Chief Clekk. The proposed amend-
ment is as follows:
Provided, further, That tho State of Virginia is
entitled to representation in Congress as one of tho
States of tho Union upon the following fundamental
condition: that the constitution of Virginia shall
never be so amended or changed its to deprive any
citizen or class of citizens of the United States of
the right to votewhoarc entitled to vote by the con-
stitution herein recognized, except as a punishment
for such crimes as are now felonies at common law,
whereof they shall havo been duly convicted under
laws equally applicable to all the inhabitants of
said State: Provided, That any alteration of said
constitution prospective in its effects may bo made in
regard to tho time and place of residence of voters.
Mr. STEWART. I hope that will not be
adopted. If there ever was any reason for either
of the provisions contained in this amendment
I think it is disposed of now in a conclusive
manner. We have the constitutional amend-
ment secure. It looks so if Nebraskacomes
up pretty soon. It looks as though we could
close the breach and have the constitutional
amendment secure. There is something tan-
gible and within sight. ThisState has adopted
it, and that act cannot be taken back.
Wifh regard to civil rights, they are better
provided for, more certainly provided for in
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution,
which says that no State shall deny to any
person the equal protection of the laws. If
it is necessary to legislate on any of the ques-
tions contemplated in the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri it can be done for all
the States under the power conferred by the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution.
There, is then, no necessity forcumberingthis
bill and exercising a doubtful authority when
wo have been laboring to put these provisions
in the Constitution of the United States and
are j list about successfully to achieve that work.
These conditions of admission certainly can-
not add anything to the Constitution. They will
not give you any additional power; I am very
confident of that; and they all imply admissions
that you have not this power unless you exer-
cise it in tins way. 1 hey weaken the proper con-
struction of the Constitution ; it seems to me we
are losingground without,gaining any advantage
whatever. If Virginia revolutionizes her govern-
ment after she is admitted 1 do not think there
is any doubt that tiiere is a remedy. We are
bound by the Constitution to see that she has a
republican form of government. W e are bound
by the Constitution to see that she does not deny
to every person the equal protection of the
laws. To that we are already bound by f'.ie
fourteenth amendment. We shall be bound by
the fifteenth amendment to see that there i.-j
no denial of the right to vote on account of
color. These things are unconstitutional, and i f
Virginia attempts to revolutionize the govern-
ment and trample upon the principle of recon-
struction, and- deny equal rights which she is
bound to grant by the Constitution and by the
terms of her admission that were universally
known, I think there will be aremedy for if, sure
be, and certain. But as to what that remedy will
how the thing shallbe done, I prefer to wait until
the emergency has arisen before deciding. I
would not say now that she shall not do this
thing or that thing, when there are a thousand
other things equally bad or a great deal worse
which she might do which would be entirely
revolutionary and in violation of the same pro-
visions of the Constitution.
All the power we shall have to deal with
Virginia after she comes in will be under the
Constitution, not under these conditions-sub-
sequent. They will add nothing to your Con-
stitution. It seems to me it weakens the author-
ity of the Government to be attempting to patch
up the Constitution of the United States, or to
add to it by these conditions-subsequent. I
think we are placing ourselves in a false posi-
tion. If the fifteenth amendment becomes a
part of the Constitution, as it is certain to be,
has not Congress aright to see that there is equal
suffrage in Virginia? Is it not perfectly within
the power of Congress to see that Virginia
passes no law that denies to any person the
equal protection of the laws? Is it not incum-
bent upon Congress to do that? And if we
intend to admit Virginia, why this idle legisla-
tion, to say the least of it, which can effect rx>
good? It seems to me that " sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof;" and when the evi!
day comes, when the people of Virginia prove
by any revolutionary movement or any retro-
grade movement that they did not act in good
faith, when they commence to trample upon
the provisions of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States or the constitution of the State which
they have formed in such a manner as to show
to the world that they are not satisfied with
the settlement that has been made, but desire
to reopen this revolution, then will be the time
for us to act; and I want it distinctly under-
stood that if Virginia ever does reopen the
revolution by any overt act, or any law or reso-
lution in violation of the Constitution of the
United States and the principles that are set-
tled, I for one, if I have my place here, will
be foremost in my humble way in seeking a
remedy to put things right; but I do not think
it right to sit here and do idle things that will
avail nothing.
Let Virginia come in. She has done all that
wc required; she has complied with all the
conditions that we prescribed; she has ratified
the fifteenth amendment. We have the honor
of the State pledged to equal rights, to a lib-
eral government, to justice, to humanity. Let
her break the pledge if she can consent to de-
grade herself to that extent. Then the whole
nation will say to us, treat this treachery as it
deserves. See how the nation cried out against
the treachcry of Georgia. Did not Congress
find a remedy for that? And let not Georgia
flatter herself that she can avoid a remedy for
evils that she is attempting to perpetrate upon
the loyal people. We will make Georgia re-
spect the power of this Government. But I
do not believe in distrusting a people who say
they are willing to do right and who prove it
by their acts. I want to wait until there is a
wrong and then apply the proper remedy. 1 do
not believe in the doctrine that the clown ap-
plied to the woodchuek. I do not believe m
applying that doctrine at this time, at any rate,
and I think it was well illustrated by that .story
of my colleague. I believe that story will
become historic.
