1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
Mr. THAYER. It has been.
Mr. STEWART. It has been historic?
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. Well, it has become im-
mortal now.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President 
Mr. THAYER. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri allow me to make a remark ?
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER. I will say, for the inform-
ation of the Senator from Nevada, that the
Legislature of Nebraska will meet before the
end of February and will ratify the fifteenth
amendment; but that furnishes no reason for
crowding in Virginia without the necessary guar-
antees lor future peace.
Mr. STEWART. I am very glad that the
Senator has made that statement upon this
floor. I had heard that that would be the case.
, but it is important that the country should know
it. There are other States to act, and the moral
effect of Nebraska's action when we have so
nearly reached the end is very great at this
time, and I am glad the Senator is able to make
that positive assurance.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, there is one
thing connected with this whole discussion that
takes mo more by surprise than anything that
has happened in this body since I have been a
member of it, and that is that Senators who
eighteen months ago insisted upon and voted
for a condition of this kind to the admission of
Arkansas now turn aroand and not only speak
of the doubtful efficacy of such conditions, but
begin to stigmatize them"as idle legislation. I
wish that I could see the reason of this thing.
I wish that gentlemen on this floor would avow
why it is that they have changed front upon a
question of this kind. I wish that they would
inform the Senate and the country why it is
that they will apply one rule to five or six of
those rebel States and then will refuse to apply
it to others. Sir, I camc into this work of re-
construction after it was begun, and I never
have taken a step in it yet that I did not take
from convictions of public necessity, and I
never have given a vote here yet in reference
to it which I would be willing now or hereafter
to stigmatize as idle legislation. And, sir, the
country will make the same inquiry on this
subject that I am making here to-night. The
country will wish to know why it is that Sen-
ators abandon their previous position and now
take position with their political opponents on
the floor of this Chamber.
Sir, it matters not if the fifteenth amendment
is to be adopted ; we are acting now before
it is adopted. We do not know that it will be
adopted ; we may believe it and yet we maybe
disappointed. We ought to legislate in view
of the circumstances in which we are placed
at this moment, and not suffer our action to be
swayed by possible events in the future of
the occurrence of which we have at this time
no sufficient guarantee. We are bound to ad-
here to the principles which we have heretofore
stood by in reference to the race that has come
from slavery to freedom in those southern
States; and even though it be that the Con-
stitution of the United States is soon to be
amended so as to extend its protection over
them, that does not relieve us from the neces-
sity in acts of Congress passed before that event
takes place of extending to thom all the pro-
tection that we have extended to others of their
race in other States. Sir, I am under an obli-
gation of faith to that race that helped the
white race to fight the battles of this country
for its salvation ; and that obligation, so belp
me God, I never will cast off, nor will I ever
for a moment hesitate to recognize it. Why,
Kir, should we in six or seven of those States
protect that race and in the remainder fail to
protect it?
Mr. President, I do not expect any expla-
nation on the floor of the Senate of this change
of front on the part of my Republican con-
freres. If there had been an explanation to
be given, it would have been given probably
before now ; but it stands to this moment un-
explained that gentlemen who heretofore stood
shoulder to shoulder with firmness and resolu-
tion in favor of just such a provision as that
now pending at this time begin to talk abPut it
as of doubtful efficiency and even as idle legis-
lation. Sir, I will not take any such position.
I will stand up to the principles and to the
measures that I have heretofore stood up to
though I shall record my vote solitary and alone
for them.
Mr. WARNER. After the Senate has voted
down the proposition that Virginia shall never
debar her colored citizens from the right to
vote and hold office we certainly cannot adopt
a narrower proposition; because, if it maens
anything, the implication would be very clear
that Virginia might debar her colored people
from the right of holding office. I labored
very earnestly on the floor of the Senate to have
the words "and hold office" included in the
fifteenth amendment, and I still regret that it
was not done. The Senator from Missouri
now speaks about going backward upon this
question. Has not Virginia not only complied
with every condition that this Congress imposed
upon her, but has she not gone beyond it and
adopted the fifteenth amendment, which Con-
gress did not prescribe as a condition-precedent
to her admission ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, yes ; that is in the
bill.
Mr. WARNER. Am I mistaken in that?
Mr. THAYER. We required the ratification
of the fifteenth amendment in the bill with
regard to Virginia.
Mr. WARNER. Then I am mistaken ; I
thought it was not required. At any rate, she
has adopted all the requirements that were
made of her. I have voted against these con-
ditions, not because I want to be behind any-
body in the defense of all the people of our
States, but because I believe they are not, to be
benefited by them; and the surest way to bring
upon them calamities is by putting onerous and
what maybe considered oppressive conditions
on these States. I believe the best thing for
the colored people of Virginia to-day is to take
the State of Virginia at her word. I do not
fear any disposition to revoke the ratification
of the fifteenth amendment. I believe it has
been ratified by the public sentiment of Vir-
ginia. I know that in my own State no party
could live an hour that would attempt to over-
turn the matter of universal suffrage. I tell
you, Mr. President, that the ballot cannot be
taken away from the colored people of the
South without violence. They have tasted not
only of the sweets of liberty, but they have
tasted of the sweets of political rights, and they
cannot be deprived of them except by revolu-
tion. The time has passed when the ballot
can be taken from the colored men of the South.
There is a party, perhaps, who might be dis-
posed to do it if they could see the way to do
it successfully, but they see plainly the hand-
writing upon the wall, and that that is one of
the questions which have been settled in this
country and are not again to be renewed.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I desire
to ask of those Senators who are in favor of
these amendments a few questions for informa-
tion. In so important a legislation as this we
ought to understand thoroughly the ground
we are treading upon, and I doubt not those
Senators who tenaciously adhere to these prop-
ositions of amendment to this resolution do
understand the ground; but, as I do not, I
would like a little information upon one or
two points.
In the first place, what is the meaning of
this phraseology: Virginia shall be admitted
into the Union upon the fundamental condi-
tion that so and so shall not be done? Now
suppose that fundamental condition be vio-
lated, what is the result, what is the status of
the State of Virginia?
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me here to give the answer ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Most decidedly.
Mr. DRAKE. I answer it in the words of
the Senator from Nevada, "Sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof."
Mr. CARPENTER. Well, Mr. President, I
think we have approached that precise period.
I think this is just exactly the evil that is now
being considered. The day has come. I think
this amendment is an evil proposition, a dan-
gerous proposition, and this is precisely the
time to consider it.
Ordinarily, if a man enjoys certain privileges
upon a fundamental condition, when that con-
dition be broken he ceases to enjoy those priv-
ileges. Well, the Senate would not listen for
a moment to this thing expressed in words;
when the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Vermont made this idea clear in lan-
guage the Senate would not endure it, and re-
jected the amendment, or adopted rather the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
West Virginia. But to come back, it is pro-
posed that Virginia shall be admitted into the
Union upon a fundamental condition. If that
condition is violated what becomes of Vir-
ginia? What becomes of the act of admission?
What is her status after that time? Is she in
the Union or is she out? That is a matter, it
seems to me, of very great importance, which
ought to be well settled in the mind of the Sen-
ate before we adopt any such language.
Mr. DRAKE. If the honorable Senator will
allow me I will give him another answer just
there, as he is seeking for information. The
answer is this : that I wish to lay the founda-
tion for subsequent action of Congress in the
event that that State does violate this condi-
tion. If we admit her without any such con-
dition, she can say that none such was imposed
upon her. If we admit her with that condition
and she violates it, there is the foundation
for action on the part of Congress to hold her
to the condition.
Mr. CARPENTER. Now, as you are on
the subject of imparting wisdom, let me know
what, in that contingency, is to be the action
of Congress?
Mr. DRAKE. I beg leave to say to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin that I did not undertake
to impart wisdom.
Mr. CARPENTER. You ought to; it is
what I want.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin asked for information.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. I undertake here as one to
give it. I do not undertake to impart wisdom
to the Senator from Wisconsin
Mr. CARPENTER. That is a grave fault
in the Senator from Missouri, who is perfectly
capable of imparting wisdom; and here I am
at his feet imploring for it and he refuses to
impart it. [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. This is the first time in his
remarks this evening that I have known that
the honorable Senator asked for wisdom from
anybody.
Mr. CARPENTER. Why certainly, from
all men.
Mr. DRAKE. I thought that he was asking
for information only. I presumed that the hon-
orable Senator was so fully satisfied with ihe
amount of wisdom that he possessed already
that he would not ask any of anybody else.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CARPENTER. That is only one of
many mistakes that I think the Senator from
Missouri has fallen into in this discussion. I
am anxious for information and for wisdom of
all men, and especially from the Senator from
Missouri. [Laughter.] But I must confess
that up to the present time of speaking I have
not acquired very much from him. [Laugh-
ter.] 1 have not yet learned what is to be the
consequence if Virginia violates this condition.
Mr. DRAKE. Perhaps the reason why the
Senator has not acquired it is because he has
not exactly the facility of^acquiring it. [Laugh-
ter.]
