1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5555
STATE OS' GEORGIA.
Mr. HOWARD. I wisli to make a report
from a committee of conference. The bill to
admit Georgia to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States was passed by the
House of Representatives, and then by the Sen-
ate, with an amendment, and then the House
of Representatives agreed to our amendment
with an amendment substituting other matter
for it, from which the Senate dissented. The
Senate asked a committee of conference, and
the House granted it, and that committee,
after several very laborious and anxious ses-
sions, in which they discussed that question as
fully and as amply as they were able to do,
found themselves unable to agree, and they so
report to the two Houses. 1 send the report
to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to rep-
resentation in the Congress of the United States
having met, after full and free conference, have been
unable to agreo.
J. M. HOWARD.
A. G THURMAN.
HANNIBAL HAMLIN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
BENJ. E. BTITLER,
J. F. JFARNSWORTI-I,
IIALBERT E. PAINE.
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I venture
to move that the Senate concur in the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That puts an end to the
question?
Mr. HOWxlRD. That puts an end to the
question.
Mr. DRAKE. Let us have a vote on that.
Mr. HOWARD. Permit me to say that I
think we ought to settle this question at this
session of Congress ; that we ought not to go
home and leave the business of reconstruction
thus unfinished. Let us try to do something,
and take a vote on this motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to hear the House
bill read once.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to ask a ques-
tion. Does one objection carry this over ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does
not. The bill is before the Senate, and the
amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
House of Representatives, which was to strike
out all of the Senate amendment after the first
word, "that," and insert:
The State of Georgia having complied with the
reconstruction acts, and the fourteenth and fifteenth
articles of amendments to the Constitution of the
United States having been ratified in good faith by
alegal Legislature of said State, it is hereby declared
that the State of Georgia is entitled to representa-
tion in the Congress of the United States. But noth-
ing in this actcontained shall be construed to deprive
the people of Georgia of the right to an election for
members of the General Assembly of said State as
provided for in the constitution thereof.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That so much of
the act entitled "An act making appropriations f<|r
the support of the Army for the year ending June
30,1868, and for other purposes," approved March 2,
1S67, ae prohibits the organization, arming, or calling
into service of tho militia forces in the States of
Georgia, Mississippi, Texas, and Virginia, bo, and
the same is hereby, repealed*.
And to strike out the preamble to the Senate
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. The proper motion would
be that the Senate recede from its disagree-
ment to the amendment of tho.House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That would
be the proper form of the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To agree to this propo-
sition of the.House of Representatives would
be for the Senate to back down from all the
votes it has given, and to leave the people of
the State of Georgia to a condition of things
which, I think, would be deplored by every
member of the Senate.
I regret exceedingly that the committee of
conference were unable to agree upon some-
thing that could have reconciled the feeling of
.the two Houses and- enabled the bill to pass
without controversy; and I am inclined to think,
from what I have heard this morning from the
other House, that if the committee of confer-
ence had been called together again they pos-
sibly might have agreed. I was a little sorry
that the Senator from Michigan, instead of pre-
senting his report at this moment, did not call
the committee together again with that view.
I think it possible they might have agreed, from
an intimation I have had this morning.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will allow me
to say that one member of the committee of
conference from this body is not in town ; he
has left for his home.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware of that;
but still a majority of the committee are here.
If the two remaining members of the Senate
committee concur, as very likely they would,
upon anything that should be agreed upon all
round, they would constitute a majority, and
it would avoid all difficulty on that score. I
would prefer rather than to go on and make a
statemeut about this matter now, which I shall
otherwise do, and also move some amendments,
that the Senator from Michigan who has the
matter in charge should ask for another com-
mittee of conference, or withdraw this report
temporarily and call his committee together
again ; for I think, from an intimation which
has been given me this morning, that they
might be able to agree. If so, that would save
us a great deal of time. I suggest to hi m either
to withdraw the report or to move the appoint-
ment of another conference committee. I
make that suggestion, and I think it has been
made heretofore to the Senator from Michigan;
so that he knows whether there is any prob-
ability of the committee agreeing or not. If
there is, it would be very desirable.
Mr. HOWARD. It is entirely immaterial
to me what course is taken; and if there be a
prospect, however remote, of the committee
of conference being able to agree upon a re-
port, I am certainly as anxious as the honor-
able Senator from Illinois to reach that result.
Since this suggestion has been made by the
Senator from Illinois, I am entirely willing to
try it again, and by the common consent of
the Senate, if it will permit me to do so, I
will withdraw the report and will assemble the
committee of conference again. I will make
another attempt in that direction.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the best way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan asks the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to withdraw the report. Is
there objection ? The Chair hears none, and
tho report is withdrawn.
DISABILITIES OF GEORGE II. BIER.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of Mrs. Lincoln's
pension bill.
Mr. THAYER. The morning business is
not yet concluded.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Unani-
mous consent was given to proceed with the
morning business.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities have
directed me to report a bill (S. No. 1067) to
remove all legal and political disabilities from
George H. Bier, of Maryland. The bill is very
short, and only proposes to remove the politi-
cal disabilities of one man. He is indorsed
by leading Republicans of Maryland and by
the two Senators from Pennsylvania; and I
ask that the bill be put upon its passage.
Mr. HAMILTON, ofMaryland. 1 hope that
will be done.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read three
times ; and it was passed by a two-thirds vote.
It IMPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I give notice that I shall
object to action on any bills until Mrs. Lincoln's
pensionis disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator can object when the Chair calls for objec-
tions.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from tne Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 52) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to refund penalty, interest,
and costs illegally assessed and collected under
direct tax laws, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the jointresolution (S. R. No. 30)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
audit and settle the accounts of William Y.
Patch, late collector of internal revenue for the
first collection district of California, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
150) declaratory of the meaning of the word
" saltpeter" as used in section seven, act of
March 3, 1863, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish also to make two
reports from the Committee on Private Land
Claims. They are two small bills, and I am
desirous to have them passed now. That com-
mittee has not had any time in the Senate for
the consideration of its business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Oregon asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider a bill at this time.
Mr. SUMNER. I must object until there
is action on Mrs. Lincoln's bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then I will not make the
reports now.
MRS. ANNIE A. IIAVS.
Mr. POMEROY. I rise to a question which
at this stage of the session has a sort of privi-
lege. I submitted a motion, a day or two
since, to reconsider the vote on the passage of
the bill (H. R. No. 1052) to increase the pen-
sion of Mrs. Annie A. Hays, widow of Brig-
adier General Alexander Hays, who was killed
in the battle of the Wilderness, May 5, 1864.
I made the motion at the request of the chair-
man of the Committee on Pensions, [Mr.
Edmuxds,] who was unable to be here at the
time. I desire to withdraw that motion in the
presence of the Committee on Pensions. I do
not think I ought to hold the bill on that mo-
tion to reconsider ; but I will not withdraw it
without notifying the Committee on Pensions
who are present. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scott] desires me to withdraw the
motion ; but as it is too late now for anybody
else to renew it, if the Committee on Pensions
make no objection I shall withdraw it.
Mr. HOWELL. I wish to make a state-
ment before it is withdrawn. The bill which
the Senator from Pennsylvania presented is
one of those cases where widows, prior to
1868, were granted by special act of Congress
pensions at the rate of fifty dollars per month.
By an act passed in 1868 the special pensions
were put on the same platform as the pensions
under the general act. Under that law the
Commissioner of Pensions decided that these
pensions of fifty dollars per month, granted to
those widows by special acts, should be scaled
down to thirty dollars per month instead of
fifty dollars per month. This is one of those
cases. There are a dozen or fifteen of them
altogether. If the Senate decide in this case
to raise the pension again by special act to
fifty dollars per month, I submit in all justice
and propriety they ought to include all thosfi
widows who by special act received a pension
at the rate of fifty dollars per month. I have
assured a number of those widows, who have
spoken to me on the subject, that if the Sen-
ate decided on any case brought before it to
raise the pension I should submit a proposi-
tion that they all be raised ; and that is just
and proper.
Now, if it be the sense and sentiment of the
Senate to raise this pension to fifty dollars per
