2724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
out declaring that nothing could induce me to
-violate in any particular any of its provisions.
Nothing connected with policy, no matter how
much the interests of this country might re-
quire it, certainly nothingconnected with party,
could make mo do it. Our safety is in a strict
adherence to the Constitution. But, sir, there
is one thing which might compel a disregard
of the Constitution of the United States ; there
is one law that is higher, if it be possible, and
that is the law of self-preservation. If an
emergency should require that the Constitution
be temporarily set aside in order to preserve
the life of the nation and the life of the Con-
stitution itself, I might be induced to consent;
but, sir, for nothing else.
If there is anything in the reconstruction
policy of Congress that is not completely in
accord with the Constitution it is justified upon
the allegation that the life of the nation requires
that these measures should be adopted; that its
security for the future against the repetition of
scenes that have just passed requires it. But,
sir, if this policy of yours—I will say of mine,
not throwing it upon others exclusively, for I
have advocated it because I believed it neces-
sary, because 1 believed it right—I say if the
carrying out and the perpetuation of this policy
requires any of the means that I have indicated,
winch are plainly constitutional, which are, 1
think, plainly shown to be imposed as a duty
undiu' the Constitution, it seems to me the
ground is too high for the slightest degree of
hesitation on the part of the Senate.
And now, Mr. President, while there are
doubts as to whether this disputed feature in
the constitution of Georgia is or is not anti-
republican, while there may be constitutional
doubts as to whether we have the right to pass
the Bingham amendment while there may be
constitutional doubts as to whether we can
impose these fundamental conditions, and in
ray judgment they are at best but an act of
Congress which maybe repealed hereafter and
would be should another party get charge of
tiie Government—while we may be in doubt as
to our constitutional right upon these points—
there is one tiling in regard to which I have no
doubt. There is one way out of all this trouble.
It, is to say to the State of Georgia, " Youhave
an anti-republican feature in your constitution ;
we will not take you into this Union while it is
there ; we will open the door for your taking it
out; go to work and take it out, and then come
back.':
And, sir, if the peace and safety of this na-
tion require that you shall say anything else
to Georgia ; that von shall send her a word upon
the subject of colored office-holding, notwith-
standing your refusal to put it into the fifteenth
amendment; that you shall send her a word
about having a feature in her constitution that
contravenes the Constitution of the Uuited
States, which I concede might bo settled by the
courts; there is no sort of doubt about our con-
stitutional right to send her such words. That
we can all vote for, being clearly upon the
platform of the Constitution itself. Anything
else that has up to this time been proposed has
to my mind constitutional difficulties, and 1
cannot take a doubtful and devious way when
I see a plain and straight way before me, un-
less there be much stronger reasons for it than
any I have been able to gather from this
debate.
Mr. President, I have detained the Senate
much longer than I intended to do. 1 have
spoken, peihaps, alittle incoherently. My pur-
pose has been to speak in a plain, common-
sense view in regard to this matter. I had no
set speech to make, and have scarcely been
assisted in any portion of it by notes; but I
have notspoken to the Senatewithoutthought.
These are my deliberate convictions; and if it
were not so late I should be glad to say some-
thing to the Senate upon many other points
connected with this matter, and entirely ger-
mane, about which I have thought with much
care. But, sir, I conceive that I have said
enough.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not rise at this
moment with a view of debating this matter,
although it was my purpose to speak;' and
perhaps I may yet at the close of this debate
say something upon it; but my purpose at this
time is to see whether the Senate will agree to
take a recess until half past seven, and then
come here and finish the bill. I move that
the Senate now take a recess until half past
seven o'clock this evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
lan.) Senators, you have heard the motion.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President 
Mr. DRAKE. I inquire whether that is a
motion which can be put in this way against a
single objection?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
recognized the Senator from Nebraska, [Mr.
Thayef..]
Mr. THAYER. I yield to the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the Chair whether a
motion for a recess is in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will observe that according to the old usages of
the Senate it required unanimous conselit, and
according to the more recent rulings of the
regular occupant of the chair such motions
have been entertained.
Mr. DRAKE. Will a motion fo adjourn
take precedence of that motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE, I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
state that, the Senator from Maine [Mr. Ham-
i,is] on the main question is paired with the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mortox,] but if
he were here he would vote against adjourn-
ment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 28; as follows:
YJ3AS—Messrs. Abbott,Eoroman, Urownlow, Cam-
eron, Casscrly, Davis,Drake, Flanagan,Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harris, IlowclF, Me-
Creery, McDonald, Pool, Kums-ey, Revels, Iliee,Scott,
Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, Thurman, Tip-
ton, Warner, Willey, anil Yte-2X.
NAYS—Messre. Ames, Buckingham, Carpenter,
Chandler. Cole, Cm-belt. Cragin. lidmunds, Kenton,
Perry, Hamlin, Harlan, ttoward, Howe, Kellogg,
Morrill of Vermont. Nye, C-iborn, I'a.tte.rson, Vome-
l-oy. Ross, Sawyer, Sr-hurz, Sin-ague, Stewart, Trum-
bull. Williams, and Wilson—
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cattell,
Conklins, Fowler, (lilbort, Johnston, L'jwi*-, Moirill
of Maine, Morton,Norton, Pratt, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, and Vickers—-lli.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
Senate take a recess till half past seven
o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion is in order,
I believe.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; it has been decided not, to be in order.
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest now to the Sen-
ate that at four o'clock on Monday we agree
to begin voting, with this understanding, how-
ever, that it any amendments are offered
which have not been printed, or which shall
not have been printed and laid on our tables
by Monday morning, any member may speak
for five minutes upon such an amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. Such new amendment?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes; new amendments.
I do not think it is right to take a vote upon
an amendment that may be oft'ored and merely
read from the desk, and nobody have an oppor-
tunity to know anything about it except from
the reading by the Secretary, without one word
of explanation of the amendment or one word
said against it. But with the understanding
that upoirall amendments that may be brought
in on Monday, and which shall not have been
printed and laid on our desks', there -may be
debate of five minutes on the part of any
member who wishes to speak, I propose that
we begin voting on Monday at four o'clock,
and continue to vote until we dispose of this
bill. ' ;
Mr. TRUMBULL. As far as I am con-
cerned I am willing to accept the proposition,
if the Senate will agree to it, of the Senator
from Ohio and consent that the Senate may
adjourn over until Monday, and that we com-
mence voting at four o'clock on Monday. I
wish, however, to say that having'had charge
of the bill and abstained from' taking'any part
in the discussion after presenting it, I should
like an opportunity to close the debate if I
think proper to do so.
Mr. THURMAN. Undoubtedly that is the
right of the chairman who reported the bill. 1
Mr. TRUMBULL. With that understand-
ing I agree to the proposition 'if :the" whole
Senate agrges to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, if not object-
ed to that; will be considered as agreed to.
$Iif. DRAKE. What is the proposition ?
Mr: THURMAN. I will state' it $gain for
the benefit of toy friend. It is'that we begin
voting at four o'clock' on Monday, and tha't
upon all amendments which may be offered on
Monday which shall not have been laid on our
tables and printed, any member may speak five
minutes and no more, and that when we begin
to vote then we shall go on'untilwe get through,
with thjit understanding of a five-minutes debate
on new amendments.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, it is known
to the Senate, and has been'a matter of remark
here by Senators in their speeches, that I have
had for some time past printed and lying on the
desks of Senators^an amendment to this bill.
I believe it is the peace-branch that is to be
held over that southern country if it is passed
into a law. If this agreement is entered into
now there will be no opportunity on Monday
for a proper explanation of the reasons for pre-
senting that amendment in the shape in which
it is now presented—a new shape; 1 admit an
extraordinary shape; but, sir, it is necessary,
and Iwill not consent, to any arrangement which
is by unanimous consent to operate as a pre-
vention of an assignment of the reasons in favor
of that amendment on the floor of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ Let me suggest to my
friend from Missouri that he take the floor
now, and then wc shall adjourn over, and he
will have the floor when we are all fresh on
Monday.
Mr. DRAKE. But there is an amendment
pending now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But we all know that by
the constant practice of the Senate any gen-
tleman may address the Senate upon any
amendment he wishes to discuss, no matter
what may be the particular question pending
at any time without objection.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish to address the
Senate when there are no Senators in their
seats.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We shall all be here.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not wish to come hero
at a night session sndundertake to defend 
Several Sbsatobs. Not at night; on Mon-
day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the Senator take the
| Hour now for Monday.
j Mr. DRAKE. If the Senate will give me
j t.lie^ opportunity of placing before them and
j before the country the reasons why I have
. presented here a proposition which the chair-
j man of the Committee on the Judiciary
i denounced, when it came in, as monstrous,
; then 1 will agree to the arrangement; but not
: otherwise.
I Mr. EDMUNDS. You may take the floor
i now and have it for Mondav.
