3668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
this sttbject than I intended; but I will advert
in conclusion to another most fundamental
and vital principle of our system of Govern-
ment, and it is this: the investment in the
local or State governments of all power and
jurisdiction over their domestic affairs; and
the investment by a delegation of powers that
does not extend beyond the words of the lan-
guage which delegates them, or their necessary
import, in a general Government, with many
and express and emphatic restrictions upon
those powers.
Sir, there is but one condition upon which
the American people can have both liberty and
empire; and that is the maintenance of the
powers of the General Government, to give
the nation general power to preserve domestic
order and peace among the States, and to pro-
tect all the States as a nation against foreign
Governments, and to give the exclusive juris-
diction and powerand control and organization
of State governments and State laws and State
interests and State rights to the local govern-
ments of the States. There is 110 possible con-
ceivable condition upon which power and lib-
erty can be combined except upon that basis.
It was upon that great combined principle that
the wise men who framed our system based our
Government, a mixed State and national Gov-
ernment. Sir, liberty and self-government,
constitutional law and order were no less dear
and no less the object of those wise men than
was national power. It was never their pur-
pose for the phantom of a great, grand, expan-
sive, and all-controlling empire and all of its
powers, to give up their local governments and
their essential liberties that are bound up in
their- State constitutions and in their local gov-
ernments.
It will be an evil, day indeed when the peo-
ple of ihe United States can be brought to
make this sacrifice. They must keep separate
and distinct, each revolving in its own sphere,
the General and the State governments. While
they do not permit the State governments by
secession to depart from, or by usurpation to
trench upon, the just constitutional powers
of the General Government, they must espe-
cially beware that the General Government
does not absorb all the sovereignty and pow-
ers of the States and become a consolidated
congressional despotism. Such is the tend-
ency, with fearful force and with great accel-
eration,' of things in our country at this time,
it is time for the sober, sedate, thinking peo-
ple of America, without regard to party names,
to intervene to save constitutional government
and popular liberty, and unless that interven-
tion takes place before long, it will soon be
forever too late.
- Mr. SPENCER. Mr. President, the Repub-
lican party appears to be afflicted with a mas-
terly inactivity, and the results incident to the
suppression of the rebellion, instead of uniting
more firmly the component parts of the party,
are slipping from our grasp without even the
endeavor to clutch them before they pass away.
What is the cause of this apathy ? What do
gentlemen who claim affiliation with the Repub-
lican party mean by tamely surrendering to the
Copperheads of the North and the Kuklux
Democracy of the South, whose panderers and
demagogues are seeking power and place only
to upturn the Union and render nugatory all
that has been so happily accomplished in the
interests of freedom, nationality, and loyalty ?
Are we to lose all that has been realized for
the happiness of the country, first, under the
auspices of Abraham Lincoln, afterward jeop-
ardized and almost lost through the apostasy
of Andrew Johnson, and since reobtained by
the wise administration of General Grant and
a Republican Congress ? With the single ex-
ception of Georgia, all of the seceding States
are now reconstructed and represented upon
the floor of Congress. It is matter of deep
concern to the Republicans of these southern
States that they shall be sustained, that they
shall not be left to the mercy of that element
which inaugurated the rebellion—that element
of secession which caused the loss of so many
lives; which has created an immense national
debt; subjected the people to onerous taxa-
tion, wherewith to meet the pledge of public
faith ; placed thousands of widows and orphans
on the pension-roll, and carried desolation
throughout the land; an element which to-day
openly threatens revenge on the Government
whenever it can be wreaked, which prays for
tho hour when, by the misfortune of a foreign
war, it can show its fangs, and by the com-
mission of secret or perhaps undisguised trea-
son, play the parricide and the ignoble role of
of spy and informer.
The condition of the South, political and
social, is truly deplorable. To be a Repub-
lican, an advocate of liberty, and a supporter
of the Administration and its policy, is a hein-
ous crime. It sets a mark upon the brow and
a price upon the head. There is no such thing
in the South to-day as freedom of speech, free-
dom of thought, and freedom of action, except
it be in those rare localities where the inhabit-
ants chance to be all loyal.
I openly charge, and can submit the proof,
that the people of the South who sympathized
with secession and bore arms to war upon the
Union, are to-day more bitter in their hatred
to the Government than ever before. Their
persons and property being unmolested, the
demon of hate rankles in their breasts pro-
portionably as they reestablish their fallen for-
tunes, discharge their debts by the operation
of the bankrupt law, and become possessed of
the other necessary elements of power which
successful trade, commerce, and productions
of the soil inevitably bring.
This hate increases daily ; it grows with their
growth and gathers in its strength. They hope
for the day when their unholy revenge may
be somewhat appeased by fastening upon the
country the payment of the confederate war
debt, and reimbursement for the value of slaves
as a legitimate part of the common obligations
of the country, more sacred and inviolable
than the payment of our present national ob-
ligations, which they already seek to repudi-
ate. This is a subject of common conversa-
tion, a topic which is indulged in and speculated
upon everywhere with universal accord by the
revolutionists of the South, who are resolved
that peace and order shall not obtain under
the auspices of Republican administration.
The difficulty is to make Senators give cre-
dence to these statements, and truth, simple
truth, is unwillingly listened to by them simply
because in their charity and mistaken philan-
thropy they would belieVe otherwise. These
panderers from the foul beds of secession are
careful not to betray their designs when they
seek to influence legislation in their favor.
They are meek and oily-tongued in Washing-
ton and in the lobbies of the Capitol.- They
protest and plead, fawn, beg, and sycophant
until they seduce Republicans into the belief
that they are honest in their sayings, and with
their siren songs they lull and charm Senators
into forge tfu In ess of the past and utter oblivion
as to the lessons the past should teach. Then
they, in true traitorous style, at once set on the
hounds first to rend the ones they have de-
ceived, for such are always less capable of
resistance and less suspecting than those who
better understand the true ring of loyalty and
refuse to be beguiled by the counterfeit sound
of baser metal.
As fraud, treachery, and deceit were the
salient features of secession, and from first to
last were indulged in without relaxation, so to
say, these are the means resorted to to effect its
restoration to power. It comes clothed in the
counterfeitgarbofinndcenceandtruth, " wove
in the loom of Pallas," and the passions throw
open wide their doors to let it enter. Reason
strips it of its disguise, and, the robe torn off,
the skeleton of treason is revealed, grinning
and ghastly, in all its revolting hideousness.
Why is it that the lessons of the past are so
soon forgotten ? Why is it that we are prone
to deaden our recollection of the trials and
tribulations through which we have passed ? I
fear we are educated too liberally in confi-
dence, and give too loose a rein to prudence.
Because the revolutionists in the South cloak
theiractions and honey their words, make spe-
cious pleas and promises, and, like Peter, deny
their Master, they are, alas! given full faith
and credit. Do we not comprehend that—
" Smooth runs the water where the brook is deep,
And in his simplo show he harbors treason.
The fox barks not, when he would steal the lamb."
****** Gloster is a man
Unsounded yet, and full of deep deceit?"
The test-oaths required by law are not re-
garded by these hypocrites. They do not hesi-
tate to be forsworn, and swallow them without
remorse of conscience. It is not uncommon
to hear them declare that no jury could or
would convict them for their perjury; that it
was forced, and, as such, not binding before
God or man. With them "foul subornation is
predominant," and to that end they live, and
hope thereby to acquire power. Truth they
dare not tell, at least in the present compli-
cation, for that would deprive them of their
mask and expose their hypocrisy.
To those who are upon the spot and who are
compelled to view the workings of society, it
is more than manifest that in the South the
Kuklux organization is nothing more nor less
than a secret government based upon the ruins
of secession, whose hostility is specially di-
rected against the Union, and whose point
d'appui is the subversion of the reconstruc-
tion acts and the aggrandizement of political
power. It was first inaugurated with the view
of controlling and repressing the freedraen, so
as to secure their labor without pay, ostensibly
to keep them within bounds, but practically to
terrorize them into the abject submission of
slaves. Its first object was to rivet the chains
of slavery by professing to secure the so-called
ends of peace. But the freedmen by their
industry, their obedience to law and order,
their utter forgetfuluess of the previous galls
of bondage, their earnest desire to acquire
education, and their general thrift soon demon-
strated to the community and to the country
that they neither needed such espionage nor
required the professed guardianship. Then it
became manifest that they could be controlled
by their masters in all things save political
opinion, and that notwithstanding every in-
ducement to the contrary, these freedmen
remained and still remain true and steadfast to
Republican principles, loyal to that flag under
whose auspices the battle of freedom had been
fought, and grateful to the brave hearts who
periled life that the Union might be preserved,
and all citizens be made equal before the law.
Then this organization became purely polit-
ical, and has spread over the area of the South
until it has succeeded in collecting all the
elements of secession, riveted and banded to-
gether in the common purpose of crushing out
Republicanism and consecrating the bonajides
of the confederate cause.
Their deeds of violence and blood are written
in the history of southern reconstruction, and
still go on unchecked and unrestrained. Every
mail brings to us the details of some' revoking
tragedy. White and colored Unionists seized,
murdered, and their inanimate bodies inhu-
manly mutilated. No offender is sought out
and punished, and those few good citizens who
are opposed to lawlessness tremble lest some
of the outlaws or their sympathizers may guess
at or read the secrets of their hearts. Their
lips are mute, their hands tied, fearful that
they, too, may be visited with the swift but
terrible vengeance of the Klan. They know
but too well that the organization is perfect,
extends everywhere, and that it is a power
with Briarean hands, and as remorseless in
its exercise as the bandits of Greece, or the
blood-bound Carbonari.
Having fought and conquered secession.
