<68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 15,
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United Stales.
the amount to be awarded by said court shall
be upon the basis of the value of carrying
other first-class freight of like quantity with
the mails actually carried between the same
ports at the same time.
Approved, July 14,1870.
Chap. CCLXXXIX.—An Act to remove all
Legal and Political Disabilities from George
II Bier, of Maryland.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, by reason of participation ill the late
rebellion, be,and tbey hereby are,removed from
George H. Bier, of Maryland.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCXC.— An Act for the Relief of Wil-
liam Selden.
Be it enacted by the Sen at', and House of Rep-
resentatives of the. United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasuiy is hereby authorized and directed to
cause to be paid to William Selden, out of any
money ill the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of five thousand dollars, in
full for all claim against the United States for
the use and occupation of personal and real
property by military authority within the Dis-
trict of Columbia in the year eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, and thereafter.
Approved, July li, 1870.
Chap. CCXCI.—An Act to extend Letters-
Patent grained to John Bachelder.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the letters patent
granted to John Bachelder, dated May eighth,
eighteen hundred and forty-nine, for an im-
provement in sewing mechanism, as reissued
December twelfth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
live, be. and the same are hereby, extended,
lor the benefit of the said John Bachelder, his
heirs and legal representatives, for seven years,
from and after the eighth day of May, eighteen
hundred and seventy: Provided, hoioevcr, That
said extended paient shall be open to legal
inquiry and decision, in the same manner as
if issued under the general law relating to pat-
ents: And provided also. That all personswho
have purchased siiid sewing mechanism since
the expiration of said patent may continue to
use I li e said mechanism so purchased, the same
as if this act had not passed.
Approved, July 14, 1870.
Chap. CCCVI.—An Act, for the Belief of
Uittenhouse P. Finck.
Be itenactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Posl master Gen-
eral be, and m hereby, instructed to pay Kit-
teahouse P. Finck, outof any monies [moneys]
heretofore appropriated for the use of the Post
Office Department, the sum of three hundred ,
dollars, in full lor all claims upon the United !
Bta'es for services as postal agent. J
Approved, July 15, 1870.
'CiiAr. CCCVrr.—An Actto settle the Claim of
; the Heirs of the late Colonel William Gates.
, of the United State3 Army.
Be it euaciedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of Ute United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and hereby is, authorized to
pay the sum of five thousand live hundred and
sixty-seven dollars and fifty cents to Mrs. H.
L. Gates, widow of the late Colonel William
Gates, of the United States Army, who acted
as collector of revenue or military contribu-
tions, during the late war with Mexico, under
the direction of the President of the United
States, it being the amount of his share of the
proceeds of the sale of the schooner Oregon
and cargo, seized and confiscated in April,
eighteen hundred and forty-seven, at the port
of Tampico, being equal to the share of his
deputy, Franklin Chase and others, his subor-
dinates, who, by special acts of Congress, have
been allowed and paid their shares of the said
vessel and cargo, and that the amount of said
claim be paid out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
Ciiap. CCCVIIL—An Act for the Relief of
Francis M. Strong and Thomas Ross.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That Francis M. Strong
and Thomas Ross have leave to make applica-
tion to the Commissioner of Patents for the
extension of the letters-patent issued to them
for improvement in platform scales, for the
term of fourteen years from the fifteenth day
of January, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
said letters-patent bearing date the fifteenth
day of January, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
in the same manner as if the petition for said
extension had been filed 'at least ninety days
before the expiration of said patent; and that
the Commissioner be authorized to consider
and determine said application in the same
manner as if it had been filed ninety days
before the expiration of said patent.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
Ciiap. CCCIX.—An Act for the Relief of
Charles Steednian, Commodore United
States Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be authorized, in
adjusting the accounts of Commodore Charles
Steedraau, of" the United States Navy, for dis-
bursements as paymaster in command of the
United States brig Dolphin, to allow and credit
him the sum of seven hundred and four dollars
and forty-one cents, the amount of debit items
from errors, which occurred without fault or
neglect on his part.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
Ciiap. CCCX.—An Act for the Relief of L.
F. Larkm, of Weldon, North Carolina.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of one hun-
dred and ninety-eight dollars [and]eighty-f-ight
cents, from any sum not otherwise appropri-
ated, be, and hereby is, allowed to L. F. Lar-
kin, postmaster at Weldon, North Carolina,
to reimburse him for losses sustained by the
robbery of his office of stamps, &c.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
Ciiap. CCCXL—An Act for the Relief of the
widow of James L. Ivicrnan, late Consul to
Chinkiang. China.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of Ike United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury^ be authorized and directed to pay
to the widow of James L. Iviernan, late con-
sul at Chinkiang, China, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
amount (not exceedingsix hundred and twenty-
five dollars) due said Kiernan as salary from
October the fourth to December twentieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, being a part
of the time occupied in traveling from the
United States to his post in China.
ApppvOTed, July 15, 1870.
Chap. CCCXII.—An Act for the Relief of
Vassar College.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That upon the devises and
bequests made to Vassar College by the last
wilt and testament of Matthew Vassar, de-
ceased, of Poughkeepsie, Dutchess county, in
the State of New York, bearing date the third
day of February, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, there shall neither be assessed nor col-
lected any tax as for a legacy or succession,
and the sum, if already assessed, shall be, and
is hereby, remitted and released.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
Ciiap. CCCXIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Sarah L. Goodrich.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Sarah L. Goodrich,
widow of Sanford B. Goodrich, deceased, late
band-master in the third regiment of Michigan
cavalry, be allowed and paid the same bounty
and additional bounty to which she would have
been entitled as such widow, had the said Sau-
ford B. Goodrich been an enlisted man in the
Army of the United States at the time of liis
death.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
Chap. CCCXIV.—An Act granting a Pension
to Jerry Gordon.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he 13 hereby, authorized and
directed to place 011 the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of t£e pension
laws, the name of Jerry Gordon, and to pay
him a pension of twenty-five dollars per month
from the date of this act, for and during the
continuance of his natural life, said Gordon
having lost both legs by reason of wounds
received while in the service of the United
States as a teamster at the second battle of
Bull Run, Virginia.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
Chap. CCCXV.—An Act for the Relief of
Richard M. Hodgson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and is here-
by, appropriated out of any moneys in tiie
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of one hundred dollars to Richard M. Hodgson,
in full for clothing and personal effects lost
by the destruction of the U. S. S. transport
''Shiugis," 011 board of which vessel he was a
wounded passenger en route to hospital, having
been wounded at Vicksburg, on board of the
U.S. S. "Oneida."
Approved, July 15, 1870.
| Chap. CCCX\I.—An Act to remove the Legal
and Poliiical Disabilities of W. C. Whif-
thorne, of Alaury county, Tennessee.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all legal and political
disabilities be, and are hereby, removed from
W. C. hittliorne, of Maury county, Tennes-
see.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
