4612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
have not a ship of war worth a cent, and we
do not propose to build any. Now, surely we
ought to strengthen our harbor defenses, and
use the means necessary to prevent the dis-
traction of our most important cities by hostile
Mr. FARNSWORTH-. The gentleman does
not do me justice. I am equally surprised that
my gallant friend from Kentucky,who was un-
willing to pay the female employes of the Gov-
ernment the same as male employes for the
same service, should now be willing to vote
$1,250,000 for fortifications which can be of
no practicable use in time of war.
Mr. BECK. I was willing to vote the women
as much as we voted the men in those Depart-
ments, and to allow them to be appointed by
the heads of Departments to all the classes of
clerkships; but I did not want the heads of
bureaus arid their chief clerks to say what
women did the same work as men, and to
raise the pay of unworthy women for their own
purposes, to the exclusion of deserving ladies
from the places that their merits might entitle
them to. And I do not want this money to be
wasted. But I do not want, if war should
break out with England, France, Spain, or
any other nation, and the city of New York,
Boston, Philadelphia, or Portland should be
burned, to have it said that this catastrophe had
happened because I would not vote $1,250,000
to ha'fe the forts protecting those cities fitted
for receiving the big guns which would protect
their harbors, until we could meet the enemy
on the sea. Let it be remembered that we
have not a Navy to be compared even with
that of such a Power as Spain. We are now
trying to keep down our naval appropriations
to the lowest point, to save expenses. And it
is therefore all the more necessary that we
should have efficient coast defenses at the most
important points, so that we may not be open
to the sudden attack of any Power disposed to
take advantage of our weakness on the ocean.
I should have extended the appropriations to
other harbors, but the engineer department
said they could get along for the present, using
the $150,000 we have allowed them for gen-
eral purposes to strengthen the defenses on the
southern coast; and we did not go beyond what
they said was absolutely necessary for the time
being.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COBURN. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. PETERS. I renew it, to enable me to
say a few words upon it. I understood that
the objection of the gentleman who first made
the motion to strike out the paragraph was not
so much intrinsically to the proposition itself
as because it was not extensive enough so as
to grant appropriations for fortifications on the-
lakes. I have nothing to say in opposition to
that suggestion. If fortifications are necessary,
then make them. But I wish to say a word in
behalf of the specific appropriation for Port-
land,. Maine. The estimates called for an ap-
propriation of a much larger sum for Portland.
They called for an expenditure also on the
Kennebec and Penobscot. The Committee on
Appropriations have been economical, if not
parsimonious, and have struck out Port Knox?
on the Penobscot, and the fort at the mouth
of the Kennebec, Port Popham; and they pro-
pose to make an appropriation in all for the
three forts in Portland harbor of $75,000.
Some of these works are not fully completed.
If we are not going to throw away what has
been expended there heretofore, this appro-
priation is necessary. It is necessary to keep
them in repair and in a state of preservation.
I understand that not a dollar of this money
is necessary for or will be expended upon any
work of masonry. These forts in Portlancl
harbor are built upon ledges of rock, on which
mounds of earth are thrown up. It is not
proposed to spend any more money in the an-
cient manner of fort-building, but it is proposed
to make some changes in the direction taught
by the principles of modern science, and this
small sum is necessary to mount the class of
guns which are now to be used upon these
quasi earth-works, and to give us a protection
for that harbor, a harbor which virtually com-
mands the whole coast of Maine, and a harbor
which commands ingress and egress to Canada,
because the Grand Trunk railway runs from
Portland to Montreal and Quebec. All the
other lines of railroad in the State of Maine
also center in that city.
Mr. WELKER. I do not wish the gentle-
man from Maine to understand that Ihave any
particular antipathy to this appropriation for
fortifications in the State of Maine. My object
in naming the fortifications there along with
others was to ascertain what was to be done
with the money appropriated for each of these
fortifications. And I am glad that the gentle-
man has explained what is to be done with the
money which it is proposed to appropriate by
the paragraph under consideration.
Mr. PETERS. I am glad to learn that there
is no specific objection entertained to the ap-
propriations for these particular works.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the experience
of the country in the last ten years has demon-
strated, to the satisfaction of everybody, that
there is such a thing as the art of war, or mili-
tary science. The old idea was that an Amer-
ican citizen, with his gun, was a soldier •perse,
and that all the business of attack and defense
was matter of individual bravery, and required
no special skill. We got very much over that
notion while the war was in progress. We
found ourselves at the close of the war with a
trained, skillful, and competent corps of en-
gineers, young men who had had practical
experience for a number of years in the field,
and who understood the art of military engi-
neering in its highest state of modern advance-
ment. These men know what can be done at
the various points where defense is required,
and if they are intrusted with the means, they
can make those defenses according to the most
approved methods of modern warfare.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
The committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham, its Secretary,
announced that the Senate had passed without
amendment bills and joint resolutions of the
House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 209G) granting a pension
to MaryFayer, of Philadelphia;
A bill (H. R. No. 2101) granting a pension
to Dolly Brown;
A bill (H. R. No. 2102) granting a pension
to Jacob Gales;
A bill (H. R. No. 1998) granting a pension
to Betsey Arlin;
A bill (II. li. No. 1G97) to incorporate the
National Mutual Life Assurance Association
of Washington, District of Columbia;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 800) grantiug
a pension to John Powers, late private in the
eleventh United States infantry in the war of
1812; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 804) author-
izing the Secretary of War to place at the dis-
posal of the judges of the county court of
Greene county, State of Missouri, certain cap-
turcd ordnance.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 539) to amend an act entitled
"An act for a grant of lands to the State of
Kansas, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads and telegraphs
in said State; " and
A bill (S. No. 996) to relieve Henry A. Bad-
ham from the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of'the United States.
The message further announced that the
Senate disagreed to the amendment of the
House to the joint resolution (S. R. No. 163)
for the relief of certain officers of the Navy,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Drake, Mr. Scott, and Mr. Thtjrhan,
conferees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendment of the
House to the bill (S. No. 459) to authorize the
settlement of the accounts of officers of the
Army and Navy.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. MAYNARD. The country can avail
itself of their experience and skill by doing it
now while the men are young, while their ex-
perience and recollection are fresh. To let
this generation of engineers with their acquired
skill pass away, as some gentlemen seem to
suppose will bo the most economical method,
and to depend upon such skill without experi-
ence as we may have in time to come, is not,
it seems to me, true economy, and not wise.
Let us put money into the handseof these men.
They do not ask large sums or heavy appro-
priations. Let us give them what money they
ask for, and trust to their acknowledged skill
to put our system of harbor defenses on a proper
footing. It occurs to me that that is the wisest
use we can make of the money, because, using
it now, we apply it with a degree of skill and
experience which we have never had before,
and in all likelihood shall not have again, cer-
tainly not during the present century.
I would have made some suggestions with
regard to one appropriation here, the appro-
priation for the harbor of San Francisco; but
I will leave it to the gentlemen that represent
that part of the country to give their views as
to the importance of these particular appro-
priations. Certainly there can be no two opin-
ions as to the necessity of so fortifying the har-
bor of San Francisco that it shall be made
impregnable, if possible, by any amount of
expenditure and of skill that will make it im-
pregnable.
Mr. COBURN. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. I renew the amendment. I
think, Mr. Chairman, that we have been act-
ing so far in this Congress upon the supposi-
tion that we ought to make only such appro-
priations as our present necessities require.
On looking at this bill I must say that I do
not see any such necessity for it at all. We
were told by the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations awhile ago (and I agreed
entirely with him at the time) that we were un-
able at this time to make such appropriations
as were necessary to strengthen the Navy ;
and I agreed with him because I felt assured
that we are not about to enter upon a war with
any foreign nation; that we had no immediate
necessity for it; that there was a very strong
reason why we ought not to make larger ap-
propriations now than seemed to be actually
necessary. Now, sir, I believe, and I voted
with my colleague [Mr. Bbamak] to strike out
the enacting clause of this bill on that prin-
ciple, that there is no present necessity for this
bill. I think if there is anything that can wait
it is these forts, which, as the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butleu] says, have been
building ever since the country had an exist-
ence, and for which appropriations have been
asked at almost every session of Congress;
and I presume they have, perhaps, needed iti
But we certainly have found that in many
cases they are not very reliable defenses.
It was said by my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Welker] that we have a long frontier in the
States of New York, Ohio, Michigan, and other
States bordering upon the waters which divide
this country from Canada, and that some means
should be taken for tlie defense of that frontier.
Hie gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
says that we do not need forts there, because
the heavy irou-clads will not be able to visit us
there. Now, while heavy iron-clad§ may not
be able to reach us from the ocean, gentlemen
