1870.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
Laws-of the United States.
41st Cong....2d Sess.
Chap. CCCXYII.—An Act for the Relief of
Jearum Atkins.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Patents be, and he hereby is, authorized to
entertain and exercise jurisdiction over a peti-
tion of Jearum Atkins for an extension of let-
ters patent granted to him on the first day of
December, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
for a further term of seven years from the first
day of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six. and to hear and determine upon the said
petition in the same manner and with the same
effect as if the original term of said patent had
not expired, and to grant or refuse such ex-
tension upon the same principles that govern
his decisions upon such applications when
made in due course of law: Provided, That
before granting any extension upon such peti-
tion the Commissioner shall be satisfied that
the same will inure to the sole benefit of said
Atkins: And provided further, That no person
shall be held liable for the infringement of said
patent, if extended, for making use of said
invention since the expiration of the original
term of said patent and prior to the date of its
extension.
Approved, July 15, 1870.
'.RESOLUTIONS.
No. 9.—A Resolution to close the Accounts
of John W. Forney, late Secretary of the
Senate.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That to close the accounts
of John TV. Forney, late Secretary of the Sen-
ate, on the books of the Treasury, the Comp-
troller of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized to bring such credit balances as have
been found due to him, on account of such
appropriations as have been exhausted, to his
debit on certain other appropriations in which
balances have been found against him, behav-
ing already satisfied the entire balance which
has been found due by him on the final settle-
ment of his accounts.
Approved, February 3, 1870.
No. 10.—A Resolution authorizing Com-
mander Charles II. Baldwin, United States
Navy, to accept a Gold Medal from the King
of the Netherlands.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That Commander Charles
H. Baldwin, of (he United States Navy, be, and
he is hereby, authorized to accept a gold medal
from the King of the Netherlands, tendered
him in appreciation of services rendered to a
merchant vessel of that nation in distress.
Approved, February 7, 1870.
No. 11.—Resolution authorizing Lieutenant
Commander W. A. Kirkland, United States
Navy, to accept a Gold Medal from the
Emperor of France.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Lieutenant Com-
mander W. A. Kirkland, of the United States
Navy, be, and he is hereby, authorized^ to ac-
cept a gold medal from the Emperor of France,
tendered him in appreciation of services ren-
dered to the inhabitants of Point[e] h Pitre
when that place was visited by a hurricane.
Approved, February 7, 1870.
No. 14.—A Resolution for the Relief of John
E. Reeside.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Quartermaster
General is hereby authorized and directed to
settle and pay, upon the bills of lading, the
accounts of John E. Reeside, for transporta-
tion of public stores at the contract price, for
the amount of public stores actually trans-
ported, under hi3 contract, dated April fourth,
anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
on route number two, for Kansas, Colorado,
and New Mexico.
J. G. BLAINE,
SpeaJcer of the House of Representatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President of the United States
and President of the Senate.
Indorsed by the President: "Rec'd Feb'y
3d, 1870."
[Note by the Department or State.—The
foregoing resolution having been presented to
the President of the United States for his ap-
proval, and not having been returned by him
to the House of Congress in which it originated
within the time prescribed by the Constitution
of the United States, has become alaw without
his approval.]
No. 17.—Joint Resolution for the Refunding
of Hospital Money collected of the Whaling
Bark " Hamilton."
Beitresolvedbyihe Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be refunded to
Zenas L. Adams, managing owner of the whal-
ing bark "Hamilton,'' of New Bedford, Mas-
sachusetts, out of any moneys in the Treasury
of the United States not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of one hundred and thirty dol-
lars and twenty cents, it being for so much
money exacted by A. W. Clark, late United
States consul at Valparaiso, of the master of
the whaling bark "Hamilton" for hospital tax,
to which whaling vessels are not liable; said
amount having been covered into the United
States Treasury.
Approved, February 24, 1870.
No. 19.—A Resolution amending an Act enti-
tled "An Act for the Relief of Henry C.
Noyes."
Whereas the act entitled "An act for the
relief of Henry C. Noyes," approved March
third, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, con-
tains a misreeital of the number of the bond
therein referred to, whereby the said act is
rendered ineffectual for the relief of the said
Noyes: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States oj America in
Congress assembled, That the said act be, and
hereby is, amended by striking therefrom the
word "thirty-seven," and inserting in lieu
thereof the word "sixty-seven."
Approved, March 2, 1870.
No. 20.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Issue
of Blankets to Enlisted Men of Company
"B," Tenth Infantry, to replace others
destroyed by Fire.
Beitresolvedby the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of V> ar
is hercbvauthorized tocauseto be issued forty-
five blankets to such enlisted men of company
"B," tenth U. S. infantry, whose blankets
were destroyed or rendered worthless in the
extinguishment of a fire at Fort Snelling, Min-
nesota, on the twentieth of December, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight; and said blankets
shall be issued to said enlisted men without
cost to them.
Approved, March 9, 1870.
No. 21.—Joint Resolution providing for the
payment of the Fourth Arkansas Mounted
Infantry Volunteers.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That theSecretary of War,
upon the possession of evidence of service which
to him may seem satisfactory, is hereby directed
to cause to be investigated the claims of the
forces known as the fourth Arkansas mounted
infantry, enlisted for twelve months under the
authority of Major General Frederick Steele, in
northwestern Arkansas, dated October twenty-
third, eighteen hundred and sixty-three; and
if he finds the troops performed actual ser-
vice, he shall cause the officers and soldiers
thereof to be paid at the same rates, for actual
services rendered, while absent from their
homes, as was [were] allowed by law to other
volunteer military forces in the service at the
same time. And in estimating the amount
due the said force, the officers and non-com-
missioned officers thereof shall be paid under
the mustering regulations of the Army in force
at the time theregimentwas underrecruitment.
And no allowance shall bemado for any troops
who did not perform actual military service in
full cooperation with and subject to the orders
of the United States authorities.
Approved, March 18, 1870.
No. 25.—Joint Resolution appropriating to
the widow and children of the late B. H.
Stanton, for their use, a sum equal to one
year's salary of an Associate Justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America iri
Corigi ess assembled, That, in consideration of
the distinguished services and untimely death
of Honorable Edwin M. Stanton, there shall
be paid, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to his widow, for the
use of herself and his children, a sum equal
to one year's salary of an associate justice of
the Supreme Court of the United States, to
which office he had been appointed at the time
of his death.
Approved, March 18, 1870.
No. 27.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Francis S. McDonald.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be directed to cause to be paid to Francis S.
McDonald the full pay and emoluments of a
second lieutenant of the third Minnesota vol-
unteers from November the first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, to June twenty-sixth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, with travel,
pay, and allowances from Snyder's Bluff, Mis-
sissippi, to Fort Snelling, Minnesota.
Approved, March 23, 1870.
No. 34.—A Resolution to authorize (he Reap-
pointment of William Pollard in the Engin-
j eer Corps of the United States Navy,
i Resolved by Hie Senate and House of Repre-
| sentatives of the United States of America in
i Congress assembled, That the President of the
! United States be, and he is hereby, author-
I ized to nominate, and, by and with the advice
! and consent of the Senate, to reappoint Wil-
