18JG.
THB. C0NGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
1781
covering only fire pages, to pag* 140 was dis-
posed of, I believe, at one eighth and afew at
one tourtli. Then comes the tea-forty loan,
from p*g® 141 to page lo0? at one fourth and
one eighth of one per ceut. Then comes the
loan of March 3, 1865. at one eighth of one
per cent. Then comes the loan of *he seven-
thirty bonds, for which Jay Cooke was ap-
pointed vl>e agent by the letter of Mr. Fessen-
oen, which I have referred to, dated January
•JS, 186-3. I wish to call attention particularly
to one or two sentences in that letter, and that
I may not misquote it I will read it in fall.
He says:
Tbcasvkt DcrARTOBirc, 1865.
Sib: Having this day been appointed the fiscal agent
of this Department, you will prepare yourself to
assume the duties of general agent for the disposition
of the seven-thirty loan, and commence your oper-
ations on the 1st of f-ebruary noxt.
The necessities of the Treasury require that at
least $2,000,000 shall be-daily realized from the sale
of sevea-thirty notes, and it is expected that, after
a sufficient timo shall have elapsed to enable you to
complete your arrangements, this sum will be the
minimum amount of daily sales.
When this loan was first put upon the market the
several national deposit banks were made agents
therefor, and the commission allowed wasone fourth
of one per cent, on the amount disposed of by them
respectively, the Department assuming all the'ex-
penses of advertising and otherwise neeessary in
making the loan known to the people.
My expectations, not having been realised, as a
farther stimulus, alt banks and ban king associations
and other persons or parties were invited to act as
agents of this Department, and the maximum com-
mission offered was increased to one half per cent.
The amount of daily sales, I regret to say, falls far
abort of th«.neeesnties of the Treasury.
Theret tfir, was the pinch Of the ease at that
tune.
My faith in the willingness and ability «£tho peo-
ple to supply the (ioTernment on fair terms with
the moneys necessary to carry on the war and to
8uppre?s the rebellion remains unchanged. The
forta of loan now offered to them is, in my opinion,
the best that can be devised for present emergencies,
and it must be only necessary for the people to be-
come familiarized with its advantages to induce an
investment of their surplus earnings therein, which
surplus, if so applied, would, with the receipts 1'rom
ordinary sources, be quite sufficient to enable the
Government promptly to pay our soldiers and meet
all other demands consequent upon the war.
Yonr snccess in popularizing what was known
as the five-twenty loan prompts me.to take advan-
tage of the sane machinery to bring before the peo-
ple the advantages of the seven-thirty loan. The
Treasury must be supplied, and the demands upon
it are of so imperious a nature as to forbid further
ilelay or farther experiments.
There was the necessity under which the
Treasury waa laboring at that time, and even
under that necessity, with its paper down to
below fifty per cent., what was the offer made
to Jay Cooke & Co. for the purpose of nego-
tiating those bonds?
The commissions to be paid you will be at the
rate of three fourths of one per cent, on the first
$50,000,000 disposed of, and five eighths of one per
cent, on the second $50,000,000, and for the balance
of the lean, if successful, the rate of commission will
be fixed hereafter. This commission, it is distinctly
understood, must cover all expenses of advertising,
clerical forco, exchanges, traveling agents' commis-
sions, allowances to sub-agents, and all other ex-
peases which may be necessary to the successful
disposition of the loans, including your own compen-
sation. The Department simply undertakes to de-
liver thenotes on thehnesof any railroad, by eipress,
at i to own cost. No notes will Redelivered until the
moneys therefor have been paid into the Treasury
and the certificates of deposit received at this Depart-
ment.
You are expected and directed to allow to *Fub-
ageats now employed by the Department, .until oth-
erwise instructed, the same rates of commissipn as
are now allowed. You are further instrae-ted to
advertise generally in the papers of the United States,
to make the advantages of the loan properly And
thoroughly understood through the public press, and
by circulars and other means direct the attention or
the people thereto, and also to appoint suoh number
of sab-aeents as will enable you to present-directly
to the people of cach locality the claims which the
Government has upon them, and the benefits to be
derived from their investment in the loan plaeed
ander your charge.
Should the Secretary think proper to suspend
yonr agency at any time be will ao so at big discre-
tion; b«t if this should be before the first$50,000,000
shall beMisposed of, for any cause other than want
of success in accomplishing the object of such agency,
or miseondnct on your part, any proper expenses
you may have incurred beyond the percentage re-
ceived for so much of the loan as may have been dis-
posed of. and a fair remuneration for your services,
be paid by the Department.
it is to be further distinctly understood that the
ratts of compensation for your services and expenses
hereinbefore nained are liable to be decreased in
case the amount appropriated by the act of June 30,
1864, shall not be found sufficient to meet the same,
with the other neeessary expenses enumerated in the
ninth seotion thereof, to such an extent as may be
found necessary in order to bring the whole of said
expenses within the amount appropriated.
It is my desire that the Government shall rely en-
tirely upon loans and taxation to meet future ex-
penses. The volume of gold-bearing loans is as large
as the present convenience of the Treasury will per-
mit, and I trust it will not be necessary hereafter to
resort to bonds or Treasury notes bearing other than
currency interest.
Your utmost energies will be required in this be-
half, and I shall expect to see the result of your
efforts in the immediate increase of receipts from this
source.
I am, very respectfully,
W. P. FEgSENDEN,
Stcretary of the Treasury.
Jay Cookx, esq., Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Under those circumstances, with the grip of
the public creditor upoa the Treasury, with the
fact staring the Secretary in the face that na-
tional dishonor mast follow if those loans were
not negotiated, and that within a limited time,
he offered" three fourths of one per cent, to
cover all expenses. And now, sir, shall we,
when the paper of the Government with its
stamp upon it, as my friend from Wisconsin
called it the other day, is worth within ten
cents of par, send out to the world a procla-
mation from Congress that we deem it neces-
sary to incur an expense of one per cent, on
this loan to exchange it, contrasted with the
three fourths of one per cent, offered when
national gloom and disaster seemed to over*
spread us all ? Twelve million dollars are to
be offered for the purpose of exchanging a
loan which originally, according to this ac-
count, cost only $7,000,000 to place. Seven
million dollars is the figure given in this book
for placing the loan when we were under those
| difficulties. I do not understand it. Mr.
' Cooke was to get three fourths of one per
! cent., and yet in some places he is only put
down at five eighths and three eighths of one
; per ceut. The three fourths is not carried
i out in reference to all his negotiations. Never-
[ theless, the Secretary of the Treasury puts
the cost of placing the whole loan when our
credit was down, when the nations of the earth
were conspiring against us, at three fourths
Of one per cent; and now we propose to- go
abroad to many of the monarchies that would
have exulted over the death of the Republic
and proclaim to them (hat we deem it neces-
sary to pay them one per cent, for taking again
the loan which they took before under those
circumstances.
Sir, I trust that we shall have no exhibition
of that kind made in this bill. I wish the bill
passed in proper form. I wish the credit of
the United States to go before the world now,
and I wish it determined whether we can re-
duce oar taxation by reducing oar interest. It
will be no discredit if we fail. Our bonds are
not due. We have the option of paying them,
but they are not due; and we cannot be called
upon to pay them. We believe our credit is
good enough to refund this loan at a lesser rate
of interest; but do not let as declare before the
world that the task is greater and will be more
expensive than it was when we were laboring
under all the troubles and discouragements of
the rebellion.
I have stated the two points proposed in my
Amendment, and upon which only I wished to
speak; and I cannot close what I have to say
on this subject without again calling attention
to the bill which was introduced in the House
by the present Secretary of the Treasury, and
in this body by the honorable Senator from
New York, w&ich embodied both the propo-
sitions embraced iu my amendment and^which
were indorsed by an overwhelming public sen-
timent from all portions of the country.
Now, Mr. President, one word further. I
said, that I did not intend to indulge in gen-
eral debate, and I do not; but it is well enough
to look at the state of the debt. What is its
state ? According to the last statement made
to us of the six per cents, there are about
eighteen hundred and eighty one million dollars
of them, and in that aggregate are counted the
$97,000,000 which are really in the Treasury :
so that there are about eighteen hundred mil-
lion dollars of six per cents, outstanding. It is
said there are $1,000,000,000 of our debt held
abroad. We all know that in 1862 the six per
cents, were the favorite loan abroad. How
many of the ten-forties have gone abroad I
do not know; but there are only a little over
two hundred million dollars of them altogether.
There being $1,800,000,000 of six per cents., if
we can take $400,000,000 at five per cent, wo
have but $1,400,000,000 left. There are in the
Treasury to-day, as security for the circula-
j tion of the national banks, about three hun-
. dred and twenty million dollars of our bonds;
! and I presume the banks have in their vaults,
j invested iu their business, over twenty-five
million dollars more.
Then, if you take the public institutions, the
savings-banks, the national banks, the insur-
ance companies, and all institutions of that
character which hold your bonds as permanent
investments, I suppose I should not be: far from
I wrong in saying that there are $800,000,000
| more that are already placed under circum*
stances where, if we succeed in negotiating
the first $400,000,000 at live per cent., there
will be very little difficulty in negotiating that
amount also at five per cent., and the margin
of $400,000,000 between $1,800,000,000: and-
$1,400,000,000 would be left for the purpose
of organizing and reorganizing the national
banks. And in regard to reorganizing the
national banks I will say that while I desire to
act toward the national banks in good faith,
and while they have the implied promise of the
Government that their charters shall run far
twenty years if they conform to the terms of
those charters, yet lookingat all the advantages
which have been reaped by the national banks
dunng the period that they have been in exist-
ence, I think they might take bonds at a lower
rate of interest. I know that many of them
went into existence at times when it was very
uncertain whether they were not going to lose
all they invested in it; but looking at the ad-
vantages they have had r L have very littl e-d oubt
after .the experience of the past and in view of
the profits which they have made in banking,
that if it were now proposed to permit new
national banks to be organized to issue cur-
rency in lieu of $300,000,000 legal tender on
bonds at three per cent, interest, exonerating
them from all taxes, in less than six months
every dollar of the $300,000,000 would be
taken up, and then with justice we might re-
quire every one of the old banks havutg the
other $800,000,000 to come in upon ih$ same
terms, • '■ ■ '■
I shall be glad to advocate « il>*ote for any
proposition of that kind ; for i think that what
the country wants, what we need, is to bring
down the rate of interest. We need it hadly.
The payment of high rates by the Government
is crippling the industries of the country.7 The
moment you go to a man to effect   loan for
the purpose of starting a factory or improv-
ing a farm the answer you have got for many
years is, "I will not loan you money at six at
seven percent." "Why?" " Because iget nine
from the Government; six in gold and three
as premium on thegoldor, when it was the
seven and three tenths loan, " I get seven and
three tenth si" While thisrateofinterest on the
part of the Government is kept up, either by
the continuance of our loans or by the banking
system, private enterprise is paralysed, and it
is our duty as legislators to take such meas-
ures here as will reduce the interest on the
public debt, and also reduce the rate of interest
on the current business of the country.
These ends I desire to see accomplished;
and believing that the amendments which I
have snggestedaffectingthe negotiation of these
loans instead of retarding will greatly benefit
it I have presented them in good-fiutitfor that
