1870.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3669
manumitted and restored to freedom and citi-
zenship nearly four million slaves, rescued the
Union from impending ruin, and legislated,
wisely for the perpetuity of free institutions!
it is our duty first to protect our friends before
we surrender to our enemies. We are contin-
ually told that the people of the South have
returned to their loyalty, and in the same breath
we are assured that they are restive and dis-
satisfied over the safeguards we have sought
to place over them, and this restiveness and
dissatisfaction finds amiable (?) expression in
the wholesale murder of Union men, social
ostracism and a reign of terror all over the
land.
The rebel press is a fair index of popular
opinion ; it caters to the popular taste, and is
eagerly sought for, read, and approved by the
sympathizing populace. Even women and chil-
dren share in this morbid appetite and vie with
each other in expressions of indorsement and
approbation. If honorable Senators could re-
ceive and daily read the papers published in the
South in the interest of the so-called Democ-
racy, they could not fail of being impressed
that in every column of editorial, treason, rank
treason is openly set forth, the Government
denounced in every branch, murder demanded
as a necessity, and justification offered for the
violation of law.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thurmax] urges that if the fifteenth amend-
ment is a part of the Constitution of the United
States—and his language certainly expresses
a doubt, if it does not directly charge that it
is not a part of the Constitution—that it is
inofficious and nugatory to provide for its en-
forcement by proper legislation. It must be
understood beyond cavil that the reasonings
of the honorable Senator are based upon the
assumption that the fifteenth amendment is
not a part of the Constitution, or if it is that it
is not so with his consent, and therefore any;
thing that grows out of it or is concerned in it
is to him " bad original."
It is the same old story that has been the
theme from the Democracy ever since the
election of Abraham Lincoln. Everything that
was done to save the Union pending the war
was unconstitutional or offensive to certain
theories of State rights. Since the war it is
preached as the standing sermon, and is ad-
hered to with such ridiculous pertinacity that
Senators of avowed Republicanism waver in
their allegiance, and cry "peccavimus."
First, there was no necessity for a thirteenth,
fourteenth, or fifteenth amendment, say tlje
Democracy. But three fifths of the States say
otherwise, and these amendments have been
ratified and adopted. They are unconstitutional
and contrary to the principles of Government
as instituted by our forefathers, say the Democ-
racy. But the people adjudge the proposi-
tions differently, and say that upon these
amendments depend, the safety of the Union.
Then the'Democracy, through its champions,
discuss the terrible outrages that have been
committed by the people in perpetuating free
institutions, and make stirring appeals to show
how Democracy is always in the right and
Republicanism in the wrong.
The honorable Senator [Mr. Thurman] says
without affectation, (and I believe him,) that
"he is lost in amazement that such a bill as
this should be presented by such a committee
to the Senate of the United States." The
honorable Senator and his party have been lost
in amazement ever since the surrender of Lee,
and they £urn a deaf ear to the pleadings of
Unionists in the South for necessary protection
whereby they may exercise the simple privileges
of citizenship unmolested. The Senator is
shocked that an election is compelled to be held
surrounded by United States troops. The
Union people of the South are also shocked at
this paramount necessity—they lyould prefer,
vastly prefer, peaceable elections and without
the presence of bayonets. These elections
would be peaceable, were it not for the encour-
agement which the Democratic party gives to
rude disorder.
Mr. President, the humblest citizen of this
Union is our master, and we are his servants.
We have a written Constitution and laws, which
guaranty life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness, and this exalted body is partly charged
with the faithful execution of the same. We must
not prove recreant to the trust; and notwith-
standing the eloquent but no less specious
pleas of honorable Senators to the contrary, I
again reiterate my charge that peace does not
prevail at the South, that murder and violence
stalk abroad, unrestricted and unpunished ; an-
archy, chaos, and confusion reign, and "the
end thereof no m^n seeth."
Nothing but the most stringent ofall laws and
regulations will check this era of bloodshed
and dethrone this dynasty of the knife and bul-
let. We hear a great deal said about "respect-
able citizens '' disapproving of these acts ; that
they do not countenance them, and that, there-
fore, it will not do to punish the innocent on
account of the guilty.
Now, Mr. President, these are very pretty
speeches, and to those who are uninformed
will pass almost for gospel. But I assert I can
find at least one hundred of these " good citi-
zens '' who will not hesitate to deplore the cruel
death of Unionists, but who would notrender a
particle of aid to arrest and bring the murder-
ers to justice; who would even harbor and pro-
tect the assassins if necessary, and then take
the first train to Washington, rush before the
Reconstruction Committee, and then and there
make affidavit that mother's milk is not half so
pure, mild, and harmless as public sentiment
in their immediate locality.
From present indications I am forced to
.believe that the American Government is the
only power that neglects to protect its own
citizens at home or abroad. There appears to
be a species of cowardice coming like a film
over the eyes of the body politic. We seem
more prone to diplomacy and political cunning
than to outspoken patriotism. There are even
now many measures of public moment in the
interests of liberty and justice pending before
the law-making power. There is an occasional
voice lifted up in behalf of struggling Cuba,
and then comes an aching void and a painful
silence. Again, an eloquent appeal is made on
behalf of the American prisoners now languish-
ing in English bastiles, and then again silence
reigns as unbroken as that pervading the city
of the dead. All this is done, but no action
follows! It is the era of masterly inactivity
and the halcyon hour of circumlocution.
Revolutions do not quiet themselves so
quickly as some of my honorable colleagues
suppose. There is a demoralization which
inevitably follows war, and to which is added
the pique of non-success and the shame of
defeat. There is a struggle to regain the van-
tage-ground by acquiring power and place, and
to that Molocheverything is sacrificed, includ-
ing the life-blood of the Unionist.
It has been my understanding, derived from
the study and experiences of life, that Govern-
ments were instituted for the protection of the
people, and this rule of natural and national
law is applied directly to republics—the gov-
ernment of the people and for the people.
Therefore I insist that it is the duty of our
Government to especially protect its citizens
in the southern States, for they are in depend-
ent condition, unable to protect themselves.
If the Government cannot protect them, then
it is clear we have no sovereignty which can
be maintained; if the Government refuses to
protect them, then we have but a hollow mock-
ery, a whited sepulcher, a Government but in
name, without mutualityof interest, and which
exacts titles and renders tares.
The question of amnesty has found its way
into this debate and has .been an important
theme of discussion. I had not intended to
give my views upon this question at the pres-
ent moment; but inasmuch as declarations i
pro and con have been made, I desire to ex-
press myself as favoring amnesty to all those
who have the manliness and honesty to solicit
the removal of their disabilities by the law-
making power upon a fair exhibit of their acts,
showing that they deserve this consideration,
and will undoubtedly yield an unqualified obe-
dience to law and support the United States
Government. I have been amongthe foremost
to vote for the removal of disabilities for such
applicants, and refer to the record for proof of
the assertion.
We have been regaled by sophomoric phrases
as regards " amnesty in one hand and the halter
in the other," a meaningless expression, im-
possible upon its face, absurd as a proposition,
and incapable of demonstration. If there were
any sense in theidea, it would be utterly out of
the power of manor Government to give it even
the test of an experiment. For my part it ap-
pears to me time enough to talk of amnesty
when the Kuklux organization shall have ceased
to exist, and everybody, whether exalted or
humble, may enjoy the pursuit of peace and
happiness without molestation.
The honorable Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Sawyer,] in explanation of his sweeping
assertion that the respectability of the South
were swept into the vortex of the rebellion,
makes some notable exceptions of a few indi-
viduals in South Carolina. I assert here, and
can substantiate the fact beyond contradiction,
that large numbers of the mo8t respectable,
influential, and intelligent citizens of the South,
to the " manner born," were always true to
the Union, never flinching in their fidelity to
the flag, and never yielding allegiance to the
confederacy. It is true that their hands were
at times tied and their mouths closed by the
violent action of the revolutionists ; but when-
ever and wherever they could declare their
attachment to the Union they were outspoken.
These respectable, intelligent, and influential
citizens are now largely suffering the ban of
ostracism and persecution for this fidelity to
the country. South Carolina may have had
few such, and being but few, ought not to be
cited as precedent for the statement.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Ferry] asserts that not over fifty thou-
sand people can be found in the seceding States
who can take the test-oath. To exemplify how
speculative is this proposition it i3 only neces-
sary to state that the report of the Adjutant
General of the Army shows that forty-eight
thousand and seventy-two white soldiers were
enlisted in the United States service from the
revolted. States. In addition to this fact, it i3
known to almost every officer who served in
northern regiments that thousands upon thou-
sands of loyal men of the South escaped to the
North and enlisted in northern regiments, and
fought their way back home again under the
old flag, while thousands flocked to the Fed-
eral lines, enlisting in almost every regiment in
the service, as the Army progressed upou the
territory of the enemy. I know .something of
these tacts from personal contact and expe-
rience, and do not indulge in theory, like my
honorable friend from. Connecticut.
And these soldiers were pot the only true
and loyal men of the South; they formed but
a tithe of them. There, were recruited within
and credited to the revolted States ninety-three
thousand three hundred and forty-six colored
soldiers, and over one hundred thousand more
colored soldiers were recruited in addition, and
credited to the quota of northern. States. Those
who remain of this dumber upon southern 6oil,
and who fought for the country as substitutes
for northern citizens liable to draft, seem to
be entitled to high consideration^ especially
from the representatives of those States whose
depleted ranks they filled. These, poor, mal-
treated, defenseless freedmen, wfiOt.after tbey
had rendered signal service as soldiers of the
Union, and had returned to labor near their
old homes, have been made,"the mark of per
secation, violence, and outrage, nmvr appeal
