1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2725
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose the Senator
from Missouri takes the floor now, then he will
liave the floor on Monday and can go on with
his remarks at that tim.e.
Mr. DRAKE. If I can have the privilege
of stating my views on that subject without any
difficulty or disturbance, on Monday. I am pe -
fectly agreed to the arrangement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I hope it will be
unanimously considered as agreed that we shall
begin to take the vote, on Monday at four
o'clock, the Senator from Missouri now having'
the floor upon the question under considera-
tion, and it being understood that lam to have
the right to close the debate as chairman of
the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It isproper
that the Chair should observe that the Sena-
tor from Nebraska [Mr. Thayer] was recog-
nized as entitled to the floor, the Chair under-
standing that he had risen to speak upon the
subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the Senator from
Missouri can speak next after the Senator from
Nebraska.
Mr. DRAKE. I move, sir, that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Docs the Senator from
Nebraska yield to the Senator from Missouri?
I should like to know.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Missouri withdraw his motion to
adjourn?
Mr. DRAKE. To accommodate whom?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator'
from Illinois made the appeal.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
whether there is any controversy between the
Senator from Nebraska and the Senator from
Missouri as to who is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to know what Senator
is spoken about. If I am to find a competitor
for the floor on Monday I wish to know it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. .That is what we are
trying to ascertain.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will call the attention of the Senator from
Nebraska to the fact that a question is put to
him by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. THAYER. There has been so much
conversation that I could not hear the question
of the Senator from Illinois. *
Mr. TRUMBULL. The proposition is that
we proceed to vote on Monday at four o'clock
upon this bill, with its various amendments,
with the privilege of any person who offers a
new amendment not printed speaking five min-
utes upon it 
Mr.. THAYER. I thought the Senator
addressed me an inquiry. . I had heard that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did rise to do so, and
I-will state the inquiry. The Senatorfrom Mis-
souri objected to the proposed arrangement,
but yielded his objection on condition that he
fchould have the floqr when we meet on Monday,
and it was suggested that the Senator from
Nebraska had taken tho floor, and that that
would raise a controversy between the Senator
from Missouri and the Senator from Nebraska.
My question was whether the Senator from
Nebraska would first yield to the Senator from
Missouri, so that we could make the arrange-
in ent.
Mr. THAYER. If I do, shall I have any
opportunity to submit any remarks after that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Immediately after him,
of course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know how long
tho Senator from Missouri will.speak.
Sir. THAYER, I do not know whether the
Senator from Missouri will_ occupy the whole
time until the Senate begin to vote.
Mr. DRAKE. Indeed I shall not. I only
want a compact, small space of time in which
to defend the proposition that the Senate* from
-Illinois denounced as monstrous.
Mr. THAYER. I yield to the Senator, with
the understanding that I can have a short time
after him.
Mr. DRAKE. Then, if it is understood that
I am to havo the floor on Monday at one
o'clock, I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN and others. No, no.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is in order.
Mr. WILSON. I hope it will be withdrawn.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri allow me to say a word?
Mx'. DRAKE." To accommodate any Sen-
ator I will withdraw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. I beg leave to make this sug-
gestion to the Senator from Missouri and to
the Senate. The Senate will recollect the man-
ner in which my State was assailed by a dis-
tinguished Senator who addressed the Senate
on this subject yesterday. I feel an obligation
upon me to say something in defense of my
State. I therefore suggest to tho Senator from
Missouri and also to the Senator from Illinois
that if there is a unanimous understanding that
the general debate shall cease at six o' clock on
Monday, and that we shall continue the session
of the Senate until the whole subject is dis-
posed of, it would allow the Senator from Mis-
souri and myself and everybody else a reason-
able time within which to speak.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Say five o'clock.
The PRESIDING. OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio accept the suggestion of
the Senator from Kentucky ?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir; and upon reflec-
tion I prefer that, because here we have had a
very long speech to-day in favor of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri, and the
Senator from Missouri announces his intention
to speak upon the same subject; and although
he never is tiresome, yet i dare say he will
lake an hour or an hour and a half on that
subject. Not a word has yet been said on the
other side; and I do not propose that this
question shall come to a vote with all tho
speeches on one side of that proposition. I
think, however, that we can agree to come to
a vote at six o'clock on Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a very bad hour,
let me say to the Senator.
Mr. THURMAN. It is a very bad hour, it
is true.
Several Senators. Say five o'clock.
Mr. THURMAN. I am very much afraid
that if you fix it at four, as I first suggested 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Say five o'clock.
Mr. CAMERON. I think six is a'good
hour. ;
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Pres-
ident, I will interpose an objection, if an objec-
tion is required, and move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maryland objects to the arrangement
proposed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let mo ask the Senator
from Maryland if he objects to fixing on Mon-
day at six o'clock?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion that we take a recess at six o'clock on
Monday, when the general debate shall cease.
We could then resume our session at seven or
half past seven o'clock, and continue to sit
until we dispose of the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am anxious to get
this bill to a vote without having the weariness
of an all-night session. I see that there are
several persons, among them the Senator trom
Maryland, who desire to say something. Now,
can we not agree that we shall take the vote
at four o'clock on Tuesday? Would not that
be satisfactory?
Mr. CHANDLER. Say six o'clock on
Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Senators object to six
o'clock on Monday. Would it not be better
for us to agree to four o'clock on Tuesday?
Mr. DRAKE. All right then.
Mr. THURMAN. All right. •"
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will (he Senator-from
Maryland -agree to that?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, sir;
that is agreeable to me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, is it understood
in the Senate that we are to vote at four o'clock
on'Tuesday? [""Yes." "Yes."] . .
Mr. THURMAN. I beg to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
■ inittee to what I am going to say. In all these
cases where there is an agreement to take a
vote at a particular hour, on an important
matter like this, I wish this understanding:
that upon any new amendment unprinted
each Senator shall havo the right to speak five
minutes.
Mr. SUMNER. That is fair.
Mr. THURMAN. With that understand-
ing, it is all right. Of course the chairman has
the right to close the debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ' Senators,
you have heard the proposition made by the
Senator from Ohio, as modified on the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Illinois. Does
any Senator object to. that arrangement ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to make an inquiry
before I assent or dissent. I wish to know
whether the understanding is that no vote shall
be taken until then, so as to regulate other
matters. ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That all
debate shall cease then.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then we may take a vote
before that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is
no objection the proposition wilt be considered
as having been ordered by the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I merely wish to inquire
whether tho understanding with regard to my
position on Monday inheres in this arrange-
ment.
Several Senators. Yes; certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 should like to have it
understood whether any vote is to be taken
before four o'clock on Tuesday, in any event,
on an.y question.
Several Senators. It is so understood.
Mr. THURMAN. There is one thing more
necessary to a perfect understanding, and that
is that the chairman of the committee who
reported this Lull, by usage and parliamentary
right, has a right to close the discussion. Is
it understood that he will begin his speech at
four o'clock on Tuesday?
Mr. HOWARD. He must begin his speech
so as to close at four.
Mr. THURMAN. Then how will he know ?
Mr. HOWARD, lie must be his own judge.
Mr. THURMAN. llis time is not counted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should not want to
interfere with any one who wishes to speak ; it
is possible that I may not speak at all, though
I had intended to say something at the close
of the debate. I think the hour had better
be fixed at three o'clock, so that if I have
any remarks to make I may commence them
then.
Mr. THURMAN. Three o'clock on Tues-
day?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. "
Mr. THURMAN. I am satisfied.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I have any remarks
to make I will make them then.
Mr. WILSON. I desire before this matter
is all arranged to make a suggestion. We are
now precisely where the day before yesterday
I supposed we should be, when I said that I
feared the question would not be taken this
week, when we refused either to fix a time for
a vote or to hold an evening session. Now, I
am very desirous to vote on this question.^ It
is out of my power to be here at four o'clock
on Tuesday. I will not object, however, to
