1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
Mr. SUMNER. I insist on the regular order.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senatoi cannot insist
on the regular order, when this bill has been
taken up by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
called for objection, and no objection was made;
and the bill is now before the Senate, and must
be disposed of.
Mr. KELLOGG. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Senator
from Louisiana will state his question of order.
Mr. KELLOGG. Myfriend,theSenatorfrom
Minnesota, sees fit to argue in front of the
Chair constantly with other Senators. [Laugh-
ter.] I insist that he cannot be recognized
except at his seat. I dislike to make the point,;
I have the utmost respect for my honorable
friend; but I want to hear him from his seat.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the words "express freight."
Mr. RAMSEY. This service is that ot carry-
ing the United States mails, and the proposi-
tion of these parties, in the first instance, was
that the Government should pay them the usual
compensation of carriers of th.e mail. That was
disallowed as being rather extravagant, as it
was thought by the committee; and they came
down to a lower standard, which is that of
express freight. There certainly can be no
objection to that.
Mr. CORBETT. Can the Senator state what
the price of express freight was on that route?
Mr. RAMSEY. I cannot precisely at this
time; but it cannot really be as great by any
means as that of carrying the United States
mail.
Mr. SUMNER. Am I not in order in insist-
ing 011 the regular order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The Sen-
ator is not.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand, according to
all the practice of the'Senate since I have been
here, that I am.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The regu-
lar order was not laid aside informally, as it
might have been, and this bill called up ; but by
unanimous consent this bill was taken up, and
it is now before the Senate.
Mr. FENTON. I hope my friend from Ore-
gon will withdraw his amendment and let the
bill pass. It is simply referring the case to the
Court of Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is all, and no possible
injustice can be done to anybody.
Mr. CORBETT. The bill determines what
rate shall be allowed. In line fourteen of the
bill I move to strike out the words "express
freight'' and to insert1 'other first-class freight;''
so that the proviso will read :
Provided, That the amount to be awarded by said
iiourt shall be upon the basis of the value of carry-
ing other first-class freight of like quantity with the
mails actually carried between the same ports at the
same time.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1069) to aid jn maintaining the Arkansas
Institute of the Blind and the Arkansas Deaf
Mute Institute; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1070)
to amend an act entitled "An act to establish
certain post roads,/} approved July 14, 1862;
which was read twice by its title, referred ^to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the following bills
and joint resolutions :
A bill (H. R. No. 1721) for the relief of J.
Alden Rathbun, postmaster of Mystic Bridge,
Connecticut;
A bill (H. R. No. 2062) to require national
banks going into liquidation to retire their
circulating notes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2244) for the relief of the
Brazil Mail Steamship Company;
A bill (H. R. No. 2350) to discontinue the
Clarksville, Arkansas, land district, and for
the establishment of an additional land district
in that State;
A bill (H. R. No. 2359) to declare forfeited
to the United States certain lands granted to
the State of Louisiana to aid in constructing a
railroad therein;
A bill (H. R. No. 569) to vacate the Fort
Dakota military reservation, in the Territory
of Dakota, arid for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2370) to establish certain
post routes;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 196) for the
relief of J. Edwards Clarke and the heirs and
legal representatives of John T. Peabody,
deceased ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 206) for the
relief of Joseph and Matthew M. Merriman, of
Hartford, Connecticut; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No._ 231) granting
the Evansville and Southern Illinois Railroad
Company the right to build a bridge across the
Big Wabash river.
additional deficiency bill.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to some and disagreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 2369) making additional appropriations and
to supply the deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the Government for the fiscal
years ending June 30, 1870, and June 30,1871,
and for other purposes, asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses there-
on, and had appointed Mr. Hexry L.^Dawes
of Massachusetts, Mr. William E. Niblack
of Indiana, and Mr. John A. Peters of Maine,
managers at the same on its part.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2369) making
additional appropriations and to supply the
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal years
ending June 30. 1870, and June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Resolved. That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the IIousp ot
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Mobmll of Maine, Mr. Cole, and Mr.
Tickers.
jiaiir lixcoln.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, the regular order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 1950) granting a pension to Mary
Lincoln is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. TIPTON. If I am in possession of the
floor I desire to proceed without further inter-
ruption.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Ihe Sen-
ator from Nebraska is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TIPTON. I was remarking yesterday
at the time the Senate went into executive
session  . ,
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission ot the
houorable Senator from Nebraska, I will move
that the pending and all previous orders be put
aside, and that the Senate proceed to thecon-
sideration of the bill for ihe benefit of Mar-
garet P. Rohinson.
Mr. TIPTON. I cannot yield. 1 was re-
marking that cases of this kind had been set-
tled by the people outside ot the Senate; and
I had just come to the point that I desired
to make in regard to the family of Secretary
Rawlins. When the American people under-
stood that that noble-hearted Secretary had
passed away and left his family in a compara-
tively destitute condition they promptly found
the means necessary in order to relieve them
from pecuniary embarrassment. When Sec-
retary Stanton passed away the same meed
was awarded to his family. It was upon this
basis: that where there have been great and
transcendent public services the wealthy and
benevolent people of this country, in every
instance where they thought there was any ne-
cessity, came forward freely and met the wants
of their families. I desire now to make this
point: that if there had been any necessity
whatever in the case of Mrs. Lincoln, whose
petition we are considering this morning, the
people of Illinois would have moved in this
matter long ago on account of their great affec-
tion for Abraham Lincoln.
Several Senators have undertaken to put this
question entirely upon the ground of the grati-
tude of the nation to the late President Lin-
coln ; but whe;> this question was brought be-
fore the people ot Springfield, the place of
his residence, a people who have SkiA an un-
bounded affection for him as that everything
that ever pertained to him is of interest to
them, I cannot for a single moment believe
but that their hearts were ready and willing to
respond, only that they were satisfied that there
was no public necessity, no demand upon them
whatever; and this has had much to do in set-
tling me in the conviction that there is no
necessity for our action here.
It would be an unmitigated slander upon the
people of Springfield, the residence of the late
President Lincoln, for the Senate to take action
in such a manner as to imply that they had
shut their eyes against a case of such great
merit as demands the action of the Senate of
the United States. I cannot consent to allow
the Senate to take such a position as to imply
that they, who idolize the memory of Abraham
Lincolu, had been so stolid, so cold, so heart-
less, as to turn away the suffering widow of
his bosom. This conclusion must be arrived
at, is arrived at necessarily, if we conclude
that we have this duty to perform for that will-
ing, anxious, devoted, loving constituency of
the late President. If a dog were to appear
on their streets to-day that had ever been the
property of President Lincoln, no man, no
boy, would be permitted to perform an act
of indignity toward such a dumb beast. If
the horse that formerly dyew him about the
city was this day offered for sale in the city of
Springfield, Illinois, there would be no con-
stituency and no people allowed to become
the purchaser of the animal; but he would be
held by that people, sacred on account of asso-
ciation. I do not overrate their devotion to
the late President. I say that by their action
they have stamped this claim as unnecessary,
to use no stronger term.
But this case may also be referred to the city
of Chicago. There the lady made her res-
idence before going abroad ; and will you say
that the people of Chicago, the warm-hearted
patriots of Chicago, the men of immense wealth
in the city of Chicago, rivaling the merchant
princes of all other cities of the United States
or of the world by virtue of the enterprises
they undertake, and by virtue ot the glorious
consummations to which they arrive, have ever
turned a deaf ear to a cry that ought to have
been heard and should have been met? No
man will undertake in so many words to do
that; but if there is merit in this case, and if
the people of Chicago, knowing that their citi-
zen had gone abroad to make an appeal to
the Congress of the United States, had not
attended to the case, they would be derelict in
duty and worthy of the indignation and scorn
of the benevolent and patriotic people of the
United States.
But if Springfield, if Chicago stood dumb,
what of the people of the State of Illinois.
