1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4613
must remember that Great Britain can very
quickly build a vessel upon the lakes. One
of the most noted naval engagements of the
last war with Great Britain was upon Lake
Erie. The British Government lias now a fleet
upon those lakes, and can at any time increase
it, lo a considerable extent.
But we do not ask for forts there, because
we know very well that we can defend our-
selves in the same way that the attack may be
made. _ If a ship of the enemy shall come over
lo our side of the lakes forthe purpose of enter-
ing our harbors, we will meet it, with a better
ship. And I say to gentlemen that rny belief
is, and I think such is the belief of the country,
that the sea board is to be defended, not by
forts, but by the Navy of the United States
upon the high seas, and by iron-clads, moni-
tors, and floating batteries in our harbors. I
thought the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. BciiJEltj showed this very clearly and
satisfactorily to the House.
There is, perhaps, a clause, or perhaps there
arc two or three clauses in this bill which
should be retained. I presume there ought to
he an appropriation made for repairs of forti-
fications.
Mr. BEAMAN. We can put that upon the
Army appropriation bill, as we did last year
and the year before.
Mr. BLAIR. My colleague [Mr. Beamax]
says an appropriation for that purpose can
be attached to the Army appropriation bill.
That was the only thing I saw in the bill that
made me hesitate to vote for striking out the
enacting clause of the bill.
Now, if we design to make our appropriations
for this jear as small as they can properly be
made, where can we find a better opportunity
to reduce appropriations than in this matter
/of fortifications? My friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynakd] says that we have skillful en-
gineers. Certainly we have; and we always have
hadskilifnl engineers; and they willalwaysgive
us abundant plans for fortifications, which, if
we should follow, the Treasury would not be
deep enough to pay for all the expenditures
which we would be asked to make for such
purposes. There is room enough, undoubt-
edly, for such expenditures; and it, would be
all well enough, perhaps, to make them, if we
had the money to spare. If gentlemen think
there is money enough for us to spend in every
way that can be concieved, then, perhaps, there
would be no harm in spending ir, in this way.
Stili. I think we had better spend what we can
spare upon our Navy, rather than upon forti-
fications.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. The motion lo strike out
the enacting clause of this bill came from one
gentleman Jrom Michigan, [Mr. Beajiax.] and
perhaps the ablest speech in its favor is made
by another gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Blaw.] Now, it is but a few days since the
House passed an appropriation bill involving
about three and a half million dollars ; more
than double the amount proposed in this bill.
I refer to the bill for the improvement of rivers
and haibors. In that bill Michigan was sin-
gularly well provided for. The entire Pacific
coast had allowed to it but one item of 026,000
oinof three or four millions appropriated, while
the State which I represent had nothing, until
at the last moment I succeeded in getting an
order for a survey of a single river. Against
this Michigan had seventeen different objects
appropriated for. I did not rise and say, '' This
is unjust, lo put seventeen items into this bill,
one after another,for the State ot Michigan.''
The zeal of these gentlemen from Michigan was
not. then enkindled. They did not then say,
"There is no necessity for spending all this
money." They did not then hold that not a
cent should be spent that could possibly be
avoided, and for which there was not immediate
necessity.
One of the items proposed to appropriate
820,000 for Manistee harbor, Michigan, where
ever that may be. I am willing to admit that
my geographical knowledge does not enable
me to locate that harbor exactly ; it is one of
many such items in that bill. But the gentle-
men who oppose this bill to defend sea-board
cities from economical motives did not then
rise and show how unfairly the items of ap-
propriation were distributed in that bill; or
that we could save $150,000 for the improve-
ment of the Ste. Marie falls canal, and the Ste.
Marie river, and so on through seventeen
different items for Michigan. 1 ask gentle-
men to inquire of their own consciences if
there is not a little sectional feeling in this
matter.
Mr. BEAMAN. I did not ask for anyappro-
priation for the State of Michigan in the river
and harbor bill, nor do I ask for any in this
bill, not even for Port Wayne.
Mr. SAIiGENT. I ain willing to admit that
there was one point in my friend's State for
which he did not ask an appropriation. I do
not, know that he asked for any of the seven-
teen appropriations made in the bill for his
State ; but the manner in which Michigan was
treated on that occasion shows that he had but
to ask to receive.
Mr. BEAMAN". Does not the gentleman
know that I did not ask for any of the appro-
priations in that, bill ?
Mr. SABGENT. The Michigan delegation
was, at any rate, well taken care of in the bill,
and a heavy appropriation was made for that
State. I voted for each one of those appro-
priations in the House on the representation
that they were necessary, and I voted in favor
of reporting them in the bill. I have not a
particle of sectional feeling in regard t,o these
expenditures of money, whether they bo for the
center or the circumference of the United States.
I believe that a patriot should have a mind
large enough to recognize the needs of the
whole country and to foster all its interests.
My friends from Illinois [Mr. Jcdi> and Mr.
Fabxswouth] led off very decidedly in this
crusade; yet in the bill to which I am now
referring Illinois receives more money, twice
over, than is proposed to be appropriated for
the purpose of protecting the great harbor of
the Pacific against the assaults of a foreign
enemy, when it is well known that there is not
a single completed fort in that harbor, and
that one which is essential to its defense has
not been even commenced. The State of Ohio
was largely considered in that bill, while my
friend from that State [Mr. Welker] who
makes this motion forgot that he was on a re-
trenchment committee. While gentlemen are
putting their hands so liberally into the Treas-
ury for the benefit of their own particular sec-
tions I ask them to consider also that the sea-
coast may have some necessities, and may need
to be treated with some little consideration.
And yet I do not ask that a dollar be appro-
priated because another one has been. Each
appropriation should stand on its own merits
and be rejected if it can be saved. But I do
not like to see gentlemen voting without ques-
tion for expenditures in their own sections, and
voting against all others, apparently, because
thi^y are not sectionally benefited. Hence, I
have called attention to the silence of gentle-
men on this recent former occason ; a silence
that was not broken, unless, like that of Oliver
Twist, to ask for more.
Now, the plan of this bill is simply to take
those points where there are large cities, or
places largely concentrating property and pop-
ulation. and protect the en-trances to them by
such economical expenditures as may seetn to
bo absolutely necessary under the guide of
modern science. The proposition is not to
scatter our appropriations at various points
along the coast where infantry may be landed.
That would be idle. There is no necessity for
such appropriations along the Si. Lawrence
and the lakes. There are no large cities there
within the reach of guns of war ships, unless
Cleveland may be an exception; and I do not
see how that can be so considered.
Mr. BEAMAN. How about Detroit?
Mr. SABGENT, It is impossible that any
formidable ship could reach Detroit for the
purpose of assailing it; or if that is possible,
let the gentleman move an amendment for the
defense of that point and he will find me
voting for it.
Now, it is said that the Navy at sea must be
the defense of our harbors, aided by monitors
and floating batteries; yet when the naval
appropriation bill was under consideration the
appropriations were cut down below the esti-
mates and the necessities of the service. I
stood here protesting against the reduction, but
gentlemen who then were active in cutting
down appropriations beyond all reason, who
voted for every item of reduction, no matter
how much the public service was crippled
thereby, come here now and say that our har-
bors must be defended by the Navy.
Again, sir, floating;batteries cannot compete
with stationary batteries in the accuracy of their
fire or general effectiveness. The gun of a sta-
tionary battery can do more execution than a
gun ot twice the size if placed upon a vessel,
the motion of which renders its fire necessarily
inaccurate. All scientific engineers agree that
stationary forts are indispensable to harbor
defense, and that no armor-plated vessel can
stand the shock of their ponderous guns. But
the shots of iron-clads fall harmless into the dirt
coverings of modern forts if those coverings
are increased in thickness to correspond with
the weight and velocity of the missile. This
bill is not to build new stone forts, but to thicken
earth coverings and enlarge the area of the
present forts, to make the room necessary for
working the large guns which science has
invented. The expenditures are to be made at
those points which an enemy will the soonest
assail and where the greatest damages would be
inflicted if the assault should be successful.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. BLAIR. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BENNETT. I renew it. I wish to say
but a few words on this question. I voted
against the motion to strike out the enacting
clause; but after hearing the debate on this
subject I wish to call attention to what has
been asked by every member representing any
district located on the lakes—that is, that the
revenue-cutters now owned by the Government
be put in commission. I hold in my hand a
memorial on this subject signed by almost every
man largely interested in the commerce of the
lakes. I have called the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations and
of the committee itself to this matter, and while
I have been treated with courtesy the request
has not received any consideration.
I desire to say that a provision for putting
these revenue-cutters in commission is more
important than appropriations for the forts.
The citizens of Buffalo have asked to have the
grounds at Fort Porter used as a pleasure-
ground. The Secretary of War has not hesi-
tated to approve our request, and this House
has passed a bill authorizing it to be granted.
We desire that, instead of making appropria-
tions for the improvement of fortifications,
this House shall put our naval vessels in com-
mission. They are very useful in protecting
our commerce. We ask ail appropriation of
only $"0,000 for the purpose of putting the
revenue-cutters in commission. Each of those
vessels carries two guns in case of war for the
protection of our commerce.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Chairman, I wish to call
the attention of the House to this bill in one re-
spect not yet indicated, so far as I have listened
to this debate. There is not one dollar appro-
priated in this bill for the protection of any city
unon the southern sea-coast—not one dollar for
