5558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
they who treasure up to-day as among their
richesf. inheritances the memory of the- Pres-
ident so recently departed ? The State of Illi-
nois would have come to the rescue, and that
people never would have allowed the indignity
to have been cast upon them that Mrs. Raw-
lins, Mrs. Stauton, Mrs. Governor Andrew,
and a long list of worthy persons had been
relieved, and they in the State of Illinois had
not had the_ magnanimity to take care of their
own, associated with so many recollections
that were tender and patriotic, ennobling and
elevating.
This case was brought to their attention a
year or two ago distinctly, when the present
applicant undertook to draw upon the sympa-
thies of this nation by offering for sale in the
city of New York apparel to the amount of
$16,000, according to the invoice. Then the
people of Springfield, then the people of Chi-
cago, then the people of the State of Illinois,
then the people of the United States were
appealed to everywhere by newspapers, by cir-
culars, by all appliances that it was supposed
would have weight at such a time as that; but
the whole country stood back and gave no
answer whatever. Their silence meant this:
"There is no necessity for a contribution in
that direction," and certainly no man can put
any other construction upon it. I am not will-
ing, therefore, by any means, to recommend
action here that will imply that there has been
a wanton indifference on the part of my coun-
trymen in this diiection, so benevolent, so
munificent in their gifts wherever they have felt
that there was a necessity.
But you tell me that the evidence of the
present necessity arises from the fact that a
petition has been sent from Germany here;
that we are appealed to from Germany in
behalf of this case. What of that petition?
That petition sets forth that the applicant can-
not live in a style becoming the widow of
President Lincoln. That petition sets forth
nothiug more-than was set forth in the city of
New York, when the appeal to which I have
alluded was made to the people of this coun-
try. Then the declaration was that the appli-
cant was in want of the necessaries of life ;
then the declaration was that unless aid was
given immediately there would be suffering.
But this whole nation heard that appeal, and
declared that on account of some idiosyncrasy, ■
on account of some peculiar notions of style,
necessity, &c., which were not real, it was no
crime in the American people to refuse'to
grant the request.
But, then, on the subject of the necessity
of the case, the Committee ou Pensions were
compelled to look, as far as we were able to
do so, into the facts. We therefore have pre-
sented you a report, a unanimous report of the
committee, which report has been before read
to the Senate. That report sets forth that
there has been donated by Congress to the
applicant the amount of $22,000, which was
the unexpended balance of the President's
salary for the year in which he lost his life.
Those $22,000 were first voted.
Now it is asserted that there is a precedent
for this additional appropriation on the part
of the Senate. No, sir; the precedent was sim-
ply for voting the unexpended balance of the
year's salary, as had been given to the widow
of President Harrison. That precedent was
followed, and $22,000,. on the basis of that
precedent, was voted to the widow of the late
President by act of Congress.
We did not .raise the question then in re-
gard to what might have been distributed by
the administrator of Abraham Lincoln. We
never did that. But when a poor widow come3
before our committee we are required, by the
rules and regulations in such cases made and
provided, if she asks a pension because she
has been dependent on a son that lias fallen
in battle, to ascertain how far that dependency
existed. We have necessarily to institute an
investigation ; and if we come into the Senate
and tell you that we report a bill giving a pen-
sion to a mother whose son died upon the bat-
tle-field, you ask us if she was dependent on
him, and we have to go into an investigation
and ascertain how far she was dependent upon
that son. Her pecuniary condition, therefore,
becomes an object of investigation with us;
and in this case ^ve were to ascertain how far
there was anything like dependency, for it was
set forth in the petition. We desired, there-
fore, to ascertain the character of the depend-
ency.
When the petition asserts that there is a
necessity on account of dependencyit amounts
to only this: not that Mrs. Lincoln holds at all
that she is likely to be in straitened circum-
stances, but she has explained on another occa-
sion and said, " What I mean is'this : I mean
that I have been in the habit heretofore of
giving largely to all such objects of charity as
I thought worthy ; and it is in this behalf prin-
cipally that I feel now that my circumstances
are very limited and circumscribed, because I
cannot give as liberally to all objects that may
present themselves to me as I formerly might
have given." Then we understand what is
meant by pecuniary necessity. First, it is a
necessity to give largely of alms in the manner
that the wealthy might do, in the manner that
a descendant of one connected with a crown
and hereditary emoluments might do. It does
not mean that there is anything like a pressing
pecuniary want on her part individually for the
comforts and necessities and for the luxuries
of life ; nothing of the kind. Nothing of the
kind has ever been sustained by any writing
that has fallen under oar observation on the
subject.
I might go through with this report and incor-
porate it in my remarks, but the anxiety of the
Senate to pass to other business is so great that,
with deference to them, I shall not call for the
reading of the report of the committee, as I
had anticipated doing.
But the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Cou-
bett] and the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] put this claim on the ground of gratitude
to Abraham Lincoln. Mr. President, they can-
not talk to us, they cannot talk to the Senate,
they cannot talk to the American people in
regard to gratitude to the memory of President
Lincoln ; for in the history of the world no such
going out of warm, gushing sympathy toward
any Chief Magistrate has ever occurred. No
such sight has ever been witnessed on earth as
there was witnessed by the bowed-down Amer-
ican nation when, as one weeping and mourn-
ing people, they bowed at the tomb of Abraham
Lincoln. No such tide of sympathy ever before
was known, flowing in from every nation with
which we had commercial relations, whether
by ministers, consuls, or commercial agents.
All nationalities knowing our flag, and honor-
ing it in their hearts, felt sympathy for us in
behalf of our great loss, in the loss of Abraham
Lincoln.
When this question ofgratitude to Abraham
Lincoln was drawn into this debate before, the
Senator from Indiana, who is not now in his
seat, [Mr. Mortox,] said:
" When Mr. Lincoln was slain a funeral the like
of which had not been known in the history of the
world took place. 1 do not know how nrnch that
funeral cost the Government, but I presume it cost
it at least $250,000. Taking into consideration the
cost in the various cities through which it passed it
cost not less than SI,000,000. I know the funeral
arrangements in tile city of Indianapolis, a.« the
corpse passed through, cost the State of Indiana
more than twenty-fire thousand dollars. And it cost
far more m larger cities, New \ ork, Philadelphia,
and other places that raisht be named. Altogether
it cost the Government and the States not less than
Sl.OuO.OOJ."
But, sir, while that cost of $1,000,000 was
never contemplated for a moment by the
American people, we are told here-to-day that
unless we perform all that this bill requires
of us we do an act of ingratitude toward the
memory of Abraham Lincoln. No, sir ; this
is begging the question ; this is undertaking to
shift the responsibility; this is undertaking to
take advantage of the high, honorable, sympa-
thetic natureof the American people, and the
high, manly impulses of the members of the
American Senate to do a thing for which there
is no public or private necessity whatever.
Do you suppose for a single moment that
any man in this nation will believe that the
people of Illinois, that the people of the Uni-
ted States, have allowed this applicant to re-
main in Germany for a year and a half suffer-
ingforwantof the necessaries of life? Isthat
the character of your countrymen—I will not
say mine; for I would not claim, or be willing
to have affiliation with such a wretched race ?
Senators may claim such countrymen; I would
not. Tell me not that after this petition came
to the United States and floated through the
press to every reading man's door, the Amer-
ican people, just rising and not quite yet erect,
with their faces covered with tears, and their
hands imploring God's blessing on the remain-
ing family of Abraham Lincoln, turned away
and declared that it was little to them whether
his widow perished abroad in hunger or not!
Honorable Senators may here undertake to
palm this upon the American Senate and the
American people; but they cannot succeed.
No, sir; every man knows there is no neces-
sity for it. Why, then, are Senators yielding
to it? They are yielding to it, in'my opinion—
I simply assert my own opinion of course—
from this consideration, that when the effort
was made two or three years ago in the city
of New York for the purpose of exciting sym-
pathy, it failed, and it was hoped there was
an end of it; but when it was revived beyond
the waters, they said to themselves, "God
only knows what will come of it if we do not
come down and vote the appropriation. There-
fore, we had better do it; it has come to this,
that we shall hear of it again and again and
again, until we have to' yield; and, perhaps,
we had better yield now, when we can do sc
with more grace than at some other time." I
construe it to mean that, and to mean nothing
else.
But you tell me that communications have
come from abroad which have spoken of hum-
ble tenements and of quiet Democratic, Amer-
ican, unostentatious pretensions, and that,
therefore, there is great humility as the result
of pressing necessities. Why, Mr. President,
that is a part of the programme; that is the
kind of communications which weut through
the papers two years ago. and you can read
them in the files of the New York papers in
the Congressional Library to-day, as I have
done, and see that the same strategy that is
played now from Germany here was played
from New York city over the whole country
then. There is therefore nothing at all in that
claim. Where are the petitions here? Have
not the sensibilities of our people been waked
up yet on this subject? Has Illinois petitioned?
Has Springfield, the home of the martyred
President, petitioned? Has Chicago poured
in her million names, and have myriads come
up from all over this country ? No such thing;
but the question has been left here entirely,
and it has finally come to the Senate in this
bill from the House of Representatives.
Mr. President, if this bill is to be passed I
suggest that it be passed with a preamble in
this form : " Whereas the people of the Uni-
ted States have heretofore done nobly, mag-
nanimously. praiseworthily toward the widows
of officers who have died high in the, confidence
of the people and in posts of public trust, and
have left their families in dependent circum-
stances ; and whereas an appeal was made to
the American people years ago in behalf of
the widow ofPresident Lincoln ; and whereas
that appeal has been reiterated now from Ger-
many ; and whereas the people of Illinois re-
fuse to respond, and the people of the United
States refuse to respond ; therefore, in order
to shame them for their cupidity and for their
want of humanity and kindness, we, the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives of the United
