4614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
Baltimore, Norfolk, Charleston, Wilmington,
Augusta, Mobile, or New Orleans. And I
wish to call the attention of this House also,
in connection with the fact I have just men-
tioned, to the river and harbor appropriation
bill which the gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargent] has referred to, and which passed
the House last week, appropriating over three'
million dollars for the improvement of rivers
and harbors of the country, and to remind
gentlemen that out of the $3,000,000 appro-
priated but $530,000 were appropriated for
the improvement of southern rivers and har-
bors. Now, I take it that the southern coun-
try is part of this Union, and that what is good
for that part is good for the whole. I am sur-
prised that the members from the southern
States do not better look after the material
interest of their section.
Sir, if the southern country is in the attitude
which we are led to believe from the declara-
tion of the Republican party of the two Houses,
these southern fortifications should be put in
the strongest possible position for defense. • The
intelligence of the South, if we believe what
the Republicans say, are in their hearts to-day
rebels still, and if they are, the United States
ought to place their forts in that section in the
strongest possible condition in order to be able
to defend them, whether from attack in the front
or in the rear.
Mr. Chairman, to show how far some of the
Republicans in this House believe the southern
country to be antagonistic to the General Gov-
ernment, I need only refer to a conversation I
had here the other day with a member who had
an appointment of a cadet at the Annapolis
Naval Academy. He, said that his trouble was
to find a boy in his district who had sufficient
intelligence to fill the position, and who at the
same time was not imbued with hatred to the
General Government. Now, sir, if this really
be the position of the southern States—and I
most positively deny that it is—and if this be
the actual belief of the Republican party in this
and in the other House, then why, let me ask,
should they propose, as they do in this bill, to
leave these forts in the South in their present
dismantled condition ? Why should they leave
these forts without adequa-se power of defense
in case a foreign enemy attacked them from
their side, while a disaffected countiy would
uprise to join with them?
Yes, sir; it is a fact that in all these appro-
priations there is not a single dollar appropri-
ated in this bill for the defense of any southern
city; and for that reason I shall oppose it,
unless the Committee on Appropriations shall
agree to insert some provision, at least, for the
defense of our great southern cities.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENNETT, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew it. Now, Mr. Chair-
man, the Committee on Appropriations are
criticised because the appropriations recom-
mended in this bill happen to fall where they
are indicated and other parts of the coast are
said to be treated with neglect. If gentlemen
will take the trouble to turn to the book of
estimates they will see what the engineer de-
partment of the Government recommends in
the way of appropriations for these purposes.
They will see what is the recommendation of
the Secretary of War under the advice of the
chief of engineers. My colleague on the com-
mittee has referred to those recommenda-
tions.
Now, let me say that the committee called
before them the officers of the engineer de-
partment in reference to each one of the esti-
mates submitted to the committee. They
asked them to indicate the relative importance
of each one of the fortifications for which esti-
mates had been submitted, and I have before
me the book in which they marked the relative
importance of every fortification for which they
estimated, marking them 1, 2, and 3. As to
those marked No. 1, they said they were works
indispensably necessary; but as to those marked
Nos. 2 and 3, they could be deferred to some
future time. Every fortification marked No. 1
was put into this bill.
It never occurred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations that it could be objected to any
as being works of a mere local character.
It did not occur to the committee that they
had anything to do with the question whether
these works were in the interior, or on the
outside of the Union, any more than to find
fault with the Committee on Commerce because
they recommended appropriations for the Mis-
sissippi river in the interior of the country, or
for the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, a thousand
miles from the coast, while they left us on the
coast without any appropriations for the im-
provement of our rivers and harbors. We did
not say that we would not vote for the appro-
priation for those great rivers because they did
not happen to run through our district. God
made the rivers to run where He saw fit, and
put the coast where He saw fit.
Considerations of physical geography, and
not any petty, local, blind prejudices governed
the Committee on Commerce in reporting the
rivers and harbors bill, and I trust also gov-
erned the Committee on Appropriations in
reporting this bill.
Let me say a word in reference to the argu-
ment of my colleague on the committee from
California, [Mr. Sargent,] founded on the
large appropriations made for internal, river,
and lake improvements. I for one will ask
no support for this bill upon the ground of that
argument. I make no reference to the fact
that the Committee on Appropriations gave all
their influence to secure the appropriation of
three of four million dollars for the great rivers
and internal commerce of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I ask just a half minute more
to conclude what I have to say on this point.
If any gentleman does not think that the ap-
propriations made by this bill are proper appro-
priations on their own merits, then I ask him
not to vote for it, on the idea of a proper dis-
tribution of the public money. I spurn and
reject any such consideration as that. I would
not ask the House to vote one dollar for forti-
fications on the coast merely because they have
voted $3,000,000 for the improvement of rivers
in the interior. Either votB for the bill on its
merits or vote it down because of its demerits.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am glad to find
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] does not accept the argument of the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent.]
1 do not understand that this bill is intended
to be a distribution of public money among
the several districts and constituencies of the
country, although I know that it was charged
that the river and harbor appropriation bill
was a bill of that character. I do not under-
stand that this bill is intended to be a bone
thrown out to the various districts and local-
ities which it embraces. If that were the idea
of the bill it ought certainly to be defeated.
It seems to me rather that it has been the
idea of the Committee of Appropriations, that
the country cannot get along without giving a
little money for these various forts, and they
appear to have selected, on the principle of
chance as much as anything else, the forts for
which appropriations should be made out of
the long list of fortifications given us in the
estimates of the engineers. The treatment of
this whole matter on the part of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] appears to
me to be very much like a huge joke. Of all
the appropriation bills this is the most unne-
cessary and the most absurd, appropriating as
it does $1,250,000 for what the country can just
as well do without; and my friend from Mas-
sachusetts, with hisusual shrewdness and adroit-
ness, has managed to select a Democrat to
report this bill, and another Democrat,, the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] to ad-
vocate its passage, and thus to shift from the
Republican party on to the shoulders of the lead-
ing Democrats the responsibility of advocating
the passage of the most absurd appropriation
bill that has emanated from the Committee on
Appropriations, and especially the responsibil-
ity of voting some $300,000 to Boston harbor.
I cannot but congratulate the Democratic
members of this House on the position in which
they are placed by the adroitness of my friend
from Massachusetts. I always knew that my
friend was shrewd, but I did not know before
that he could carry through a joke so success-
fully as he has done in this case; if, indeed, it
can be called a joke to take this money and
throw it into the several harbors, when it will
not complete a single fortification, when it will
give no protection to commerce, when it will
not afford defense against a single iron-clad.
I would rather have the earth-works thrown
up by the citizens of Boston and its vicinity in
two days' time, when a real emergency arose
requiring the defense of Boston, than all the
benefit that will be derived by throwing this
money into the harbor. We found during the
last war that the works thrown up in a single
night were the best fortifications; and such
works, with the iron-clads which would go out
to meet the enemy, would be the best defense
for Boston harbor.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. DICKEY. I renew it, with the view
of making a remark or two in answer to the
gentleman from Illinois. In the first place I
will read an extract from the report of the Sec-
retary of War, showing that he recommended
to Congress at the opening of the session pre-
cisely what is now reported by the Committee
on Appropriations. He says:
" As to the fortifications, X urge the appropriations
asked tor the forts near the larger cities uamed m the
report of the General of the Army, to wit.: Portland,
Boston. New York, Philadelphia, New. Orleans, and
San Francisco."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But, Mr. Chairman,
there are other ports than Portland and Bos-
ton and the others mentioned in this bill.
Mr. DICKEY. These are the cities named
by the Secretary of War. The Committee on
Appropriations called before thein the engineer
officers of the Army and asked them which of
these ports were most important and how little
money they could do with at those important
points.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Did the Secretary
of War recommend an appropriation for New
Orleans, too ?
Mr. DICKEY. Yes. sir.
Sir. FARNSWOUTH. Then, why have not
the committee appropriated for that point ?
Mr. DICKEY. Oh, if the gentleman wants
an explanation he shall have it. The engineer
officers told us that if any port was dropped
New Orleans should be until further and proper
examinations and surveys could be made, and
the committee acted on that suggestion.
Mr. ARCHER. New Orleans needed so
much that you gave it nothing.
Mr. DICKEY. It needed so much that the
engineer department was not prepared to say
which of the forts there came within the cate-
gory of requiring an immediate appropriation.
They required a reexamination and survey to
ascertain that point. The Committee on Appro-
priations refused to appropriate for any fort or
fortification unless the engineer department
said that the necessity for such an appropria-
tion was immediate and pressing. We asked
them to select the most important points ; and
as they selected we appropriated, reducing ihe
appropriations to the lowest dollar.
Mr. ARCHER. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if the necessity for defend-
ing New Orleans has not been immediate and
pressing ever since the war closed; and if there
is any defense there now of that great city?
Mr. DICKEY. I can only say to the gen-
tleman from Maryland that I have no personal
