1TS2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9.
purpose; and I do not desire and will not per-
mit any Senator however anxious he may be
to see the bill go through just in the form in
which it has come to us to say that those who
seek to amend the bill are enemies of the bill
and seek to defeat it or to throw discredit upon
the measure. My motives and my intentions
are good in both respects; and I trust my
amendment will be adopted, and that the oper-
ation of this bill will not disappoint me.
Mr. MORRILL, ot'Vermont. Mr. President,
the other day the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayard] took the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] and myself somewhat to task
for making some political allusions in relation
to the position of the Democratic party as it
regards repudiation, and immediately after he
had charged us with such a crime he plunged
into the same fault himself and charged the
Republican party with doing the same thing,
and brought up as evidence the fact that we
had.earried through the measure of the legal
tenders in 1862. That does not prove that the
Republican party were guilty of any repudia-
tion, for wjien some portion of the debt of the
United States fell due the very Secretary who
baa since,as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court,
made & decision against the legal tenders, the
.very Secretary of the Treasury who recom-
mended that act, paid the United States debt
coming due after the passage of that act in
coin. There was no repudiation in that.
Mr. President, we are all desirous of nego-
tiating a new loan at a lower rate of interest.
The simple question is how it can be practi-
eally done. This is to be done by a contract
with other parties. It is not a work of mere
sentiment. No party is going to take onr loan
merely for the love of the country. People
are going to take it from interest and from no
other motive. The question is whether it can
be negotiated at less than live per cent. I
should be glad to soe any evidence of that fact.
I have not yet heard in private.conversation,
and but once in debate, the opinion expressed
here by any Senator that it can be negotiated
at a less rate than live per cent. The Senator
from California [Mr. Cole] intimated that
loans were made at Frankfort at four per cent.,
and at less than that. The Senator should
know that loans are often made in London and
elsewhere at two per cent, and two and a half
per cent. Seven-day bills, fifteen-day bills,
thirty-day bills, will command money for almost
a nominal rate; but no long loan for any par-
pose cut be negotiated at any such rates ; and
1 defy that Senator or any other to show me
that a national loan or that of a corporation
can be negotiated . at Frankfort or any other
spot on the earth at four per cent, or less.
Why, Mr. President, to use the coinage of
the learned Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
SUMMER,] and which my silver-tongued and
learned friend from Missouri [Mr. Schurz]
^aa made current here, itisa " preposterosity,"
though I trust that snch inflated coinage as
this after we Bhall have resumed specie pay-
ments will be banished from the Senate at
least. [Laughter.] .
Mr. President, this bill I do not desire to
attack; I desire that it shall be a success; bat
if all the provisions of this bill remain it will
be solely and exclusively for the benefit of the
foreigner. The foreigner will be able to ex-
change his loans with the Government and
obtain a fire per cent, bond, while we retain
for the home demand only the four and a half
and the four per cent, bonds. I do not desire
to force the American people into such a posi-
tion as that. I will say frankly that 1 prefer
even a six. per cent, loan that shall be taken
by the American people, and the interest an-
nually expended here at home, than to pay
five per cent, abroad. We have sent abroad
already I do not know how many millions of
bonds, variously estimated by our Special Com-
missioner of the Revenue at $1,000,000,000
and by other parties at six hundred and fifty
or seven hundred and fifty millions. Whatever
the sum hiay be, have we received one dollar
of it in coin? No, sir, not ®ne. We have
taken every dollar of it in some sort of foreign
merchandise and commodities which have been
already consumed. Now, for one, I do not
desire to force any more of our bonds abroad
for the purpose of furnishing our people facil-
ities for a larger consumption of these foreign
commodities.
In relation to the various provisions of this
bill granting to the Secretary of the Treasury
one per cent, for negotiating the loans and the
privilege of paying them abroad I think the
Senator from Pennsylvania is unduly alarmed.
I do not desire to defend the house of Jay
Cooke & Co., but I sa^ that they performed a
most efficient service, a service that could not
be obtained in any other quarter at the time of
negotiating our early loans; and I say that it
was done cheaper than any other loan that has
ever been negotiated; and if this loan could be
negotiated by giving this sum outright I would
freely give it, nay, I would give five per cent, at
once if we could place these $400,000,000 at the
long term of years at four per cent., and think
that I was obtaining an excellent bargain.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Ver-
mont allow me?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. If anything that I said conld
be construed into an animadversion upon either
Jay Cooke himself or upon the house of Jay
Cooke & Co. for their agency in negotiating
loans I was misunderstood. I did not intend
to cast any reflection on that house. My argu-
ment was intended to show that they negotiated
the loan under circumstances whentheamount
paid to them could be accounted for by the cir-
cumstances^ and that the same amount ought
not to be paid now. I did not desire to cast
any reflection upon them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The house of
Jay Cooke & Co. had to pay for the bonds in
advance, and then send them to their various
local agents; there was a loss of interest, and
they paid for all the advertising in the news-
papers of the whole country. They took all
risks of transmission—sending and returning.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator at this point only for a moment.
I am willing to do all justice to Jay Cooke and
his house; but I should like to know how Jay
Cooke & Co. were able to pay for those bonds
in advance. They had no great capital; when
they became the agents of the Government
they were poor, and they were not able to do
it. It was the credit of the Government which
they used. They used it wisely, paid well for
advertising, and aroused the public spirit and
patriotism of the country, which took those
bonds. I am sorry to interrupt the Senator;
but 1 could not stand by and allow it to be said
that any individual banker made the credit of j
this country in the time of our peril. It was
the people of our country everywhere.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
will have time after I get through. But if he
will examine he will find what I state to be the
truth, that these bonds were not delivered until
paid for. It is not merely the agency of these
bankers that is to be paid for, it is the cost of
engraving and printing, as stated by the honor-
able chairman of the Finance Committee, and
it is the cost of expressing to the varions parts
of the country. All these expenses combined
are covered by the proposed appropriation of
one per cent.; but whether it amounts to that
sum or one half or one fourth of one per cent.
I have entire confidence that not one dime more
will be expended, whether we appropriate one
half per cent, or one per cent., than is indis-
pensably necessary. Why, sir, these bankers
would gladly take the agency for one eighth per
cent., or even one sixteenth per cent., stripped
of all other expenses, and therefore if these
rates are to be retained in the bill I am for
giving the Secretary all the advantages he
claims in order that he shall have no excuse if
the loan should fail.
But, Mr. President, I do not think that the
Senate of the United States ought to defer so
much to the opinion of any one man as to sur-
render their own as to the feasibility, the prac-
ticability of negotiating this loan. All will con-
cede that it would be disastrous to make the
attempt and fail. I understand in the first
speech of the chairman of the Finance Commit-
tee that he expressed his doubt, something more
perhaps than a doubt, as to the practicability
of negotiating this loan at less than five per
cent.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the Senator will allow
me, I should like to have him show how he
makes it appear that it would be disastrous to
propose to borrow money at four and a half
per cent., provided the proposition was not
accepted. If it should turn out that the money
could not be borrowed at four and a half per
cent., but could be borrowed at five, would it
not be an easy thing for Congress to provide
for borrowing at five per cent ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is as plain
as a pike-staff that if we do not succeed this
year we lose what we might have made if we
had negotiated the loan at five per cent. We
pay six instead of five. I maintain that we
can negotiate the loan at five per cent., and
that we cannot for less. If we do not make
the loan of course we lose the percentage for
the coming year, and besides that we go into
the market next year with our credit somewhat
sullied from having failed the previous year.
No man's credit is as good after having failed
once, or having his paper once refused, as it
would be if he had not failed nor had his paper
once refused.
The proposition which I propose to make is
to raise the rate to five per cent, in all of these
sections. That will give us one uniform loan
at five per cent., with only a difference in the
time as to which the bonds are to run; and I
believe that if the sentiment of the Senate can
be reached that will be done. I have no doubt
of it if each Senator shall act upon his own
individual judgment.
The last section of this bill will only have to
be changed, if this shall be done, by striking out
in the second line the words " section three
of," leaving the amount of notes to be retired
to be funded in any bonds provided in the bill;
and the proviso of the eighth section I shall
move to strike out. Then if this be done the
fifth section, which seems to be obnoxious to
all sides of the Senate, would be unnecessary,
and I should willingly consent to have that
stricken out.
But those of us who desire to make money
cheap ought to be willing to allow the banks
we propose to authorize under the section that
authorizes free banking to be so organized that
they shall not demand a high rate for any paper
that is brought for discount to such banks.
Under this section, providing that they shall
only have bonds bearing a rate of four per
cent, interest, as I said on a former occasion,
it will be utterly impossible for bauks in the
interior, where only six or seven per cent, at
most is allowed, to live and conduct their busi-
ness at any rate in a manner to be remuner-
ative.
I do not think it is quite fair or honest that
we should compel these banks to accept of a
security that will be less valuable than that
they now have, and which the Government
holds for the redemption of their bills. If you
say that the banks have not been taxed enough
tax them more, but leave their securities whole,
so that none of the parties who now have their
investments in banking institutions shall have
cause to complain of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. A large share of the funds in these
institutions is held by minors, by widows, and
by persons who cannot take care of their busi-
ness themselves; and it is not just to them
that we should force these banks to accept of
a security that is worth a great deal less than
that they now have, nor is it safe to the bill-
holders of the country, for there may arise
