768
APPENDIX' TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May'26,
41st Cong....2d Sess
Laws of the United States.
liam Pollard, late an assistant engineer in the
Navy, to the place from which he was dis-
missed.
Approved, April 12, 1870.
No. 35.—A Resolution for the Belief of Brig-
adier General Gabriel R. Paul, of the Uni-
ted States Army.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Brigadier General
Gabriel R. Paul shall receive the full pay and
allowance of a brigadier general in the Army
of the United States, that being his rank when
wounded, and on which lie was retired.
Approved, April 12, 1870.
No. 38.—Joint Resolution to construe an Act
entitled "An Act to amend an Act entitled
'An Act to confirm certain Private Land
Claims in the Territory of New Mexico.' "
Seitresolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of an act
approved February twenty-fifth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-nine, and entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to confirm cer-
tain private land claims in the Territory of
New Mexico,'" as requires that derivative
claimants under Vigil and St. Vrain shall
establish their claims to the satisfaction of the
register* and receiver of the proper land dis-
trict within one year from the passage of said
act, shall be so construed as to authorize the
presentation of such derivative claims within
one year from the completion and approval
of the subdivisional surveys contemplated by
said act oftwenty-fifthFebruary, eighteenhuu-
dred and sixty-nine.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That all
settlers entitled by said act to the rights of pre-
emption or homestead shall have the further
time of thirty days, after notice in their favor
of their respective claims, to file their declara-
tory statements as preemptors or to make entry
under the homestead laws, as they may select.
Approved, April 28,1870.
No. 44.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
GeorgeS. Atkinson, late Assistant Quarter-
master of Volunteers.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of ihe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department, in
adjusting the accounts of George S. Atkinson,
late assistant quartermaster of volunteers,
credit and allow him the sum of two thousand
forty-three dollars and one cent, the proper
vouchers forwhich sum were lost and destroyed
at Mobile, Alabama, in May, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, by the burning and destruction
of the Government vessel "Kate Dale."
Approved, May 4,1870.
No. 45.—Joint Resolution to enable the Court
of Claims to hear and determine the Claim
of E. Diekelmau, a subject of the King of
Prussia.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the claim of E. Diek-
elman, a subject of the King of Prussia, for
damages for an alleged detention of the ship
"Essex" by the military authorities of the
United States, at New Orleans, in the month
of September, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, be, and is hereby, referred to the Court
of Claims, for its decision in accordance with
law, and to award such damages as may be
just in the premises, if he may be found to be
entitled to any damages.
Approved, May 4, 1870.
No. 46.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
James L. Ridgely, Collector of Internal Rev-
enue for the Second District of Maryland.
Be it resolved by tie Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the accounting officers thereof,
be, and they are hereby, authorized in the set-
tlement of the accounts of James L. Ridgely,
collector of internal revenue for the second
district of Maryland, to credit him with the
sum of sixteen hundred and seventeen dollars
and seventy-five cents, internal revenue stamps
stolen from his office, if it shall appear that
said loss was without fault or negligence on
his part.
Approved, May 4, 1870.
No. 51.—A Resolution authorizing the Issue
of Clothing to certain Enlisted Men of the
Fourteenth Regiment of Infantry.
Resolved by the, Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized to issue cloth-
ing in lieu of and equal in value to that lost
by those enlisted men of the fourteenth regi-
ment of infantry whose quarters in Ash Bar-
racks, Nashville, Tennessee, were destroyed
by fire on the night of the fourth day of Decem-
ber, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine.
Approved, May 5, 1870.
No. 52.—A Resolution authorizing the Presi-
dent to strike from the Rolls of the Army the
Names of certain Officers.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President be, and
he is hereby, authorized to drop from the rolls
of the Army Lieutenant W. Barnhart, first lieu-
tenant fourth cavalry, and W. J. Patterson,
first lieutenant fifth artillery.
Approved, May 5, 1870.
No. 5G.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Roswell Jf. Shurtleff, of New York.
Be it resolved by the Senateand ITonseof Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, required to audit and pay to Roswell
M. Shurtleif, of New York city, as first lieu-
tenant and adjutant of the naval brigade and
union coast guard, organized in May, eighteen
hundred and sixt.y-one, by Colonel Washington
A. Bartlett, of New York, the pay and emolu-
ments of first lieutenant and adjutant, for mili-
tary service rendered by him without having
been mustered into the United States service,
from May fifteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, to July twenty-third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, deduetingtherefrom the amount
received by him from the United States as a
prisoner of war at Richmond, Virginia.
Approved, May 0, 1870.
No. 58.—A Resolution forthe Relief of certain
Officers of Volunteers.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in every case in which
a commissioned officer or enlisted man was
detached from his regiment in pursuance of
orders from the War Department, and directed
to report to Brigadier General Daniel Ullman,
in New York city, with a view to being mus-
tered as a commissioned officer in the brigade
which General Ullman was authorized by the
War Department to raise, and who actually
reported in New York, without neglect or delay
on his part, and under orders from his superior
officers entered on duty as a commissioned offi-
cer, and was afterward actually mustered, but
by reason of there being no legal vacancy, or
from other cause beyond his control, and with-
out his own fault or neglect, was not mustered
in as a commissioned officer of the date he re-
ported at General Ullman's headquarters, the
War Department, after an examination of the
facts in each case, shall allow him full pay
and emoluments for the rank to which he was
assigned, and in which he served, from the date
on which he reported at the aforesaid head-
quarters, deducting therefrom all pay, allow-
ances, aud emoluments actually received for
such period ; and in case of the death of any
such commissioned officer or enlisted man prior
to or after muster or after honorable discharge,
his heirs or legal representatives shall be enti-
tled to the pay and allowances of the rank in
which such commissioned officer or enlisted
man actually served, deducting all pay and
allowances received by him or them for such
period.
Approved, May 7, 1870.
No. 61.—Joint Resolution for pay of one
year's Salary to the executors of General
John A. Rawlins, for the benefit of his
Family.
Beitresolvedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of ihe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and is hereby, directed to pay,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to the executors of the
estate of General John A. Rawlins, late Sec-
retary of War, (for the benefit of the family
of said Rawlins,) one year's salary as Secre-
tary of War, less the amount paid to him as
salary prior to his death.
Approved, Moy 11, 1870.
No. 64.—A Resolution authorizing Lieuten-
ant Commander Arthur A. Yates, Surgeon
Albert L. Gibson, Passed Assistant Surgeon
Charles II. White, and Assistant Surgeon
Jerome IT. Kidder, of the United States
Navy, to accept Decorations from the King
of Portugal iu recognition of Humane Ser-
vices.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That Lieutenant Com-
mander Arthur A. Yates, Surgeon Albert L.
Gibson, Passed Assistant Surgeon Charles H.
White, and Assistant Surgeon Jerome H. Kid-
der, of the United States Navy, be, and they
are hereby, authorized to accept the decora-
tions tendered them by the king of Portugal,
in recognition of humane services rendered by
them to an officer of the Portuguese navy.
Approved, May 26, 1870.
No. 05.—A Resolution to authorize the Pay-
ment of the full Salary of Alvm P. Hovey,
as Minister in Peru, without deduction on
account of absence from his post.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Alvin P. Hovey,
envoy extraordinary and minister plenipo-
tentiary of the United States in Peru, who has
been absent frotn his post as a witness in a
judicial proceeding interesting to the United
States, be paid the full amount of his salary,
notwithstanding such absence, and the same
shall be paid out of any money in tlie Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated,
Approved, May 26, 1870.
