1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3671
by the same narrow rule of construction, that
there is no power to do anything; it must all
be left to the States.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. It would seem from the
drift of the Senator's remarks that he includes
ine as one of those who take the ground which
ho is now assailing. I do not wish to occupy
the time of the Seuate at this late hour; but I
ought to say, in response to the challenge of
the Senator from Indiana, that that is not pre-
cisely my position as I endeavored to state it.
My position was this: that the fifteenth amend-
ment operates upon the United States and upon
ibe States; that the fifteenth amendment oper-
ates to make invalid and void any legislation
of the United States or of any State that is in
couflict with its provisions. That is the pri-
mary effect and operation of the amendment.
I said, if it does operate upon persons it can
only operate upon such persous as are officially
related to the United States or to the States,
and who, under color of some statute or ordin-
ance of the United States, or of a State, un-
dertake to infringe the fifteenth amendment.
That was my position.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I understood
the Senator substantially that way, and I sug-
gest that hia explanation does not vary mate-
rially my statement. I understood the Senator
to take the position that this amendment oper-
ates upon the constitutional powfer of Congress
aud upon the power of the State, denying the
power to pass any law abridging the right of
suffrage, but that it does not operate upon in-
dividuals as such. He makes this explanation,
that if it does operate upon individuals, which
1 do not understand him to admit even now,
it would be because they were operating under
color of some United States law or a law of
some State. That brings him back to the
same position. 1 state the position as being
iu conflict with that which we intended by
that amendment, to place the colored man
upon the same footing, with regard to suffrage,
that the white man occupies, and to give to
Congress the power necessary to enable him
to enjoy it fully; and that involves the exer-
cise of the power upon individuals. I repeat
again, and it mast be fresh in the recollection
of most members of the Senate, that the de-
bates upon the adoption of that constitutional
amendment will show that it was adopted with
that understanding and spirit. I never heard
the construction that has been given to it
in the argument on this bill, that it operated
only upon States as municipal corporations and
upon the United States. I never heard that
position taken, I believe, throughout the long
and interesting debate which took place on the
passage of the amendment. I never heard it
until to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
ROY in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to make an inquiry.
If this amendment be adopted and substituted
instead of the House bill, will it then be amend-
able?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate at this time is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] not now in his seat. That is an
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. WILLEY. That is an amendment to
the amendment of the Senator from Nevada?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
If that is adopted it will still be open to amend-
ment.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to amend the amend-
ment of the Seuatorfrom Nevada, but I do not
care to do so now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendmeut of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Let us have
the yeas and nays on that.
Several Senators. Oh, no ; let us have a
division.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Very well;
I will withdraw that call and ask for a division.
The question being put, there were on a divis-
ion—ayes 20, noes 14 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CASSERLY, (at twenty minutes to
twelve o'clock, p. m.) I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, no.
Mr. CASSERLY. I make the motion. I
suppose I have a right to do it. There is no
quorum here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. CASSERLY. And on that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 36 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Davis, Fowler, Hamilton
of Maryland, Johnston, McCreery, Stockton, Tliur-
man.and Vickers—9.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Carpenter,
Chandler. Cole, Corbett. Cragin, Flanagan, Hamlin,
Harlan, Harris, Howe, Howell, McDonald, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Ross, Sawyer,
Soott, Spencer, Stewart, Suinner, Thayer, Warner,
Willey, Williams, and Yates—36.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron. Cattell, Conk-
ling, Drake, Edmunds, Fen ton, Ferry, Gilbert, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Howard, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of
Vermont, Norton, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Sherman, Sprague.Tipton.Trumbull.and Wilson—27.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to submit an amend-
ment, to be inserted as the fifth section of the
bill, in place of the one that has been stricken
out, and with the permission of the Senate I
will read it myself.
• Mr. WILLIAMS. The amendment of the
Senator from Ohio has not yet been disposed of.
Mr. MORTON. I thought it was.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No; there was a division
called for upon it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us divide again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
quorum in the Senate at this time, and the
Chair will put the question again.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to have the pend-
ing question stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is on the adoption of the
amendjnent moved by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I guess that had better
be read. I believe it has not been read yet;
at any rate, not more than once.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have that amend-
ment read. I am very certain that Senators
cannot be aware of its character, or it never
could have obtained twenty votes, as it did
awhile ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio will be reported,
as modified.
The Secretary read the amendment, as mod-
ified, as follows:
And be it further enacted. That if at any election
for Representative or Delegate in the Congress of
the United States any person shall knowingly per-
sonate and vote, or attempt to vote, in the name of
any other person, whether living, dead, or fictitious;
or vote more than once at the same election for any
candidate for the same office; or vote at a place
where he may not be lawfully entitled to vote; or
vote without having a lawful right to vote; or do
any unlawful act to secure a right or an opportunity
to vote for himself or any other person; or by force,
tbr^fit, menace, intimidation, bribery, reward, or
offer, or promise thereof, or otherwise unlawfully
preventany qualified voter of any State of the Uni-
ted States of America, or of any Territory thereof,
from freely exercising the right of suffrage, or by
any such means induce any voter to retuse to exer-
cise such right; or compel or induce, by any such
means or otherwise, any officer of an election, in any
such State or Territory, to receive a vote from a per-
son not legally qualified or entitled to vote; or inter-
fere in any manner with any officer of said elections
in the disoharge of his duties; or, by any of such
means or otherwise, induce any officer of an election,
or officer whose duty it is to ascertain, announce, or
declare the result of any such election, or give or
make any certificate, document, or evidenoe in rela-
tion thereto, to violate or refuse to comply with his
duty or any law regulating tho same : or knowingly
and willfully receive the vote of any person not en-
titled to vote; or refuse to receive the vote of any
Person ontitleil to vote; or aid, counsel, procure, or
advise any such voter, person, or officer to do any aet
hereby made a crimt*, or to omit to do any duty the
omission of which is hereby made acritne, or attempt
to do so, every such person shall be deemed guilty
of a crime, and shall for such crime be liable to in-
dictment in any court of the United States of com-
petent jurisdiction; and on conviction thereof shall
bo punished by a fine not exceeding $300. or by im-
prisonment for a term not exceeding three years, or
both, in the discretion of the courl, and shall pay the
costs of prosecution.
_ And be it further enacted, That if at any registra-
tion of voters for an election for Representative or
Delegate in the Congress of the United States any
person shall knowingly personate and register, or
attempt to register in tho name of any other person,
whether living, dead, or fictitious; or register, or
attempt to register, at a place where he shall not be
lawfully entitled to register; or register, or attempt
to register, not having a lawful right so to do ; or do
any unlawful act to secure registration for himself
or any other person; or by force, threat, menace,
intimidation, bribery, reward, or offer, or promise
thereof, or otherwise, unlawfully prevent or hinder
any person having a lawful right to register from
duly exercising such right; or compel or induc-e, by
any such means, or otherwise, any officer of registra-
tion to admit to registration any person not legally
entitled thereto; or interfere in any manner with
any officer of registration in the discharge of his
duties; or by any such means or otherwise induce
any officcrof registration to violate or refuse to com-
ply with his duty, or any law regulating the same ;
or knowingly and willfully receive the vote of any
person not entitled to vote, or refuse to receive the
vote of any person entitled to vote; or aid, counsel, pro-
cure, or adviso any such voter, person, or officer to do
any act hereby made a crime; or to omit any aet, the
omission of which is hereby made a crimo, every such
person shall bo deemed guilty of a crime, and shall
be liable to indictment and punishment therefor, as
provided in the first section of this act for persons
guilty of any of the crimes therein specified.
And be it further enacted, That if any person shall
by force, threat, menace, intimidation, or otherwise
unlawfully prevent an/ citizen or citizens from as-
sembling in public meeting, to freely discuss or hear
discussed the claims or merits of any candidate for
the office of Representative or Delegate in Congress,
or of any officer of the Government of the United
States; or the laws or measures of Congress, or any
measure existing, pending, or proposed, affecting
the Government of the United States, or any Depart-
ment or officer thereof; or if any person shall by
any such means break up, disperse, or molest any
such assemblage, or molest any citizen in or of such
assemblage, every person so offending shall be
deemed guilty of a crime, and shall be liable to in-
dictment and punishment therefor, as provided in
the first section of this act for persons guilty of any
of the crimes therein specified.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, it is eighty-
one years since this Government went into
operation. During that period almost every
party that has existed in the country has at
some time or other been in the ascendency in
these Halls; but never until now was such a
proposition as that made in the Congress of
the United States. For eighty-one years this
people went on in a career of prosperity, of
liberty, and of constitutional law 
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Ohio allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. THURMAN. I beg the Senator not to
interrupt me in the middle of a sentence—
without any human being supposing for an
instant that such a proposition as that amend-
ment could receive the sanction of an Amer-
ican Congress. But now, sir, within thirty
days of the adoption of the fifteenth amend-
ment, or the proclamation of its adoption, on
the bill to enforce the fifteenth amendment,
this proposition, which has no more relation
to the fifteenth amendment than it has to the
solar system, is introduced here in the last
hours of a night session, and the American
Senate is asked to adopt it.
Mr. President, I do not know what this bill
is to become. I do not know how much is to
be carried under it. I do not know how much
this love of the colored race, or, as I believe
it, this struggle for negro votes; I do not koow
how much that proposition, that expectation,
and that desire, are expected to carry with
them. I know they will carry a great deal;
but I trust there is still enough of reflection in
the American Senate to prevent their carrying
such a proposition as this. • It is in no wise
germane to this bill; it has nothing to do with
this bill; and unless you want to make this
a perfect omnibus bill this amendment, which
