1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1783
circumstances whea this security would not be
equal to the redemption of their outstanding
circulation.
How, Mr. President, I hare indicated all
that 1 desire to say at the present time in rela-
tion to the amend tueiits which I shall propose
to this bill, and it simply turns on raising the
interest to five per cent. 1 have a letter re-
ceived this morning from a gentleman, who
whea he was a member of this body gave espe-
cial attention to linanoial subjects, aud whose
opinion was considered as valuable as that at
least of any other member, and he says:
" I do not for a moment entertain the belief that
bonds bearing a lower rate than fire per cent, can
be negotiated. I think all effort to that end will be
fruitless. I should not as matters now are make the
attempt."
When it is in order I shall move the amend-
ments I have indicated.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, it is with
great diffidence that I would say anything on
a bill of this kind, because it has received the
attention of the Committee on Finance; and
my own opinion is that that committee have
given it a more intelligent attention than those
persons can give to it who are not on the com-
mittee; and I have generally conceded when
that committee reported soch a bill that it was
well matured, and it was at some hazard that
any person who had not even studied the ques-
tion ever proposed an amendment. But, with-
out making any remarks oa the bill generally,
I want to call the attention of the chairman of
the committee to what may have escaped his
notice, or what perhaps more probably is not
well understood by myself. I refer now to a
provision in the third section. Thatseetion pro-
vide! for the' issue of $400,000,000 of twenty-
forty bonds at four per cent, interest. Then
it says that the Secretary of the Treasury may
dispose of them either in the United States or
elsewhere at not less than their par value in
oein. 1 understand that; but it goes on, " or
at the discretion of the Secretary for United
States notes.:' I want to ask the chairman of
the committee if there is there anything that
gives him the power to contract onr currency,
whether be can retain these United States notes
that he is able to sell these bonds for, without
giving the national banks the same quantity of
circulation,and thus contract the currency—a
process which we have been fearing in behalf
of the country?
Mr. SHERMAN. I answered that question
before when put by the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Mortox.] Under the operation of this
bill, as I should like to have it, any holder of
a greenback might convert it into a four per
cent, bond; but it was feared—a fear that I
think is entirely groundless, or so remote that
it need not be guarded against—that too many
of these notes might come into the Treasury
for four per cent, bonds, and therefore it was
thought better to give the Secretary the power
of suspending this fundingoperation. That pro-
vision of this bill) which already has a healthy
effect upon the money market of the country,
is the provision restoring to the greenback the
right to be converted into a bond. 1 do not
intend to offer any amendment, though the bill
does not meet my views in all respects, but I
should like some Senator to move to strike out
the discretion given to the Secretary in this
section, and I would vote for that amendment
with great pleasure. It may be that in this
process these notes may accumulate in the
Treasury. 1 do not think so.
Mr. POMEROY. Is it safe to allow the
power?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would be very willing
to vote for an amendment requiring the Sec-
retary to cancel the greenbacks when they are
floated into four per cent, bonds. But the
Senator would not agree with me in that. I
would let the Secretary pay off any equal
amount of the debt of the United States.
, Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ohio,
like myself and several others, has' contended
here that when we funded the greenbacks in'
this way there - should - be an equal amount of
national bank currency issued, so that the vol-
ume of currency in the country should not be
interfered with. This is a departure from what
I understood to be the policy of the Commit-
tee 011 Finance in reference to another meas-
ure whiGh they lately had before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Practically I do not think
any mouey will be funded under the third sec-
tion of the bill except in cases where the pos-
sible depreciation of the greenback may be
great, as in the case of the panic last Septem-
ber in New York. Then the opportunity of
floating greenbacks into four per cent, bonds
would entirely have prevented the whole oper-
ation of the September panic.
Mr. POMEROY. My own desire is to keep
our currency as even and as destitute of fluc-
tuations as possible. I have voted here to
acquiesce in a measure that would prevent there
being any increase of the volume of currency.
Mr. CORBETT. I would like to suggest to
the Senator from Kansas whether the proviso
in the third section does not prevent the fund-
ing to any extent of the greenbacks, except as
the amount of taxes that maybe collected shall
be over and above the necessary expenses of
the Government. In case we should collect
taxes to the amount of $25,000,000 over the
expenses of the Government, the greenbacks
might be funded to that extent, but not over
and above the taxes that may be collected
beyond the necessary expenses of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the very thing I
was speaking of. They can contract the cur-
rency to that extent.
Mr. CORBETT. To that extent they may.
Mr. POMEROY. That is, to a considerable
extent; that is, to an extent that I fear.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senator whether
the increased price of the currency, its increased
purchasing power, now amounting to perhaps
one hundred million dollars over what it did a
year ago, will not compensate for that? I
think it will to some extent.
Mr. POMEROY. My only point was to call
the attention of the Senate to the fact that I
thought there was a power there put into the
hands of the Secretary, who will use it with as
good a discretion as anybody I admit, but a
power there which the committee themselves
did not intend to giw the Soeretary ;■ one, at
least, which I fear somewhat in its practical
effects on the country. I would suggest a
proviso to go in there in these words:
Provided, That the retiring of the United Statee
notes in the bonds provided for in this section shall
not proceed to any greater extent than an equiva-
lent in national currency issued to national banks
under the provisions of law.
If that proviso could be inserted there I
should be satisfied, because it is in harmony
with the action of the Senate on previous bills
and what I supposed to be the policy of the
Committee on Finance.
There are two other points in the bill that I
have had difficulty in understanding, or at least
in agreeing to^ 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the Senator submitting that amendment attd
taking the vote of the Senate on it.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall submit it at the
proper time.
Then there is one feature of the bill which
looks to me like a violation of contract. That
is contained in the section relating to the na-
tional banks. They have bought bonds and
paid for them and hold them, 1881s perhapB.
This bill goes to those banks and tells them,
"Now, if you will surrender those bonds and
take a cheaper bond you may continue your
banking; but if you will not surrender them,
then we will shut up your business." That is
the effect of that section.
Mr. SHERMAN. No.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I do not understand
the effect of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the operation of
the bill any bank may take out the 1881s or
any other bonds they desire, and substitute in
their place from time to time any sort of bonds
provided for in this act.
Mr. POMEROY. I was speaking on the
supposition that everybody preferred 1881s;
and that if a bank had 1881s, as they are worth
most, it would prefer to keep them.
Mr. SHERMAN. They can take the 1881s
and keep them if they choose, or sell them in
the market; all we hare to do is to make our
banking uniform.
Mr. POMEROY. But the point is that they
have got to dispose of them in order to con-
tinue their business; and I ask the Senator
whether he thinks he has the power to do that?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think so.
Mr. POMEROY. Suppose I had' these
bonds, has the Senator the power to come to
me and say. "Give them up before they are
due?" '
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator was enjoy-
ing a franchise, a privilege at my discretion, I
could make him do what was right.
Mr. POMEROY. But suppose I have a
franchise under the law; I hold it under an
act of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is subject to the will
of Congress.
Mr. POMEROY. But Congress has no will
that can forfeit my rights in it. You cannot,
by law, forfeit what is vested either in a cor-
poration or an individual. There is a sort of
immorality, it Beetns to me, in farcing a cor-
poration or an individual who has a valuable
bond to give it up for a four or a four and a
half per cent, bend, or else tell him he shall
not continue his business. The Senator re-
plied to me a day or two ago on that point by
saying, "Well, let them give it up; somebody
else will go to banking." In reply to that I
have to say that if the regularly organized in-
stitutions cannot afford to bank undera change
of securities how can a new institution ? What
good is it to destroy the old institution for the
sake of making* new one? So far as I know,
the old institutions are as good as the new dan
be. I do not yet see what right we have before
onr bond becomes due to say to any party
that has bought and paid for it-that lie shall
dispose Of it. I thins there is at doubt about
twl which throws a Sort of cktod over the
ifhole transaction.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Kansas that this bill proposes to do •
no such thing. It does not propose to take
these bonds away from the men who own them,
but it proposes to say that they shall not bank
any longer upon that particular class of bonds,
but shall adopt another class of bonds as the
basis for banking. They can take their bonds
and use them as they please. Congress does
not interfere with their ownership of thebofrds
at all; but Congress proposes that Ifthi# con-
tinue to bank, and make promts in that way,
they shall do so in a ttifttter prescribed by
Congress. That is all there is about it. But,
sir, I dislike TW^'mueh at this time to hear
this plea of vested rights set up for these batiks,
as though they had a right, a vested right un-
derbuy legislation of Congress, to make fifteen
or twenty per cent, profits on their business,
infinitely more than other people can make in
the s«ne way.
Mr. POMEROY. I have nothing to do with,
banks; but I insist that the banks have got
some rights as well as individuals, and' their
rights are to have whatever the law has given
them; their rights are in the law, and you can-
not take them away.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can change the law.
Mr. POMEROY. You can change the law
without changing their status. After all the
courts will decide whether they have rights.
An act of Congress cannot decide it.
I said I would not make any general remarks
on the bill. I only want to add a word to what
the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] said
about selling our bonds abroad. If I thought
they could not be sold any wherle else, anxious
