4610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
no utility for the object proposed; that with
such an amount the Department could not
undertake to place in position some of the large
guns which it is "desired to place at this fort.
Therefore, unless we could consent to give him
the $55,000 asked for in this amendment there
was no use to make any appropriation at all.
In view of that representation the Committee
on Appropriationsauthorizes me to move this
amendment, and to ask for its adoption by the
House.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Fort Delaware, Delaware river, Delaware,
$18,500.
'Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, this is also
a fort near the city of Philadelphia, and the
same representation was made to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations as was made in reference
to the preceding one. We were told that unless
$37,000 were appropriated there would be no
use in making any appropriation at all. In
view of that representation, the Committee on
Appropriations have instructed me to strike
out "$18,600" and to insert in lieu thereof
"$37,000."
Mr. WELKER. Allow me to ask whether
the appropriation in the forty-eighth and forty-
ninth lines, for construction of sea-coast mortar
batteries at existing defensive positions, does
not include this work'!
Mr. NIBLACK. No, sir.
Mr. WELKER. I understand the increased
amount is for the purpose of mounting some
heavy guns.
Mr. NIBLACK. For the purpose of mount-
ing some large guns.
Mr. WELKER. Heavy guns that are to
take the place of the light guns that now are
there.
Mr. NIBLACK. Yes, sir; guns requiring a
great deal more space.
Mr. WELKER. Does the gentleman think
it necessary to put heavier guns there now?
Mr. NIBLACK. If we are to have any
guns there at all it is best we should put some
there which would be of service. The ones
there now are of no sort of service. We are
advised that if we appropriate anything less
than $37,000 it will be of no benefit.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For construction of sea-coast mortar batteries at
existing defensive positions, 475,000.
Mr. WELKER. I move to strike out that
appropriation, and I do so for the purpose of
inquiring of the gentleman from Indianawhere
those defensive positions are, and where they
propose to erect these sea-coast mortar bat-
teries?
Mr. NIBLACK. There is no particular point
indicated in the bill and no particular point
indicated by the chief of engineers.
Mr. WELKER. It is a large sum to appro-
priate without knowing where these batteries
are to be erected.
Mr. NIBLACK. A great improvement lias
been made within the last few years in the use
of mortar batteries. These inortar guns are
fired with much more precision than formerly.
In resisting the attacks of iron-clads mortar
guns have been found to be efficient. The
most indefensible portion of an iron-clad ves-
sel is its decks, or the upper portion of it. These
mortar guns shoot their balls or shells up into
the air and they fall on the top of these iron-
clad vessels, and with the precision with which
those guns can now be used they are considered
the most efficient for this purpose. This appro-
priation is for experiments with sea-coast mor-
tar batteries and for the purpose of placing them
at existing defensive positions. The appropri-
ation is not as much as the engineer depart-
ment asked for, but they have consented to get
along with this much.
Mr. WELKER. Does the gentleman think
it is a good time now to appropriate so large a
sum for experiments?
Mr. NIBLACK. I think it is, if they can be
proved to be the most efficient arm for resisting
iron-clads.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveys for military defenses, WOO,000.
Mr. WELKER. I move to strike out that
appropriation. I presume its object is to exam-
ine and ascertain proper points for the erec-
tion of new defenses, and I appeal to the com-
mittee whether this is a proper time to expend
so large a sum for such a purpose. Having
appropriated for existing fortifications to the
extent we have in this bill, I do not think we
ought to provide for surveys for any new works.
Sir. MAYNARD. If the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Welker] will allow me, I would
suggest a question to him, whether he does not
think it would be good economy to employ our
good and practiced engineers on work of this
kind? We have men who have come out of
the war qualified by all the teachings of the
■war to make a military survey of the country,
and to leave on record at the War Department
a plan of coast defenses which we might not
wish to execute justnow, buttheplan ofwhich
might be left there as the result of their expe-
rience for the benefit of this country when it
might be necessary to make those defenses.
Mr. WELKER. In reply to the gentleman
from Tennessee, I think it is a bad time now,
when the dangers which he apprehends of
foreign invasion are so far distant, to spend so
large an amount of money on speculative sur-
veys. We have already constructed and com-
pleted, or commenced, a very large number of
fortifications along our borders. At almost
every place where it has been deemed import-
ant by military gentlemen for purposes of de-
fense there has been a fort either commenced
or completed, or in process of building; and 1
think it is a bad time now to make this appro-
priation with the view of undertaking more
works of the same character.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-
man, knowledge is power. I think there can
be no more economical expenditure than that
of having proper surveys of our coast. This
has always been the policy which has been fol-
lowed up since the foundation of our Govern-
ment, and I think that the expenditure here
proposed is small enough for developing that
kind of military knowledge. We ought to have
a good survey of all our coasts. We should
have the most thorough information with regard
to all the points where we can make proper
defenses. I do not agree with the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Welker,] that the present is
not the proper time for this work. I do not
believe that we can feel certain of being so far
from any difficulty as to render this unneces-
sary. I believe we may get into a difficulty
with Spain. I believe that the sentiment of
this House is really, notwithstanding the vote
which was lately had, in favor of according
belligerent rights to the insurgent Cubans.
And we are told by gentlemen that this is going
to bring us into war with Spain. Spain, it is
well known, has a powerful navy, and if there
is any prospect of difficulty with that Power
we want surveys made, especially along our
southern coast, to prepare for any military
defense that may be necessary.
Let me advert to one more point, Mr. Chair-
man. The gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Archer,] in antagonizing this bill, attempted
to create a sentiment against it upon the ground
that it made no appropriation for the South.
I claim that this item looks toward surveys in
the South more than anything else. The gen-
tleman alluded to the river and harbor bill,
which he said only appropriated some two hun-
dred thousand dollars to the southern States
out of a total of $3,500,000. In making that
statement he was very much mistaken. There
was an appropriation of $300,000 for improving
the mouth of the Mississippi river; an appro-
priation of $80,000 for the Tennessee river;
$5,000 for the St. John's river, Florida; and
$20,000 for Galveston harbor. In all, there
were appropriations for the South amounting,
to $705,000. There was appropriated alto-
gether, for the improvement of the.Mississippi
river, $906,000, all of which tends to carry
trade down the river toward New Orleans and
other southern ports. I claim, therefore, that
in that bill the South really had appropriations
connected with this interest to the amount of
$1,500,000, to say nothing of the share which
Kentucky had of the $300,000 appropriated
for the Ohio river. I think that that bill made
a fair distribution, and that it affords no ground
for creating any feeling on that account against
this appropriation bill, which I believe to be
fair and just.
Mr. ARCHER. I will say to the gentleman
from Minnesota that if he looks at the river
and harbor appropriation bill, as printed, after
theamendmentsof the Senatehavebeen made,
he will find in it no such sum3 as those he has
named.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I speak of
the bill of the House, which we propose to
stand by.
The question was taken on Mr. Welker's
amendment, to strike out the paragraph.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill and amendments to
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Orth
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to the order
of the House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particula.rly the bill (H.
H. No. 1883) making appropriations for the
construction, preservation, and repairs of cer-
tain fortifications and other works of defense
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, and
had directed him to report the same back to
the House with sundry amendments.
Mr. NIBLACK. I demand the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. RANDALL. And on that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (S. No. 346) for the relief of Mary A.
Coolidge;
A bill (S. No. 462) for the relief of John
Somers Smith, on account of diplomatic ser-
vices at the city of San Domingo^*,
A bill (S. No. 491) relating to the supreme
court of the District of Columbia:
A bill (S. No. 552) for the relief of Captain
John A. Wilcox;
A bill (S. No. 665) for the relief of William
H. Harman;
A bill (S. No. 754) to incorporate a zoolo-
gical society in the city of Washington ;
A bill (S. No. 781) to amend an act entitled
"An act fixing the compensation for the bail-
iffs and cricrs of the courts of the District of
Columbia," approved February 22, 1867 ;
A bill (S. No. 785) to incorporate an asso-
ciation for the prevention of cruelty to ani-
mals in the District of Columbia:
A bill (S. No. 868) for the relief of Reuben
Grindle; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 94) for the
relief of J. R. Clark.
tortificatiox bill.
The question recurred on the motion to lay
the fortification bill on the table, on which the
yeas and nays had been demanded.
