2728
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE
April W,
eminent 51,000,000 on this post office, tiie cost
of which had been estimated at *$4,000,000. A
provision has been attached tothis'bill making
it unlawful to expend one dollar more than
$3,000,000 in the completion of the New York
post office. If that hurts the feelings of my
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] I am
sorry for him, but not for the Treasury.
I will now yield for three or four minutes to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
FiELD] near me.
Mr. ItANt>ALli. Allow mo to answer th§
gentleman by a word.
Mr. DAWES. Well, a word.
Mr. RANDALL. My feelings are not at all
hurt, nor are those of the gentleman; for I see
the same outrage is committed in connection
with the Boston post office.
Mr. DAWES. The same outrage upon the
gentleman's feelings is committed in regard to
the Boston post office.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman cannot
escape by facetiousness.
Mr. SCOFIELD. What I wish to say has
reference to the form of making this report
rather than to the report itself. I was somewhat
surprised that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Mobgax] should have supposed it possible
ever to understand a report of a committee of
conference. The fault is not in the committee,
but it is in our rules, which we inherited from
former Houses and have nursed and shaped
in the same direction ever since. Everything
about our rules, the very form of a committee
of conference, seems to be arranged with refer-
ence to withholding from the House, which is
to wet upon the matter, all knowledge of what
the committee may have done. I attempted
some lime ago to get a little reformation in
this respect, or rather to prevent bills going to
a committee of conference at all; but that
attempt was ineffectual. Almost the only
chance we have to judge whether a report of
a committee of conference should be voted up
or voted down is by observing who are the
men composing the committee. I have always
great confidence in the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] unless in a matter
having something to do with League Island,
and then I have less confidence in him. But
upon all other. questions I have, from the
time of my earliest acquaintance with him in
this House, found him advocating the most
economical andcorrect measures. Hence when
I find him, as a member of a committee of con-
ference, reporting certain recommendations I
usually, unless they have some reference to
League Island, vote to adopt the report. And
until we reform our rules, until we change the
form of making reports from committees of
conference, the only guide we can have for out-
votes upon ^such reports is the integrity and
fairness of the gentlemen composing the com-
mittee.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Bbtleb.]
ill-. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I desire to call the attention of the
tlouse to what I think is an anomaly connected
with this matter. There came before the
House a deficiency bill, providing, among other
things, for expenditures upon certain public
works during the remainder of the present
fiscal year ending the 30th of next June. Upon
the question how much should be expended
during this period the two Houses disagreed,
.Jid appointed a committee of conference.
Now, this committee of conference has report-
ed—I will not say whether properly or improp-
erly—not only upon what should be expended
daring the present fiscal year, but what shall
be expended during the next fiscal year. In
other words, the committee went into a con-
ference upon a deficiency bill, and came out
with a report upon an appropriation bill for
the next fiscal year. They were appointed to
"g'-ef; if they coald as to appropriations neces-
sity to carry on the Government for the fiscal
year 18G9-70. They present a report embrac;
ing appropriations judged to bq necessary for
carrying on the Government for the fiscal-year
1870-71. Now, the effect, of this is that it with-
draws from the House and from discussion in
the House the whole question of what shall be
expended in the future. I do not wish to say
whether the committee have made a proper or
an improper disposition of the matters em-
braced in the report. But the effect is that we
cannot discuss in Committee of the "Wljole oj:
elsewhere what shall be done with reference to
these future expenditures of the Government.
I do not agree with my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofield] that the rules are to
blame for this. I think the rules require that
a committee of conference shall report on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses, not upon
what the two Houses have never agreed or dis-
agreed about. The question was never before
the House in connection with this bill, how
much should bo expended in New York or in
Boston next year, or the year after, or what
should bo the aggregate cost of buildings now
in progress and likely to bo for some years.
The question was how much was necessary to
carry oh certain public buildings during the
present fiscal year. Thereupon the committee
of conference come in with their report pro-
posing to raise from $200,000 to $500,000 the
appropriation for the Boston post office, and
from $400,000 to SI,000,000 the appropriation
lor the New York post office. These increased
amounts, as the committee frankly say, are not
necessary to bo expended during the present
fiscal year. The report further provides how
large these buildings shall be; and we have
also a provision entirely unusual in connection
with a matter of this bind, that these post
office buildings shall be erected under the
supervision of the Postmaster General. There
is no more reason why the Postmaster Gen-
eral should have the supervision of the erection
of a post office than that the Attorney General
should have the supervision of the erection of
a cqurt-hquse.
These art the questions which the committee
deal with and report upon; and this, too, while,
as I understand from the newspapers, this
whole matter as to the erection of these build-
ings, the proper expenditures to be made upon
them, &e., is under the examination of a com-
mittee of this House. I have designed to refer
only to the peculiar method of proceeding pur-
sued by the committee of conference in this
case. I trust the House will not sanction it,
unless it deems it a proper mode of procedure.
I hope this report will berecommitted, that we
may have a report upon the matters on which
the two Houses disagreed.
Mr. DAWES. While the main argument
of my colleague [Mr. Butler, of Massachu-
setts] is correct, that nothing is submitted to
<1 committee of conferenco cxcepfc disagreeing
votes, yet the conclusion which he draws with
reference to the particular item under consid-
eration does not follow at all; because the
action of the committee of conference upon
the disagreeing votes was confined to matters
incident to those votes and founded on those
voles, and attached to and inseparable from
those differences. Those differences were
upon j,he amount to bo expended on the
New York post office during this year. The
House said they were willing to expend, with-
out limitation, $400,000. The- Senate said
they wore willing to expend $800,000 without
limitation. Now, the House would not agree
to expend $800,000 without limitation, nor
would the Senate agree to expend $400,000
without limitation, but they both said they
would agree to expend $1,000,000 with such
limitations as would make the Treasury safer
with $1,000,000. with limitations, than with
$400,000 or $800,000 without limitations. It
tended to the matter about which there was
difijjrence between the two Houses, and by way
of compromise this limitation was attached.
While what ljay .eoil«agup has, ,-j^ true
in reference to a great infijiy repprjt% pjt con-
ference eommittoes Wjiicji jis lias jwell
as myself-upon {hia.very disagreement ^out
which this (jigcusfion. wgp had,' there neter
was ope so free from, ?ritiqisn> slq tjsjs-report.
I now yield,fo the gentleman /rota JUiuois.
M-r. .PARNSWOHTIL Mr. Speaker, 1 .de-
sire to say a word on the-subject of; .the New
York and Boston post offices. , I agtee.with.ths
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
who submitted this report from the committee
of conference, that a committee of confer-
ence has unquestionably discretion over the
matters involved in the disagreeing votes be-
tween the two IJouses. Here, unquestionably,
the committee of conference had discretion as
to the amount of this money—ho,w,it should
be spent, and under what limitation it should
be spent. There is no question about it. It
has been done by every committee of confer-
ence since I have been a member of Congress.
The committee have increased/largely the
items for these buildings in New York and Bos-
ton, recommending for New York $1,000,000
and for Boston $500,000, with a proviso and
limitation forthe entire cost of thes^ two build-
ings, and requiring tiie Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the Postmaster General ..fo see to it
that contracts are made with the lowest pos-
sible bidders for the completion of those
buildings. Now, Mr. Speaker, that is what
we want; that is what the Government wants ;
that is what the people want. They want to
know how much money they will have to ex-
pend for these buildings. And in this connec-
tion I will send to the Clerk's desk an extract
from the report of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads made yesterday, giving
the opinion of that committee of the amount
those buildings should cost; and I .may say the
recommendation of that committee there sot
forth is substantially carried out by this com-
mittee of conference.
The Clerk road as follows:
It seems very plain to the committee that these
granite contracts, in connection with the other ex-
penditures mado upon the buildings under consider-
ation, very greatly exceed, in both coses, theamounts
appropriated when the contracts and expenditures
wero made. It is in this view that Congress is now
urged to make additional appropriations of &1,000,000
for the present year for tho New York building and
8-100,000 for Boston, and we aro told that the Govern-
ment will be subjected to great loss and damages if
these appropriations are not made
In this connection attention is called to the follow-
ing statute ol the United States:
[Public.—Ho. 83.]
An act making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies m the appropriations tor the servicfe Of the Gov-
ernment, lor the fiscal year ending Juno 30*
and for other purposes.
Sec. 3. And ha it further enacted. That hereafter no
contract, shall be entered into for the erection, repair,
or furnishing of any public building, or for any pub-
he improvement whatever, which snail bind tho
Government to pay a larger sain of money than tho
amount m tue Treasury appropriated lor the spo-
cilin purpose. And if any officer of the tiovcrnmfmt
shall knowingly contract for the erection, repair or
iurnisuing ot any public building, or lor any public
improvement, which shall bind the Government to
pay a larger amount than the speciiic sum aporo-
priated tor sucn purpose, such officer shall be deemed
fciulty ol a m isdemeanor, and upon eon vie tion thereof
>yi,courtol competent jurisdiction shall bepuni&hed
by imprisonment not less than six mouths nor more
than two years, and shall pay a fine of $-2,000.
; 1 ' '■
Appro \ ed, July 25,18US.
.It is difficult to find a more palpable or flagrant
violation ol tnc spirit and intention, if not the let-
ter, 91 a, law.
If it is possible to so construe the contracts a,sthat.
they shall not violate tho letter ot that statute itwill.
still be very evident that, if carried out, they defeat
and violate the plainly-expressed will of Congress.
In the opinion of the committee a building in New
x 01-11, m alt respects suitable and ample lor the p r-
should not now cost to ex*-
cqcd^^.o0J,000, and could be erected and completed
witlnu that sum. Tnat amount exceeds the esti-
mate made by Mullet for a granite buildins in 1863
over three hundreu thousand dollars.
J he building in Boston should not cost over one
nnjltnn dolla:.-, k;r a. tkst-class fire-proof building,
- and !■■ -i- Jor the purpose o± its construe
