5560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
said that we shall not have another case. Is
there not one already existing? If we pay a
pension in this case, why should we not pay a
pension to Mr. Seward or to his family? Was
he not sorely and most brutally stricken down,
and did it not for a very long period, as we all
know, remain extremely doubtful whether he
would live or die? Was not the remnant of
his days made painful and sorrowful by his
unparalleled affliction ?
Mr. SUMNER. Is he in needy circum-
stances ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir; nor
is this lady. She had a very handsome fortune,
as the report of the committee shows, and we
also added_ to that to the extent of nearly a
year's presidential salary.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the Senator aware that
there was a contribution a few days ago in
Philadelphia by private citizens for her benefit?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That may be;
and I have no doubt that this lady, like many
others, would receive contributions from Phila-
delphia or from any other source, and con-
tinue to do so till the end of time if they were
proffered.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say to the Senator
that it was by persons familiar with her pres-
ent condition and needs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. T am per-
fectly aware that this bill has got to pass, and
I merely desired to say thus much to place
myself properly 011 the record.
Mr. TIPTON. I must be permitted to say
to the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cameron] that Mr. Lincoln's estate
divided §110,000; and any Senator who talks
about the poverty of the infant son ought to
know that the income of that son's Govern-
ment bonds is $2,000 a year, which would keep
that child at Yale College until there should be
lost in the flood of ages each bard and song
and story. There is a perpetual income of
§2,000 a year on §30,000 which belongs to the
child.
Mr. FOWLER. I offer an amendment to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the
bill, and in lieu thereof to insert—
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and ho is
hereby, authorized to pay to Mary Lincoln the sum
of $25,000.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TIPTON. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That there be allowed and
paid the sum of twenty-five dollars a month to Jerry
Gordon, who lost both his less by reason of wound?
received while in the service of the United States as
a teamster.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will not
press that.
_Mr. TIPTON. I see no other chance to get
this unfortunate man a pension.
Mr. SUMNER. Bring it up after this is
over.
Mr. TIPTON. It has been reported by the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER. Bring it up after this.
Mr. TIPTON. If I can be permitted to
bring Gordon's bill before the Senate imme-
diately after the vote on this bill, 1 will not
press it as an amendment now ; otherwise I
feel in duty bound to do it.
Mr. CONKLINCr. We can make no bar-
gain of that sort-
Mr. SUMNER. We will do as well as we
can.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was read the third time.
Mr. SA ULSBURY. I think the most grace-
ful thing that can be done with this bill is to
lay it on the table. I make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware moves that the bill be laid on
the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CARPENTER. On this question lam
paired with my colleague, [Mr. Howe.] If
he were here I should vote "yea," and he
would vote " nay."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am paired with the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thormah] on this
question. If he were present he would vote
"nay," and I should vote "yea."
Mr. ANTHONY. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds.] If he were here I should vote
" yea," and he would vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Ames, Buckingham,Came-
ron, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, denton, Harris, How-
ard, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Nye,
Osborn. Pomoroy. Ramsey. Rice, Sawyer, Schurz,
bcott, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Tram-
bull, Waiuor, ami Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Borem&n, Casserly, Conk-
ling, Oragin, Davis, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton ol Texas, Johnston, McOroery,
Morullof Vermont, Pratt,ltoss, Saulsbuiy,Stockton,
Thayer, Tipton, and Willey—20.
ABSliNT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow,Carpenter,
Cattell, Drake, Edmunds, t'errv, Flanagan, Hamlin,
Harlan, llowo, Ilowell,Lewis, Morton,Norton, Pat-
terson, Pool, Revels, Robertson, Spencer, Thurman,
vickers, Williams, and yatesr-24.
So the bill was passed.
POUT OF DELIVERY AT HOUSTON, TEXAS.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to make a report
from the Committee on Commerce, on a matter
of some significance and concern to members
of the lower House. It is a bill (EL R. No.
21G0) to create a port of delivery at Houston,
Texas. The Committee on Commerce unani-
mously recommend that it pass. It is a bill
of only ten lines, and I ask that it be consid-
ered at the present time. It will take but a
moment.
By unanimous consent,the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 2160) to create a port of deliv-
ery at Houston, Texas.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
RICHARD It. PEEBLES.
Mr. KELLOGG. I report from the same
committee House joint resolution No. 349, and
atthe instance of a member of the other House,
and as an act of courtesy, I should like to have
it acted 011 now. It has passed the other House,
and I presume there will be no objection to it.
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
Mr. KELLOGG. It is a bill of only four
lines. The Secretary of the Treasury recom-
mends it in a letter.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is right, let us pass
it, but not on the ground of courtesy. I with-
draw the objection if the Senator wants to pass
it; but if he proposes merely to do an act of
courtesy, I object.
Mr. KELLOGG. I want to pass it.
Byunanimousccnsent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the joint resolution (II. R. No.319)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
settle the accounts of Richard II. Peebles, of
Austin county, Texas, late collector oftlieport
of Galveston, Texas. It proposes to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to adjust and
settle upon a proper and equitable basis the
accounts of Richard R. Peebles, late collector
of the port of Galveston, Texas.
Mr. TR PMBULL. That is a very dangerous
kind of bitl. I do not know but that it may
be proper : but just such a bill as that passed
here some years ago to alloy; a person by the
name of Fisher to settle a claim, to which 1
think the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
has lately called attention. The claim was ior
the destruction of some corn down in Alabama,
occurring some forty-odd years ago, for which
$12,000 was claimed originally. We paid some
sixty-odd thousand dollars, and then it was
referred to the Secretary of War to adjust upon
equitable principles, and he allowed $66,000
more. At the next session of Congress, Mr.
Edwards, of New Hampshire, found out about
it and got a resolution through both Houses to
stop the payment of the money; but at this
session we have had it up again ; but the Sen-
ator from Kentucky got hold of it and exposed
it the other day. Now, here is a joint resolu-
tion to allow a claim to be settled upon just
and equitable principles. We ought to know
what such a case is, either by a report or some-
thing else, or there should be some limit to the
amount. I remember that when the Fisher
case passed the Senate some years ago I ob-
jected to it because there was no limit to it;
and it was stated by a Senator from Missis-
sippi, I think, on this floor at that time, that
the amount would not exceed $3,000. I asked
then to have $3,000 put in as a limitation.
" Oh, if you put in $3,000," it was said, " the
Secretary of War will be sure to allow that
amount, and we do not think it will amount to
that;" and so they would not allow the $3,000
limitation to go in, ana the Secretary of War
allowed $GG,000!
Mr. KELLOGG. I suppose the Senator
from Illinois does not mean to liken that case
to this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know anything
about this case, nor does the Senate ; but here
is a proposition to allow somebody's claim to
be settled 
Mr. KELLOGG. It passed the House yes-
terday on a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is no reason why
it should pass the Senate. If there is a letter
from the Secretary, let us hear it.
Mr. KELLOGG. Let it pass over informally,
and I will send for the letter.
The PRESIDEN V pro tempore. The joint
resolution will be passed over informally, no
objection to that course being made.
message fbom the iio0se.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions of the Senate
without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 1018) authorizing the estab-
lishment of water-meters for the Potomac
water, the laying of an additional water-main
from the distributing reservoir of the Wash-
ington aqueduct, and for other purposes ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 215) granting
condemned ordnance for a soldiers' monument
at Providence, Rhode Island, and at Bucks-
port, in the State of Maine;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 243) in regard
to grading the streets in the vicinity of the
Capitol;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 247) directing
the Secretaryof War to place atthe disposal
of the President certain bronze ordnance to
aid the erection of an equestrian statue of
General John A. Rawlins; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 233) author-
izing the Secretary of War to donate certain
buildings to the St. Aloysius Relief Society of
Washington, District of Columbia.
The^ message also announced that the House
passed the following bills, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (II. 11. No. 1898) to provide for in-
ventories and accounts of the property of the
United States in the public buildings and
gi'ounus belonging to the United States in the
District of Columbia ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1224) donating for school
purposes a certain lot of land, with the build-
ings thereon erected, known as the Old Indian
Dotmitory, in the village of Mackinac. Michi-
gan ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1300) to provide for the
teports of the receipts and expenditures of
