3672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
the mover of it has not seeu fit to stay here
and defend, ought to be cast out, and to stand
on its own merits.
But, sir, that is not all. This amendment
is offered here without ever having passed the
House of Representatives, or witnout ever
having been considered by any committee of
the Senate. You are asked here, at the hour
cf midnight, to adopt an amendment which no
committee of the Senate has ever considered,
which nobody iu the Senate has considered.
You are asked to adopt this amendment, going
into the most sacred rights of the States and
of the people; to adopt an amendment the
necessity for which, if there is any, equally
existed eighty years ago, and yet which no
statesman, no lawyer, no politician for eighty
years ever thought of proposing to the Ameri-
can Congress. You are asked at the hour of
midnight to adopt this long amendment of
three sections, without the slightest considera-
tion by any committee whatsoever of this body.
That is legislation for you! That is legislation
touching the rights of the United States, of
the States, and of the people! That is legisla-
tion indeed, to propose such a thing as this at
this hour, and to ask the Senate to vote upon it!
Mr. President, I appeal to the Senate to jus-
tify the truth of what 1 say when I declare that
the few Democrats on this floor have never on
any occasion whatsoever sought by any unjust
means, by any indirect means, by any means
of delay whatsoever, to prevent the majority of
the Senate from carrying the measures that were
acceptable to that majority. We have argued,
as we were bound to do if we had the least
self-respect, if we had the least respect for our
constituency, agtfinst measures which you pre-
ferred, but to which we were opposed. 1 sub-
mit that we have done that like men. We have
never sought to delay measures by dilatory
means or by any dilatory process whatever.
When you have demanded night sessions we
have acceded to them. When you have required
YOtes to be taken at a particular time we have
acceded to your wishes. We have never sought
to delay you. We have never sought to do any-
thing but exercise our rights. And now I put it
to you if it is just, if it is magnanimous, if it is
right in you to force such a proposition as this
at the hour of midnight upon the American
Senate without any chance to discuss it at all?
If the majority here shall do it, it will be simply
the triumph of the brute force of numbers
against the reasoning powers of the Senate.
Sir, I hope, for the credit of the American
Senate, that it will not be done. We were ad-
vertised of no such proposition as this. Last
Monday the Senator from Nevada asked the
Senate to pass by all other orders and take up
the bill, to do what? To enforce the fifteenth
amendment. The Senate had scarcely ac-
ceded to his desire before he moved an amend-
ment to enforce the fourteenth amendment.
That struck us with something of astonishment.
"We thought we were to act upon a bill simply
to enforce the fifteenth amendment; but that
bill was hardly before the Senate before the
Senator introduced an amendment to enforce
the fourteenth amendment. After a day or two
the Senate laid his bill by and took up the House
bill; and now we have a proposition, not to en-
force the fourteenth amendment, but to go upon
a wholly different proposition and upon a per-
fectly ridiculous and absurd interpretation of
that provision which authorizes Congress to
regulate the times, places, and manner of hold-
ing elections of members of Congress. I say
it upon my responsibility as a lawyer and a
man, upon.a perfectly absurd and ridiculous
interpretation of that provision we are asked
at midnight to vote three sections on this bill,
though no lawyer, no statesman, no man in
his senses for eighty years ever thought that
appropriate legislation or permissible legisla-
tion by Congress.
Senators, 1 askyou under these circumstances
to agree to the proposition that I have to make
to you. I do not believe we should sit here
six dajs in the week, especially when we are
to sit until midnight again and again. We
ought to have Saturday to ourselves for rest,
for recreation, for business outside of this"
Chamber. I propose to you now, by unani-
mous consent thatyouadjournoverto Monday,
and that at three o'clock on Monday we
vote 
Mr. SUMNER. That is a good proposition.
Mr. THURMAN. That at half past two
o'clock on Monday the floor be given to the
Senator from Nevada, who has this bill in
charge; that he be allowed to close the debate
in a speech which will end at three o'clock,
which will give him half an hour, which I
understand to be all he desires—and if he
desires more I am perfectly willing to accord
it to him—that then on all new amendments
each Senator may speak five minutes for or
against, and that on Monday afternoon we thus
dispose of this whole subject. I ask that in
the name of fairness; I ask it in the name of
justice; I ask it that it may not be said that
this Forty-First Congress, at midnight, reversed
the whole practice of the Government for
eighty vears.
The "PRESIDING OFFICER. Do the Sen-
ate understand the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio ?
Mr. STEWART. I could not consent to
that on account of the objection of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations. He
objects to it.
Mr. THURMAN. He is not here, and does
not object.
Mr. STEWART. I promised not to do it
on his account.
Mr. THURMAN. Let him be waked up.
There he lies on the sofa.
Mr. NYE. He is evidently not within sound
of the Capitol, for if he had been the Senator's
speech would have waked him up. [Laughter. ]•
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question to the Senate. Is there
any objection to the proposition made by the
Senator from Ohio, that by unanimous con-
sent 
Mr. STEWART. I cannot consent to it
until the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations agrees to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada objects.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope there will be no
objection to that. I think we ought not to
come here to-morrow; and I think the propo-
sition of the Senator from Ohio is a reasonable
one, which, under the circumstances, at this
late hour, ought to be accepted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the proposition made by the Sen-
ator from Ohio?
Mr. STEWART. Fix it for to-morrow, and
I think the Senator from Maine will agree to it.
1 Mr. THURMAN. Oh, no; not to-morrow.
Mr. STEWART. We cannot pat off the
appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. .Objection
being made, the proposition cannot be con-
sidered.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to state my
reason. Last Monday it was insisted that this
bill should be taken up, and we thought we
should get through with it in a day or two.
The chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions thought it a great hardship to put aside
the appropriation bill. He now insists that
this bill shall be determined this week, so that
he can have Monday for the appropriation bill;
and as he has been so liberal as to give way
to this bill I cannot consent to anything which
will delay action.
Mr. SUMNER. If the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations does not have
Monday, he will have Tuesday; that is the only
difference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is on the amendment
moved by the Senator from Ohio. The Senate
were dividing on that question.
Mr. THURMAN. If the proposition I have
made is objected to, we must debate that
amendment. I am sorry for it; but there is
no help for it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us divide on it first;
and perhaps we may vote it down.
Mr. THURMAN. But then we shall not
have a right to debate it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then you can call for
the yeas and nays, and debate it.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well; if we can
vote it down I shall bo very glad to be saved
the necessity of debating it.
Mr. SUMNER. Senators speak very-lightly
about voting this amendment down. I hope
it will not be voted down. It is an important
proposition, as important as anything in the
bill, and, in my judgment, germane to the bill;
nor have I any question that it is entirely within
the powers of Congress. I submit myself to
the judgment of the Senator from Ohio I know,
who saya that no lawyer, no politician, no states-
man Will affirm it. I affirm it. I do not doubt
that it is completely within the powers of Con-
gress ; and if the Senator will go back to the
language of James Madison, unless lam much
mistaken, he will find that Madison specifically
declares the plenary powers of Congress over
this whole subject. I cannot be mistaken. But
I do not need the authority of James Madison
on this occasion. I take the text of the Con-
stitution and the reason of the case. Those
two are enough. The proposed amendment is
constitutional. 'I cannot doubt it. I hope there-
fore that we shall not abandon it. We have it
now within our power, and let us put it on the
bill.
But then I agree with the Senato^from Ohio
that it is inexpedient to provoke a night dis-
cussion of this question. I think " the better
part of valor is discretion," and that, consid-
ering the hour of the clock, it would be much
better, while the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations perhaps sleeps, [laughter,]
that we should go home—
Mr. NYE. He is here now.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; he was not
here a moment ago—with the understanding
that we shall come here on Monday and vote,
according to the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I still
hope the Senate will agree to my proposition ;
but before the Senate do agree to it I desire to
express the extreme satisfaction that I feel in
hearing the Senator from Massachusetts quote
the authority of James Madison, the author of
the Virginia resolutions of 1798, and the re-
port that was made on those resolutions. I
love very much to hear so high an authority
upon the meaning of the Constitution of the
United States, and -when next the Senator
taunts this little knot around me with their
State-rights doctrines, I hope he will excuse us
if we refer to the fact that at midnight on this
occasion he appeals to the name of James
Madison.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is not now in order to
move to strike out the last section of the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, is it?
Mr. STEWART. That can be done by
unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This being
an amendment to an amendment it is not
strictly in order; but if the Senate consent to
it unanimously it can be done. Anything can
be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the last section ?
Mr. HAMLIN. The section which relates
to public meetings. I think that section ought
to be stricken out, and then I certainly would
vote for the rest of it; but I would not vote for
it with that section in it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Isthereany
objection ?
Mr. THURMAN. What is the proposition ?
The PRESIDING OFFICEli. To stride out
the third section of the amendment ot the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
