1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
As I remarked before, I shall vote for this
amendment in order to try the experiment. I
think the time has come when we ought to un-
derstand what the rights of Congress are upon
this subject and what the rights of the States
are, and 1 am willing to bring the question thus
fairly and squarely before the country and ul-
timately, if practicable, before the courts. At
the same time I look upon the amendment as
a warning, as an admonition to Virginia not to
make any discrimination hereafter in the right
of suffrage between the white and black races
in that State. At all event it will stand out as
an admonition to the people of that State not
to attempt to ostracize the colored population,
and so far forth I trust it will operate as some
protection to the colored race.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, it is with
some reluctance that I enter into this debate.
When I became a member of the Senate I
formed the intention not to take part in any
discussion upon the subject of reconstruction,
but to leave that matter to those, my seniors,
who had four years of experience of it. This de-
bate, however, has gone beyond the ordinary
range. At times it assumed a rather passion-
ate character. We have heard criminations
and recriminations passing to and fro. Some
Senators took it upon themselves to throw sus-
picion upon the soundness of the Republicanism
of other Senators who did not happen to agree
with them. Under these circumstances I think
it may be appropriate for a Senator who has
no long legislative record to incumber him to
put in a word to advantage.
It would be well for the Republican mem-
bers of this body to remember that the ends
we wish to attain are, after all, the same ; that
the anxiety which we feel to attain them is the
same also with all of us. As to the means,
differences of opinion may legitimately exist,
but we should discuss them without impugning
the motives of any one. The question before
us is one of practical statesmanship.
1 am ready to confess that I do not partici-
pate in the feelings of those who have pressed
the passage of this bill with so much haste.
It was my impression that Virginia, having
gone out of the Union, as the saying is, of her
own volition, having fought against the integ-
rity of this Government, having stood out so
many years, might now stay out just a few
days longer without any serious detriment to
herself and without any danger to the welfare
of this Republic. On the other hand, I neither
sympathize with those who want to put off the
admission of Virginia to an indefinite time,
unless it be shown that it is absolutely necessary
for the safety of her people to keep Virginia
out of participation in the government of her
own and our common concerns.
I have been sitting here for three days at the
feet of the great lawyers of this body listening
to what they said, and I have obtained much
useful instruction. But it appeared to me that
while they were so arduously discussing the
qlies'ion what measure of power we could em-
ploy against the late rebel States, they were
rather apt to lose sight of that equally, and per-
haps more, important question, what measure
of power we ought to employ against them.
Permit me to take a wider view of this case
than that to which this discussion seems at
present confined.
In the beginning of reconstruction the altern-
ative presented itself to us whether we would
keep the rebel States under military govern-
ment until another generation should have
grown up untainted by the spirit of slavery, not
animated by those fierce passions which had
been engendered by the war, a generation that,
m one word, mi^ht have been expected to enter
into the new order of things with readiness; or
to take our chances with the present generation
as it is in reinstating it in its political rights and
in the participation in the government of their
own .ifi'airs in as safe a manner as it could be
dom\
The first policy—that of keeping the South
under military control, or, as some will have it,
under territorial control, under the immediate
supervisionofthe General Government—might,
perhaps, as to its practical aspects, have been
the best one; but it was very questionable
whether if we had attempted to carry out that
line of policy we should have been sustained
by the great loyal people of the North; .and
whether it might not one day have happened
that the people of the North, being opposed to
the policy of military rule, which is so little in
accord with the accepted principles of repub-
lican government, would sweep the Republican
party from power and throw the whole work
of reconstruction into utter chaos and confusion.
Under such circumstances I couceive that the
other policy which was adopted, and which by
some has been contemptuously called the tink-
ering policy, a policy dictated by necessities as
they gradually became evident, was, after all,
probably the wisest. Whether this was so or
not, at any rate every one will acknowledge
that it is now too late for a radical change of
policy. We have entered upon that course in
which the people of the rebel States were to be
one after another intrusted with the manage-
ment of their own affairs, with such restrictions
as we saw fit to impose upon them for the pur-
pose of guarding the rights and liberties of the
people.
I conceive that the real aim and end of re-
construction was and is to put the rebel States
in such condition that they can exercise that
constitutional measure of self-government
which belongs to the other States without seri-
ous danger to the great and beneficent results
of our civil war. Two things were to be done to
secure that end. In the first place, we had to
protect those results from danger, by constitu-
tional amendments and by laws; and in the
second place—and I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to this point with especial ur-
gency—we had to prepare the people of the
late rebel States for identifying themselves
with the new order of things. It is evident
that we can rely with absolute assurance only
upon those constitutional amendments and
guarantees which are already irreversibly
established, or whose adoption is secured
beyond any danger and peradventure. The
fifteenth is to complete that series of amend-
ments which are to surround the rights and
liberties of the citizens in the southern States,
as well as throughout the whole extent of the
Republic, with an impregnable bulwark. The
question which presses most heavily upon our
minds is this: is the fifteenth amendment,
which is to crown the arch, which is to com-
plete the system of constitutional guarantees,
really safe beyond any peradventure? Some
seem to think that it is, others that it is not.
I will admit that there is some evidence of a
conspiracy against it. We have received news
from Georgia which is well apt to alarm even
the most satiguine of us. We have some reason
to suppose that the Democratic party, which
although in a minority in this country is by no
means without power, and if without physical
power is by no means without moral influence,
will attempt everything that it possibly can to
defeat that amendment. But of that more
presently.
As to the second thing which I spoke of as
being necessary to be done, the people of the
rebel States may be divided into three classes:
first, those who are still full of the old rebel
spirit; secondly, those who, although lately
rebels, are ready to cut loose from the past
and identify themselves with the new order of
things; and thirdly, those who always were
and are now loyal people. If we want to
make self-government a harmless weapon in
the hands of the people of the southern States,
then—and here I claim the attention of the
Senate for what I am going to say—then good
policy absolutely dictates that the number of
loyal men in the South be, by every possible
means strengthened from the number of the
second class I have mentioned ; that is to say,
from that class who, although lately rebels,
show now an inclination to accept the new
order of things and to identify themselves with
it; and in order to accomplish that, those peo-
ple must not only be prevented from doing what
is wrong, bat they must also be encouraged in
doing that which is right.
Let us no w cast a look at the case erf Virginia.
The people of that State have practically done
all that we asked of them, it is true the so-
called Radical Republican party in the State
of Virginia was defeated; but there is hot one
Senator on this floor who can deny that those
who were successful have at least so far done
all that could possibly have been done by those
who were defeated. Now these people ask for
admission. If they did what they have done
in good faith, then I think we have every reason
to congratulate ourselves upon the result. Nay,
I am going further, and even at the risk of
being counted among those whose Republican-
ism is suspected, am ready to assert that if the
people of Virginia did in good faith what they
have done, then we have even more reason
to congratulate ourselves upon the result than
if the State were at this moment controlled
by the Radical Republican party; why ? Sim-
ply because it would bo one of the most hope-
ful signs of the times that we have yet met
with. It would indicate thatnot only those who
daring the war were all the time loyal, but
even those who during the war carried arms
against us, those who fought against the au-
thority of the Government, those whom we
were accustomed to look upon as our enemies,
are ready now to cast out from their minds their
old animosities, to take hold of the good work
and to step into our ranks, marching with us to
the great goal which we desire to attain, equal
rights, universal liberty, peace and good will for
all the children of the American Republic.
It is said that they did not act in gcrod faith.
Sir, I am loath to believe that. On the other
hand, I am not sure that there are not some
who may have had a secret inclination in
that direction, who may have done what they
did do believing that they might be permitted
to abuse the power thus to be obtained. While
I do not believe, while I cannot make myself
believe that the Legislature of Virginia which
ratified the constitutional amendment, which
held out all those fair promises, were such
downright villains as to act with the distinct
purpose of deceiving us afterward, yet I will
admit that we as Senators who have to take
eare of the great future of this Republic are not
permitted to treat these matters lightly. We
may remember that there is, to all appearances,
a Democratic conspiracy going on against the
fifteenth amendment. We may remember that
although the Legislature of Virginia may have
been inspired by good intentions and by good
purposes, yet that they may not be altogether
beyond the reach of Democratic influences.
We may remember that the Democratic party,
under pretense of being the friends of the
South, have led them from crime into crime,
from deception into deception, from disaster
into disaster. We may suspect that this nefa-
rious power of the Democratic party is not en-
tirely spent. It is possible that the Democrats
will try Virginia as they are evidently now
trying Georgia.
Wise men will not forget that under tempt-
ing circumstances there are two things that are
apt to seduce men into that which is wrong.
One is a foolish, blind, over-confidence which
furnishes opportunity for crime under certain .
assurance of impunity, and the other is an un-
reasonable distrust throwing suspicion upon
every one, even without just cause or reason.
Yon all know that many a man has been made
a villain by always being taken for and_ called
a villain. It seems to me that in settling the
question of the admission of Virginia we have
to avoid both these extremes._ I at least con-
sider it my duty to fall into neither one nor t.ie
other of these errors.
I am not one of those who say that having
