1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
smi
the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of
the House of Representatives of the United
States, and for other purposes.
SHIPS FOR FOREIGN TRACE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 956 to encourage the building of
shins for foreign trade and for other purposes.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Let it be
read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That is a
very important bill and will necessarily involve
some discussion and I must object to its con-
sideration now. I think this is not a proper
period of the session to bring it before the Son-
ate for consideration.
Mr. CHANDLER. One objection is of no
account. [Laughter.] I move to take it up.
The Senator can vote against it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object
to its consideration now.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is very important.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan moves to take up Senate bill
No. 950.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is an important bill,
and I ask, when the question is put, that the
yeas and nays shall be taken.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to make a state-
ment. It is well known, I suppose, to every
member of this body that a war is imminent
in Europe, a general war. This bill is pre-
pared—the third section of this bill is the
only section that is of immediate and pressing
importance—at the request of the Secretary of
State and of the Secretary of the Treasury. In
ease this war should take place, a3 a matter
of course all the steam marine of the dif-
ferent countries of Europe will be in imminent
danger, will be thrown out of its present legiti-
mate occupation, and, as a matter of course,
if this country will not come in as a compet-
itor England alone will have the monopoly of
the steam marine of the world. It is deemed
by the Administration to be a matter of very
great if not of vital importance that after eight
months we should give permission to our citi-
zens to purchase iron-built ships for the for-
eign trade alone.
That is the state of the case. The Secretary
of the Treasury and the Secretary of State were
both here yesterday, and I presume there is
not an individual here who is not in favor of
this bill. Certainly the colleague of the Sen-
ator from Maryland was earnestly in its favor.
Every member of the Committee on Commerce
is in its favor, and I presume every member
0' this body is iii its favor. I ask for its con-
sideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a very important
bill, and I think the second and third sections
of it ought to pass; and I hope they will pass
by unanimous consent of both Houses, in view
of the facts merely hinted at by the Senator
from Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am willing to drop
the first section if the Senate think it is better
to do that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The first section, I think,
would not pass without several days' debate.
Indeed, I would not vote for the bail with it m :
but the second section gives to our vessels en-
gaged in foreign commerce an opportunity to
take American coal.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will accept an amend-
ment to strike out the first section.
Mr. SHERMAN. The tluiu section allows
for eight months only—that, is, until the end
of this Congress—the admission ot foreign-
built, iron vessels to American registers, It a
war should arise between two great European
Powers it might become necessary, with tee
consent of both Powers engaged in the war.
that vessels should aec-pt American registers.
2tlr. MeCREEliY. 1 rise to a point of order.
My point of older is that it is not in order to
discuss the merits of a bill on the motion to
take it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore-. The point
made by the Senator from Kentucky is well
taken. No discussion on the merits of the
bill is now in order. The question is on taking
up the bill for consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not violate the rules
of order, and I do not like to be ruled out of
order.
The. PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Hamilton] objected to taking up the bill; and
the motion was then made by the Senator from
Michigan that the Senate proceed to its con-
sideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is debatable within
certain limits. I have no right to go into the
merits.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is debatable, but not as to the merits of the
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. But to show the import-
ance of the question, I wish to call the atten-
tion of Senators, without regard to sections or
parties, to the importance of passing the third
section in case of any eventuality rendering it
necessary that foreign vessels should be ad-
mitted to American registers, in order to pro-
tect them against Avarlike operations by the
other Powers. Take a case: we have a French
line of steamers ; we have also a German line
of steamers. It might be that with consent
of both nations those lines might bccoine
Americanized, in order to protect themselves
against the consequences of war. We have
a poifect right to do it; it is merely a modifi-
cation of our law made to protect American
citizens. It can do no harm, f am in hopes,
therefore, that the second and third sections
of this bill will pass without any objection. It
is a mere temporary measure, and 1 know that
the importance of it is felt by the executive
department.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to postpone the pend-
ing and all previous orders, and take up the
bill for the benefit of Margaret P. Robinson.
I am willing if that bill be taken up that this
measure shall be informally disposed of before
Mrs. Robinson's case is acted on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. CHANDLER. I submit that motion is
not in order. My motion is to take up a bill,
and there is nothing before us except that mo-
tion. That motion must be acted upon first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point
made by the Senator from Michigan is sus-
tained. While a motion is pending to proceed
to the consideration of one bill it is not in order
to move to proceed to the consideration of
another. The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. BAYARD. I submit to the honorable
Senator from Michigan that it is unreasonable
to expect that a bill of this character can possi-
bly be discussed at this stage of the session.
I mean, discussed at all in proportion to its
merits and its gravity. I should be very glad
to hear all these measures which relate to a
diminution of duties, with some approach to
what may be called free trade, discussed at
length in the Senate ; but I submit to the hon-
orable Senator that it would be simply attempt-
ing a breach in the present system of tariff
duties which would disorganize the business of
this cjuniry more than it would do good, and
lie cannot expect that a measure of this kind
can be passed upon in the very short time left to
us during the present session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan.
ill1. SCOTT. Mr. President, if Ibis bill had
upon i:s face an intention simply to provide
for the emergency which it, i-s said is likely to
arise out of the threatenuig aspect of affairs in
Europe, then we might be willing to take it up
and dispose of such legislation as might be
necessary in view of that emergency; but in-
stead of purporting to provide for that it opens
up a question which the Senator from Michi-
gan has discussed at considerable length dur-
ing this session; a question upon which a vol-
uminous report has been made by one of the
committees of the other House, which has been
discussed; and at this late date of the session
I submit that the broad question of whether
American registers shall be issued to iron-built
ships of foreign construction is one upon which
we ought not to enter.
We all remember that the Senator from
Michigan discussed this question at consider-
able length. We all remember that we had
laid on our tables the voluminous report of the
committee of the other House, and after the
discussion of it by the Senator from Michigan
I suppose every Senator in the Chamber rested
in the belief that for the present session the
subject was laid aside and would not be brought
up again.
Now, sir, the last section of this bill brings
i up not simply the question whether we shall
authorize the purchase by the Government of
a few iron-built vessels, if that be necessary,
in view of the threatening state of affairs in
Europe, but the other broad, general question
which I have no doubt would elicit a consider-
able amount of discussion if we were to enter
upon it; and therefore I hope at this time, in
this point of view, the bill will not be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. SPRAGUE called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 17 ; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Carpenter,
Casscrly, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cragin, Davis,
Gilbert.Ilarlan, Howell, Lewis. Nye, Osborn, Karn-
sey, Schuiz, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
Tinton,Trumbull, Warner, and Williams—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Corbett, FoTvier, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harris. Me-
Crcery, McDonald. iMoiri il of Maine, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Iloberison, ito-::;, Scoit, Bpra-guo, Thayer, and Wil-
li: .v-i 7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cameron, Cattell,Drake,Edmunds.Fen-
ton, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamlin, Howard, Howet John-
ston, Kel logs, Morn 11 of Vermont, Morton, Norton,
i'atterson. Fool, Hovels, Rice. Salisbury,' Sawyer,
Spencer, Tliurman, Viokcrs, Wilson, and Yates—30.
So the. motion was agreed to: and the bill
(S. No. 950)to encourage the building of ships
for foreign trade, and for other purposes, was
considered as in Committee of the whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out the
first and second sections of the bill
Mr. CORBETT. Upon that question I have
something to say. I believe the first section
of this bill is the only section that should be
adopted, except perhaps the second, unless we
wish to destroy the little there is lelt of our
ship-yards in this country. I am informed by
men engaged in that business that by the adop-
tion of this first section we can restore ship-
building in this country, and in order to uo that,
I presume the Committee on Commerce have
inserted this provision. 1 was not present
when this bill was considered in committee;
otherwise 1 should have opposed the third sec-
tion.
With:ii eight months, if we adopt that sec-
tion, more ships will be brought into this coun-
try than could bo used in the next ten years;
they will lie brought in here and will be lying
iuh: and our sliip-yaids will lie idle; there wiil
be no employment for those ship-yards where
there is scme'ihii'g to do now, and where they
may employ the men in the building of ships.
If we destroy this interest entirely these men
will scatter to the four winds, and you will not
be able to get your ship-builders and mechanics
together again to commence the construction
of ships.
By reducing or remitting the duties upon the
raw materials that enter into the construction
of ships, ships can be built in this country.
There is now r.o drawback. The expense of
the inatorialand the duty upon itare very great,
and the labor is high. Consequently the ves-
sels cannot be constructed here without a draw-
