1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4617
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 71, nays 87, not voting
7:15 as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Asper, Ayer,
Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin. Bennett, Blair, Boles,
Bovd, Buckley, Bnrchard, Burdett, Burr, Cessna,
(-hurckill, Clinton h. Cobb. Coburn, Conger, Crebs,
Dickinson, Dockery, Dox.Farnswortb, Perriss, Per-
w\Finkclnburg, (ietGibson, Griswold, Haldcman,
jiamill. Hawkins, Day, Heilin.Ingorsoll, Thomas L.
Jones. JufHl, Julian, Lash. Lawrence. Lewis, McCor-
mick, McKenzie. M oNoely, J esse If.Moore, Mungen,
Ortb. Packard, Peek, Randall, Rice, Rogers, Roots,
thanks. Potter Sheldon. Shcrrod, Shober, Stiles,
Stouublon, Strickland. Sweeney, Taffe, Trimble,
'j'yn^r. Van Trump, Welker, Whitmorc, Williams,
and Winchester—71.
^ AYS —Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Axtell, Bailey,
BankN Barry, Beck, Benton. Bird,George M.Brooks,
Jfitne.s Brooks, Buck, Bafimton, William T.Clark,
Sidney Clarke, A*ina*a Cobb, Coyode, Cowles, Cox,
Gullom, Davis, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Donley,
Dyer, Kla, ViU*l\, Fox, Garfield, Ilaight, Harris,
iioar. Hoopor, .Tenckcs. Johnson, Kelley, Kellogg,
Knapn, Lailin, Logan, Marshall. Maynard, McCar-
thy, jtfcKee, Morphia, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P.
Morrill, Morris3 ey, Myere, Nogley, Nib] ack, O'Neill,
Packer, Paine, Palmer, Perce. Peters,Phelps, Pome-
roy, Potter, Prosser, Reeves, Sanford, Sargent, Saw-
yer, Sloc-uro, John A. Smith, Jobeph S. Smith, Wil-
liam J. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stokes, Sfrader, Strong, Swann. Tanner, Taylor,
TiUman. Twichell, Upson, Van Horn, Wallace,
Ward, Cadwalader 0. Washburn, WilliamB. Wash-
burn. and IvacceneM. Wilson—87.
NOT VOTING--Messrs. Adams, Allison. Arm-
sfrong. At wood, Barimm, Biggs, Bingham, Booker,
Bowen. Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Cuke. Calkin, Cleveland. Cook, Conner, Dixon, Du-
val, JfcJIdridcre, Pisher. Gilfillan, Hale, Hambleton,
Hamilton, ITawlev, Hays. Heaton, Hill. Hoge, Hol-
roan, Jfotchki^s. Alexander Ii.Jones, Kelsey, Kerr,
Ketcham, 3£n«>tt, Loughridge, Lynch, Mayhara,
McCrr.ry. McGrew, Mercur, Milnes, Eliakim H.
Moore. William Moore, Morgan, Newsham, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Ridgway. Schenck, Schumaker,
Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon. WorthingtonC. Smith,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stone, Townsend, Van Auken,
Van Wyck, Voorhees, Wells, Wheeler, Wilkinson,
Willnrd, John X. Wilson. Winans, Witeher, Wood,
and Woodward—72.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole oil the state of the Union
were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
lime, and passed.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. JULIAN. The other day, by unani-
mous consent of the House, I had taken from
the Speaker's table nnd referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands Senate bill No. 469.
1 am instructed by the Committee on the I nblic
Lands to ask unanimous consent to have that
bill reinstated in its former place on the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. McNEELY. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that the gen-
tleman merely wants to put it back on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. McNEELY. And that is what I ob-
ject to.
Mr. JULIAN. I will merely state the reason
why the Committee on the Public Lands have
instructed me to make this request.
Mr. McNEELY. I object; it is merely
another land grab.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move tnat the rules
be suspended for the purpose indicated by lne
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. J cm an, J the
chairman of the Committee on the lublic
Lands. ,. .
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that the bill be read.
Mr. J ULi AN. 1 can explain it in a moment,
if I mav be allowed to make a statement.
Mi. McNEELY. I will not object to a state-
ment. ,
Mr. TAFFE. I do not agree to the propo-
sition to place the bill back on the Speaker s
table: but 1 will not object to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Julian] making a state-
ment.
Mr. JULIAN. The Committee on the Public
Lands have more business before them, already
matured and ready to be reported, than they
will have time to dispose of in their two morn-
ing hours. And having no time at all to con-
sider the questions involved in this bill, and
no time during this session to report it, even
should they be able to examine it and agree to
it, a majority of the committee were not will-
ing to strangle the bill by keeping it back from
the House and depriving members of the op-
portunity of voting "yes" or "no" upon it.
They therefore have instructed me to ask that
the bill be reinstated in its former position
upon the Speaker's table, of course reserving
to every member of the committee the right to
oppose or to advocate the bill, exactly as they
may deem proper.
Mr. McNEELY. Is not this a bill to grant
more land to the central branch of the Pacific
railroad in Kansas?
Mr. JULIAN. It is an act relating to the
Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany.
Mr. McNEELY. Exactly; and that is the
reason why I desire to keep the bill where it is.
Mr. DAWES. Nothing will be gained for the
bill by putting it back on the Speaker's table.
Mr. McNEELY. Yes, there will; for it
may be reached there.
fir. J ULIAN. I ask that the bill may be
reinstated in its place upon the Speaker's table,
so that if it should be reached the House may
act upon it as they may see proper.
Mr. RANDALL. If this bill should be put
back upon the Speaker's table, would it not be
competent for a majority of the House to pass
it?
The SPEAKER. It would, when it shall be
reached. Of course it can be reached only in
its order. When the House proceeds to the
consideration of business upon the Speaker's
table each measure there is acted upon in the
order in which it shall be reached.
Mr. RANDALL. If this House shall refuse
to suspend the rules for the purpose of rein-
stating this billontho Speaker's table, that will
kill it. If you put it there you give an addi-
tional grant of land to this railroad company.
I hope two thirds of this House will not vote
to do any such thing.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Whenever the Housp
shall proceed to the consideration of business
on the Speaker's table, will it not be in order
when this biil shall be reached to move to put
it on its passage ?
The SPEAKER. Of course it will.
Mr. RANDALL. And if one third of the
House will now oppose the motion to suspend
the rules the bill is dead.
Mr. JULIAN. There is one thing I ought
to say in justice to the friends of the bill,
which had some weight with the Committee
on the Public Lands. The friends of the bill
profess to be willing to allow in the House an
opportunity to amend the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not see that
members outside of the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands will have any better opportunity to
examine this bill, should it be put back on the
Speaker's table, than the Committee on_ the
Public Lands now have. If the Committee
on the Public Lands has no time to examine
the bill, as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Julian] says, how much time does he suppose
that other members ot the House will have to
examine it?
Mr. J ULIAN. If the House shall prefer,
when the bill shall be reached on the Speak-
er's table it can be referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is the gentleman
from Indiana in favor of the bill? _ _
Mr. JULIAN. I am not in favor of it in its
present shape, and only make this request of
the House by instruction of the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman tabes
a curious way to show his opposition to the bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I am merely carrying out
the instruction of my committee.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask unanimo.us consent to
make a statement on this subject for two rain-
utes. ' .
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
There was no objection.
Mr. TAFFE. Mr. Speaker, this bill was
passed by the Senate in connection with an-
other under an agreement which the debate
as reported in the Globe discloses, and which,
if time allowed, I would like to read to the
House. The bill came here the same day, I
believe. It gave certain lands to build a road
in the State of Nebraska and certain lands- in
aid of this Kansas road. I subsequently ascer-
tained that the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road of this House had taken the bill and
eviscerated it, striking out the provision, for
the Nebraska road while retaining the grant
to the Central road in Kansas. The chairman
of the Pacific Railroad Committee was, I under-
stand, prepared to report the bill, and would
have done so had not the time allowed to the
committee the other day been taken up with
the bill granting Goat Island to the Western
Pacific railroad. The bill in that .form would
have left Nebraska without any provision,
while the Central road would have been lib-
erally cared for.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. What does the gen-
tleman mean when he says that the bill was
passed in the Senate "under an agreement?"
Mr. TAFFE. I mean the agreement which
is disclosed in the debate as published in the
Globe. One of the Nebraska Senators agreed
to the measure and the other opposed it; but
an understanding was had that certain lands
should be granted to the Central road, and
certain other lands to a road in Nebraska;
and upon that understanding the bill waspassed.
[Laughter.]
Mr. VAN TRUMP. We are not bound by
that agreement.
Mr. BURR. I trust that now, when we have
got this land-grant bill in such a position that
its passage may be prevented, the opponents of
this class of measures will keep it where it is.
Mr. COBURN. I raise the point of order
that the House granted the gentleman from
Nebraska [ Mr. Taffe] consent to make a state-
ment., and that he is entitled to conclude it with-
out interruption. He very seldom occupies
the time of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ne-
braska [Mr. Taffe] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds I should like to ask him whether the
"agreement" to which he refers had a United
States stamp upon it. [Laughter.]
Mr. TAFFE. The gentleman is too witty.
I will say that I am not a party to any agree-
ment ; I only spoke of the understanding had
in the Senate as showing an obligation which
in good faith the friends of the measure should
recognize. But it seems that one party comes
here and endeavors to ignore that agreement.
Whether that agreement was right or wrong I
do not undertake to say. I have no responsi-
bility in the matter, because I never agreed to
the bill. But parties came in here and endeav-
ored, as I am informed and believe, to get
through a bill ignoring that agreement entirely.
This is all I have to say; and this is why I
wish the bill to remain where it is until some
understanding is reached as to the shape in
which it is proposed to pass it:
Mr. BURR.'I would like to ask the gentle-
man whether the agreement to which he refers
is a House agreement or a Senate agreement?
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
make a statement. .
The SPEAKER. Is there objection I
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I know nothing
about any arrangement such as that suggested
by the gentleman from Nebraska, [Mr. Tawk.]-
