5562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
back upon the imported material, or the equiv-
alent upon the material that is manufactured
in this country.
I would prefer myself to give this draw-
back to our ship-builders that we may stimu-
late and build up' our own commerce here in
our own country, to continue these ship-yards
and this industry, than to still retain the tariff
and prevent the construction of ships here.
If we continue thi3 tariff upon the materials
entering into the building of ships, that interest
must languish, and we shall prevent the con-
struction and building of vessels, and thereby
prevent the increase of the commerce of the
United States.
I trust that the motion to strike out these
sections will not prevail. So far as allowing
vessels for the next eight months to come into
this country free is concerned, I am satisfied
that it will almost totally destroy the ship-build-
ing interest of this country. Therefore, as
one of the Committee on Commerce who has
not considered this bill, I am opposed to that
provision. I am in favor of the first and sec-
ond sections.
Mr. CONKLING. Having concurred with
the Senator from Oregon as a member of the
Committee on Commerce in reporting all the
sections as they stand 
Mr. CORBETT. I beg to correct the Sen-
ator. I was not present when the bill was
considered in committee, and did not concur
in reporting it.
Mr. CONKLING. Did not the Senator give
his assent to the report of the bill ?
Mr. CORBETT. I have no knowledge of it.
Mr. CONKLING-. Then the remark which
I was going to make is stronger than I intended
to make it. I will say, then, that having con-
curred myself in reporting all these sections,
although it seems the Senator from Oregon did
not, I need not say that I do not differ from
him in seeing merit in the two sections as well
as in the third. Nevertheless, we hear from
the Senator from Ohio and from other Senators
objections to the first two sections. The prac-
tical question is whether indeed we can con-
summate either of the sections or any part of
either of them ; and I present to my colleague
on the committee the consideration that it
were better to take so much of the bill as we can
get consent to in the fast-flying moments that
remain, and not to wage an issue upon disputed
portions, the result of which will be the loss
of all. It so happens that the misfortunes of
other nations and complications abroad pre-
sent us now an invitation to the ocean and
opportunity to embrace a great carrying trade,
if we have the practical wisdom to make hay
while the sun shines.
It seems to me that members of this body
of all parties, and practical men everywhere,
must see the importance of seizing this oppor-
tunity, which preys upon the misfortunes of
nobody in this country, although it does arise
from the misfortunes of other nations.
Mr. President, the third section of the bill
does substantially and practically improve this
occasion. The other sections are objected to;
and foregoing, as I do, my own convictions,
which are expressed in the assent I gave to the
report, I ask my colleague on the committee,
from Oregon, and every other member of this
body who wants to improve the remaining
chance, which is rather a slender one, of mak-
ing any part of this bill a law before the expi-
ration of the session, to let us take that part
which we are likely to get by common consent,
and postpone to a more convenient season those
portions of the bill which we see now must be
subjected to a debate fatal to the whole bill,
if it is to attach to all its sections, during this
session. I hope we may proceed to vote upon
the motion to strike out, and save so much as
can be agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend the
motion of the Senator from Ohio, so as to strike
out the first section, and not to strike out the
second.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
from Oregon that the second section will at
once arouse against the measure all the repre-
sentatives of the coal-producing States. These
vessels are now supplied with American coal.
They take it on ship-board here, and these
foreign vessels make a great market for our
American coal; and I do not wish now, at this
moment, to deprive them of it.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to suggest to
my friend from Ohio that the Senator from
Oregon has a right to demand a division of this
motion, which is to strike out two independent
substantivo propositions; and, if we can vote
on the first, then the honorable Senator, when
we come to vote on the second, can say what
he chooses in regard to that, if there be any
motion made in regard to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. As to the general merits
of the third section, I do not think, in the
peculiar condition of the country, a more im-
portant proposition could possibly be made.
It is manifest that if the two great leading
Powers of Europe, Prussia and France, should
become involved in war, neither of those nations
could have a German or a French line of ves-
sels across the Atlantic, because those vessels
would be subject to become the prey of priva-
teers or the armed cruisers of the belligerent
Powers; and consequently those great lines
of vessels would be laid up at once, or else
must be transferred to some other country
iind some other flag. They cannot be trans-
ferred to the English service, because the Eng-
glish law is something like our own. If now,
we, seizing the moment, in the happy language
of the Senator from New York, suspend the
operation of our navigation laws so that these
vessels may become American vessels, may be
purchased by American owners—■—
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator need not
address himself to me to convince me. I
agree to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then, in regard to the first
section, that makes a very difficult problem.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us strike that out
and pass the rest of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very desirous of
passing some bill for the relief of commerce ;
but certainly I cannot agree to that section.
Mr. CORBETT. It is proposed to seize
upon the present opportunity, it is said, to pur-
chase vessels from foreigners. What is that
opportunity ? Simply au apprehension that
there may be war between foreign Powers.
That war has not yet commenced, and it is not
by any means certain that there will be any
war. The latest news that we have from Eu-
rope is of a pacific character, and we are likely
to have peace there, and not war. If under
that apprehension we allow these vessels from
Europe to come into this country and receive
American registers, we destroy, as I said be-
fore, our own ship-yards, that are now at work
building ships, and wh<** little business is now
being transacted in the way of building ships
in this country will be totally destroyed. If
we are prepared to do that, then the Senate
can pass this bill. 1 think it will effectually
destroy all the ship-building interest that is
now being prosecuted in this country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to ask
what is the exact proposition before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is to
strike out the first section of the bijl.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Senator from
Maine to give way to me for one moment.
Mr. MO BRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
death of hon. d. s. jfoetos.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, it is my
painful duty to announce to the Senate the de-
cease, on last night, at twelve o'clock, at his
residence in this city, of my late colleague, the
Hon. D. S. Nortox. The early hour fixed for
the adjournment precludes the possibiliiv of
doing that justice to the memory of my late
colleague which tho sad occasion demands, and
it has therefore beea determined to postpone
the formal notice usual on such occasions until
the next session of Congress. For the present,
then, Mr. President, I will content myself with
asking the adoption by the Senate of this
resolution:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That a joint committee be ap-
pointed, consisting of three members of the Senate
and five members of the House, to attend to the
place of interment the remains of Hon. Daniel S.
norton, late a member of the Senate from the State
of Minnesota, who died at his residence in this city
on the night of the 13th instant, about the hour of
twelve o'clock.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the commit-
tee on the part of the Senate be appointed by
the President pro tempore.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Ramsey, Mr. Thurmajt, and Mr. Stockton.
ships for foreign trade.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
956) to encourage the building of ships for
foreign trade, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
the pending que'stion to be on striking out the
first section of the bill. As I have looked at
this bill cursorily it does involve important
considerations, and as the Senator from New
York has said, we have only the few fleeting
moments that are left of this session in which
to consider it. If the bill is to be considered
as an entirety that is one thing. If it is to be
considered with reference to the third section
alone, that is quite another.
The Senator from New Yoric thinks it is very
important that we should embrace the oppor-
tunity, which it is supposed is about to be
offered, by which some advantage to the com-
merce of the country may be gained. I sup-
pose the Senator alludes to the contingency in
which foreign countries may be engaged iu
war.
The condition of the commerce of this coun-
try has been so generally a subject of consid-
eration that the Senate do not need to be in-
structed on that subject, if there were time
«and opportunity to do so, and I am not in a
position at the moment to instruct them on the
subject. The whole commerce of the country
is in an extremely depressed condition. The
navigating interests of the country are partic-
ularly so. All your ship-yards are'prostrated.
This condition of affairs grows out of vari-
ous considerations, which have been fully set
forth and examined by the other branch of
Congress, and my honorable friend, the chaM®
man of the Committee on Commerce in this
body, has called the attention of the Senate to
that general subject. Some remedies have
been proposed, particularly in the other'branch,
and I believe my honorable friend from Mich-
igan has had some proposition for general
relief.
Now, sir, this proposition, striking out
these two sections, ignores that general fact
altogether. The Committee _ on Commerce
have reported sections which do recognize this
general statement; but the proposition now is
to ignore that general fact altogether. The
proposition is that you shall allow your navi-
gating interests to languish as they are ; allow
your ship-yards absolutely to fade from the
land ; make no efforts whatever to sustain that
interest; heed not the admonitions of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, who at the commence-
ment of this session made a special communi-
cation to Congress invoking the national Con-
gress for some aid and for some relief in regard
to your commerce, your navigating interests,
and your ship-building interests. Heedless
entirely of the special fact that the subject was
deemed of that imminent necessity that it called
forth aspecial communication from the Execu-
tive of the nation, we are now to turn our
backs upon this general fact and this generally
conceded necessity, and support the single
