2730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
are now out of employment, that before one
dollar was expended the Navy Department
should have known exactly by estimates how
much it would have cost to repair and put in
complete order every vessel upon which work
was being done.
I intend to vote for this report of the com-
mittee, favoring, as I do, the idea that this
great Government should have proper build-
ings in which to transact its business. I have
210 objection to New York and Boston having
good post offices, but I do object to the incon-
sistency sometimes displayed by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, in his advocacy
of the expenditure of money.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman wants to know
jf 1 worked as hard to keep these appropriations
down as I did to keep down the appropriations
to which he has referred. I feel as if I did in
reference to all except the one for the public
stores in Philadelphia. I thought I would let
up a little on that. I yield now to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] who is a
member of the committee of conference.
Mr. BECK. I hope the gentleman will let
me have five minutes before he calls the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I hope that my colleague on the committee
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will yield to
the suggestion of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] and afford him and all others
who desire it time to read up on this report
on the deficiency bill. The gentleman from
Kentucky at this early period of the session is
puzzled by these algebraic numerals, 5, 0, 7,
10, 12; but at a later period of the session, in
the closing hours, wo shall all be ready to take
them by wholesale, without any hesitation what-
ever. I suggest to my colleague on the commit-
tee that in order to have a full understanding
of the report by the House the whole subject
should go over until to-morrow, and be made
the special order for that day. I think that
when the House has read the report and looked
into all the facts, and read over the debate of
to-day, there will be very little difference of
opinion about the report.
Mr. DAWES. I have not the slightest objec-
tion to the suggestion made by the gentleman
from New York. I only followed the ordinary
course in reference to reports of committees of
conference. If it is the desire of the House
that the report shall be printed before final
action is taken on it I will yield to any gentle-
man to make that motion. I now yield for
two minutes to my colleague [Mr. Xwickeix]
who is on the Committee on the Post Office aud
Post Roads.
Mr. TWICHELL. I desire to say 
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will yield to me
to move to postpone this report until to mor-
row.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to allow the gen-
tleman to make that motion so that the House
can vote on it.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the report of
the committee of conference be printed, so
that we can uuderstand it as it is gone over.
It is a privileged report, and I suppose can
be called up at any time.
The SPEAKER. It can be called up at any
time; but when it is before the House it must
be disposed of in some way.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I will move that the
further consideration of this report be post-
poned until to-morrow after the morning hour,
and that in the meanwhile it be printed.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend that
motion so that the further consideration of this
conference report shall be postponed until
Monday next after the morning hour.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know «■
Mr. DAWES. I think the report is already
sufficiently understood; but if gentlemen desire
to have more time I am willing that it shall be
postponed till to morrow.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] to move an
amendment to his motion ?
Mr. ALLISON. I cannot yield for that
purpose. I must insist upon my motion, and
call the previous question upon it.
The question was then taken upon second-
ing the previous question ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 50, noes 53; no quorum vot-
ing.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Allison and
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 04, noes 72.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The question was upon the motion to post-
pone ; and being taken, it was.not agreed to.
The question recurred upon adopting the
report of the committee o"f conference.
Mr. DAWES. Upon that question I call
for the, previous question.
The" previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays upon agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TWICHELL. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Dawes] to yield to me for five minutes.
Mr. BECK. I ask the gentleman also to
yield to me.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to say a word
myself. But my colleague [Mr. Twiciiell]
seems to feel as if under the circumslances he
ought to have five minutes, and the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] upou the Commit-
tee on Appropriations desires to have five
minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will call the at-
tention of the Houso to the order of business
to-day. By special order'of the House any mat-
ter that may be pending at two o'clock to-day
must be set aside for such business as may be
reported from the Committee for the District
of Columbia, to-day being the third Friday of
the month.
Mr. DAWES. I hope I shall not be asked
to yield to any others.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman shall
call for a vote at twenty minutes before two
o'clock there will be time to dispose of this
report.
Mr. DAWES. Then I give notice that I
cannot yield except to my colleague [Mr.
Twichell] and to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. FERRY. I would suggest that other
members of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads should also bo heard, in view
of the imputations which have been cast upon
them by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Twiciiell.]
Mr. TWICHELL. The chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Itoads
[Mr. Farnswortii] has sent up a report which
has been read by the Clerk as one coming from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. Now, it happens to be my good fortune
to be a member of that committee. 1 think
there has never been a meeting of that com-
mittee since it was organized when I have not
been present. Nov/, I had no opportunity of
seeing the report which was made ; it has never
been presented to me nor read in my presence.
1 hold in my hand what purports to be a report
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, which is dated March 2<i, 1870, and is
signed by six members of the committee. Since
this report has been presented and ordered to
be printed further testimony has been taken,
and I am informed that while a witness was
being examined in the commiltee-room this was
presented to the House as the report of the
committee, without any notice to me whatever.
Now, I ask that the views of the minority of
the committee may be printed with the report
of the majority, together with all the testimony
that has been taken in the case; with all the
circulars, letters, bids, acceptances, contracts,
&c., furnished by the agents of the Govern-
ment or the Secretary of the Treasury.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. After what the gen-
tleman has stated I object.
Mr. TWICHELL. Then I ask that a letter
be read which was written by one of the wit-
nesses.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] for five minutes.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, in asking a post-
ponement,of the action of the House on this
report I was not influenced by any factious
spirit; I simply wanted the House to under-
stand the matter. Very many amendments
were inserted in this bill by the Senate and
agreed to by the conference committee which
were never printed, which we never saw, and
to which we could not refer except by turning
to the unprinted bill of the Senate which I now
have before me, but cannot even ascertain what
amendments the numbers apply to. Although
I have the House bill before me, upon which I
marked and numbered what we concurred in and
what we did not concur in, it is now impossible
for me to ask even an intelligent question with-
out hunting through those unprinteel bills to see
what amendments the numbers indicate, which,
of course, I have no opportunity of doing. I
wanted this matter postponed till to-morrow,
so that the House could get some understand-
ing of it and that we might be enabled at least
to ask intelligent questions in reference to the
subject, which the delay I asked would enable
me to do. This conference report has never
been shown either to the Committee on Appro-
priations or the House till it was read at the
Clerk's desk a few moments ago.
The Senate has added to the bill appropri-
ations amounting to $1,500,000, about which
this House knows nothing. No man in this
House to-day can tell why those appropriations
should be made. Many of them were rejected
first by the Committee on Appropriations, next
in this House, aud again by the Committee on
Appropriations, who recommended non-con-
currence in them. But now they come back
here, and, without the possibility of knowing
anything about them, we are obliged to take
them all.
My friend from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
a member of the committee of conference, says
that I am troubled about these numerals. I
assert that he himself does not know what they
mean. He cannot know. He is not a mem-
ber of the Committee on Appropriations. No
Democratic member of the House Committee
on Appropriations or of the Senate Committee
on Appropriations was a member of this com-
mittee of conference. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] is a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means ; his time is
fully occupied, and I assert it is impossible
that he can be sufficiently informed in ref-
erence to these matters of appropriations to
guide the action of the House. Senator Cas-
serly, a Democratic member of the committee
of conference on the part of the Senate, is a
member ol' the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
not of the Committee on Appropriations, and
cannot be conversant with the matters referred
to in this report.
On Tuesday, the 15th day of March, the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
made in this House a speech, which I hold in
my hand, in which lie asserted that the com-
mittee would consent to give $400,000 toward
carrying on the work upon the New York post
office, but that they would not consent to ap-
propriate one dollar more until plans had been
adopted in accordance with the views which
the committee deemed proper. Yret after we
have rejected in our committee twice, and in this
House once, this proposition for an increased
expenditure upon the New York post office
this committee of conference propose to ap-
