1786
fflE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like the Sen-
ator to inform the Senate how a railroad com-
pany can exempt its botids from uational
taxation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. By paying
the taxation.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then it is not exempt
from taxation ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is exempt
so far as the private holders are concerned.
Then, 1 think, the Senator goes further, per-
haps, than heintended in intimating that the
Secretary of the Treasury has an offer of a
loan at four and a half per cent. I do not so
understand it. He never has so informed me,
and 1 have been frequently in communication
with him. He has informed tne that many
parties are very desirous to take this loan and
believe they can negotiate it; but not one of them
has offered to take any loan of $400,000,000
or any other sum that I am aware of. t believe
that parties abroad are so anxious to obtain
the manipulation of this loan, the handling of
it, that they wonld be very willing to encourage
the Secretary of the Treasury so as to be his
favorites whenever a loan should be offered to
the public, that they might be employed even
at a low rate of compensation. That Is all
that I think there is in the fact alluded to by
the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator state
the objection to leaving the provision as it is?
Suppose it stands at four and a half per cent.,
and it shall be necessary to negotiate bonds
bearing five per cent, interest, what harm will
then result?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hsfre so
often tried to make myself understood on that
point that I despair of making the Senator
from New York understand me, if I have not
already done go. Of course it postpones the
day when we can reduce our interest if we fail
to negotiate a loan now, as I think we shall
inevitably fail; and a postponement of it, I
think, •would leave us in a poorer position to
negotiate hereafter. It is palpable, of course,
that if this loan shonld fail now at four or four
and a half per cent;, we could not renew any
negotiations at a higher rate before Congress
should reassemble next year. There would be
that loss at all events; and then it is question-
able whether we should not be subjected to
much greater loss in a loan hereafter made.
But I have no desire to go into a debate on
this question.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to ask the
Senator from Vermont if he would "not modify
his amendment bo as to apply to the third sec-
tion, leaving the second section to stand as it
is? I think the Secretary of the Treasury
ought to have the power to try and negotiate a
four and a talf per cent. bond. I suggest to
the Senator, therefore, to apply his amendment
to the third Section, sb as to say "not exceed-
ing four and a half percent?," instead of five.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont*. I prefer to
lave it at five.
Mr. WARNER. :I do not propose to pro-
tract this discussion more than a mometft;
but there are oiie or'two things 111 regard to
this subject that f should like to say. Tina
country is now groaning under a public debt
which is a great burden to it. The one de-
mand, above all others, that comes up from
the people now is to be relieved from tne bur-
dens of taxation. The great political ques-
tions which have agitated the people have in
the main been settled. The great questions
of reconstruction, happily, are now upon the
eVe of successful ana happy solution. And
now the great problerti is how to relieve the
people ot' taxation. Here is a debt of some
$2,500,000,000 upon which we are paying, as
we think and as the people think, a high rate
of interest. The mass of the people of this
country believe that those who hold the bonds
of thia country, the public debt, are receiving
an undue interest upon their money; that
they nre a favored class; and they demand of
us with one voice that if possible we shall re-
lieve them of this burden and place this public
debt at a lower rate of interest.
In accordance with that demand the Commit-
tee on Finance have offered to the Senate a
plain bnsiness proposition, to authorize the
financial agent of the Government, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, to go into the money mar-
kets of our own country and of the world and
offer the security of the United States, a secur-
ity relieved of all equivocation, and payable
expressly in coin, principal ana interest, for
sale; and they have sought to adopt a medium
rate of interest. While there were many who
thought money might be borrowed at four per
cent., others thought it could not be borrowed
for less than five per cent. In this measure
the committee have aimed to absorb all the
capital which might be obtained at these sev-
eral different rates, providing for three loans
of $400,000,000 each, at four, four and a half,
and five per cent., respectively.
Nowj Mr. President, I am bound to believe,
i myself, that there is reason for trying to place
| a loan at a less rate than five per cent., espe-
i cially when that opinion is supported by the
t financial agent of the Government, that officer
who is in a position to know more in regard to
that matter than any of ^us individually can
know; and I must say that when the Secretary
of the Treasury comes here and says to ns that
he believes he can fund this national debt at a
less fate of interest than five per cent., it does
not behoove us to say to him " We will not
give you the authority to thus fund this debt,
but we will indicate by our action that this
debt cannot be fhnded at a less rate of interest
than five per cent.?' I am not willing to vote
for this amendment and thereby express a want
of faith in the credit of my own country. I am
not willing to do it in the face of the known
faith of the Secretary of the Treasury, that he
can place this loan at a lower tate. I tell you,
Mr. President, the people want this loan placed
at fowr and a half or four per cent., if it can be
done, and they will not thank us for saying to
the country and the world that we as their rep-
resentatives do not believe that this money can
be borrowed at four, four and a half, and five
per cent.
I share in the Opinion of the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams J thatthe ctedit of this
country onght to be, and soon will be, if it is
not now. better than that of any nation on the
face of the earth. I do not care to know at
what rate Russia or France or England can
borrow money in the markets of the world. I
believe that there is reason for the faith that
the credit of this country ought to be better
than that of any nation in the world. Our
resources are greater, our territory is greater,
our population will soon be greater. We are
at peace. All the difficulties of the late war
haVe passed away. Reconstruction will soon
have been an accomplished fact, and we shall
very soon I think express to the world our faith
in the peace and good will of our own people
hy a general act of amnesty Which shall wipe
out all traces of the rebellion, and place us
before the world a united, peaceful, and frater-
ualpeople.
With that state of facts, with prosperity in
all our borders, with the fact that within the
lifetime of men here sitting we shall have one
hundred million people prosperous and happy,
with abundance of land for all of them, 1
believe that the credit of this country will be
and ought to be better than that of any nation
of the world.
Why, Mr. President, Great Britain is now
groaning under the nightmare of over-popula-
tion. Ireland hangs upon her dissatisfied and
grumbling, a source of weakness and not of
power. Her colonies are attached to her by a
slender thread which may be broken any day.
India is an insecure possession. The stability
and credit of France hang upon the life of a
single sick man, and he is livingupon avolcano
which may burst forth at any moment and
ingulf the nation in the horrors of civil war.
Spain is in the throes of a revolution. Italy
has just been born into national life. Austria
is oppressed with a despotism which mars her
credit and is deeply in debt. The German
nation is but just reorganizing. Nowhere can
you find a parallel to the resources, to the
greatness, to the reason for the hope of sta-
bility that you find in this country ; and I think
it is a national pridej justified by the facts, to
say boldly to the world, " We do think that we
can borrow money lower than anybody else
because we ought to borrow it lower." The
taint of repudiation has passed. Our own peo-
ple, are convinced and the world is convinced
that we mean to meet our obligations fairly and
squarely; that there is no party in this country
that dare assert the doctrine of repudiation ;
and thus, with a fair, untarnished credit, I think
we ought to go into the markets of the world
with a bond bearing a not higher rate of interest
than that proposed in the bill of the Committee
on Finance.
Bat, Mr. President, we propose here three
different rates of interest. If these bonds are
to be absorbed in this country, if there is any-
body willing to loan money even at five per
cent., there is an opportunity of investment to
the extent of $400,000,000 provided for in
this bill. Then, again, there are $400,000,000
at four and a half, and $400,000,000 more at
four per cent.
Now, as to the payment of the interest upon
these bonds abroad, I cannot see any objection
to it. In Alabama if I want to borrow money
it is a matter of business, and I borrow it as
cheaply as I can ; and I do not think it any
discredit to the State of Alabama if I make
tiny note payable in the city of New York if
thereby I can negotiate a loan on more favor-
able terms. The merchant in the West makes
his note payable in New York because he
can thereby borrow money to better advan-
tage than if it were payable in his own town.
This proposition is simply common business
principles applied to the nationa 1 debt. The
committee think and the Secretary of the
Treasury thinks that he can borrow money for
the people upon better terms and a lower rate
Of interest by making the interest payable
abroad, and I ask what reason is there for
denying this privilege ? There can be none of
national pride. The pride of the country
coincides with the interest of the country,
which is to borrow money as cheaply as possi-
ble ; and I tell yon, Mr. President, there will
be no grumbling from the people on the point
of pride or of the flag if we can thereby get
this inoney at a half or a quarter of one per
cent, lower rate of interest. It is the dollars
saved that will count to the people, and not the
point of pride which is sought to be made in
this matter.
But, Mr. President, it is argued that it will
be difficult to pay this interest abroad. We
all agree to pay the interest on these bonds,
and not only the interest, but the principal, in
coin. If we make the interest payable here at
the different sub-Treasuries in the country we
all agree to pay it in coin. Now, if we have
the coin to pay it here we have the coin to
pay it in Europe. The same coin that will
pay the interest in this country will pay it
abroad.
Now, as to these agencies, it has already
been Btated that $1,000",000,000 of the present
indebtedness is held abroad. It is expected
that this loan must be mainly placed abroad,
and I think it is desirable that it should be
placed there. We have a growing, active
country, with its manifold enterprises pressing
on our people} and we do not want the capital
of this country absorbed in this national debt
at four and a half or five per cent, interest.
We are borrowing money for the people of this
country; arid we can afford to borrow money
