1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GIjOBE.
1787
from E«rope at four or fife per cent. interest
an<j Use oar money here at home in building
onr railroads, prosecuting our various projects
of internal improvement, manufactures, and
general development. We cannot expect to
place this loan at home when we know that
money here is worth ten or twelve per cent.;
and 1 repeat it is not desirable to absorb the
capital of this coantry in this way even if it
were possible. What we need in this country
is capital, and we ought to borrow money
abroad.
Now, what is the practical effect of this pro-
vision allowing interest to be pud abroad, and ,
also allowing agents there to negotiate the j
loan ? Every Senator will Comprehend very
clearly that the credit of these securities in the
various localities id Europe where bonds will j
be taken depends very much on the rep*e- :
Mutations the local bankers there make about
them. The citisens of Frankfort rely in a large
degree upon the statements and the advice
which their bankers, their financial men, give
in regard to the character of the securities in
which they invest. If you allowthe Secretary ;
of the Treasury, under the proper gnards, to
make various bankers throughout the European
world, who have the confidence of the people, '
of the capitalists, of their own depositors, to |
negotiate this loan they will plaoe it before
the people and say to their own depositors |
and friends, " Here is a good, safe security |
which you can safely invest in, and we advise
you to do so." What business man cannot |
comprehend the practical business effect of
that state of affairs among the people of i
Europe who are to take this loan ? I think it
is very clear.
One other point of objection to this bill i8 in
the discretion allowed the Secretary Of the
Treasury to expend not exceeding one per <5ent.
in negotiating the loan for all the expenses
attending it, including the printing of the bonds
and every other expense connected with it.
If we have confidence in the Secretary of the
Treasury, in his ability, in his discretion, and
in his integrity I do not see why we should hes-
itate to give him this margin. Is there a Sen-
ator here, particularly of the party in accord
with the Administration, who will say that
oar present Secretary of the Treasury will use
one dollar more of that one per cent., of that
$12,000,000, than the interest of the Govern-
ment shall require, or than will be absolutely
necessary to place this loan before the world to
negotiate it? I do not believe there is. But
look at it a moment.
Mr. President, this bill is a proposition to
save to the people of this country ftot leSs than
$300,000,000, supposing the average life of this
loan shall be twenty years. This bill provides
for three classes of bonds: ten-twenties, fifteen-
thirties, and twenty-forties. Now, suppose the
average duration or Mfe of this loan shall be
twenty years, the saving between the rate we
pay now and what we shall pay under this bill
will amount to more than three hundred mil-
lion dollars. That is what you are paying
your $12,000,000 for, if you are to pay it, if
yon pay one per cent. If the Secretary of the
Treasury shall use the whole of this brie per
cent, in negotiating this loan he will have spent
bnt $12,000,000 to save to the people of this
country between three and four hundred mil-
lion dollars.
Now, Mr. President, in my humble judg-
ment the people of this country have confi-
dence in the Secretary of the Treasury, and
they will not complain if he shall sptend five
or six or seven millions of this money wisely
in order to fund the national debt, when they
shall see that the result of that action is to save
to them an annual sum of $18,000,000j or a
sum during the life of this loan amounting to
no less than $360,000,000.
That is the question which is before us: shall
"e, by the passage of this bill, give into the
hands of the financial agent of the country
power to fund this debt and save the people
three off our hundred million dollars ? That
is the practical question which is before us.
Mr. President, this bill has another bearing
in my mind. In my judgment a vote for this
bill is a vote for the resumption of specie pay-
ments, and that right speedily. 1 have no
doubt but that the action of the Senate upon
this bill will have a very material influence in
that direction, and I believe that gold is tum-
bling down in Wall street, New York, in part
because it is believed that Congress are about
to say in the passage of this bill that the green-
backs, the hitherto dishonored and discredited
obligations of the national Government, are to
be funded into interest-bearing obligations. In
other Words, gold is falling because the public
believe that in thirty or sixty days from now,
perhaps in ten, the greenbacks of this country
will be worth nearly par because they can at
once be plaeed where they will draw four per
cent, interest, and I do not Bee, when that time
shall eome by the passage of this bill, how it
will be possible to keep greenbacks at more
than five per cent, below par, if at all below ;
beeause, supposing money to be worth an aver-
age of ten per cent, in this country, you niake
greenbacks worth four per oent: by the passage
of this bill, and I cannot dee ho# there can be !
a larger discount than the difference between
that rate and what money is actually worth.
When you add to that the fact that the obli-
gations into which these greenbacks may be
funded are free from all taxation you bring
them about to par. i
Mr. President, it seems to me that this mo- '
tion to raise the rate of interest upon these ]
bonds is a motion in the interest of the bond-
holders and against the interest of the tax-
payers and the people; and therefore I shall
vote against it. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to strike out in the second section "four
and a half" and insert "five" sis the rate of
interest. '
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator from Vermont if it is his
intention to affect by amendment the time in
which the Government may pay the bonder of
the new loan? I believe that p<Wrift cotnfet up
in the section that he ptfopostes t«f fcmend. Is
it the intention of the honorable member to
alter the time so that the Government may pay
sooner than the ten, fifteen, and twenty years
fixed?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. My proposi-
tion is now merely to change the rate of in-
terest. I do not propose myself to change
anything else in the section, and to leave the
time so that the Government will have differ-
ent opportunities for paying each one of these
loans.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The honorable Senator
does not propose to make a change in the time
within which* the Government may redeem any
portion of this loan. I do not intend to take
up the time of the Seriate at all; but of course
every Senator understands that by giving a vote
favorable to that idea we aBsert that this Sen-
ate is better capable of determining the ques-
tion than the Senate that may succeed us. We
say by that vote that there will not be oppor-
tunities afforded the Government hereafter to
borrow at a better rate of interest than now pre-
vails, and yon may go on duringthetenyears,and
then again during the fifteen years, and during
the twenty years without reducing the interest.
The Senate certainly say by their vote that
between this time and twenty years there will
be no Senate able to effect a better loan at a
lower rate of interest than that proposed by
this bill. Those who purchase money upon
Government securities of all kinds effect them
Because at the time they effect them the rate is
the highest they can get for that character of
security. Everybody in the world knows that
the tendency of the rate of interest on money
is growing less and less every year. Everybody
who has money knows that if he can secure to
himself for ten years a rate of interest that
prevails to-day he has accomplished great re-
sults for himself, and everybody knows that
those who are compelled to pay that rate of
interest must pay it from extraordinary exigen-
cies, their demands being of such a character
that they cannot wait for more favorable terms,
but borrow to-day at existing rates because
they are forced into that position.
Why not make this loan, like the loan or
funded debt of Great Britain, be payable at
the option of the Government, and let it then
seize a favorable opportunity, at any time that
money becomes cheaper, to get a lower rate?
It would be very much better for the people,
very much more creditable to the Government.
The ve*y fact that we limited the continuance
of the existing loan to five years enables you
to-day to step over the exigencies upon you
in the war ana fund at a lower rate of interest.
Is there anybody here who will Bay that there
may not be a time within the next five years
when you can fund any portion or perhaps all
of this indebtedness at a still lower rate of
interest than is proposed by this bill ? If there
are any such here they reverse every day of
the past, for up to the present time, since trade
and commerce became a power in the Govern-
ment of any country, lower rates of interest
have prevailed for the employment of capital.
It is not, I hope, the intention 6f the movers
of this bill to compel us to pay a high rate
without any option for the space of ten years,
when within that space there will be without
a question and without a doubt an opportunity
to fund this debt at a lower rate of interest,
arid then again for the fifteen years, and then
Again for the twenty years. If during the war
you could put a limit within which the Gov-
ernment could payits five-twenties and its ten-
forties, certainly there are no exigencies that
would compel you to prolong that time to-day.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Vermont to this point,
that by this amendment he will authorize a
long bond, a twenty-forty bond, for five per
cent. I wish to. ask him whether he intends
to offer a loaf bond, and the lotigest bond far
the series*-ftfeive per cent., baling two other
bonds running a shorter time at the same rate
per cent.? Of course the long bond will be
the first one taken. I hardly think that with
that state of things the idea of the Senator
would be fairly expressed. I had intended to
vote for this amendment, but I do not know
whether I want to offer a long five per cent,
bond.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I shall be
quite willing to vote for a shorter bontl, bnt my
first point is to offer loans at a ratcat which
we can negotiate them. Then* wfeert St tomes
to the time, it is quite imttlljWitf. We have
already altered the firsts *** ! shall have no
objection to altering*the second.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. PresicJent, I desire
to say a'Word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
riot in order; the call of the roll has been com-
menced.
The Secretary concluded the call of the roll,
Mr. CAMERON, (who had voted "yea."J
I change my vote. If I had had an opportu-
nity of making an explanation I should prefer
to vote "yea. Not having had that I vote
"nay," because no man can explain why he
would not agree to take less than five per cent.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I am desired by my col-
league [Mr. Lewis] to say that he is too
unwell to remain in his seat.
The result was announced—yeas 8, nays 40;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Casserly. Ferry, Johnston, Morrill of Vermont, and
Stockton—8.
i NAYS—Messrs. Boroman, Cameron. Chandler,
_ . .. _ . . « — tfow-
How-
NAYS—Messrs. Boroman, Cameron. Chandl
Cole, Conklinc, Corbett, J>avUJ>rake. Fjnton, 1 a
Icr, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harris, Howard, Howe, Ho
