1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4619
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was next on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. MUNGEN. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The.yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr, DICKEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that th« motion to tecoiisider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the sundry civil appropriation bill,
but yield to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Cuixom] to have a bill re'ferred.
KBVV J1EXICO.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Territories, reported a
bill (II. R. No. 2270) to authorize the people
of New Mexico to form a constitution and State
government, previous to their admission into
the Union as a State, with the name of Lincoln,
on an equal footing with the original States;
which was read a first and second time, recom-
mitted to the same committee, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIQUIDATION 06' NATIONAL, ISA.NKS.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Banking
and Currency the bill (H. II. No. 2062) to
require national banks going into liquidation
to retire their circulating notes.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that every bank that has heretofore gone
into liquidation under the provisions of sec-
tion forty-two of the national currency act
shall be required to deposit lawful money of
the United States for its outstanding circula-
tion within sixty days from the date of the
passage of this act. And every bank that may
hereafter go into liquidation shall be required
to deposit lawful money of the United States
for its outstanding circulation within sixty days
from the date of the vote to go into liquida-
tion ; whereupon the bonds pledged as secur-
ity for such circulation shall be surrendered to
the association making such deposit. And if
any bank shall fail to make the deposit and
take up its bonds for thirty days after the ex-
piration of the time specified, the Comptroller
of the Currency shall have power to sell the
bonds pledged for the circulation of said bank
at public auction in New York city, and after
providing for the redemption and cancellation
of said circulation, and the necessary expenses
of the sale, to pay over any balance remaining
from the proceeds to the bank or its legal rep-
resentative. Banks which are Y/inding up in
good faith for the purpose of consolidating
with other banks are to be exempt from the
provisions of this act; and the assets and lia- (
bilities of banks so in liquidation shall be
reported by the banks with which they are in
process of consolidation.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
reporting of the bill?
Mr. McGREW. 1 object.
Mr. COX. I move to suspend the rales. I
beg leave to state to the House that this is a
unanimous report from the Committee on bank-
ing and Currency. The bill is only intended
to facilitate the closing up of those banks which
are in liquidation; it aifects no bank that is
really alive, and is for the purpose ot prevent-
ing dilatory movements on the part of banks
which ought to be closed. If they do not close
the Comptroller of the Currency is to bring
them to account and have them closed, ibe
bill sneaks for itself.
Mr. McGREW. Is it reported by the con-
sent of the committee ?
Mr. COX. It is by the unanimous consent
of the committee after a very careful examina-
tion, and by the advice of the Comptroller of
the Currency.
Mr. McGREW. In that easel withdraw my
objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I would ask
the gentleman from New York if the inevitable
result would not be to curtail the currency;
whether, if they have to deposit this lawful
money as security, it will not take it out of the
ordinary currency of the country, and keep it
from being used in the business of the country ?
Mr. COX. Well, I suppose some little insig-
nificant amount may be withdrawn from cir-
culation.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I do not care
how much or how little it may be, we have
now enough security in the bonds deposited by
the banks.
Mr. RANDALL. We have expanded the
currency $60,000,000.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Well, we
ought to expand it $00,000,000 more.
Mr. COX. This bill has nothing to do eiiher
with expansion or contraction.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time ; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CUBA.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask leave to offer the
following resolution:
Remlved,, That ill is House concurs fatly with the
President of the United States in the sentiment of
his recent message, that in the contest between the
Spaniards and LheCubans " therecanbcno justsym-
pathy in a conflict carriod on by both parties alike
in such barbarous violation of the rules of civilized
nations and with such continued outrage upon the
plainest principles of humanity," and learns with
satisfaction that " solemn protests have been raade
against any infraction of the rights either of indi-
vidual citizens of the United States or the lights of
our flag upon the high seas, and all proper steps
have been taken and are being pressed for the proper
reparation of every indignity complained of," and
that his course is in conformity with the usages and
traditions of this Government in similar cases, and
merits the approval of the country.
Mr. FOX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
48, noes 00.
Mr. FOX. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will not press his resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is very manifest that
this resolution has excited a degree of feeling
on the other side of the House which 1 had
not anticipated, and it seems likely to be met
with the kind of tactical operation sometimes
termed filibustering. If it is the purpose of
gentlemen to defeat action on the resolution I
do not wish it to come in the way of all the
other business of the House ; and if that pur-
pose is announced on the other side I will
withdraw the resolution.
Mr. CULLOM. 1 hope the House will ad-
journ. At this late hour the Committee on
Appropriations will not ask the House to act
on another bill this evening.
Mr. MAYNARD. Iwithdrawtheresolution.
Mr. FOX. I insist on my motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is with-
drawn.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That was not
our motive. We want to adjourn, because we
have done business enough to-day.
Mr. FOX. I insisted on my motion, and
asked for the yeas and nays for the reason
that it is so intensely hot here, and I tkiuk we
have done work enough tor one day.
Mr. SC0F1ELD. Before the question is
put upon the motion to adjourn, I ask the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Fox] if he will
allow me to introduce for action iio.w a little
bill to give seamen the benefit of a bill we
passed the other day to furnish artificial limbs
to disabled soldiers?
Mr. FOX. I do not object to that, and will
withdraw my motion.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS TO DISABLED SEAMEN.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2277) supplement-
ary to an act to provide for furnishing artificial
limbs to disabled soldiers; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
benefits of the act approved June 17, 1870,
entitled "An act to provide for furnishing arti-
ficial limbs to disabled soldiers," shall be ex-
tended to all officers, soldiers, and seamen dis-
abled in the military or naval service of the
United States as fully as the same is provided
for in the acts approved July 16,1862, July 28,
1866, and July 27, 1868, in so far as the said
acts relate to artificial limbs, and the transport-
ation for procuring said limbs.
Mr. RANDALL. I would suggest to my
colleague [Mr. Scofield] to modify his bill
by inserting the word " marines."
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think the construction
of the law includes them.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 think so myself; but
there is a doubt upon the subject.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Very well; I have no
objection. I will move to amend by inserting
the words "and marines" after the word
" seamen."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RICHARD P. SPENCER.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on the
Judiciary, with a recommendation that the
sara<4 be passed, House bill No. 1537, for the
relief of Richard P. Spencer.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue to Richard P.
Spencer, of Deep River, Connecticut, a proper
certificate of the registered stock of the United
States of the ten-forty loan, under the act of
March 3, 1864, to the amount of $10,000, in
lieu of a certificate of said loan numbered
11656, for $10,000 belonging to him and lost
while passing through the mail; provided that
said Spencer shall givebond, with surety, to the
satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
conditioned to indemnify the United States
against any claim upon or in respect of said
first-mentioned certificate.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ;_and accordingly
(at four o'clock and twenty minutes p. in.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS
Additional papers relative
