1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2731
propriate $100,000 additional, or $500,000, for
the New York post office, and to appropriate
$50,000 additional for the post office at Boston,
and $50,000 additional for the branch mint at
San Francisco, all of which propositions had
been rejected by us three times. In addition to
that the committee have added an appropria-
tion for the Chicago custom-house, about which
we knew nothing, which was not in our bill,
which was added in the Senate, and which was
not printed in the Senate bill, and was not to be
found anywhere except in an unprinted form.
Our information is that the appropriation for
this building at Chicago is very largely above
the estimate and' in palpable violation of the
act of Congress. In this manner $1,500,000
have been disposed of. And this House has
been gagged ; members have not been allowed
to open their mouths except in a few words of
explanation.
The report provides for contracts with refer-
ence to these public works. But what are those
contracts worth ? Turn to the Globe of the 15th
of March last and you will find remarks of the
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] showing that these pretended contracts
do not amount to any thing as limitations. We
appropriated at one time, as he states, lifty or
tilly-five thousand dollars for a custom-house
at Boston, limiting the expenditure to that
amount; but it cost a million dollars or more.
Again, we appropriated $75,000 for a building
at Cincinnati, which cost $292,000; $75,000
for a building at Louisville, which cost $262,-
000; $96,000 for a building at Milwaukee,
which cost $173,000 ; $100,000 for a building
at Mobile, which cost $391,000; $100,000 for
a building at Richmond, which cost $255,000 ;
$200,000 for a Treasury building at New York,
which cost over one million dollars. In every
one of those cases there was an express lim-
itation of the expenditure, providing the total
expense should not exceed the amount appro-
priated. In some cases a commission was
appointed to take charge of these buildings ;
yet the results have been such as I have stated.
We are now called upon lo take this report
upon faith. As 1 have already remarked,
neither the Democratic member of the House
Committee on Appropriations nor the Demo-
cratic member of the Senate Committee on
Appropriations was a member of t'xiiscommittee
of conference. The only members of the com-
mittee of conference ou the Democratic side
of the House are men who never examined
these questions of appropriations, and whose
States get large appropriations ; and we are
finked by it to take their report on faith. I
object to doing so, however fair and honest the
report. 1 have no complaint to make of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions. I believe he may be trying to do right;
bat his professions of economy are not ad-
hered to I do not think it right for us to vote
blindly upon questions of this kind; hence my
objection to this inconsideiate and hasty
action, which seems to be an effort to shut out
the truth from the members of this House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana for three minutes.
Mr. COBURN. That is quite a short time
in which to discuss this important matter. Mr.
Speaker, the House will remember when we had
this matter up before that the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes]
expressly said he would not ask for any addi-
tional appropriations for these public buildings
until he introduced a bill to become a law pro-
viding for plaus and specifications limiting the
amount they were to cost, and fixing determin-
ately the whole matter as to these buildings.
But now, while he asks for greater sums of
money, what do we see? Just what the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck:] has said.
A proposition parallel to that which has been
hooted and scouted at in all the former debates
on this subject. It is simply a proposition to
limit the amount of the cost of these buildings.
That is a proposition which might as well be
left out. What is the phrase in this proviso
recommended by the committee of conference ?
It is as follows: "And the expenditure of any
sum of money in violation of this proviso shall
be deemed unlawful." What does that amount
to ? There is no penalty attached to it. There
is no punishment provided for any officer who
shall go on and spend more money. There is
nothing of the kind. The officer in charge of
the buildings can go on, and, as in years past,
double the amount of the appropriation, and
no one will be punished for it. This places no
check, no obstacle in the way of unlimited
expenditure and extravagance so loudly com-
plained of in all quarters.
I say, sir, this conference report ought to
be recommitted to the Committee on Appro-
priations, in order that a proper provision of
the kind suggested may be made. I say, sir,
that the Secretary of the Treasury, or any
other officer of the Government who will
authorize the expenditure of money on any
of these constructions over and above the
amount specially appropriated by the Repre-
sentatives of the people should be instantly
expelled from office. This habit of expend-
ing money on the part of officers of the Gov-
ernment without authority must be stopped,
and I am in favor of stopping it inside of the
Republican party; for if it is not stopped inside
of the Republican party it will be stopped by
the people outside of it.
Mr. DAWES. I nowyield to the gentleman
from Michigan for three minutes.
Mr. FERRY". Mr. Speaker, 1 deem it to be
my duty as a member of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads to answer briefly
but definitely the charge made by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] that
the report which the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnswortii] had read partially at the
Clerk's desk was not the report of that com-
mittee as represented by the majority signing
the same.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What I
said was that the report was not considered in
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. FERRY. The gentleman says he said
that lie was so informed. I desire to state to
the House, as a member of that committee, that
this is the reporlofthe committee as was finally
agreed upon and directed to be made to the
House. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Twiouell] has stated that on the 26th of
March last a report was made by the commit-
tee, and that this one of April 14 is not a report
of the committee.
Mr. TW1CHELL. I have not said that this
report was not signed by members of that com-
mittee. What 1 said was that on the 2Gth of
March a report was made by a majority of the
committee and ordered to be printed, and when
this was presented yesterday I had not an
opportunity of hearing it.
Mr. FERRY. I will state lo the House, Mr.
Speaker, that the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads did not make a report until the
14th of April. The committee, in the progress
of their investigation, and finding' they could
not unanimously agree, did request the Public
Printer to print the report heretofore published
for the convenience of the committee, and that
they might furthermore intelligently consider
it. In the interim the geutleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. TwichellJ proposed to the com-
mittee that the supervising architect should
send in certain letters which had not appeared
before the committee. It was the first time
the committee heard of those letters, and the
members expressed their readiness to receive
them. On the receipt of those letters the com-
mittee reexamined and revised that printed
report, so as to include whatever they deemed
proper in reference to those letters. And I
will state now that those letters hava gone lo
the printing office to be printed in full. The
committee did not deem it necessary to borden
the report by embodying these letters m ex-
tenso. I repeatthat the Committee ou the Post.
Office and Post Roads never made any report
on this subject until April 14. The printed
document to which the gentleman has.referred
is not in any sense to be considered as a report
of the committee. It will be seen by the print
which I hold in my hand that it has no num-
ber to designate its order, which all regular
reports must have. It is simply a proof sheet
for the benefit of the members in more con-
veniently and correctly making up their final
report.
I will state further, that in the consideratioa
of this subject, at many meetings of the com-'
mittee, there appeared during the whole pro-
gress of the investigation harmony and sub-
stantial accord among the members of the com-
mittee until final conclusion was reached, when,
from the action of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. TwtcnELL] and the gentleman
from Nevada, [Mr. Fitcii,] itappeared that the
committee was not a unit upon the question.
Then we concluded to prepare the report of the
majority of the commitlee,^ and left those two
gentlemen to prepare their minority report.
Pending this, and at the instance of the gen-
tleman himself, other testimony wasintroduced.
A Mr. Gardner was examined as a witness
before the committee, and it was necessary to
include his testimony in the report. So ranch
of that has been included as was deemed per-
tinent, and this is the first report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. DAWES. I have only to say that the
committee of conference have kept the pledge
that was made here upon this floor, in reference
to the New York and Boston post offices, to
the letter.
Mr. TWICHELL. I desire to say, with
reference to what has been stated by my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Ferry] 
Mr. DAWES. I must object to any further
debate.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference, on
which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. In the event of this report
beingnon-coucurred in, can the House appoint
another committee of conference?
The SPEAKER. It would in that case be a
necessity, under the rule, to appoint another
committee of conference.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 'J'J, nays 71, not voting
50; as follows:
YUAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Armstrong, At-
wood, AxtelJ, Ayor, Banks, tieainan, Bennett,Ben-
ton, Boles, Booker, Boyd. George M.Brooks. Jamos
Brooks, liudintou, (Jake, (Jalkin, Churchill, William
T. Cliuk, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cubb, Cox.CuIIoib,
Davis. D.'i.wf-', Degener, Die I; ey, Dixon, Dock cry,
Kla, Farnsworth. Kerriss, Ferry, Fisher, Gnifiold,
Uriswold, Hale. Hamilton, llawley, Hooper, Hotch-
kiiss, Insert-oil, Jeaekos. Johnson, Alexander 11.
Jones, Judd, Julian, lvelley, JCellogg, Kelsey,
Knapp, Logan, Mayham, Maynard, McCarthy. Me-
Kunzio, Mcionr, Milne.-. Jer.-.e H. Moore, William
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Paine,
Palmer, Peters, Phelps, Piatt,Poland, Porter, Pot-
ter, Protser, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Seheuek,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Slocuin, John A. Smitb, William
J. Smith, Wort.hington C. Smith, Starkweather,
ritokos. Strong, 'fanner. Tiilman.Townserjd, Xivick-
ell, tj fj.-,on. Van if en n, Van Wyek, Voorhecs, Ward,
Cadwalader 0. Washburn, Wheeler, Wilkinson,
AVinans, and Wood—99.
KAYS—lUe-^rs. Adauis, Aiubler, Asper, Bea-tty,
Beck, Biggs, Bird, Buckley, Bureliard, Burr, Ben-
jamin F. liuiler, Ce.-e na, Sidney Clarke, AmasaCobb,
Coburn, Cook, Conger, Conner, Cowles, Dickinson,
1)ox. Duval, Eldridge, Finkclilburg, Get/,, (xibpon,
llaldeman, llaniMeton. Ilamill, Harris, Hawkins,
Hay, Jloiiuan. Kerr, Knott, Lawrence, Loughridge,
Marshall. McCrary, MeSrew, MeKee, McTveety, Lh-
akim 11. Mooi e, Morgan, Mnngen, Kegtey, IS i black.
Orth. Packer, Pomeroy, Randall, Beeves, Sogers,
Joseph S. Smitli, Stiles, fetonc. Strador, bwiuin,
Sweeney, 'I'.iffe, Taylor, Trimble, 'i'yner. \V olkcr,
Wlutrnoio. Willard. Williuiiis, Eugene Al. vViison*
John 'I'. Wilson, Witcher, and Woodward—71.
NUT V'jX.LNei—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Bailey,
Heat'in, Heflin, Hill, Hoar, lloge, ThoraasL. Jones,
Kelebam. Laflin, Lu,~h, Lynch, MeConmck, Mot-
phis ,Samuel P. Morrill, iUorri«ey,Packard, Peiee,
