1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3675
that has the greatest collection of learned men,
the city that has the most science, civilization,
and literature in the whole country. If that
city has become a Sodom and Gomorrah, so
that the Congress of the United States, the
whole power of the Republic, is to be exerted
to put down crime and fraud and cheating and
perjury there, then I hope that no American
hereafter will be found to boast of the great
Republic. It is the great city whose name is
known wherever civilization exists, nay, beyond
the limits of civilization. If that city, which
is our pride and our boast, is a mere sink of
iniquity; if she is a thing that stinks in the
nostrils of all honest men, and the whole power
of the Republic is to be brought to bear upon
her, and the heel of the nation is to be set upon
her, then, for God's sake, do not boast of New
York or pay any more pilgrimages to that city;
do not visit her any more; shun her as you
would a pestilence ; keep away from her ; let
her be anathema maranatha; do not any more
go to New York. You who have bonds to sell,
do not go there; you who have money to
borrow, do not go there any more; you who
have goods to buy, and want credit, do not go
there any more ; go to Baltimore, that slaugh-
tered the patriots of Massachusetts in 1861; go
to Richmond, that accursed city of the rebels;
go to Louisville, go somewhere else ; do not go
to that sink of iniquity, that concentration o'f
all that is vile, the city of New York !
Mr. President, I do not think that anything
but one o'clock in the morning could make
me speak as I have been speaking for a little
while; but now i must come back to the law,
and I have been so long at it that it has got to
be a second nature. Again I see that my
friend from Wisconsin wants to ask me a ques-
tion, and I will sit down to oblige him.
Mr. CARPENTER. I soppose it will not
fake any additional time, as the Senator is
gofng to speak until morning, and he may as
well be relieved occasionally. The real diffi-
culty, the real serious objection to these two
sections that I see is this: inasmuch as the
election takes place at the same time and place
for officers under the General Government, to
wit, members of Congress and officers of the
State government, if the penalties attached to
our law are sufficient sanctions to compel
obedience to it the New York repeaters, as
they go to the polls, will be in this predic-
ament: they will be compelled to vote hon-
estly for Federal officers, and will be left to
their old practices on State officers ; and this
will produce such an almighty perplexity on
their part that I am afraid they will not vote
at all. [Laughter. ]
Mr. THUBMAN. My friend will recollect
that all are voted for on the same ticket; and j
I should like to know how the perplexity will i
exist at all. Besides, there is the secret ballot. !
I should like to know how hewill catch them, j
That will do-for one o'clock, in the morning, !
but it will not do in good broad daylight, j
[Laughter. ]
Now, Mr. President, wjaat is this power ;
under which it is pretended that Congress can !
pass such a law as is proposed in these two '
sections? What is it? It is this: !
."The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in eaoh State by the Legislature thereof;
but the Congress may at any time by law make or :
alter such regulations, except as to the places of
choosing Senators."
Now, I want the attention of my friend from
Wisconsin; I do not want him to run away as |
I see he is about to do. I want him to admit,
what as a lawyer he well knows, that every ;
instrument that delegates power is to be strictly j
construed. That is just exactly as true of a pri- j
vate delegation., of a private power of attorney, :
as it is of a constitution; and it is eminently :
true of a constitution that a delegation of I
power, as it is in derogation of the authority |
of the principal, is to be construed strictly. I
He shakes his head. I cannot help it. Such j
is the law. That reminds me of a remark I,
made, if I am not mistaken, by Sir Matthew
Hale. I think I am not mistaken in the chro-
nology. I find it in one of the old reports that
Sir Matthew, having delivered an opinion, Sir
Bartholomew Shower, being at the bar, shook
his head, and Sir Matthew instantly said that
the learned counsel might shake again, but the
law was even so. I think my learned friend
will find it in a note to Saunders' Reports. So
I say to my friend from Wisconsin, he may
shake his head, but the law is even so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. " May shake his
, head, but there's nothing in it." [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. THURMAN. That was Curran's re-
mark. Sir Matthew Hale's was that the learned
counsel might shake his head, but the law was
even so.
Mr. SUMNER. Was that said to Sir Bar-
tholomew Shower?
Mr. THURMAN. I maybe mistaken about
the judge 
Mr. SUMNER. You are mistaken about
the person to whom it was said.
Mr. THURMAN. It was Holt.
Mr. SUMNER. Shower and Holt were con-
temporaries. Shower and Hale were not.
Mr. THURMAN. I think the Senator from
Massachusetts is right; it was Holt. I expressed
the opinion that it was Hale with some doubt.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator will allow
me to say that the shaking of the head merely
indicates this: that before I can admit his
statement that a grant must necessarily be con-
strued strictly, we mnst come to an under-
standing as to what is meant by the phrase
" strictly." That is one of the debatable points
in all the discussions on this subject. Within
one definition of strictness his proposition is
correct; within another it is incorrect; the
true principle being that every gi-ant of power,
like every other instrument, is to be construed
reasonably to effectuate the purpose which the
parties to it had in view.
Mr. THURMAN. That is veiy true. In-
deed that may be said of every single instru-
ment that is construed by reason; but we know
the difference, the Senator knows the difference
between a strict construction and a latitudina-
rian construction. He knows the difference
between a construction which fully satisfies
the words and that builds no implication upon
implication and a latitudinarian construction
that does build implication upon implication ;
or in other words, as it is expressed by the
logicians, that draws inference from inference.
The Senator knows that very well, and he
knows as well as any one that if you once
admit the principle of drawing an inference,
and then drawing another inference from that,
you may go on ad infinitum, and that there is
no limit at all. I do not claim to be a Pascal,
I do not claim to be a Calhoun, to reason in
the way that they would reason; but if the
Senator would look at the words of Pascal,
and see how that thing is exposed, how it is
that you can draw inference from inference,
until you can embrace this whole world in a
little bit of a premise with which you started,
he will see that that is a mode of reasoning
which both men and gods forbid.
Mr. CARPENTER. Does the Senator al-
lude to " Paschall on the Constitution?"
[Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. No; not Paschall of
Texas. That is very good in my friend, but
he knows very well what Pascal I alluded to.
Paschall on. the Constitution is a book I have
never seen, although I was very much urged
by a nicely printed note that I got to vote for
any number of copies of it at the public ex-
pense, in order to enlighten us what the Con-
stitution was; but having formed my own ideas
of what it was without the aid of Paschall,
either the French Pascal or the Texan Pas-
chall, I did not subscribe. [Laughter.]
What is this provision ?
" The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions*'—
" Holding elections;" mark that.
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall bo pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof;"—
That gives you no power—
"but the Congress may at any time by law make or
alter such regulations, except as to the places of
choosing Senators."
What, then, may Congress do? It may alter
regulations made by the States as to the times,
places,'and manner of holding elections tor
Senators and Representatives, or it may make
such regulations. I grant it may make them.
Now, what is a regulation as to the time? This
amendment does not affect the time. A regu-
lation as to place? This amendment does not,
affect the place. It is then, if defensible at all,
a regulation as to the manner of holding elec-
tions. What is it? What are the substan-
tive words? "The manner of holding elec-
tions." That is all there is of it. Now, by
jvhat fair reasoning, in God's world, can you
spread that over such an amendment as this ?
Mr. DAVIS. When does theholdingbegin?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, when does the hold-
ing begin ?—a most pertinent question of my
friend from Kentucky. Youramendment goes
before the holding; it goes to the case of a
man who shall, by bribery or the like, prevent
a man from going to that election befoie the
holding begins.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. Suppose an act of
Congress should provide that, the election of
members of Congress should be held in this
way: that on the 1st day of November the
voters should all appear at a certain place and
read the ConstitOtion of the United States and
then disperse; that on the 10th day of the
month they should read the Sermon on the
Mount and then disperse ; that on the next day
they should meet and register their names ;
and that on the day after that they should meet
and deposit their ballots. That, of course,
would be a very useless and nonsensical pro-
vision ; but would it not be a "manner," an
absurd manner, but still a manner of conduct-
ing the election?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir; it would not be
any manner of holding the election at all. I
pressed it awhile ago, when the Senator was
here, and I think I pressed it upon him outside
with an illustration, that extreme cases proved
nothing. But suppose that the Congress of the
United States, or that the State Legislature
should require each one of the electors to come
and hear the sermon, would that have anything
to do with the holding of the election? And
here, by the way, let me say parenthetically,
that you put a poor preacher in jail in Buffalo
during the war because he read that Sermon on
the Mount; because the Sermon on the Mount
was not "loyal" during the war!
Mr. CARPENTER. He did not preach
right. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. But he read the Sermon
on the Mount, and they put him in prison for
reading the Sermon on the Mount. I say, to
suppose that Congress or a State Legislature
would require such a thing as that illustrates
nothing; it is not a point worthy of the intel-
lect of my friend from Wisconsin. The power
is, that Congress may prescribe the manner of
holding the election. What was meant by that?
I commend my friend to the great debate on
that power in which Mr. Calhoun participated.
I commend it to him because I recollect in the
tenure of office bill discussion he read us a
long argument of John C. Calhoun, and he
was wholly above that miserable narrow-mind-
edness, or rather demagogism, that under-
takes to condemn everything because it fell
from the mouth of John C. Calhoun. He read
us the argument of John C. Calhoun, and the
strongest that ever was made, to show that the
President could not remove from office with -
out the consent of the Senate. Now, I ask
