3676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
him to go buck to the times when the discus- |
sion took place in the Congress of the United '
Slates on the hill to require that members of !
the House ot Representatives should be elected
in single districts. Before that time some of
the States elected them by general ticket, and
the consequence was that the dominant party
in the State elected all the members. That
was the case in Georgia, and it was the case in
several other States. Mr. Calhoun caused a
bill to be introduced, and supported it in an
argument of very great power indeed, by which
it. was required that members should be elected
in single districts; aud that was done under
this authority of Congress to regulate the man-
ner of the election.
That was considered a very great stretch;
some of the greatest statesmen of that day
differed i'rotn him in opinion as to whether
Congress had any such power; but the whole
provision of the Constitution in this respect
was fathomed to its very depth in that great
discussion, in which Webster took part, in
which Calhoun took part, in which Benton took
part, in which Berrien took part, in which the
greatest minds of the Senate at that day took
part; and what was the understanding? That
this power as to the manner of holding elec-
tions referred to this: in the lirst place, you
might require members of Congress to be
elected in single districts or by general ticket,
as you saw fit; in the second place, you might
require them to be elected viva voce or by bal-
lot ; you might require that the polls should be
open, perhaps, for a particular time, for that
would relate to the manner. But not one
statesman of that day contended for a moment
that you had any right whatsoever to oust the
State authorities, where the State was fulfilling
her duty of appointing judges of the election
or the like, or that you might undertake by
penal laws to go beyond the question of the
manner of holding elections and punish indi-
viduals as this bill proposes.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator a question. He admits that Congress
may prescribe the manner of holding the elec-
tion ; that is to say, to prescribe that it may be
by ballot.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes.
Mr. MORTON. If Congress has the power
to say that the election shall be by ballot, I ask
if it has'not the power to protect the ballot, to
protect men in the exercise of that right ? If
it has not got that power, then the right to say
that the election shall be by ballot amounts
to nothing. Congress may say that the elec-
tion may be by ballot; but according to the
argument of the Senator from Ohio it has no
power to punish offenses against the ballot.
Perhaps the State will refuse to enact any laws
on that subject. Then the power given to Con-
gress goes for nothing. Now, the power to say
that the election may be held by ballot implies
the power to protect the ballot, and the power
to protect the ballot carries with it the right to
provide the particular way in which the ballot
shall be cast, and to determine what persons ;
shall cast the ballot. If Congress has the right i
to determine what persons shall cast the ballot,
in determining that the election shall be by ;
ballot, then it has a right to provide registra- j
tion as a test or as a means of fixing that right;
and if it has a right to provide registration, then j
it has a right to punish offenses against the !
registration. In other words, the right to do ■
a thing implies the right to protect the thing !
to be done, -and that is the whole of it; and
when the Senator admits that, he admits every
right that is necessary to the enjoyment or pro-
tection of it.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, that is a
favorite argument of my friend from Indiana.
I think I have heard it now I'or abont the sixth
time. I did not know before, though, that it
was so extensive. I think I have heard him
say again and again that the right to recon-
struct included the right to protect reconstruc-
tion ; and having got the right to reconstruct
upon an inference from the Constitution, he
then draws another inference from that and
gets the right to protect reconstruction ; and
so he goes on until there is not one single right
left to the States or to the people of this coun-
try that is not at the mercy of Congress.
Mr. MORTON. That is no answer.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator says Con-
gress may prescribe that the election for mem-
bers of Congress shall be by hallot. I say so,
too. Under the power to regulate the manner
of holding the election Congress may require
that, it shall be by ballot. That is my opinion.
Others may differ with me on that point; but
that is my opinion. I think that was pretty
generally conceded in the discussion to which
I have referred. My friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis,] who heard that discussion as
well as 1 did, will recollect how that was.
But now what does the Senator from Indi-
aua say? That the right to prescribe the man-
ner of holding the election involves the right
to say who shall vote. That is what the Sen-
ator said, and he says that in the face 
Mr. MORTON. I did not say that.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator said that.
If he takes it back, well and good,
Mr. MORTON. I did not mean to speak
in general terms of determining the qualifica-
tions of the voter. That matter is to be de-
termined by the State law, except so far as it
may be changed by the fifteenth amendment.
My whole argument goes to this point, that the
right to prescribe a regulation carries with it
the right to protect the regulation ; otherwise
it is nonsense. If Congress has the right to
prescribe the ballot, it must have the power
to protect the ballot, or else prescribing it
goes for nothing.
Mr. THURMAN. I am the last man in the
world to hold a disputant to an unfortunate
expression that he may have made use of in
the heat of debate without sufficient reflection.
We are all liable to that.
Mr. MORTON. I did not mean to say that
Congress had the right to prescribe qualifica-
tions. If I said that, I did not intend it.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator did say that
if Congress had the right to prescribe the man-
ner of holding the election it had the right to
prescribe the manner of voting; but if it was a
mere lapsus lingua?, I shall not hold him to
his words.
Mr. MORTON. I will explain. If Congress
has the right to prescribe the manner of hold-
ing elections, it has a right to prescribe the
test by which it will determine who has the
right to vote according to the State law. That
is what I mean: that Congress has the right
to say that the men who have a right to vote
under the State law shall vote by ballot. Then
how are you to determine the question who
has the right to vote under the State law? I
would say—but that is not perhaps involved
in this question—that Congress has a right to
prescribe registration as a mode of determin-
ing the question who has a right to vote under
the laws of the State ; in other words, as fur-
nishing the evidence as to who shall cast the
ballot.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I am
perfectly willing that the Senator should have
the benefit of his explanation. As I said be-
fore, I know very well the infirmities of a speech,
I know how liable we are to say things in the
heat of discussion that we do not actually mean,
and how much we need the mantle of charity
to be cast over all our short-comings and all
our errors; and therefore I do not by any
means hold the Senator to the remark he
made.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator understands
me now, if he did not before.
Mr. THURMAN. I give the Senator the
benefit of his explanation ; but I do not at all
agree with him upon his theory. His theory
is that if Congress has the right to prescribe
the manner of holding elections, and that in-
cludes the right to prescribe that the election
shall be by ballot, that gives to Congress a
complete and plenary power to pass a criminal
code in regard to elections. I say it does no
such thing. It is an utter confounding of the
jurisdiction of the States and of the Federal
Government. It is a perfect ignoring of all the
history of this country. If there was one thing
about which our forefathers were more jealous
than another it was that the States each for
itself should determine the qualifications of
electors, and should prescribe the laws which
were to preserve the purity of elections.
But, Mr. President, I believe I had occasion
the other day to remark to the Senate that I
was not accustomed to speak for buncombe.
I said in the opening of the debate on this bill
that I spoke with the hope of convincing the
Senate that the bill was not such as ought to
be passed. I have the gratification to know
that, not by any efforts of mine, not at all by
anything 1 have said, but by the good sense
of the Senate and the arguments urged by
other Senators, the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] among the number, this bill has been
shorn of some of its proportions. It began
to "grow small by degrees and beautifully
less" until my colleague was afraid it would
vanish into thin air, and therefore sought to re-
store its rotundity by incorporating into it this
wholly foreign element. But as 1 do not like
to speak to empty seats, as I speak simply for
a practical purpose of convincing the Senate,
as I know that the Senator from Indiana is
"joined to his idols," and that I ought to " let
him alone;" and the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Carpenter,] while he agrees with me
entirely, finds it due to himself as a dialec-
tician to controvert my propositions ; and the
other Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe]
is enjoying the scene as he always does with
his love of humor; and my friend from Maine
over yonder [Mr. Morrill] is dreaming over
the prospects of getting up the appropriation
bill, [laughter,] I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. [Nine minutes past one o'clock
a. m., Saturday.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I ask for a division.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 8, noes 19; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEWART. I believe there is a quo-
rum here now. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays. Let us have another division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the call for the yeas and nays will
be considered as withdrawn. The Chair will
again put the question on the motion to ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 6, noes 32.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. CASSERLY proceeded to address the
Senate. Having spoken half an hour,
Mr. McCREERY. If the gentleman from
California will yield the floor for that purpose,
I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramsey
in the chair.) Does the Senator give way for
that motion ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly; I gave way at
once. There were about five Senators present
when the motion was made, if I remember
rightly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 7, noes 33.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move that the Senate
