4620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20, i
to the claim of George Denny, of Garrard
county, Kentucky, for pay for forage furnished
the Army.
Also, a proposition to establish a post road
from Winchester, Clark county, Kentucky, to
Fitchburg, in Estill county, Kentucky.
By Mr. AXTBLL: The petition of H. B.
Swain, Hon. Milton S. Latham, L. and M.
Sacks & Co., Michael Freidlander & Co., and
4,600 others, citizens of California, praying
Congress to grant aid in public lands to con-
struct a railroad from the city of San Fran-
cisco to the city of San Diego, passing through
that portion of the State which lies between
the Pacific ocean and the coast range of
mountains.
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas : The petition of
Henry L. Rankin, of Austin county, Texas, for
removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. DEGENER: The petition ofThomas
P. McCan, of Bexar county, Texas, for re-
moval of his political disabilities.
Also, the petition of Charnal W. Thorn, of
Lavacca county, Texas.
By Mr. DICKINSON : The petition ofMajor
John H. Foster, of the third Ohio volunteer
cavalry, asking that a pension may bo granted
him.
By Mr. HAMILTON: A proposition to estab-
lish a mail route from Quincy to Coon Bottom,
in Gadsden county, Florida.
By Mr. MAYHAM: The petition ofBrum-
maghim and others, citizens of Albany, New-
York, in relation to'the tariff on tea and coffee.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Isaac
A. McLendon, of the State of Georgia, asking
Congress to remove his political disabilities.
By Mr. WINCHESTER : A petition relat-
ing to the claim of C. Theodore Verinigerholz.
By Mr. WITCHER: The petition of II. C.
McWhorter and 8 others, practicing attorneys
in the district court of the United States for
the district of West Virginia, praying for cer-
tain changes or modifications of the bankrupt
act.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 20,18T0.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read^and
approved.
promotions is tiijs navy.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the joint resolution (S. R. No.
103) for the relief of certain officers of the
Navy, which was to strike out the second sec-
tion of the joint resolution.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate non-
concur in the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and ask for a committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, the conferees on the part of the Senate
to be appointed by the Chair.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to know
what the section is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the section proposed to be stricken
out by the House of Representatives.
The Secretary read as follows :
And be it further resolved, That, officers who have
been promoted in pursuance of the ninth section
of the act to amend certain acts in relation to the
Navy, pa^od Itfaxch 2,1867. shall be entitled to re-
ceive, from the date of such promotion, the same
pay when not on active duty that they were at the
time ot bcin^ so promoted entitled to when not on
sueli duty, under the laws then in force regulating
the pav of officers of the rotired and reserved lists
(if the Navy: and the said ninth section of said act
is hereby repealed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Missouri.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Drake,
Mr. Scott, and Mr. Thurman were appointed
the committee of conference.
army and navy accounts.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 459) to authorize the settle-
ment of the accounts of officers of the Army
and Navy, which was to add the following
proviso :
Provided, That no settlement shall bo made by the
officers of the Treasury under this act which shall
exceed the sum of $5,000, and only such officers of the
Army and Navy and of the pay department in whose
accounts there is no appsi rent fraud against the United
States: And provided further, That this act shall
remain in force but two years from and after its
passage, and no longer.
Mr. POMEROY. The chairman of the
Committee on Military affairs is not in the
Chamber at present. 1 therefore move that the
amendment lie on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 1721) for the relief of J.
Alden Rathbun, postmaster of Mystic Bridge,
Connecticut—to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
A bill (H. R. No. 1115) for the relief of
Robert Brigham, hate postmaster, Franklin,
Pennsylvania—to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
A bill (H. R. No. 1357) for the relief of
Shadrack Saunders, Daniel Moore, Alexander
Forbes, and other citizens of Petersburg, Vir-
ginia—to the Commitee on Military Affairs.
A bill (IT. R. No. 2244) for the relief of the
Brazil Mail Steamship Company—to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 2245) for the relief of
Wallis Pattec—to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 2247) for the payment to
Elias Shipman of the amount allowed by the
War Department—to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 2248) for the relief of
Charles Steedman, Commodore United States
Navy—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 2249) for the relief of
Thomas Allen—to the Committee on Printing.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 189) for the
relief of Naomi A. Stevens, of Jackson county,
Michigan—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (H. R. No. 2226) to regulate the pur-
chase of fuel for the legislative, executive, and
judicial departments, and for the military and
naval establishments of the United States in
the District of Columbia—to the Committee
on Retrenchment.
The following House bills were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions:
A bill (IT. R. No. 2239) granting a pension
to Thomas Maxwell;
A bill (H. R. No. 2238) granting a pension
to the minor children of Charles T. Hiltibedal;
A bill (H. R. No. 1692) for the relief of
Mary Petrie, widow of George C. Petrie, late
a private seventeenth Michigan infantry vol-
unteers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2235) granting a pension
to William Powell;
A bill (H. R. No. 2234) granting a pension
to Edwin Woodson;
A bill (H. R. No. 2232) for the relief of
Frank M. Lafig and his children;
, A bill _(H. R. No. 2233) granting a pension
to Adelaide Didenhof;
A bill (H. R. No. 1214) granting a pension
to David IT. Pugh;
A bill (H. R. No. 2237) granting a pension
to Bridget Angas;
A bill (H. R. No. 2236) granting a pension
to Mary Pearson;
A bill (II. R. No. 550) granting a pension
to George Menz;
A bill (II. R. No. 2229) granting a pension
to Joseph Burnham;
A bill (H. R. No. 2228) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Cupp;
A bill (II. R. No. 1610) granting a pension
to Benjamin F. Wells;
A bill (H. R. No. 2229) granting a pension ;
to Benjamin P. Burnham ; and :
A bill (H. R. No. 2227) granting a pension '
to John Nolan.
mutuai, life assurance association.
The bill (H. R. No. 1097) to incorporate the
National Mutual Life Assurance Association
of Washington, District of Columbia, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMLIN subsequently asked: What be-
came of the bill to incorporate a loan and trust
company in this city?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMLIN. The committee are all in
favor of that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask unanimous consent
to put it upon its passage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has it been reported
upon in the Senate?
Mr. HAMLIN. It has been agreed upon by
the committee. It has passed the House of
Representatives.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. R. No. 1697) to incorporate
the National Mutual Life Assurance Associa-
tion of Washington, District of Columbia.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
1'jbtmons and memorials.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
the New York Match Company, praying the
enactment of a law simplifying the present
laws and regulations relative to the exporta-
tion of lucifer matches; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of cit-
izens of Washington Territory, praying for a
grant of lands and the right of way for a rail
road from Gray's Harbor, on the Pacific ocean,
to Charleston, at the forks of the Gehalis
river; which was referred to the Committee on-
the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. McCREERY presented the memorial
of William R. Boiee, praying payment of a
balancc due him for certain corn sold and
delivered to the quartermaster's department
of the Army ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also presented the petitions of J. H.
Roulhac and E. S. Fryor, of Kentucky, pray-
ing for the removal of their political disabili-
ties; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of James W.
Finnell, praying the removal of the political
disabilities imposed on Ben. Selby, esq.; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. McCREERY. I present a petition,
signed by every member of the Kentucky
delegation, praying that the persons therein
named may be relieved of their political disabil-
ities and that the same relief may be extended
to those embraced in the last bill reported by
the select committee on that subject. These
applicants are known to the delegation, and I
do not believe that I should exaggerate if i
were to state that I liave a personal acquaint-
ance with seven eighths of them. Some of them
are physicians who have attained high position
in their profession; some are eminent lawyers,
while the farmers, merchants, and mechanics
are also represented in the number. Some few
of these men are in affluent circumstances; but
the greater proportion of them were reduced by
the fortunes of war almost to poverty. Some
of them upon their return to their homes found
their dwellings in ashes and their families scat-
tered. But amid all the vicissitudes and trials
through which these men have passed, I believe
it can be said with truth, that in intelligence,
