1738
THJ^OONGitESSIO&AL GLOBE.
March 9,
«ll. KaU«ef, JfoCpeeFy. .,M<vI>ofMU<l, <*s-
born, Poineroy. Pool, Pratt', Itrimpey, Jlevejs, Rice,
Ross, Scliurj, Scott, Sherman, Scunner. Thaler, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Viokers, Warner, Willcy, Williams,
and Wilson—40.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Carpenter,
Cattcll.Cra?in, Edmunds, Hamilton, Ilartan, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nyo, Puttousoo, Robert-
son, Saulsbui-y, Sawyer, tjpeucer, Spragae, Stewart,
Thurman, and Yates—21.
So the amendmeut was rejected.
Mr. MORTON. If it is in order-1 move to
strike out the twelfth, line of the third section.
Mr. SUM HE El. 1 would a^k what has
become of the fifth seetiou? •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
strike out that section was reserved, iu order to
take the .question on the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont. , ; ■
Mr., CORBETT, I .bel'i^oe the- motion to
strike out. the fifth.sectioa is uov in order-
The VICE tRESIDENT.. That has pnority
if the Senator from Oregon insists ou it, as it
was simply, laid over.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is, it not in order to
move to amend the <sectiqa before the vote is,
taken on striking it outj
The VICE president, itu. :
Mr, CHANDLER, . -I. desire, then, to move
au amendment to the seetioa before the vote
is takenoB striking out. In line two of sec-
tion five L uiove to strike out the word "may"
after the word "bonds," and,toius£ft "shall,"
and then to strikeoutailafter the word "States"
in the tlii^-d liue; so tliat.thiessetioii will re^d,
" That the poyponsof said bonds shall be made,
payable at the Tceasary of the,United, Statef."..
Mr. SUMNER. I wonUsuggest to.myfriaad,-
to strike out the whqle section, and then at
seems to ate his oljject will, be acooa^piished.
They will thea h© payable at tl p Treasury of-
the United States. 1'Ue better fay istf have
do provision in the bill <|a the. subject; strike,
out the wjiole elausq...
Mr, CHAtf DLER, V ery well; if that covers
the ground I ant satisfied.. j , • . , i
IfLr. I think weha4 hqtster come
to a vote o# «triJ4.i)gOut-Abe, whole-flection. :
,, Mr. CHANDLER. Very.w^U; I withdraw
my motion,.and let us take,the vote <m  thaL.
The VICfc PRESIDENT^. The question is
©u tlie motion of the Senator from Oregon, to
strike out the fifth section, onvwliiclj the yeas
and nays have beeq ordered.:
,Mr. SUMNER., I had the boner, it arjll he
remembered, how some weeks agor ,to protest
in advance ag^ih&i pay proposition like that
contained in the fifth septipnj and I rise now
aim ply to repeat thoprotest whi«h I thea made.
I ahall say nothing of the next section relating
to the employment of agents and to the. 009
per cent, for expegqep, although the Senator
from Ohio associated these two propositions^
ia remarks which he o^adayeg^rdaj. .Ichoose
to take them separately, They are distinct*
One of them concerns the policy of thisGev-
er<i meat;; tlw^otfyef.concerns si mply th« econ-;
oinies in the ad^Hi it tuition of the Trqa&ury
Department. ... , . J
Now, allow me to say tliajfc^ith the latter I
do not desire to interfere; Twilling!?Jeave all.
iuvolved in section, number six to the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, in whom,
we all have unlimited confidence. If he thin Its
that one per cent, is .needed in order to pitt
this large loan in the market, let him have it.
If he can get along with a half pet cent., that
would be better: but I am perfectly willing to
follow whiit I understand to he the usage of the
Government from the beginning with regard to
all considerable loans, and t,o allow him the
one per cent.
But when I come to the other proposition I
find different, and to ine eoatrolliilg consider-
ations. I cannot forget my owto country, nor
can I forget that great primacy which I hope
to see her assume in the money markets of
the world. Nek York is onr .natural money,
center. Why should' we revolve about Euro-
pean; center? Let us keep oar 6wti center
nerq.at home. In, reply to that I knpjr it is
said that during thewae thjtfsamepropoeition
was adopted, but it was never acted on. Aad
why was it adopted ?
Mr. CONKLING- It sever was adopted,.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator is mis-
taken in that. I have an idea that in one of
our funding bilkduring the war it; was adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. What I mean to dispute
is thks: that any funding bill-during the war,
and I will extend now mv denial to the whole
hi,story of the Government, that any funding
bill, to my knowledge, lias ever authorised the
issue of securities payable in foreign currency
and in foreign countries.
Mr. SUMNER. To that extent I agree the
Senator is right} but! believe during the war the
Treasury was authorized to establish agencies,
or what I presumed the ?ther day to call sub-
Treasurers in Europe.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think not,; •
Mr. SUMNER. Whether it w^a authorized
or uot.it never d^d the,thing. But I wfts,about
to.remark that even if it was authorized during
the war I cannot-, forget that we were then
engaged in a struggle tor national life. What
might be justified then would be of very doubt-
ful expediency now., I am.unwilling, therefore,
even if tber# be any precedent during our war,
to open these sub-Treasuries in foreigncapitals.
Suppose we (do it, I see atqnce several practical
inconveniences. One of these, will be that we
shall be obliged to continue these agencies or
sab-Treasuriesduring the full life of these bonds;
it will be a fundamental condition, and the Uni •
ted States will be obliged, just so long as these
bonds last, to keep ppen a Treasury on the other
side of the ocaan. Is that an obligation .that
itis expedient now to assume? , I doubt it.
Then, again, ha$, it occurred to my friend,
the chairman of the committee, how this very
proposition, if adopted, would affect the exist-
ing ten-forties in the European market? This,
as I have already said, is a favorite loan, a
favorite security, much sought, very popular;
but no such privilege would attach to the hold-
ers of coupons, under those t«n-forty boqds.
They must send to the United States to cash
their cpupona, a*d you make at once in the
European market a discrimination betsjreea.
the ten-forties created by this bill and the
existing ten-forties. The unquestionable effect
of that would be to drive the existing ten forties
from the European market. Is it advisable to
do that? I doubt it. Itseems to me while we
are building up we eh quid qot destroy ; while
we are Strengthening these new bonds we should
not impair the value or efficiency of those that
already exist.
t might go further in, these objections,,but I
believe I have said euougb. It seems to <ne
that that gectiQn ought to be dismissed from
the bill, . I-, .
, Mr. MORTONS I wish to make, a single
suggestion. One of these sections provides
for negotiating these bonds gbroad. ( JIs there
anything more hnpiliatiug in. that than there
is in providing for paying tbe interest abroad ?
I have made inquiry, and I learn that the fold-
ers of coupons iu Europe have to pay from one
eighth to one fourth per cent,, and generally
about one fqurth, to get, their coupons cashed,
while we can send our exchange there and pay
the interest there without costing us .anything.
Taking the year round,sometimes the exchange
is in jour favor and sometimes against us, and
more often in our favor. Therefore it costs
them, say one. fourth pf one per cent, to get their
coupons cashed, while it will cost us nothing,
taking the 'year round, for the Government
to send our money there. I believe that by
making the coupons payable abroad we can
negotiate our bonds far a half per cent, less
interest at least.. .. .. .. i
Then there is auother consideration. I regret
that any portion of our debt is held abroad; but
the fact is that nearly one thousand million dol-
lars is held abroad, and we cannot afford now to
have that debt sent home to us in a hurry. In
case, of a panic or « depreciation, we are in. j
danger of having our debt sent home suddenly
and we drained of gold. If the coupons are
made payable abroad, the danger of having
our bonds sent home to us under such circum-
stances is greatly diminished.
Mr. COKBETT, I wish simply to state that
I believe the advantage of having our coupons
made payable in the United States, where the
psoceeds of those coupons will be reinvested
again ia railroftd and other securities for the
development of this country, greatly overbal-
ances any advantage that we may derive from
making them payable in Europe. I believe in
making this loan American, not Euiopean, that
it shall have a distinctly American character.
I am opposed to making it European.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, it is more
a matter of national pride than anything else.
If we wish to take the position of a third or
fourth class Power among the nations of the
earth let us establish agencies in all the little
German municipalities, and admit that we are
willing for forty years to be tributaries. But
if we propose to take our stand among the Grst
nations of the earth it is beneath our dignity
as a great nation to make our interest payable
anywhere except at the Treasury of the United
States. I hope that this section will be stricken
out. The thing has never been done before,
and I hope never will be done. I hope we shall
make our own Treasury the place of payment,
and no other.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Michi-
gan on this matter has just hit the nail on the
head. It is a question of national pride, or
rather it is on our part a question of national
appreciation whether we believe that our na-
tion—I am giad to call it a nation-—has such
preeminence- that everybody will have confi-
dence in us, and thateverybody who has money
to lend will come to us to lend it. One of the
first principles, and the fundamental principle
ia leading and borrowing money is that the
man who needs it seeks it, and in . the next
plpce the man who is best able to pay his
promises is the surest to get it.
Nowr in regard to this whole matter, the case
is just this: when we were poor in the Revolu-
tion, we sent Mr. Franklin and various other
men to peddle our loans over Europe. None
but those who were called '' the ignorant
Dutch'' of that day were willing to take them,
having confidence in us. They were not so
ignorant as not to know that a thrifty people
like our own, with an uncultivated soil and a
future beyond all calculation,.would be able
to pay its debts, and they took oar securities.
I remember that when Mr. Tyler was Presi-
dent, and be was unable to carry oa his admin-
istration for want of money, he sent his agent
abroad, a gentleman from my Stale, and he
peddled our loan all over Europe at six per
cent., offering our bonds at eighty cents on the
dollar to anybody,who would take them.
Again, when .Mr. Buchanan was President
oar loans were peddled about and were offered
at twelve per cent. There was a loan actually
made at twelve j>er cent.; and we got but a
trifle for that. I have always found in my ex-
perience, and I think it is the experience of
every man of business, that the less you need
money, the less attempt yonmake to get it, the
more anxious are people to lend it to you, and
the lower is the rate of interest you will hava
to pay. I have in my memory a firm in my
neighborhood in Pennsylvania who had been
the factors, the treasurers, and the purchasers
of three whole counties around them. There
caqie % clamor one day against their credit.
People came in by hundreds demanding >heir
money. Thegentleman at the head of the
firm said, " Wait.until to-morrow morning at
nine o'clock, when the bank opens, and 1 will
pay yon everyone." They came ia by hun-
dreds, and he paid a few dozen of them, and
then everybody said, "Jacob is able to pay
his debts, and we do not want our money."
It is so always.
Now, I have no doubt that after we shall
