2732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
Rice, Ridswav,Roots, Seliumaker, Sco field,Sh niK',
Porter Sheldon, Shorrod, Sbobcr, William
Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton,. Strickland, \ -,u
Auken, Vim Trump, William B.Washburn, Well?,
and Winchester—-SO. ■
So the import of the committee of conference
was concurred in. -
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which thereport was concurred in; andalso
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid 011
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOUIINMENT OYER.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it bo to meet on Mon-
day next.
The question was put; and the motion was
declared by the Chair to have been agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. i call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The gentle-
man is too late.
Mr. DAWES. I called for the yeas and
nays just as the Chair was pronouncing the
motion agreed 1q.
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman
makes that statement the Chair must recog-
nize him as entitled to call for the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
nyes twenty-four ; not one fifth of the last vote.
Mr. DAWES. I demand tellers on order-
ing the yeas ai\d nays.
On ordering tellers, there v/ere—ayes twenty j
not a bufticient number.
So tellers were refused, and the yeas and
nays were refused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, I ask unanimous consent
to offer n, resolution for reference.
Mr, CLARKE, of Kansas. X object.
NEW YOIlTv AND BOSTON POST OliTICES.
Mr. TWICHELL. [ move to reconsider the
vote whereby the House yrsfcerday ordered
the report of the Committee 011 the Post Office
and Post Roads in relation to the New York
and Boston post offices to be printed.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the motion to reconsider,
upon which the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Twiciiell] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TWICHELL. I ask to have read the
letter which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, I). C., Aiyrill'o, 1870.
The facts in rc?:n\l to my testimony before tho
House Committee on tho Post Olficc andPofjt [loads:
j camo U0111 Boston ht&fcveok for tho purpose of
testifying in regard to some mutters that had arisen
in the ?ub:-cquenL tosiinvmy taken in Washington
by tho committee. On Friday last I went to thocom-
mittee-room with Mr. Twichelt,, when ho asked
lor tho tc* timony ol John Gardner, esq., saying tb«t
ho wished me to pee certain point3 that ho would
e:ill lay attention to. The clerk of tho comtniUco
refused to show the testimony, saying such wore tho
ordeis of the chairman and of the committee. Gen-
ovnl PAnxswoitTir was then absent from the city.
Upon his return, (Tuesday of the present week, I
1 innk,) X went to tho committee-room for the purpose
of uvriinging for a hearing. It was ai ranged by the
chaivm-.m for thn foUovmig (.Wednesday) morning,
but iso hourwas iixed, as I was to appear also before
tho Committee on Expenditures onPubiicBuild'tngs
ill- half tustmno o'clock a. m., and it was uncertain,
vrhen that hearing would be terminated. 1 v.-a^ also
jeriiu'jstcd to telegraph for Mr. George I). Whittle,
lira: keeper at the (Jape Ann quarries, to be present
on the same business, which I did. On Wednesday
my time wps so occupied that no iioaringwas reached
before the Post OtUce Committee, and it was left for
tho following (.Thursdny) morning. I went to the
committee-room with Mr. Whittle, who arrivoclth.it
morning, and saw several members of the commit-
tee: andGcncralFARXSWORTiistated that hcshould
bo obliged to bo in tho llomn, H being then in ?es-
s-son, and that Mr. Twiciikll and the others could go
on with talcing testimony, and he would omo in as
buf inefp would pcrmi;. The clerk of the committee
was- sent for a short-hand writer, and tho committee
immediately commenced taking testimony. I was
examined a: consider 1 We length, ancl1hen Mr. Whit-
lb- was placed i'doti tho witness stand, the examina-
tion being confined in houi cases to the facts elicited
ia the f esLuaony of the last witnesses examined, i. e.t
•John Gardner and others. This testimony had been
•"laced 111 mv hand"* th"t mining by iho chairman
is;'- inspection.
After Mr. Twiohell hadfinislicdhisquestioris and
the testimony taken down, he asked Mr. Painter
to have General Parnswokth eomo in and ask afay
additional questions if he desired. Mr. Painter went
for him, and returned, saying ho was engaged, where-,
upon Mr. 'Xwickell went himself, and soon returned,
saying that the chairman said he would be in in a
moment and continue the examination. During Mr.
Twichell's absence Mr. Painter stated that while
our examination was proceeding the chairman, Gen-
eral FAKKSWORTn, had presented a report in the
Houso which had been accepted,and that the commit-
tee had been discharged from afather consideration
of the subject.
Mr. Twichell was taking testimony at tho time in
the committee-room at the request of the chairman,
with a view, as he stated to the chairman, to havo
it used if any of tho additional testimony of John
Gardner and others should bo used bythecommitteo
in their report.
Withoutclosing the examination,we were informed
at tho committec-room, it would be suspended; and
Mr. Whittle and myself left tho room.
AYlf. L. BURT.
The SPEAKER. The object of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts in moving to recon-
sider is to have the report of the minority
printed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. i object.
Mr. TWICHELL. I call the previous ques-
tion on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. TWICHELL. All I ask is that tlrf
majority and minority reports maybe printed
together.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire the permis-
sion of the Houso to say a fow words, inasmuch
as the gentleman from Massachusetts has taken
occasion to have a letter read 
Mr. TWICHELL. I must decline to yield.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire permission
of the House to make a statement:
Mr. TWICHELL. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I insist on my
motion that the motion to reconsider bo laid
upon the table.
Tho question was taken: and Ihe Houso
refused to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Tho question recurred on the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. TWICHELL. I now again ask that the
reports shall be printed together.
The SPEAKER. It would require unan-
imous consent to allow the minority report to
be printed except on Monday, when it may be
done under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object unless I can
have five or ten minutes to reply to the gen-
tleman.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
object conditionally.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Tho question was put on the motion to recon-
sider; and there were—ayes 69, noes 34; 110
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. This is the third Friday
in the month, and the hour of two o'clock has
arrived. Business is in order from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask now that I
may lie allowed five minutes to reply to this
outside assault.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Twichell]
goes over as unfinished business to Monday
next.
MESSAGE 1'11031 THE 1'ltESIDEXT.
A message, in writing, from the President
of the United States, was communicated to the
House by Mr. Hokace Portek, his Private Sec-
retary.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BEATTY, ftom the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (H.
R. No. 1542) to authorize the city of Buffalo,
New York, to construct a tunnel under Niag-
ara river, and to erect and maintain an iulet
therefrom: when the Speaker signed tho same.
LEAVE 01? ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr.
Ketcham for four .days, to Mr. Yak Auken
until Tuesday .next* and, to Mr. MayhaM for
ten days. - . ■ ' . .
. -EVENING SESSION.
Mr. COOIC.' Upon' the' suggestion and at
the request of the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, i more that wheu the
hour of half past four o'clock shall arrive the
House shall take a recess until half past*seven
o'clock, to meet this evening in Committee of
the Whole 011 the sttate of the Union for the
consideration of the tariff bill.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
S3, noes 79.
So tho motion was disagreed to.
USURY LAWS 01? THE DISTRICT OS COLUMBIA.
Mr. COOK. i present areportfromthecom-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill in relation to the
usury laws of tho District of Columbia. i
ask that it be read. ' '
The Clerk read as follows:
Tho committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of tho
House to Senate bill N'o.215, to amend the'usury laws
of tho District of Columbia, having met, aftor full
and free conference have agreed to recommend, find
do recommend to their respective Hou'sfes, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their disagreeihent to
tho amendment' of the House, ami- agree to tho samo
with tho following amendments, namely:
In section ono of the llouse amendment strike out
alt after tho word "that" iu line ono and in lieu
thereof insert tho following:
"The rate of interest upon judgments or dccrees
and upon thcloan or iorbearance of any money, goods,
or things in action, shall continue to "be six dollars
upon $100 for ono year, and after that rate for a
greater or less sum, or for a long.cr or shorter time,
except :i.s hereinafter provided." " ((
In section four, line ten, strike out the words two
years" and insert in lieu thereof•" one year."
In section tivo, lino live, strike out tho word
"stocks" undinsertinlicuthereoftheword 'bonds."
In section five, lines six ana seven, strike out the
folio wins words, " February 25,1863," and insert in
lieu thereof "June 3,18(34.
And that tho House agree to tho same.
BURTON C. COOK,
m. c. Kerr,
ulysses mercur,
Managem on the part of the House.
ii. hamlin,.
J. S. HARRIS,,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was agreed to; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid ou the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FllEUDMEN'S SAVINGS AND MUST COMPANY.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back House bill
No. 1594, to amend an act entitled "An act to
incorporate the Freedmen's Savings and Trust
Company," approved March 3, 1865, with a
substitute.
The substitute was read. It provides for
amending the fifth section of the original act by
adding thereto the following :
And to the extent of one half in bonds or notes
secured by mortgage on real estate in double the value
of the loan. And the corporation is also authorized
hereby to hold and improve the real estate now owned
; by it m tho city ot' Washington, to wit: tho west
haH' of lot 1N0. 3, all oi' lots Nos. 4, 5, 6, and 7, and the
south hall'of lot No. 8, in square No. 221, as laid out
and recorded in tho original plat or plan of said city:
Provided, That said corporation shall notxxse the
principal of any deposits made with it for the pur-
pose of such improvement.
Sec. — And be it further uiacted, That Congress
shall have the right to alter or repeal yiis amend-
ment at any time.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to bo
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
