1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3677
take a recess until half past eleven o'clock in
the morning.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object to that motion. It
is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
for a recess cannot be entertained if there is an
objection. The motion is out of order. The
Senator from California will proceed with his
remarks.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move to pass over the
present business before the Senate for the pur-
pose of enabling me to submit a motion that
the Senate take a recess until to-morrow at
half past eleven o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator had better
change his motion and move to adjourn over
until Monday, and let the Senate come to
reason.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move, then, to pass
over the pending bill, with a view of making a
motion to adjourn until Monday.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a better motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
to pass over the present order of business,
with a view of making a motion to take a
recess until eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir; that is not the
motion.
Mr. STOCKTON. I accepted the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts. I
move to pass over the pending business for the
purpose of submitting a motion to adjourn
until Mondav.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion, then, is on passing over the present bill.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 7, noes 30.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the Senator
from California whether I shall not send and
get another book for him to read. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I think if the Senator
from Nevada would read his old books it would
be better for himself and enable him to give
more valuable information to the Senate than
he is in the habit of affording. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California will proceed.
Mr. CASSERLY resumed his speech on the
pending amendment. Having spoken till fif-
teen minutes past two o'clock a. m.,
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, with, the
consent of the Senator from California, I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. McCREERY. Will the Senator from
Maryland withdraw that motion for a moment,
that 1 may make a motion for au executive
session?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir; I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. McCREERY. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. 1 renew the motion to
adjourn.
The Senate refused to adjourn; there being,
on a division—ayes 7, noes 25.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Senator from Califor-
nia is entitled to the floor, and will proceed.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
from California permit me to have read now
an amendment which I propose to offer when
the proper time arrives?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I send to the desk an amend-
ment, which I give notice I shall offer at the
proper time, and I ask that it be read for
information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Andbe it further enacted. That no person shall enter
into, hold, or attempt to exercise the powers, or per-
form the duties of any office or public trust which
the Constitution or laws require to be filled by vote
of the people, unless he shall have received at the
election therefor a greater number of the votes of
the electors entitled to voteatsuch election than any
other candidate; and all persons entering into,
folding or attempting to exercise the powers or per-
form the duties of such office or' public trust, shall
thereby commit a high misdemeanor for which they
shall be subject to indictment and punishment of
imprisonment for not less than one or more than fivo
years, and fine of not less than $1,000 or more than
$5,000, one half thereof to go to the informer. And
all Treasury officers settling, passing, or paying any
claim or account for pay or compensation of any
kind of any person entering into or holding, or at-
tempting to exercise the powers or perform the duties
of tiny offioe or public trust against the provisions
of this section, shall bo guilty of a misdemeanor,
thereby forfeit and be disqualified to hold his place,
and bo subject to indictment and punishment of
imprisonment for not less than twelvemonths and
fine of $1,000, one half to the informer. All persons
entering into, holding, or attempting to exercise the
powers or perform the duties of any office or public
trust against the provision of this section, shall also
be subject to tho civil suit of any person injured
thoroby.
Mr. CASSERLY resumed the floor and con-
tinued his speech till two o'clock and forty-
eight minutes a. m.
Mr. STOCKTON. This being about the
usual hour of adjournment, [laughter,] I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. We ought
to adjourn to Monday morning. It is now
Saturday.
Mr. STOCKTON. My motion is that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the result was stated to be—ayes 4,
noes 34.
Mr. THURMAN, and others. There is no
quorum voting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cor-
bett in the chair.) There were 4 in the affirm-
ative and 34 in the negative; 37 is a quorum.
The Senate refuses to adjourn. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I simply took my seat
while the count was going on. I am not done
with my speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California will proceed.
Mr. CASSERLY resumed the floor and con-
cluded his speech, which will be published
entire in the Appendix.
Mr. THURMAN. Air. President, when the
last count was made in the Senate by the then
occupant of the chair, and he found that there
were thirty-eight Senators present, I was forci-
bly reminded of an anecdote that is told of
Charles James Fox and Richard Brinsley Sher-
idan, that they came into the House of Parlia-
ment one night late at night, arm in arm, and
the following colloquy took place 
Mr. STEWART. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg the Senator not to
interrupt me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Senator from Nevada
rises to a point of order. He will state his
point of order.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg the Senator to allow
me to proceed.
Mr. STEWART. I will state my point of
order as the rules require. The Senator has
spoken twice already on this question.
Mr. THURMAN. If that point of order
were made on the Senator from Nevada God
knows how much time the Senate would save.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. I make the point of order.
Mr. THURMAN. I have not spoken twice
on this amendment as it is now offered. 1 have
spoken on it but once. If the Senator would
allow me to go on he would find that the time
of the Senate would be saved. I have spoken
but once on this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator has spoken but once on the amendment
he is entirely in' order. The Chair is not cog-
nizant as to the fact; but on the Senator's state-
ment the Chair thinks the point of order is not
well taken. The Senator from Ohio will pro-
ceed.
Mr. THURMAN. If at any time a man dis-
likes to be interrupted it is when he is going
to tell a story. I commenced saying that when
the late occupant of the chair counted thirty-
eight Senators in this body on the last division,
I was reminded of an anecdote of Charles James
Fox and Richard Brinsley Sheridan, which runs
in this wise: that entering the House of Com-
mons late one night, arm in arm, a colloquy
took place between them which has been put
into not very good rhyme, but into rhyme such
as I will read to the Senate:
" Said Charlie to Dickon, ' By all that is blue,
I can't see tho Speaker: say, Dickon, can you ?'
'See tho Speaker,' said Dick, 'why, I swear it is
true
I do see tho Speaker; yes, by Jove, I see two."'
I cannot help thinking (I do not pretend to
say how it was) that tho then occupant of the
chair had the faculty that Sheridan had and he
saw two where there was only one. [Laugh-
ter.] Otherwise I cannot account for it that
he counted thirty-eight Senators when nobody
could find twenty-eight here.
While I am in this vein let me tell another
thing which is familiar, I have 110 doubt, to a
great many Senators here. It is told of the
celebrated Dean Swift that, going once to the
parish church to preach, he found nobody
there but his clerk, whose name was Roger,
and he read the whole litany through in this
wise: instead of reading it, " Dearly beloved
brethren, the Scripture moveth us in sundry
places," he read it, "Dearly beloved Roger,
the Scripture moveth you and me in sundry
places." [Laughter.] I take it if we sit here
much longer it will be, " Dearly beloved Wil-
liam," if that is the first name of the Senator
from Nevada, "the Scripture moveth you and
me in sundry places," or, " Party moveth you
and me in sundry places." It lo<3ks to me a
good deal in that way.
Mr. DAVIS. Does the Senator suppose that
"Brother William" could bo moved by the
Scriptures? [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. Well, the new dispens-
ation then.
Mr. President, I regret that my colleague
has left the Senate to-night, I wish to say a
few words on a text of his; I wished to say
them in his presence ; but I cannot be deterred
from noting what be said by his voluntary ab-
sence ; and although I shall refrain from saying
all that I would say were he present, yet 1 am
not to be prevented from noticing what he did
say merely because he sees fit to absent him-
self. The Senator from California noticed the
singular declaration he made, that if the last
presidential election had depended on the vote
of New York; that is to say, if with that vote
Mr. Seymour would have been elected, there
would have been war and revolution, for that
was the substance, the meaning of the remark.
I let that pass with the remarks that have been
made upon it by the Senator from California.
But my colleague saw fit to go further, and he
saw fit to use this language:
"The strength of the Democratic party for years
during the war and since has been in the pest-houses
of the cities, where vice breeds."
That is the language that a Senator of the
United States uses of 2,650,000 voters of the
United States. At the last presidential elec-
tion there were cast, exclusive of the State of
Nevada, 5,622,163 popular votes. Of those
General Grant received 2,978,551, and Mr,
Seymour 2,643,312. The vote of the State of
Nevada, as I am informed by her Senator, was
| about 13,000; and General Grant's majority
about 1,500. Making that addition, the entire
vote for General Grant was 2,985,801, and for
: Mr. Seymour 2,649,362, and General Grant's
majority was only about 336,000. And now,
sir, in respect to substantially one entire half
of the American voters, in respect to that party
which held the reins of Government for nearly
seventy years, and under which this country
■ grew np from a poor feeble body of thirteen
: States along the Atlantic coast to be one of
; the greatest empires on the face of the earth
ii in territory, in population, in intelligence, ami
