3678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
in wealth, my colleague say3 the strength of
that party " lies in the pest-houses of the cities,
where vice breeds."
Sir, I should scorn myself if I were lo go into
any refutation of such a charge as that. I have
heard ilie Democratic party denounced again
and again. It is too common to doit.. It is too
common to forget—Senators even, too often for-
get—that when they denounce the Democratic
party in this way they are denouncing one half
of their own countrymen. When they denounce
the Democratic party as traitors, as sympathiz-
ers with treason, as disloyal men, they say to the
world that one half of the American people are
enemiesoftheirown Government. WhenaSen-
ator gets up here and says that the strength of
the Democratic party, the strength of one half
the people of the United States, "lies in the
pest-houses of the cities, where vice breeds," he
holds up a picture to the world which should
appall mankind and repel every man from
our shores. Sir, it will not do. Ifitisamere
figure of speech, it is a figure of speech that a
ruan should be ashamed to utter. If it was
intended .in seriousness, then there is no con-
demnation too strong l'or the utterance of such
a sentiment.
Why, sir, my colleague lives in a county that
gives a good solid Democratic majority; a
county in which there is no great city; a county
of farmers, of men with moderate farms, few
beyond eighty acres, very few, indeed; a county
which I will undertake to say has not its supe-
rior in the whole United States for the virtue
of its inhabitants and for their respectability.
To the east of that is just such another county,
Democratic to the core. On the west of it is
still just sqch another, still more Democratic.
On the south of it there is still another, also
Democratic ; so that my colleague can hardly
step out of his door; he cannot take a day's
ride without being surrounded by the Demo-
cratic farmers of his neighborhood. I want
him to go home and tell them, if he dare, the
men who have seen him grow up from a boy;
the men whose hands have helped him in the
straggle for life, the men who have given him
support and cherished him and helped tt) make
him what he is; let hitn go home if he dare and
tell those old men that the strength of their
party " lies in the pest-houses of the cities,
where vice breeds."
Sir, I could not refrain from making these
remarks, because you are to vote to-night on
this bill; the debate will then cease, and it
would look like bringing np an old quarrel to
call attention to it in any other debate. It is
not my fault that my colleague is not here to
defend himself, for defend himself he ought to
do, if he has self-respect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I call for
the yeas and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the pending
question? I think the Chair stated it incor-
rectly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is on the
first two sectioris of the amendment moved by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. THURMAN. Moved by the Seuator
from Maine, [Mr. Hamt.in.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. And after-
ward moved by the Senator from Maine. The
Chair stands corrected in that regard.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 12 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Carpenter.Chaodler.Cole,
Corbett, Crnsin, Flanagan, Hamlin, Ilarlan, Harris,
Howell, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Poineroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels,
Rice, Sawyer,Scott, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Sum-
ner. Thayer,Warner, and Yates—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Casserly, Davis, Fowler, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Johnston, McCreery, Pool, Boss,
Stockton, Thurman, Vickers, and Willey,—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Cattell,
Conkling, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Howard, Howe, ICellogg, Lewis,
Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sbhura, Sherman, Tipton, Trumbull, Williams, and
Wilson—29.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to make a verbal
correction. After consulting several members
of the Judiciary Committee, I move to amend
the twelfth section of my amendment, in line
two, by striking out the words " or such per-
son as he may empower for that purpose so
that the section will read :
That it shall be lawful for the President of the
Unitpd States to employ such part of the land or
naval forces of the United States, or of the militia,
aa shall be deemed necessary to prevent the viola-
tion and enforce the due execution of this act.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to submit tlie fol-
lowing amendment, to come in as the fifth
section of the Senate bill:
Ami be it further enacted. That if any person shall
prevent, hinder, control, or intimidate, or shall at-
tempt to prevent, hinder, control, or intimidate any
person from exercising or in exercising the right of
suffrage to whom the right of suffrage is secured or
guarantied by the fifteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, by means of bribery,
threats, or threats of depriving such person of em-
ployment, or occupation, or of ejecting such person
from rented house, lands, or other property, or by
threats of refusing to renew leases or contracts for
labor, or by threats of violence to himself or family,
such person so offending shall bo deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall
bo fined not less than $500and be imprisoned not less
than one month and not more than one year.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think the objection to
that amendment is very obvious. It will ren-
der it almost impossible for any landlord to
collect rent of a tenant about election times
without running the risk of a criminal prose-
cution. I ask the Secretary to report it again.
I may be mistaken in my construction of it.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. An attempt to collect
arrears of rent is generally and naturally ac-
companied by some intimation which could
very readily be construed into a threat, and
which, if made to a person of the class pro-
tected by that section about election times,
could very readily, as I said, be construed into
a threat. I suggest to the Senator from Indi-
ana whether there is not danger of such a con-
sequence flowing from that part of his amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out from that
amendment the words "to whom the right of
suffrage is secured or guarantied by the fif-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Indiana accept the amendment?
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORTON. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remark that the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Indiana being an amendment to an
amendment it cannot be amended in the third
degree.
Mr. MORTON. I think this amendment of
mine is a very important one. It strikes at
perhaps the greatest danger to which the col- 1
ored people of the South are exposed. It is
well known that most of them live upon lands ,
belonging to their former masters, and are
dependent upon them to a great extent for
their employment; and we understand that the
great means which these men have to control !
the votes of these colored people will be threats
of discharging them from their employment,
or turning them out of their little houses, turn-
ing them off of rented lands, or refusing to
renew a lease, or refusing to renew a contract
for labor. We all understand that this is the
great and real danger to which the colored
population of the South is exposed, and this
amendment is intended to meet that exactly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Indiana to the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. THURMAN. I desire to have the yeas
and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 9, as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Carpenter,
Chandler. Cole, Corbett, Origin, Flanagan, Hamlin,
Ilarlan, Harris, Howell, McDonald.Morrill of Maine,
Morton. Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Scott,
Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, War-
ner. Willey. Williams, and Yates—3(5.
NAYS—Messrs. Casserly, Davis, Fowler, Hamil-
ton of MarylandKJohnston, McCreery, Stockton,
Thurman, and Vickersf-'9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames.Bayard, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameroit,Cattell, Conkling, Drake,
Edmunds, Fen ton. Ferry, Gilbert, Hamilton o ('Texas,
Howard, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont,
Norton, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman,
Tipton,Trumbull, and Wilson—27.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I think that the white tenantry
should have a special protection against the
undue influence and oppression of the land-
lords and landowners. I therefore move to
amend the amendment just adopted by strik-
ing out the words that I stated a few minutes
ago.
Mr. IIAMLIN. That is not in order.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, I reckon the Chair
understands whether it is or not, and can
decide that question.
Mr. HAMLIN. I submit that the Senate
have agreed to the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana in the precise words in which it
stauds, and it is not now in order to change it.
There is no better parliamentary law in the
world than that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky is not in
order at this time. When the amendment of
the Senator from Indiana comes to be con-
curred in in the Senate the Senator from Ken-
tucky can move to concur in with it an amend-
ment. His amendment is not in order now.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I will offer an amend-
ment that is in order. I offer the amend-
ment which I had read some time-since.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment now offered by
the Senator from Kentucky to the amendment
of the Senator from Nevada.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to insert as an addi-
tional section the following:
And be it further enacted. That no person shall
enter into, hold, or attempt to exercise the powers
or perform the duties of any office or public trust,
which the Constitution or laws require to be filled
by vote of the people, unless he shall have received
at the election therefor a greater number of the
votes of the electors entitled to vote at such election
than any other candidate; and all persons entering
into, holding, or attempting to exercise the powers,
or perform the duties of such office or public trust,
shall thereby commit a high misdemeanor, for which
they shall be subjoet to indictment and punishment
of imprisonment, for not less than one or more than
five years, and fine of not less than $1,000 or more
than $5,000, one half thereof to go to the informer;
and all Treasury officers settling, passing, or paying
any claim or account tor pay or compensation of any
kind, of any person entering into or holding, or at-
tempting to exercise the powers or perform the duties
of any office or public trust, against the provisions
of this section, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
thereby forfeit and be disqualified to hold his place,
and besubject to indictment and punishment of im-
prisonment for not less than twelve months, and fine
of $1,000, one half to the informer. All persons
entering into, holding, or attempting to exercise the
powers or perform the duties of any office or public
trust, against the provisions of this section, shall
also be subject to the civil suit of any person injured
thereby.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say a single word on that
amendment. It proceeds upon the idea that
no man shall claim to exercise the duties and
to assume the rights of an office unless he shall
have received a plurality of the votes of the peo-
ple who are c-ntitled to vote in the election;
and it makes it a high misdemeanor if he does
enter npon and assume the duties and respons-
ibilities of any office that is so to be filled with-
