1790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
to be taken until half past seven o'clock hav-
ing arrived the Senate takes a recess until half
past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
FOURTH ARKANSAS MOUNTED INFANTRY.
Mr. RICE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of House joint resolution No. 121 at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
thejoint resolution (H. R. No. 121) providing for
the payment of the fourth Arkansas mounted
i nfantry volunteers. It directs the Secretary of
War, upon the possession of evidence of ser-
vice which to him may seem satisfactory, to cause
to be investigated the claims of the forces known
as the fourth Arkansas mounted infantry, en
listed for twelve months under the authority
of Major General Frederick Steele, in north-
western Arkansas, dated October 23,1863, and
if he finds the troops performed actual service,
he is to cause the officers and soldiers thereof
to be paid at the same rates for actual services
rendered, while absent from their homes, as
was allowed by law to other volunteer forces in
the military service at the same time. In esti-
mating the amount due them the officers and
non-commissioned officers are to bepaidunder
the mustering regulations of the Army in force
at the time the regiment was under recruitment.
And no allowance is to be made for any troops
who did not perform actual military service in
full cooperation with and subject to the orders
of the United States authorities.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to hear some explanation of this resolution.
Mr. RICE. I will state for the information
of the Senate that this regiment was organized
under the order of General Steele at a time
when there ^ras very little opportunity for reg-
ular muster in the State of Arkansas. On ac-
count of there being no mustering officer there
at this time they were organized they were not
mustered in. Their services were immediately
required, and they were ordered on duty and
distributed at different posts in the State, and
served their time before they Were ever gath-
ered together so as to be regularly mustered
in. This resolution simply provides for their
payment for the time that the Secretary of War
is satisfied they served, upon proof being made
of that fact. The whole question of their ser-
vice has to be established to the satisfaction of
the Secretary of War before any of them can
be paid. They rendered service; it was effi-
cient service; and they have lain out of their
pay from that day to this. No • more merit-
orious bill has ever been before this body.
. Mr. RAMSEY. In which army did they
serve? [Laughter.]
Mr. RIGE. The Union Army, of course.
This resolution lias been before the House, has
passed there, ha? be«n before the Military
Committee of this; body* Mid reported upon
after full investigation.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator from Ark-
ansas would inform the Sedate what, means the
Secretary of War has of determining thatthesie
troops have bee® in the service or not. How
could they have performed service ? Not hav-
ing been mustered in, who had any control of
them? Who was in command of them ?
Mr. RICE, . Colonel Baxter was authorised,
by General Steele to raise the regiment. He
did, upon that authority from General Steele,
proceed to raise the regiment in companies, as
all other regiments were raised. The Senator
from Nebraska [Mr, Tiraoir] knows all about
the facts rtS well as myself. When the com-
panies were raised and brought into camp they
were immediately piit upon duty. I know the
facts substantially myself. I was in the State at
the time and in the ASrmy"; and I presume the
Senator from N ebraska knowftthe same-facts,for
he was in that portion of the State at that time.
Mr. TIPTON. I am acquainted with the
facts in reference to the organization of the
fourth Arkansas mounted infantry. It was
organized while Colonel Livingston, of the first
Nebraska regiment, now the surveyor general
of Nebraska and Iowa, was in command of
the northeastern district of Arkansas. Colonel
Baxter was in cpmmand of it, and there is no
question but it performed military service.
Mr. HOWE. Who commanded this regi-
ment?
Mr. RICE. Colonel Baxter.
Mr. HOWE. Who gave Colonel Baxter
authority ?
Mr. RICE. General Steele gave him author-
ity to raise the regiment.
Mr. HOWE. Did General Steele give him
a commission?
Mr. RICE. I do not know whether he gave
him a regular formal commission or not. The
commissions come from the President; but
the commissions of the officers of this regi-
ment never came, nor were they ever mustered.
They have their muster-rolls, and there was
before the Committee on Military Affairs a
report of the Adjutant General of the Army
setting out the condition of this regiment and
the reason why they could not be paid.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let me ask
the Senator from Arkansas how long did they
remain in the service?
Mr. RICE. They were enlisted for twelve
months, and they served their time substan-
tially.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then this
resolution will take about one million dollars
from the Treasury.
The resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
TUNNEL ACROSS EAST RlVfeR.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
506, a bill reported by the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole* resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 506) establishing
certain post roads, the pending question being
on the amendment reported by the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, to add the fol-
lowing proviso to the bill:
Provided, That the said tunnel or tnnnela shall be
so constructed and built as not to obetruot or impair
the navigation of said rivers.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose to amend the
amendment reported by the committee by
inserting in the eighth line, after the word
"""built," where it first occurs, the words " un-
der the direction of the Secretary of War."
That will meet all the objections that have
been suggested to the bill.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to..
..The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
BHNKING OF THE ONEIDA.
Mr. STOCKTOft submitted the .following
resolution; which was considered by 'unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Heiolvtd, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to furnish to the Senate any information he
may have received as to the sinking of the United
States vessel Oneida by the British steamer Bombay,
in the harbor of Yokohama,
FDMDINO BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call for the regular
order. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio
calls for the regular order; and the bill (S.
No. 880) to authorize the refunding and con-
solidation of the national debt, to extend bank-
ing facilities, and to establish specie payments,
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and the Senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. Sprague] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island yield to the Sen-
ator from Ohio ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I see very clearly that
there is an indisposition on the part of the
Senate to agree to the fifth section of the bill
as it stands, and I desire to preserve the au-
thority to make a foreign loan in a different
form, as the Secretary is of opinion that the
power to make a foreign loan may be of ser-
vice to him, although it may not be exercised.
I therefore have prepared an amendment,
which I hope will meet the assent of Senators,
so that with this amendment we may agree to
this section. The pending motion is to strike
out the fifth section, and I move to amend that
section in the way indicated in the amendment
I send to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the motion to strike out the
fifth section of the bill, pending which the Sen-
ator from Ohio moves an amendment to that
section, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in section five, line three, to strike out the
word " or" and to insert the words:
But the Secretary of the Treasury may, at his dis-
cretion, make the coupons of any portion of the bonds
provided for by the third section of this act pay-
able.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now let the section be
re'ad as it will stand if amended.
The Secretary read as follows:
That the coupons of said bonds shall be payable at
the Treasury of the United States, but the Secretary
of the Treasurer may, at his discretion, make the
coupons of any portion of the bonds provided for by
the third sectipn of this act payable at the office of
an authorized agent 6f the United States either in
the cities of London, Paris, Berlin, Amsterdam, or
Frankfort, in dollars, or the equivalent thereof in
sterling money, in francs, or in thalers.
Mr. SHERMAN. The operation of this
amendment, if adopted, will be to confine the
authority of the Secretary to make a portion
of the $400,000,000 four per cent, loan pay-
able abroad; and surely with that provision it
will be a manifest saving. If you call a five
per cent, here par it would be a saving of
twenty per cent, of the interest, to be paid at
a cost of about one percent. The average rate
of real exchange is not over one per cent,
between this and Europe. I do not speak of
the nominal exchange, but the real exchange
will beat a cost not exceeding one per cent.,
and it would s&ve twenty per cent. Or, if a
four and a half per cent, bond is par here, and
we can negotiatea foreign loan at four per cent,
it would be a saving of ten percent. Although
I do not regard the section with this limited
modification as of very great importance, yet
it may be of some importance in facilitating
the negotiation of a foreign loan in case it is
determined to negotiate such a loan. I pre-
sume with this amendment Senators will waive
their objections and allow the section to pass.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know that I under-
stand its operation. Do I understand that that
is to be a condition in the bonds ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island give way to this
discussion?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Certainly;
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that the
Senator from Ohio proposes it to be inserted
as a condition in the bonds that certain coupons
shall be payable in foreign capitals ?
Mr.- SHERMAN. No. This would author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue a
portion of the four per cent, bonds with the
coupons payable at these places in Europe.
He could only issue bonds bearing four per
cent, interest and no other elaas of bonds under
this amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it limited in the amend-
ment to the four per cent, bonds ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very carefeHy limited
