478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
pose will be regarded as in order. X move that
the Senate do now adjourn till Monday next at
twelve o'clock.
Sir. SUMNER. Tliat is in order.
Messrs. CONKLING and TRUMBULL.
Oh, no, it is not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President—
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio desire to speak with regard to
the pertinency of this motion?
• Mr. SHERMAN. I do, if I have the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
like to be advised in regard to it. He does not
think it is in order under the ruling of the Sen-
ate heretofore.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That the Senate
do now adjourn till Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope that will be with-
drawn.
Mr. POMEROY. I withdraw it that the
Senator from Ohio may be heard.
Mr. SHERMAN. We should at least on
questionsof order not get into confusion. Ac-
cording to my recollection the Senator from
Illinois stated the practice of the Senate as it
has beeu ; but it has always been easily evaded,
and can bo evaded now by compounding" a
motion. I have seen it done here thirty times,
and perhaps I have proposed it, myself as often
as ten times; and that is, by moving to post-
pone a pending order with a view to submit a
motion for a recess, or with a view to submit
a motion to adjourn over. I have seen that
done very often. I have moved to postpone
a pending order with a view to be allowed to
move to fix a day for adjournment. That is a
compound motion, and is a very convenient
form of raising the question. Any Senator
has a right to move to postpone a pending order
with a view to move then that when the Sen-
ate adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday.
That evades the rule, and is according to the
practice.
1 make this statementto the Vice President,
who has not been accustomed to our rules, but
to the rules of the House of Representatives,
that he may understand what has been our
practice. -For myself I do not care whether we
adjourn over until to-morrow or until Monday.
I doubt very much in the present temper of
the Senate, several new speeches having been
made this evening, the friends of the bill not
seeming to be satisfied with its condition, be-
cause many of them have been speaking to the
bill—I doubt very much whether we can get a
vote to-night, and I do not think we ought to
punish ourselves by remaining longer. I do
not care, therefore, whether we adjourn until
to-morrow or until Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As some of my friends
hero are very urgent about adjourning, espe-
cially my friend from Rhode Island, who is
usually one of the readiest to attend and dis-
patch the public business, and as my friend
from Pennsylvania, who has been here longer
than any of us, insists on going home to-night,
and for some reason or other is very anxious
that the Senate should adjourn, I will suggest
that if it cau be understood that we shall take
the vote upon this Virginia bill to-morrow 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, Monday.
Several Senators. Say Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it can be understood
that at two o'clock on Monday or at three
o'clock on Monday -
Mr. STEWART. We will agree to three
o'clock on Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it be understood that
we shall vote at three o'clock on Monday, for
one, as unwilling as I am to have ths matter
go over, I would be willing to agree to let it
go over until Monday, and let the Senate now
adjourn, it that is its disposition, over until
Monday. Can we do that?
Several Senators. Certainly ; certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can that be the gen-
eral understanding of the Senate, that on Mon-
day at three o'clock we shall vote upon this
bill?
Mr. DRAKE. Why not say four o'clock?
Mr. STEWART. If you object to that we
will call the yeas and nays on the adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Illinois will state his precise question the
Chair will submit it to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My suggestion is this:
if it will meet the views of the Senate that at
three o'clock on Monday afternoon 
Mr. CAMERON. Why not say four?'
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania proposes four o'clock. That is just
as acceptable to me if he thinks it better.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; let it be four
o'clock, to satisfy all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well, then; at four
o'clock on Monday afternoon we shall proceed
to vote upon this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Without further
debate ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Without further debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois asks unanimous consent that an
order be made 
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I do not ask
it in the form of an order—an understanding.
According to the practice of the Senate if
there is such a general understanding every
Senator feels in honor bound to see that it is
fairly carried out. That is all I ask.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it will de-
pend upon Senators and not the Chair for its
enforcement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainlv.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does any Sen-
ator object to the understanding? ["No!"
"No!"] The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I have no objec-
tion to the Senator from Pennsylvania making
a motion to adjourn to Monday.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The VICE PR IiSIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent, t^ie Vir-
ginia bill being pending, to make a motion that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meeton Monday next. Is there objection to that
motion being entertained ? The Chair hears no
objection, arid the motion is before the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
(at half past ten o'clock p. m.) adjourned to
Monday next.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 14, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 78-3, to
admit Virginia to representation in the Cou-
gress of the United States, upon which the
gentleman from Nevada [Mr. Fitch] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me to submit a privileged ques-
tion ?
Mr. FITCH. I cannot yield.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 desire to move
that when the House adjourns to-day it be to
meet on Monday next.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope that will not
be done now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is much
important business before commitees, and I
desire to move that the House adjourn from
to-day until Monday.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] has no right to object
if the gentleman from Nevada chooses to yield
for the motion to be made.
Mr. FITCH. I do not yield.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman will
proceed.
ADMISSION OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Speaker, in my opinion
there should be no additional condition, fund-
amental or otherwise, exacted of Virginia as a
preliminary or a prerequisite to or adjunct of
her admission. The due course of reconstruc-
tive legislation does not, in my judgment, in-
clude, the condition of public affairs in the State
of Virginia does not justify nor demand, the
legislation proposed by the Committee on
Reconstruction.
Sir, I regret that we did not admit Virginia
to political equality by the same act through
which we remitted Georgia topolitical pupilage.
I believe it would have been better for Virginia,
better for Georgia, better for the Republican
party if we had kept our implied compact with
the one State while we compelled the other
to keep its compact with us; and I am quite
convinced that we can do no act so hurtful to
the Republican party, so injurious to the best
interests of the whole country, and so espe-
cially damaging to the speedy and honest recon-
struction of the entire South, as to exact from
Virginia now any other or further conditions
than those prescribed in the act of Congress of
April last. . -
Have not some of us forgotten or failed to
realize and appreciate the real object of the
late war and of the reconstruction legislation
which followed that war? He must be blind
indeed to the sources of human motive who
does not understand that the reigning animating
purpose of the American people was essen-
tially to preserve the geographical integrity and
political unity of the United States of America.
And to this was added, as an outgrowth of the
war, the not less lofty determination to extend
the scepter of freedom over every hu man bei ng
dwelling beneath the shelter of its flag. Sir,
to accomplish this result war was made upon a
gigantic scale ; and never before was war made
with so pure, so just, so generous a purpose.
Our people did not fight for power, for conquest,
or for vengeance; not to extend our boundaries,
not to obtain commercial advantages, not to
punish those who assailed us, but for thegrand
and patriotic purpose of preserving the Gov-
ernment our fathers founded, and making this
the free nation of which our fathers dreamed.
This purpose of the people rode high above
the clangor of arms, beneficent and serene.
Not all the sacrifices, not all the sufferings,
not all the cruelties of war sufficed to displace
it. In victory and in defeat alike there was the
same unchanging determination to gather no
spoils of conquest except the promise of a more
perfect union of victor and vanquished, and
exhibit no trophies of triumph except more
assured freedom to all. There was never an
hour, from the repulse at Manassas to the sur-
render of Lee, but had you asked any citizen
of the Republic, from the President in his high
place to the soldier who helped to garrison a
frontier fortress, the question, " What will you
do with the South when jou have conquered
it?" you would have received the same answer,
differing in phrase, perhaps, but identical in
idea; and that answer would have been, "We
will give to that rebellious people when we
have subjugated their armies precisely the
same rights and the same privileges that we
enjoy ; we will exact of them the same duties
and the same obedience that we concede; we
will demand of them the same securities which
are demanded of us; no law shall apply to
them which does not equally apply to us; no
tax-gatherers shall visit them who do not visit
us ; no benefits shall rain upon us which do not
descend in equal showers upon their heads."
Sir, if there were other purposes, if there
were more relentless purposes than these in
the minds of some who had suffered greatly
in the war, such were but island specks of
