4622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JOHN P0VTKR8.
Mr. SPENCER. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (EL Ii. No. 300) granting a pension to
John Powers, late a private in the eleventh
regiment United States infantry in the war of
1812, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment, and to ask for its passage
at this time.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. The Secretary of
the Interior is directed by the joint resolution
to place the name of John Powers, a private
in Captain Bliss's company of the eleventh
regiment of United States infantry in the war
of 1812, on the pension-roll, and to pay him a
pension of eight dollars per month from and
after the passage of the resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FOWLER. I now ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 200.
Mr. PRATT. I should like to make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports are in
order; but the Senator from Tennessee asks
unanimous consent to consider the joint reso-
lution indicated by him.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the resolution?
Mr. TIPTON. I ask leave to make a
report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
have risen with reports, which is in the nature
of an objection.
DOLLY, BllOWN.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No.
2101) granting a pension to Dolly Brown, have
directed me to report it back with a written
report, which I ask to have printed, and to
recommend the passage of the bill. I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to put the bill
on its passage now. Dolly Brown is the widow
of a revolutionary soldier who was a pensioner.
She was married to him in 1818, and of course
she must bo over seventy years of age now.
This bill grants her a pension from the date of
its passage ; and I hope there will be no objec-
tion to its passage now.
Mr. CONKLINGr. To begin with the pas-
sage of the bill?
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place on the pension-roll of the
United States the name of Dolly Brown, widow
of Daniel Brown, who served as a private sol-
dier in the war of the Revolution, in General
Stark's brigade in the battle of Bennington,
and to pay her a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month from the passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JACOB GATES.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (EL R. No. 2102)
granting a pension to Jacob Gates, have had
the same under consideration and have directed
me to make a favorable report recommending
the passage of the bill. I ask also the favor
of the Senate that this bill may receive its pas-
sage now. This man is seventy-five years of
age, and the bill grants him a pension at the
rate of eight dollars a month from its passage,
and it is important that the bill should be acted
upon at the present session.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place on the pension-roll of the
United States the name of Jacob Gates, who
served in a company commanded by Captain
John A. Burd, second regiment light dra-
goons, Pennsylvania militia, during the war of
1812. Gates is to receive a pension at the rate
of eight dollars per month from and after the
passage of the act during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PENSION CASES.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (II. II.
No. 1343) granting a pension to Ann Annis,
reported adversely, and moved the indefinite
postponement of the bill; which was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON. I am also instructed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1052) to increase the pension
of Mrs. Annie A. Hays, widow of Brigadier
General Alexander Hays, who was killed in
the battle of the Wilderness May 5, 1804, to
reportadversely thereon, and ask 1 that this bill
be put on the Calendar.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the bill will be acted
on now. Understanding this case, I hope it
will be treated like the tother pension bills
reported this morning, and passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the consideration of the bill?
Mr. HOWARD. I must object if it leads
to debate.
Mr. SCOTT. I think it can be disposed of
in ten minutes.
Mr. HOWARD. I think it is likely to lead
to debate. I must object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will he
placed on the Calendar.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1003)
granting payment of bounties, back-pay, &c.,
provided by previous laws of Congress, to cer-
tain soldiers therein named who have been
defrauded of the same by their attorneys with-
out authority; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1004)
for the relief of Gideon P. Hodgson; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. OSBORNasked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1001) granting lands to aid in tiie construction
of a canal in the State of Florida; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1002) to amend the judiciary act of 1789;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 223) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay certain cotton
claims, the proceeds of which arc at present
covered into the Treasury, arising from the
sales of cotton unlawfully seized after the 30th
of June, 1865; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD. I present a joint resolu-
tion to the Senate, and ask, by unanimous con-
sent, that it be acted upon now, for I think it
important. It relates to applications to be
made hereafter by railroad companies for
amendments of their charters ; and I think if
Senators will listen to it they will see the neces-
sity of acting upon it at present and without
any objection.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 222)
relative to applications for alterations of rail-
road charters. It provides that after the ad-
journment of the present session of Congress
no petition or application shall be received by
either House of Congress for any alteration
or amendment of the charter of any railroad
company or corporation created by act of Con-
gress, or to which there has been granted any
public lands of the United States to aid in the
construction of its road, unless the same shall
set forth fully and with certainty the alteration
or amendment applied for and the reasons
therefor ; nor unless the same shall be signed
by the president of such corporation and veri-
fied by his oath or that of the treasurer of the
company; nor unless notice of such petition
or application shall, at least thirty days before
the next succeeding session of Congress, bavq
been published in a newspaper at least once in
each week for three succeeding weeks nearest
the office or general place of business of such
company or corporation, which notice shall
contain the substance of such petition or appli-
cation, an affidavit of the publication of which
notice shall be attached thereto. But nothing
contained in the joint resolution is to prevent
such company or corporation from applying to
Congress for an amendment of any act of Con-
gress relating to it without such notice as above
provided if the amendment applied for be shown
to be necessary to provide for any accident or
any defect that accrued within such period of
thirty days.
Mr. CONKLING. I think that had better
be printed.
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Senator from
New York object to its consideration ?
Mr. CONKLING. I do not like to put it in
that form ; and I submit to the Senator that
an act of Congress which, among other things,
prescribes that any party shall not present a
petition to Congress, except upon certain con-
ditions, is, without reference to the subject to
which it relates, properly atopic for somecon-
sideration.* I do not see myself what right we
have by act of Congress to say that any citizen
shall not send a petition here. We may have
a right to say what we will do with it when it
comes here ; but the first provision of this joint
resolution, as I understood the reading, is that
no petition shall be received, no application
of any sort, unless a variety of things afterward
specified have been complied with.
Mr. HOWARD. They are the same pro-
visions that are to be found in the statutes of
almost every State in the Union, in order to
guard against mistake and imposition on the
part of corporations when they apply for relief
or favor at the hands of a legislative body.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator will observe,
however, that the objection which I suggest,
if it be one, does not applyat all to the States;
and it does not apply at all except so far as the
Constitution of the United States applies it. I
am rejoiced to hear this joint resolution read,
because it implies that there is some railroad
company somewhere which may possibly ask
for something hereafter that it has not already
received._ I am very glad to know that there
is any railroad company which is not provided
for to the full extent. I will join the Senator
in the perfection of any legislation which shall
erect barriers between Congress and these rail-
road companies; and to the end that we may
do it better, I think this had better be printed
and let us see what it is.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator objects to
the consideration of the resolution now it will
have to go over and be printed.
The joint resolution was read twice by its
title, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 224) concerning telegraph
companies; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
1 ordered to be printed.
