1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the present winter, where there have been judg-
ments of the Supreme Court of the United
States. Senators did not like to appropriate
money for their satisfaction, because the claim-
ants were Englishmen, and England owed citi-
zens of the United States on account of the
Alabama and its depredations, and other ships
and their depredations. But the common sense
of the Senate recognized a judgment of the
Supreme Court as final, where that court had
decided that there was a case of liquidated
damages ; and by the same reasoning, where
a joint commission has decided, unless you
arraign that commission for fraud and set aside
all its proceedings, precisely as if you should
arraiguthe Supreme Court of the United States
for fraud, its decision is in the nature of res
adjudicata. So, at any rate, it was regarded
by the committee, and it was by their direction
that I moved this claim on the deficiency bill
last evening.
This is my reply to the Senator from Wis-
consin, who has undertaken to set forth an
enormous difference between claims when com-
ing from the Committee on Foreign Relations
and when coming from the Committee on
Claims. The Senator is entirely mistaken.
There is no difference. Let the Senator report
from the Committee on Claims a bill to pay in
any case of res adjudicata 
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to appeal
to my friend from Massachusetts whether he
thinks it entirely fair at this late hour, when
there is so much business yet to do, to discuss
this question at such great amplitude as he is
now doing?
Mr. SUMNER. I am only replying to other
Senators.
Mr. RAMSEY. • There is a vast deal of
business yet remaining to be disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts must not be interrupted
without his consent.
Mr. RAMSEY. I simply wish to make an
appeal to him. I do not think it fair.
Mr. SUMNER. Why did not my friend
make an appeal to the Senator from Wiscon-
sin when he was assailing the action of the
Senate last evening?
Mr. RAMSEY. I did not happen to be in
at that moment.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I wish my
friend were in his seat a little more.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am constantly here.
Mr. SUMNER. He must excuse me now.
Then I put aside the whole argument of my
friend, the Senator from Wisconsin. It is
irrelevant; it has no bearing on this case. If
the Senator from Wisconsin will bring forward
a claim of liquidated damages, let it come from
his committee, and there will be no question
in regard to it. Now, I am brought  
Mr. CHANDLER. Will my friend give
way to enable me to move that the further con-
sideration of this claim be postponed until
to-morrow ?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 will finish in one momefit,
unless the Senator is very desirous of pressing
the motion now.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; I should like
to do so.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; the Senator
may make his motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is perfectly evident
that this measure will lead to long debate. I
therefore move that its further consideration
be postponed until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts yield the floor?
Mr. SUMNER. I yield for iliat purpose
only. I have something more to say m reply
to the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pratt.]
Mr. DAVIS. I inquire whether the honor-
able Senator can give up the floor for that pur-
pose or not ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts can yield the floor for
the purpose of the motion. The Chair thinks
it is in his power to yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the Chair whether
the Senator does not lose his right to the floor
if he yields it for that purpose?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks he loses his right to the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Chair does not
suppose that I cannot take the floor again ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. When recog-
nized by the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the further
consideration of the joint resolution now pend-
ing be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to make a report
from a committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive it.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WILSON. I submit a report from the
committee of conference on the Army appro-
priation bill.
The report was read, as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. It. No. 2082)
entitled "An actmaking appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 39,1871,
and for other purposes," having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
hereby recommend to their respective Houses, as
follows:
That the Senate reeede from their disagreement
to the second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh,
eighth, ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth,
fourteenth, fifteenth, eighteenth, twenty-fll'st,
twenty-second, twenty-fifth, and twenty-seventh
sections of the substitute of the House for the addi-
tional sections added by the Senate as amendments
to the bill, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from the sixteenth and
nineteenth sections of their substitute, and that the
same be stricken fiom the bill.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the seventeenth section of the Housesubstitute, and
agree to the same with the lollowing amendments,
namely:
1. Alter the word wear, in line two, insert the
words "while on duty."
2. Strike outall aftertlieword rank,' mlinefive,
down to the end of the section.
And that the Houseagree to said amendments.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the twentieth section of the substitute of the House,
and agree to the same with an amendment, namely:
in line two, after the words "United States," insert
the words "on the active list;" and that the House
agree to said amendment.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-third section of the substitute of the
House, and aeree to the same with an amendment,
namely: in line six strike out all after the word
"Sunday"down to the end of the section; and that
the House agree to the said amendment.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-fourth section of the substituto of the
House, and agree to the same with an amendment,
namely: in line three, after the word "one,"insert
the words "or more and that the House agree to
said amendment. .
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the twenty-sixth section of the substitute of the
House, and agree to the same with the following
amendments, namely: , , ,,
1. In line three strike out the words twelve thou-
sand" and insert m lieu thereof the words " thirteen
thousand five hundred." ,
2. In line four strike out the word _ ten and
insert in lieu thereof the word "eleven."
3. In line five, after the words "seven thousand,
add the words "five hundred."
4. In line six, after the words live thousand,
insert the words "five hundred."
5. In line nineteen strike out the word fourteen
and insert in lieu thereof the word "fitteen." ^
6. In line twenty-nine strike out the word con-
tinuous." „ ,
7. In line forty-one strike out the words when
necessary." ,
And that the House agree to all the said amend-
ments. i
That both Houses agree to the following amend-
ments to the bill, namely :
1. In lines seven and eight strike out all after the
word "Army " and insert the words " twelve million
nine hundred and thirty-four thousand three Hun-
dred and ninety dollars."
2. Strike out lines nine, ten, and eleven, and lines
fifteen and sixteen. HENRY WILSON,
SIMON CAMKKON,
WiLLARD WARNER,
Managers on the part oj tile *Se)ulte.
0. J. MCKEY,
JOHN A. liOHAN,
J. P. ASPER,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. NYE. I should like to hear what is
stricken out and what is retained by this report.
cannot tell by the numbers of the amend-
ments.
Mr. WILSON. It will be remembered that
the difference' of opinion in the Senate was
mainly in regard to the pay of the General and
Lieutenant General of the Army. The com-
mittee of conference made this agreement:
that the pay of the General of the Army, instead
of $12,000, shall be $13,500 a year, and that
the law now existing, which gives the General
§3,600 a year, $300 a month, as commutation
for fuel and quarters, and $600 a year for for-
age for horses, making $4,200, shall stand as
at present; so that his compensation will be
$17,700 annually.
Again : the proposition originally was that
the Lieutenant General should have $10,000.
That was something of a reduction. He had
fuel and quarters and forage in addition. This
report provides that he shall have $11,000 per
annum and fuel, quarters, and forage, which
makes but a small reduction with him. It
makes his salary from thirteen to fourteen
thousand dollars.
Another disputed point, though I think it
was generally agreed to, although several Sen-
ators opposed it, was the provision allowing
military officers to hold civil offices.
Mr. NYE. Retired officers?
Mr. WILSON. All officers; and we have
now made this distinction, which was in my
original bill: that officers in active service
shail not hold civil offices; but retired officers
may hold those civil offices as they do now.
General Sickles is now a retired officer of the
Army and at the same time minister to Spain.
If the bill should pass as now reported by the
committee of conference it will not affect him
at all; he will continue in his present office.
Another point of controversy was in regard
to dismissing all the store-keepers. It was
finally settled that we should not meddle with
that matter at all.
Another point of difference was in regard to
the question of brevets. We provide in this
report that officers shall not wear the uniform
of their brevet rank on official duty, but may
do so on other occasions. The feeling in the
line of the Army is very strong, overwhelming,
against these brevets. In the staff of tue
Army the feeling is somewhat the other way.
By this report the brevets are continued. The
officers will continue to hold their brevet com-
missions, and they will be borne on the Army
Register ; but they will not be allowed to wear
the uniform of the brevet rank on official duty
in the Army. For instance, a lieutenant in the
Army cannot wear the uniform of a colonel on
parade or while on duty, but on other occa-
sions he may do so.
Mr. NYE. In other words, he can wear it
in his parlor.
Mr. WILSON. Yes; but when he is in the
line of duty he cannot wear it. The reason is
that this practice makes the Army grotesque,
ridiculous, and absurd. It is absurd in itself
to see such officers wearing the uniforms of
lieutenant colonels, colonels, and generals in
the Army. This report will correct that abuse.
There is but one opinion, I think, on that sub-
ject in the line of the Army.
If the Senator has any other questions' to
sk I will answer them.
Mr. NYE. No, sir; I have heard enough.
T hope that conference report will not be
adopted by the Senate. I have been on several
committees of conference myself, and I have
never felt it my duty to yield a point where the
expression of the Senate was so emphatic as
it was upon this question of reducing the sal-
aries of the General and Lieutenant General
of the Army in the little I have had to do with
conference committees. If there ever was a
thing affirmatively determined in this world
in the Senate, and which should have been a
direction to any committee of conference, it
was the expression made against cutting down
