1870.
THE OOiSi GEESSIONAL GLOBE.
462S
CONFISCATION CASES IN VIRGINIA.
Mr. LEWIS submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tiie President of the United States
be requested to cause to bo communicated to the
Senate a statement of the moncy-i paid into tho
Treasury of tho United States, on account of all
property peizeil, condemned, and confiscated in the
State of Virginia under and by virtue of the act of
July 17, 1862, entitled "An act to suppress insurrec-
tion, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and
confiscate the property of rebels, and for oiher pur-
poses," including also a statement of the title of
each case, the name of the owner of the property
sold, the purchaser ot the same, and of the officers
by whom respectively the proceeds of sale were paid
into the Treasury, and the amount actually paid in
each and eyery case.
ROBKKT T. lililKPATWCK.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask the Senate to take
up House joint resolution No. 209.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tl,requires unan-
imous consent at this time.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(II. R. No. 209) authorizing the Secretary of
War to audit and pay the claim of Robert T.
Kirkpatriek, a loyal citizen of Tennessee, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
is a direction to the Secretary of War to
examine and pay the claim of Robert T. Kirk-
patriek, of Nashville, Tennessee, for materials
taken and used by military order in building
a fort for the defense of that city; but the
amount so allowed is not to exceed the sum of
$20,523.
Mr. HARLAN. Is there a report in that
case?
Mr. FOWLER. I believe there is a report
from the House Committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
is not able to find any report v/itli the papers.
Mr. FO WLER. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scott] reported the bill from the
Committee on Claims of the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. There is a report made by
the committee of the House of Representatives
accompanying that bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Perhaps the Senator can
state the case.
Mr. SCOTT. I can state tho case very
briefly. The claim is for real estate taken by
we United States forces during the time they
were in occupancy of tho neighborhood of
Nashville and included within the fortifica-
tions that were erected at that place by the
Union troops. If I recollect the circumstances
of the case correctly, Kirkpatrick's house was
embraced within the lines of fortifications,
and for the purpose of completing them was
demolished. The general in command at that
place detailed a board of inquiry to examine
the premises, who made a minute estimate of
the damages sustained by him by the destruc-
tion of his property and made a report of the
amount of those damages, and it is for that
amount., or very nearly so, that the House bill
gives him compensation. That is the case.
Mr. CONKLING. What was the date?
Mr. SCOTT. 1 cannot recall the year.
Mr. CONKLING. Was it after Tennessee
had seceded and before she was restored to
representation ?
Mr. SCOTT. I am not so certain about
that.
Mr. FOWLER. It was. It was in 1SG3,
Mr. SCOTT. I may further state, however,
that the papers accompanying the bill and the
report find that Kirkpatriek himself was a
man of undoubted loyalty, and appeared to be
so throughout tho whole struggle. ^ The Sen-
ator from Tennessee, Thave no doubt, is more
familiar with the dates than lam. The report
having been made by the committee of the
House of Representatives, I read the report
and tho papers accompanying it, and have no
doubt whatever of the justice of the claim. I
may state, moreover, that there is no part of
this claim which comes within the rule which
has been so long contested in the Senate.
There is nothing in the bill for either quarter-
master or commissary's stores. It relates
entirely to the real estate of this claimant de-
stroyed and occupied by the United States
troops in making a fortification.
Mr. FOWLER. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania has stated the facts in the ease, and I
should like to have the report read if it is among
the papers. I am perfectly familiar with all
the circumstances connected with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary is
unable to find the House report. There are
voluminous papers, but he has not been able
to find the House report, if it was included with
them.
Mr. FOWLER. The case is simply this:
General Rosecrans, after the battle of Murfrees-
borough. determined to build a fort at Nash-
ville ; this man's house was standing on the site;
he appointed a commission to go and value
the property, and they did so at the original
cost to the man who had built the house, who
presented his bills, and it was a very small
amount at that. Mr. Kirkpatriek asked of the
officers that he be permitted to take his doors
and mantel-pieces out; but that was not allowed,
and those articles were sold and the amount
realized from them paid into the Treasury. All
the materials of his house were taken, and he
since that time has had no house and has been
almost destitute of everything, and he is rely-
ing on this property now for the payment of
his creditors in New York and Philadelphia.
He is a man against whose loyalty there never
was a word; a man of unflinching loyalty, of
the purest character, and most upright pur-
poses. I wish very much that the report was
with the papers. This matter is in the nature
of a contract from beginning to cad; so re-
garded by General Rosecrans and the officers
who took possession.
Mr. CONKLING. Every bill like this is to
be disposed of, I hope, upon a principle com-
mon to all. The particular haidship of this
case, if hardship there be in the fact that this
man needs this money to pay to his creditors,
is not a consideration, I take it, upon which
the Senate is to ground its action. There may
be something in this case to distinguish it from
the many other cases in which the Senate has
refused to pay demands like this; but after
listening to both the Senators who have spoken
I am t.nable to see it, for one. This is not the
case of the property of a citizen being occu-
pied as an arsenal, for example, by troops of
the United States, thereby drawing upon it the
fire of the enemy and leading to its destruc-
tion. If it were it would fall within well-
recognized principles of public law. It is not
like any one of the cases to be found in the
books, in which, notwithstanding the fortunes
of a public war, a citizen is entitled to indem-
nity. Oil the contrary, as I understand it, in
a single word, it is this: the claimant, at a
certain time and at a certain place, was the
owner of property. The time was when a
public war was raging 
Mr. FOWLER. 1 appeal to the Senator
from New York to permit us to take a vote on
this case and let the Senate decide it. We are
all familiar with the case. We have but a
moment or two of the morning hour left.
Mr. CONKLING. It would be very singular
if we were all familiar with a case in which the
report is lost and m which we have listened to
a verbal statement very brief in character.
Mr. SCOTT. I have found the report.
Mr. CONKLING. I will yield after finish-
ing my statement. 1 say the ease as presented
is of a man who at a certain time and a certain
place was the owner of property. The time
was during the raging of a public war ; the
place was a State then declared in insurrec-
tion ; and that property thus owned and situ-
ated was absorbed in the military operations
of the nation. I do not know but that all Sen-
ators except myself see between that case and
cases which have been decided in the negative
some distinction. I see none, although 1 observe
that it is not for quartermaster's stores, and,
therefore, does not give rise to questions which
have grown ont of a particular statute,-* Bat,
although not for quartermaster's stores, it does
present at large the very question upon which
I do not mean to record my vote in favor cf
any claimant until the time arrives that the
Senate is in full possession of the question and
prepared to decide it as affecting all others.
That is not the case here. Therefore I hope
this bill may go over until some time when we
cannot only hear the report read deliberately,
but when nobody need be afraid of exhausting
the morning hour by remarking a moment
upon it.
The YICE PRESIDENT- The morning hour
has expired, and the bill (H. R. No. 1828)
making appropiiations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1871, is before the Senate.
The Chair will state that the House report has
been found ; it is in manuscript.
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the report be
printed.
The motion was agrded to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The following bills and joint resolutions,
signed by the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives on Saturday last, were signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 399) to authorize the paving
and sewerage of M street, Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 537) for the relief of James
A. Bunce;
A bill (S, No. 809) granting a pension to
Mary A. Filler;
A bill (S. No. 891) to require the register
of wills for the District of Columbia to give
bond;
A bill (S. No. 948) amendatory of act ap-
proved February 5, 18.67, and joint resolution
approved March 29, 1867, relative to judges
and commissioners of election in the cities
of Washington and Georgetown. District of
Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 927) to make legal a certain
act of the councils of the city of Washington ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2218) supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to authorize the construc-
tion, extension, and use of a lateral branch of
the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company
into and within the District of Columbia,"
approved February 5, 1870 ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 119) to admit
free of duty certain printed chrotnos ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 77) authorizing
a distribution of the copies remaining in the
Department of State of the Tributes of the
Nations to Abraham Lincoln.
MESSAGE MtOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clintost Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1948) to amend an act
entitled "An act to change and define the
boundaries of the eastern and western judicial
districts of Virginia, and to alter the names of
said districts, and for other purposes," passed
June 11, 1864;;
A bill (H. R. No. 1274) for the relief of Mrs.
Caroline G. Gardner, widow of Brevet Brig-
adier General John L. Gardner ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1277) for the relief of
Richard M. Hodgson;
A bill (II. R. No. 1917) for the relief of
Leonard Harding;
A bill (H. It. No. 1971) for the relief of the
sureties of the late Captain A. R. Hetzell;
A bill (H. ft. No. 1980) for the relief of Wil-
liam J. Blaekiston;
A bill (H. ft. No. 2241) for the relief of heirs
of William Eddy, deceased ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2242) for the relief of
Frederick Smith;
A bill (H. R. No. 2246) for the relief of
William Selden;
