480
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
terrible war the world has known: a State
whose people have been punished if ever people
were punished for their folly and crime fa
btate which has been despoiled of property by
our armies, wrested of territory by Congress,
and burdened with an Atlas-load of debt bv her
own time rulers ; a State of devastated fields,
wasted plantations, decayed manufactories, and
blackened rums. Bo forlorn, so shorn of rai-
ment, so lull of sorrow, so scarred with battle,
so despairing, she stands at the door of your
Capitol aud meekly asks, not as of old for do-
minion, not to shape the policy of the country,
not to fall the Capitol with her sons and re-
tainers ; but she asks only the right to rale her-
self, to have her Representatives upon this floor,
to shape her own local laws, to elect her own
local officers, to restore her shattered fortunes
and to recuperate her buried industries.
For myself I will not deny her; I can feel
no rejoicing for her humiliation; I will not
laugh at her calamity; I cannot mock her woe.
Alter all is said, Republican though I be, she
is a part of my country, and I will not insult
her sorrows, lor Virginia as of old, for arro.
gant, rebellious, threatening Virginia, we found
prompt defiance-—the thunder of artillery, the
tramp of armed men, and devastation from tha
mountains to the sea. But for the new Vir-
ginia which emerges from the smoke of battle,
or Virg.ma who places her folly and her sin
behind her, for Virginia clothed in the gar-
ments of freedom and with the pledge of equal
rights upon her lips, I can find no words save
o welcom? atld confidence and cheer.
. Speaker, if we refuse Virginia admis-
sion, if we incumber her with the conditions
prescribed by the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, we cannot say it is because she has done
anything we forbade her or failed to do any-
thing we required of her. We must say at
last it is because we wished to punish her
further for her treason, and avenge ourselves
more fully for the sufferings she has caused
this nation. Sir, we cannot stand before the
country, we cannot face history, we cannot be
indorsed by our own better judgment upon
such a proposition. Christianity condemns it:
statesmanship rejects it; common sense re-
pudiates it; wise partisan policy frowns upon
it. If we pursue this course we will build up
a party of vengeance, we will promote revolu-
tion, we will open the gates of the tomb in
which progressive Virginia has buried her
past, and on the door-plate of Virginia politics,
open and blank to-day for us to engrave upon
it what characters we may, we will indelibly
inscribe those hieroglyphics with which De-
mocracy designates her dwelling-place.
Let us not be so relentless for the past; let
us not be so unwise for the present; let us not
be so timorous for the future. Admit Virginia
^Y*khout indignity and invite her to join
the Republican pageant; admit Virginia with-
out these reflections, and fasten her with hooks
earliest possible moment. But upon one essen-
tial point there is a wide difference of opinion.
It is claimed upon one side that Congress, by
the act of April 10, 1869, made certain require-
ments of the State of Virginia, with the agree-
ment, express or implied, that upon compli-
ance with those requirements the State should
be,unconditionally admitted to representation.
It is now claimed that all of those requirements
have been complied with in good faith, and we
are told that by any delay, or by imposing a
single condition, Congress is acting in bad faitli
a j SU'^y of violating a binding agreement";
and the immediate and unconditional admis-
* "f Virginia is demanded as a right. To
this demand we reply that the act of April 10
was not intended as an agreement, and con-
tains no language which can fairly receivesuch
a construction. It authorized the submission
to the people of the constitution adopted by
the convention which met at Richmond in De-
cember, 1867, and also the election of members
of Congress and certain State officers, and re
quired the adoption of the fifteenth amend-
ment; but so far from providing that the State
should be admitted as soon as all of these things
were, done, the last section of the act expressly
provides that—
of steel to the Republican heart ; admit Vir-
ginia without these "fundamental conditions,"
and carry out the true and loyal purpose of the
people. Give credit to her protestations of
fidelity to the country; give her people the
right of self-government; give her Represent-
atives their seats upon this floor. Let the
gleam of harvests once more make opulent
her valleys ; let the hum of her marts again
make musical the morning ; let the clatter of
factory wheels disturb the echoes of her hills;
let thrift and prosperity and order and peace
enter in stately procession upon her soil through
the door that opens to receive her here
Mr. UPSON. Mr. Speaker, after the dis-
cussion which has taken place I shall occupy
the time of the House only so long as may be
necessary to state briefly some of the reasons
which induced me as a member of the Com
mittee on Reconstruction to concur in recom-
mending the passage of the bill, and which will
induce me to give my vote for it. It is agreed
by all, or nearly all, that Virginia should be
admitted to representation in Congress at the
m'^ The proceedings in anv of said States (Virginia,
Mississippi, and %exas) shall not bo deemed final or
operate as a, comjjteto restoration thereof until their
action respectively shall be approved by Congress."
, The real question which we have to decide
is not whether Congress has the legal right to
impose conditions upon Virginia, for condi-
tions have been attached to the admission of
at least thirteen States now in this Union, as
has been clearly shown during this debate by
my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine;] and
it is too late to take the ground that we must
admit the State unconditionally or not at all.
1 here is a question, however, which admits of
discussion,, and it is one of great importance,
and that is, whether the conditions recom-
mended by the committee arc just and reason-
able and ought to be adopted, if we know
that the people of Virginia have returned to
their allegiance and will hereafter be true to
the Constitution of the United States, and will
in good faith abide by the pledges which they
have given us, there is no need of insisting upon
any condition, and we cannot too soon admit
the Representatives of Virginia to the Congress
of the united States; but we have too much
reason to distrust the good faith of a majority
of those who are now in power in that State.
Jf that part of the preamble of the bill which
recites that Congress is "assured that the peo-
ple of Virginia will carry out in letter and spirit
the provisions and requirements of the consti-
tution submitted under the reconstruction acts
of Congress, and ratified by the people of Vir-
ginia," means that we believe that all of the
men who gave those assurances were speaking
fairly and honestly, I must say that I do not con-
cur m that part of the preamble, for I have no
such belief.
We are not left to the warning given to us
by the fraud practiced upon the country by the
Legislature of Georgia. In this casewe Have
proof, and so far as I know the fact is not denied
that some of those men who came before the
Reconstruction Committee, and with the most
earnest professions of sincerity pledged their
honor that every provision of their constitution
should be faithfully and honestly observed,
before they reached their homes openly avowed
their design to disregard their solemn pledges,
and to be bound by them no longer than might
suit their own purposes.
When this design is thus openly avowed, and
when the people whose rights are endangered
appeal to us for protection, what good answer
can we give to them or to the people of this
country if we fail to throw around them all
the safeguards in our power?
The language applied to this bill, when it is
characterized as cruel and inhuman, comes
with a bad grace from those who speak for men
detected in an attempt to perpetrate a gross
fraud. What are those conditions against
which so much has been said, and which have
been called degrading.and humiliating?
They are not unreasonable, unless the obli-
gation to obey the constitution and to act hon-
estly is to be deemed a hardship.
The first prescribed the oath "to be taken by
all officers, civil or military, not the test-oath
of the members of this House, but an oath
similar to the one required by the constitutions
of nearly every one of the States lately in rebel-
lion, and which should have been required by
the constitution of Virginia. ■
Another condition to whieh I have heard no
valid objection is that all persons who shall at
the time said constitution shall take effect hold
any office by appointment or under the author-
ity of the district commander shall continue
to discharge the duties of their several offices
until their successors are elected under the
constitution. The other conditions are in-
tended to secure so far as we can secure, the
faithful observance of those provisions of the
constitution of Virginia which guaranty equal
rights to all of her citizens, without regard to
race, color, or previous condition of servitude.
Can there be any reasonable objection to
these conditions?
If there is no danger that an attempt will be
made to change the constitution so as to deprive
any citizensof their just rights, then these condi-
tions are certainly harmless, butif there is dan-
ger that the threats which have been made will
be carried into execution, these conditions may
in some degree give us the means of protecting
the rights of the loyal people of Virginia.
I shall vote for this bill because I believe
that all of its provisions are necessary, reason-
able, and just.
Mr. HAWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I am greatly
surprised at the course which the debate has
taken upon the bill now before the House.
We are asked how we can have the courage,
how we can have the heart to refuse admission
to the State of Virginia when she applies at
the doors of Congress and asks for admission
into the Union. We are told that the State of
Virginia was the mother of four Presidents ;
that she once stood first among the States of
this Union; and that in the days when this
nation fought to establish its national life in its
early, history she stood by the country.
Sir, I cannot forget, and this country will not
forget, that when Virginia comes here to the
doors of Congress and asks to be recognized
as a State in this Union and to have her Repre-
sentatives admitted upon the floor of this House
and of the Senate of the United States, that
she comes here with her hands reeking with the
blood of more than a hundred thousand of the
gallant sons of this Republic who have fallen
in its defense and that liberty might live and
that treason and traitors might die. Gentle-
men may speak as they please, they may say
they speak for their constituents, or they may
speak for themselves, and members upon the
other side of the House or upon this side may
say what the country will sustain and what it
will not sustain. I say for myself, standing
here to-day, I will have further guarantees from
Virginia if my vote can secure them.
, Sir, live years have not passed since Vir-
ginia, withm sight of this Capitol, floated the
rebel flag; five years have not passed since
they, sought to plant upon this very Capitol the
"stars and bars;" and now, forsooth, Virginia
comes here to-day and says that it has always
been a State in this Union and claims the right
here aud to-day to be admitted to representa-
tion upon the floor of this House.
I ask what has Virginia done that shall entitle
her more than any other rebel State to come
in here without conditions? No other State
has come here without conditions unless it be
perhaps the State of Tennessee. We have
imposed conditions upon the other rebel States
seeking admission here, and why should we say
to Virginia, "You may come in here and no
