5568
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
July 14,
the salaries of the General and Lieutenant
General of our Army. The honorable Senator
who submits this report did that thing once
before, and came back here, and the Senate
voted him .emphatically down, and now he has
gone out and done it again. I submit that
while it may be entirely regular, it is hardly
respectful to the instructions which he received
from the vote of this Senate. The Senate, by
an overwhelming vote, declared that these sal-
aries should not be cut down ; and yet the
honorable Senator goes out on a committee of
conference and agrees that they shall be—the
very point upon which we split before ; and now
lie comes back and asks the Senate to reverse the
verdict that they rendered most emphatically
upon that question. To that I object.
The privilege which this report gives to Army
officers of wearing the uniforms of their brevet
rank when nobody sees them is a privilege
which I doubt not will satisfy the line entirely;
and my friend says the opinion of the line is
overwhelming on the subject. When I go out
of doors I must be dressed as be tells me, but
when I am out of sight 1 may put on as many
baubles as I please. Sir, it is a downright
insult to these officers who have as bravely
earned the right to wear their uniform as any
man who wears it.
There was another feature in this bill, to
which the Senate refused to accede, and that
was the provision in regard to mustering out
this remnant of veterans who are being swal-
lowed up by death every day. And yet the
Senator has consented to that very provision.
These are the three main features to which
the Senate said they would not agree ; and yet
the honorable Senator has taken the respons-
ibility to go out in a committee of conference
and agree to them. Now, sir, I call upon the
Senate to do one thing. The Army is well
enough as it is under the old law. Let it stand
over for this year, and let the recorded judg-
ment of the Senate stand, that they will not
consent that the laurels shall be plucked from
the brows of these heroes.
I move, in conclusion, that the report of
the conference committee be laid on the table.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator will remem-
ber that this is the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. NYI£. 1 do not care. The Army appro-
priation bill should have been by itself.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say a word to tho
Senator on this subject. The Senate have given
no such votes as he says they did, and he knows
it. The Senate never voted that they would
not reduce the pay of the General of the Army.
The Senate never voted that they would not
reduce the officers of the Army.
Mr. STEWART. I rise to a question of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts will suspend, and the Sena-
tor from Nevada will state his point of order.
Mr. STEWART. A motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point
of order is well taken.
Mr. WILSON. 1 hope the Senator does not
propose to lay the Army appropriation bill on
the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Nevada withdraw the motion?
Mr. NYE. I will withdraw the motion for
the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
Senator from Massachusetts will proceed.
Mr. WILSON. What the Senate voted was
to lay upon the table the report of the com-
mittee of conference ou the Army reduction
Hill, because it disagreed from it in a variety
particulars. But let me say here that I do
not hold to this doctrine, that a committee of
conference is bound to adhere to the votes of
the Senate. It is not a free committee if that
is true. Of course the vote of the Senate is a
guide, and has its proper and legitimate influ-
ence; but a committee of conference between
the two Houses means a free committee, a fair
conference in regard to tho disputed points
between the two bodies.
Now, on this question of making the pay of
the General of the Army $12,000, and tho pay
of tho Lieutenant General $10,000, the House,
I think, has three times voted nearly unani-
mously one way and the Senate strongly the
other; but on the question of fixing the pay
of the General of the Army and of the Lieu-
tenant General, as provided in this bill, neither
House has expressed any opinion whatever.
So much in regard to that. In regard to
mustering out officers of the Army the Senator
fights a battle for men who are all against hira.
My opinion is that of tho two thousand officers
of the Army there are not ten men who are
not in favor of this provison. I do not know
a man in the Army who is opposed to it, and
I do not believe there is one. And since the
other bill was defeated the other day there has
been nothing but a crowd of letters and tele-
graphic dispatches from the Army claiming that
something should be done ; and why ? Here
are officers living ou their pay proper at four,
five, or six hundred dollars a year for the sup-
port of themselves and their families, having
nothing to do. They want to know their posi-
tion; they want to know whether they are to
stay in the Army or not. The very men who
are now off duty are unanimous for this bill;
and they are crowding in from all quarters
writing to us to lix this matter anil determine
what is to be done. They want to know whether
they are to stay in the Army or not; and no
man of them knows whether they are or not, even
after the passage of this bill. The wounded
men, the sick men, the wen who are under dis-
ability, the old men, go to this retired list we
provide for tliem; the other men retire volun-
tarily, those who choose, from the Army with a
year's pay, with something to depend ou. An
officer wrote me yesterday that tor God's sake
he wished this question settled; he wished to
go out of service and go into business, as he
had an opportunity to do-; he had served long
and well, but he was now dependent, ou his pay
proper, and he could not live on it, and he
wished action. It is so everywhere. That
part of the measure, I take it, there is little
difference in the Army and little difference in
Congress about.
Now, if the Senate wishes to lay this bill on
the table, I desire it to remember that this is
the Army appropriation bill. I desire it to
take a vote upon it fairly. As to the reduc-
tion of the pay of the General of the Army, as
it stands by this report it is $13,500, and a
recognition of the law that gives $3,600 for
fuel and quarters and $000 for the purpose of
taking care of his horses, making $4,200,
which, added to the $13,500, make the sum of
$17,700 for the General of the Army—a very
small reduction, indeed, from his present pay.
There are other important provisions in this
bill. There are radical differences between
the two Houses. Several votes have been taken
m regard to it, and the committee of confer-
ence have tried to make the thing as nearly
right as they possibly could. If the Senate
agrees to it, ail riglu; if the Senate votes it
down, of course we shall submit.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
Mr. CQRBETT. I ask tho Senator from
Nevada to allow me to take up a bill that has
been returned from the House, having passed
the Senate once; and an important amend-
ment has been made by the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That re-
quires unanimous consent.
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
Mr. NYE. In the discussion of this ques-
tion a few evenings ago, when a bill containing
substantially the same features as this was
before us, and prominent among them the re-
duction of the pay of the General and Lieuten-
ant General of the Army, on the yeas and nays
the vote stood 28 to 13 against that recom-
mendation. I consider that very emphatic, and
as expressive of the sense of this body. Now,
the honorable Senator says I am fighting those
whom I am trying to befriend. 1 am. sneak-
ing, Mr. President, for these few, as it is claimed
here, four hundred and twenty officers, who it
is said aro very anxious.to get out of the ser-
vice. If that be true, they can get out any day
they please by resigning. The Senator says
they cannot live on their pay proper, which is
but four or five hundred dollars a year. They
can get out any day they please. That being
the case, I take it for granted the Senator's
letters are not quite what he thinks they are.
I have had some letters on this subject. I
always hate to say anything about letters in
discussions here, because they are very fre-
quently referred to. 1 have received more
letters on this subject than I ever did on any
other, approving my course, and I know there
is not an officer in the Army of the United
States who is now there by force. He can get
out if he chooses. He does not need to await
the passage of any bill whatever.
Now, Mr. President, I will be a little more
lenient. I move, so as to have another com-
mittee of conference appointed, that we now
concur in this report, and that a new commit-
tee take the matter into consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
concur in the report of the committee of con-
ference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then that is the first
question. I hope the Senate will concur, and
be done with this. We have had a committee
ofeonference once before. Both Houses passed
an Army bill, we had a conference on it, and
the Senate, it is true, disagreed to the report.
And yet it contained many provisions which,
though objected to by the Senator from Nevada
and by other Senators, the Senate on a yea
and nay vote had agreed to. There seems to
be a very small matter of controversy here
now. I think the better way is to concur in
the report and have done with it.
Mr. NYE. The chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs struck out these obnoxious
provisions in the bill that first passed the Sen-
ate, and now he wants to put them in again.
I know the bill passed as he took it to the
conference by a majority, and I agreed to it
myself; but he has reinstated the very prop-
osition upon which he was beaten twenty-eight
to thirteen.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is it?
Mr. NY'E. Reducing the pay of the Gen-
eral and Lieutenant General and disposing of
the disabled officers.
Mr. WARNER. I desire that this matter
should be understood by the Senate, and I ask
the Senate to give me their attention. There
is one grave question here that bas arisen since
this report was made, as to the pay of the Gen-
eral of the Army; a question which, I admit,
I am myself in doubt about. As it was under-
stood in the committee of conference, the Gen-
eral of the Army was to receive a fixed salary
of $13,500 instead of §12,000, as proposed in
tho House bill to which we disagreed. By tho
law creating the office of General he is allowed
$300 a month, or $3,000 perannum, in lieu of
certain commutations. Now, the understand-
ing of the committee was that the General was
to receive §13,500 pay proper and that $3,000
m addition. Now, aquestion has arisen under
this language whether that still remains to him,
because lines thirty-seven, thirty-eight, and
thirty-nine of the bill read:
That these sums shall bo in full of all commutation
of quarters, fuel, forage, servants' wages, clothing,
longevity rations, and ali allowances of every name
ana nature whatever, and shall be paid monthly by
tho paymaster.
Then it is provided that fuel, forage, and
quarters in kind may be furnished by officers
ot the quartermaster's department, as now
allowed by the law and regulations. It was not
the intention of the committee or of any mem-
ber of the committee, either of the Senate or
