3680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
The whole system of these gratuities to in-
formers isdemoraiizipg to any community where
it exists, and, as I said, I think it would bring
the elective franchise itself into disrepute. It
strikes me that the law will have greater dignity
and be equally efficient if this kind of remedy
be wholly stricken from it- Then it will cor-
respond exactly, I think, to the section as intro-
duced by the Senator from Indiana, who has
left that kind of penalty out ot his section, as
I heard it. . ^
Mr. STEWART. I will simply state that
depriving a person who is entitled to vote of
the privilege of exercising the elective fran-
chise is the denying to him of a private right.
Heisinjuredby beingdeprived of his vote; and
we propose to let hint sue for it, and to allow
him to recover damages for the injury done
him. We did not regard him in the light of
an ordinary informer. •
Mr. THURMAN. I want to put it to the
learned gentleman of the Judiciary Committee
whether any man who is refused his right to ,
vote has not the common-law remedy for that; :
whether it needs an act of Congress to give him
that? If he is entitled to more than $600 at
the common law, cannot the jury give it to him?
Will you undertake to restrict him to $600, or t
will you undertake to say that all men, under
all circumstances, however different they may
be, shall have precisely the same amount?
Why do you not leave it to the common law,
which gives to every man who is deprived of
his right his action, and allows the jury to ren-
der such damages as are proper in the case?
When the judges of election have acted ille-
gally, but without corrupt motive, then the jury
are instructed by the court to render nominal
damages. When the judges have acted cor-
ruptly or willfully, they may give thousands of
dollars. But you make a Procrustean bed
here, and treat the judge who has ever so hon-
estly, but mistaken the law, precisely on the
same footing as a judge who has acted cor-
ruptly and willfully, and deprived a voter of his
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The oftestioti
is on the amendment moved by the Senator
from West Virginia, [Mr. Wiixey.]
Mr. THURMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 27; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs Anthony. Cnsserly, Davis, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland. Hamlin. Harlan, Howell,
Johnston, MoCroory, Patterson. Pomeroy, Pratt,
Ross, Soott, Stockton, Xburman, Viokers, Willejr,
William!<, and Yates—21. _
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Colo, Corbett. Cragin. Flanogan, Hawil-
toB of Texas, Harris, Howard, Howe, McDonald,
Nyo.Osborn, Pool, Ramsey, Uevels, Eioe, JioberUon,
Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
and YVnrner—27. _ , _
ABSENT — Messrs. Awes, Bayard, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cattell. Conklmg, Drake,
Edmunds, Fenton. Fwry, Gilbert* Kellogj, Jjowis
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nor-
ton, Salisbury, Schurz, Sherman, Tipton, .Trumbull,
and Wilson—'M.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rqected.
Mr. CARPENTER. I offer the following
amendment, to be added as a new section :
And be it further enacted. That any person who
shall be deprived of, or fail to bo elected to any ouice
cxcept. that of member of Congress or member of a
State Legislature, by reason of a violation of any
of tbe provisions of thii act, or by reason of the ue-
gial to any citiien of the right to votoon account of
is race, color, or provious condition of scrvitudo,
shall be entitled to hold such office and perforin tbe
duties and receive the emoluments thereof, and may
recover tbe possession of suoh office by quo warranto
or other appropriate proceeding in the circuit or
district court of the United Statos for the proper
district, or in any State court having jurisdiction of
such procoediugs.
This is substantially restoring the fifth sec-
tion of the bill. I do not desire to take up
time, but to make a remark explanatory of nay
object in offering to restore this section. If we
have any authority and constitutional power to
legislate upon this subject at all we have the
power to pass such a law as will effectuate the
purpose we have in view, to secure to the col-
ored man of the Sooth the right of voting, and
the right of having the man for whom he votes
hold the office provided he has received a
majority of all the votes cast, or if he would j
have received a majority if the colored roan
had been permitted to cast his vote. The
trouble with the bill as we are about to pass it,
without this section, is that it is a mere bill fro
punish offenses against that right, but it utterlv
fails to enforce the right, as it is the duty of
Congress to do.
To illustrate the distinction. During the
time the fugitive slave law was in operation
would a southern master have been satisfied
with an act of Congress which would make it
a penal offense for any man to steal away his
slave, or to harbor him, or to refuse to return
him? No. He required that the Government
of the United States should execute the duty
which he said, and. which the Supreme Court
had decided, the Constitution cast upon the
Qovernment. He required them to send their
officers to seize this escaped slave and deliver
him back to him. It was not merely to punish
a man who had violated his right, but it was
putting the machinery of the Government into
operation to enforce it. Now, this section
does precisely the same thing with a man's
i right to vote. It does not simply stop with
! with punishing a man who denies the right, but
' it carries the right into execution ; it enforces
it; it secures the right of the man to cast his
ballot, or to have the effect of his ballot if he
is wrongfully deprived of casting it at tbe polls.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the prop-
osition of the Senator from Wisconsin is that
a man shall be installed into office by votes
that never were cast. That is it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes; that is it.
j Mr. THURMAN. That is exactly it; and
' that makes it a thing that never was heard of
before. I do not say that there may not be any
new thing under the son after that amendment.
Solomon said so a long time ago, and 1 bad
thought that he spoke the troth; bat I give it
up now. There is a new thing under the sun.
Why, what is this thing? Upon testimony that
A B, C D, and E F were deprived of their
votes unlawfully—that is the first thing to be
established—and then, in the second place, that
they would have voted for somebody who did
not receive a majority of the votes cast, that
somebody is to commence proceedings to get
possession of the office.
Now, I put it to the Senator, what man's title
to office is safe in a closely-contested election
1 if you can get somebody who swears that he
1 was improperly excluded from the right to vote,
' and then, in addition to that, can swear for
| whom he would have voted, when it is utterly
impossible to convict him of perjury? In the
very nature of things you cannot do it, for he
' swears merely to an intention. He may
| swear as falsely as ever man swore, and yet in a
| close election, if a man is elected to Congress
by one majority—and I have known mem-
i ber of Congress after member of Congress
elected by one majority; if a man is elected
Governor of a State by five or ten majority—
and I have known a Governor to bo elected
| by less than two hundred majority in my own
State—if you can get a set of men after that
, to come up and swear that they were improperly
| excluded from voting, and that they would have
j voted for the defeated candidate, then, although
it is utterly impossible in the nature of things
i to convict them of peijury, the defeated can-
! didate is to be installed into office by the order
| of a district judge of the United States.
! Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, there
! is bo right that a man can enjoy in this country,
no matter how dear or how sacred it may be,
not merely the right to property, not merely the
right to hold an office, but the right to the cus-
tody of his own child must depend upon judicial
sentence and may be affected by perjury. No
Government ever did, und no Government ever
can, guard a man against that evil and against
being injured and defrauded in his rights by
penury. The question here is bow are we to
insure to this man that he shall have his right
to express his will as to who shall fill a partic-
ular office. If he goes to the polls and deposits
a ballot you have written testimony of his inten-
tion, and that is of course the h ghe^t evidence ;
but if I go to the ballot-box with a ballot ior
John Doe to be sheriff of my county, and offer
it to be deposited in the box, and I am pre-
vented from having it deposited there by the
wrongful act of another, then I have performed
my duty; 1 have done everything I could do,
and I am entitled to the right, which the Con-
stitution and the law secures to me, to have
that ballot counted for that officer. I admit
that there may be a temptation to perjury. So
there is when my farm is in question. So there
is when the title to a horse is in question. I
admit that there is a greater danger of mistake
where the ballot has not been deposited aud
has only been offered ; but that only goes to the
question of the degree of proof. The ballot,
if it finds its way into the box, is written evi-
dence of the man's intention.
| If the ballot is offered at the box, and only
fails of finding its lodgment there by the wrong-
ful act of the officer, then you have to resort
to secondary evidence, but the best evidence
which the nature of the case admits of; and
if a jury can find and be satisfied from the tes-
timony that my ballot would have been placed
in the box for John Smith for sheriff, and was
kept out of it simply by the wrongful act of the
' inspector of the election, and that ballot would
have turned the result, then one of two things
is certain: that ballot although never deposited
in the box, must be couuled for John Smith,
or I am deprived of my share in tbe admin-
istration of the government, deprived of my
right of elective franchise, and there is no re-
dress and no remedy. All that can be said
about it goes simply to the weight, the extent,
the conclusiveness, or the satisfactory charac-
ter of the evidence; but it is in every instance
a question of intention, only in one case the
testimony is higher and more satisfactory than
it is in the other.
Now, one word and I have doBe, for I do not
propose to spend any time about this matter.
My radicalism is not of a kind that will explode
in sentiment. I shall not entertain this Senate
with bloody speeches when there is nothing to
be done. I shall never fail at any time or
under any circumstances to vote for any law
which it is within our constitutional power to
pass which will curb these cruel devils of the
South of their will and secure to the colored
man his practical and substantial right.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, we hear
of nothing but the colored man. Why, sir, this
is a law to carry out a constitutional amend-
ment that prohibits you from making any dis-
tinction on account of color; your fifteenth
amendment prohibits you from makingany dis-
crimination on account of color ; and yet we
hear nothing except about the colored man. I
do not uuderbtand this, unless my friend from
Wisconsin has got some painter's dictionary
and found in that that white is no color. I
cannot account for it. He seems to forget that
there are many white people in the country.
When he opened his argument it was by talk-
ing about the fugitive slave law and what the
slaveholders demanded, as if that had anything
to do with this matter; and after that appeal
to the feelings of the Senate, after that lunge
at the passions of the Senate, he then comes
' and says he does not undertake in his radical-
ism to say anything that is not germane to the
subject. He has acknowledged frankly, as
became his character, that this is a new thing
under the sun, this idea of counting votes that
never were cast; but he says it is simply a
degree of proof.
lie puts the case of a man coming with his
ballotand the ballot is not received. What is the
essence of election by ballot? That it shall be
secret; that the vote of the man shall not be
i known. The whole theory of the ballot is that
