1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
46 25
economies, that in the ease of any article of general
use and necessity, a reduction in the price may bo
expected to prod uce at! ea st. a corresponding increase
of consumption, and in many cases a very largely
increased expenditure, Sothattheamountexpended
by tho people at low prices will bo fully equal to tho
amount expended for the same at high prices. The
people of England expend now as much money for
postage as they did under the old system, but the
advantage is, that they get a great deal more serrieo
for their money, and it gives a spring to business,
trade, science, literature, philanthropy, social affec-
tion, and all plans of public utility."
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion to him?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainlv.
Mr. HOWE. If hp is reading testimony to
establish the proposition that reducing the rate
of postage sixty-six per cent, will.be followed
by an increase of correspondence equal there-
to, it is a proposition that he has not given his
own authority for; he has not asserted it. On
the contrary, he refused when I put the ques-
tion to him point-blank to say that the direct
consequence of his amendment, if adopted,
would not be to reduce the revenues derived
from the postal service. Now, if the Senator
is willing to stake his reputation on the propo-
sition that the revenues from the postal service
will beas great with letter postage at one cent
as they are at three cents on the letter, that
would be showing the sincerity of his convic-
tions.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator had listened
to my remarks, or if he had carefully read them,
as he did me the honor to say that he did the
other day, he would see that I have treated that
question at length.
Mr. HOWE. I saw that.
Mr. SUMNER. What I have undertaken to
say is, that the reduction of price tends to the
increase of consumption.
Mr. HOWE. That is notthe question I put.
That the reduction of price tends in that direc-
tion is true, and under certain conditions will
realize that end. The question I put to him,
and upon which I want his opinion, is this:
take this one commodity of letters which are
now carried at three cents, will the Senator say
that reducing the price to one cent will not
reduce the revenues from the postal service?
Mr. SUMNER. The next year ?
Mr. HOWE. The nextyear orthe nextten
years.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not say the next ten
years, but I think the postal service would
recover itself long before the ten years had ex-
pired. The first year itwould, of course ; and
T have so' admitted always in this debate ; but
then I associate with my proposition for the
reduced rate of postage a reduced rate of rev-
enue for letters that now go free. The Senator
shakes his head, but I want him to take that
into account.
Mr. HOWE. I do.
Mr. SUMNER. He says he does. That is
one essential element which the Postmaster
General fixes at §5,000,000 annually. Does
the Senator put it lower ? I wish the Senator
from Wisconsin who espouses the cause of high
postage—he will pardon me if I put him there,
for there he puts himself—would understand
that those who advocate the lower rate do not
suppose that at once it is to be as productive
as tha higher rate; that is, in money to the
Treasury.
Mr. HOWE. I must beg to correct the Sen-
ator in his assumption. I hope he will not
insist upon putting into the Globe the allega-
tion that I espouse the cause of high postage,
lie does not mean to be so understood.
Mr. SUMNER. I mean to be understood
simply according to the Senator's speech.
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator sets himself
up as the defender of the existing system of
the postal service, where you have three differ-
out rates instead of one uniform rate, ^ou
have one rate of three cents, another rate of
two cents, and another rate of one cent, and
I call that high postage; and the Senator
makes himself its champion on this occasion.
4l8i' Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 290.
Mr, HOWE. I do not wish to provoke the
Senator into prolonging this debate; but allow
me to remind him that I said expressly that
I should hail any effort of his or any enter-
prise that might result in giving us cheaper
postage if it did not enhance our expenses in
other directions. I should be very glad to get
cheaper postage if we are not to be taxed in
some other direction more severely to make it
up. I simply asked the Senator then, as I ask
him to-day, if he is going to insist upon less
revenue from the postal service to tell us from
what source he will get it.
Mr. SUMNER. I have told the Senator
again and again from what source I get it. I
get it, in the first place, from the increased
circulation of letters. I get it, in the second
place, by the free matter paying postage; and
in the third place, from the Treasury paying
for the outlying routes.
Mr. HOWE. How do you get it into the
Treasury ?
Mr. SUMNER. That is a matter I do not
go into now. 1 give the Senator the items.
Then I reply that over and above that I do not
accept the fundamental idea of tho Senator
that the Post Office should be self-supporting.
The Senator does not require the Navy or the
Army to be self-supporting, nor the Supreme
Court to be self-supporting. I see no reason
why one should not be self-supporting as much
as the other; why the Navy should not be driven
to do some extra work—perhaps of piracy, if
you please, or at least in the coasting trade, in
order to try and help support itself; why the
Army should not do something, perhaps as
road-makers or something else, to help support
itself. Why doyousupportthoseDepartments,
relieve them from all responsibility, and make
the Post Office support itself? I do not accept
the fundamental principle of the Senator. I
think it is unrepublican. I say that the Post
Office is a benelicent agent to be cherished,
cultivated, taken care of by the nation for the
good that it has done and that it can do. I
do not go into any nice calculations as to
whether it wiil support itself. It ought not to
support itself. A generous people ought to
support it as a great agency for the welfare of
the community, precisely as it supports com-
mon schools.
But then I meet the Senator on the threshold
of his inquiry, and I say that make the change
and very soon the letters wiil support them-
selves. All the testimony goes to show that
one cent is a fair price for the transportation
of a letter.
The question is made, however, whether a
system which is found to be successful in Eng-
land must not fail here; and we are reminded
of our great spaces. Well, sir, that was already
noticed some fifteen years ago by that brave,
earnest postal reformer, Pliny Miles, for a
long time in the Post Office of our country. I
have his book in my hand, entitled "Postal
Reform ; its Urgent Necessity and Practica-
bility," and I strike upon one sentence, as fol-
lows:
"In this we have an example in Groat Britain.
Probably on this very account some of our Solons
may contend that what is a rule in that little 'patch
on the earth's surface,'cannot at all apply to this
'great country.' This is usually the quietus to all
reference to the British post office."
Then, again, in another place, he says:
"I have ono more view to take of theBritisli post
office as a basis of argument in asking for alow rate
ot postage here. It is a very conclusive logic with
many to argue that, as Great Britain is a small and
thickly-settled country, and this a large and thinly-
inhabited one, we cannot, pt necessitate, have as low
a rate of postage as there is in England. 'Postage,
there, itis contended, being onepenny, ortwo cents,
we must necessarily have a higher rate here.' This
is arguing on tho premises that it costs a penny a
letter to carry on the British post office. It actually
costs only one half that sum, or one cent a letter,
the other being net profit to the treasury."
Then he says further on :
" Better postago in Great Britain could be put down
to a halfpenny to-day, and then have the post office
sustain itself."
I come back now to that authority which I
quoted a few jnoments ago, Mr. Leavitt, on the
question of distance as adding to the expense.
After citing the testimony of Rowland Hill,
which I have already adduced, who says, you
will remember, that in point of fact the ex-
pense of the post office is practically the same
whether a letter is going eleven miles or four
hundred miles, Mr. Leavitt says:
"The same reasoning is obviously applicable to all
the productive routes in the United States. And we
navo seen the injustice of taxing theletters onroutes
that are productive or self-supporting, to defray the
expense of the unproductive routes which the Gov-
ernment is bound to create and pay for."
Another viewof theoase shows the futility of tho
attempt to make distance tho basis of charge."
This is Mr. Leavitt's language: the futility
of the attempt to make distance the basis of
charge.''
" The actual cost of transit to each letter does not
vary with the distance, but is inversely as the num-
ber of letters, irrespective of distance. The weight
of letters hardly enters into the account as a practi-
cal consideration. Ten thousand letters, each com-
posed of an ordinary sheet of letter paper, would
weigh but one hundred and fifty-six pounds, about
the weight of a c<ynmon-sized man, who would be
carried from Boston to Albany or New York for five
dollars. The average cost of transportation of tho
mails in this country is a little over six cents per
mile, tfor convenience of calculation, take a route
often miles long, which costs ten cents per mile, and
another of one hundred miles at tho-same rate.
There are some routeswhichdo not carry more than
one letter on the average. This letter would cost
the Department one dollar for carrying it ten miles.
On theroutoof one hundred miles we will suppose
there arc ten thousand letters to be carried, which
will cost the Government for transportation jusfc ono
mill per letter. How then can we make distance tho
basis for postage?"
Mr. Leavitt then quotes the conclusion of
the parliamentary committee on this subject
as follows:
" That tho principle of a uniform postage is founded
on tho facts that the cost of distributing in theUnited
Kingdom consists chiefly in the expenses incurred
with reference to their receipt at and delivery irom
the office, and that the cost of transit along the mail
roads is comparatively unimportant, and determined
rather by the number of letters carried than the
distance; that 'as the cost of convcyance per letter
depends more on the number of letters carried than
on the distance which they arc convoyed—tho cost
being frequently greater for distances of a few miles
than for distances of hundreds of miles—the charge,
if varied in proportion to tho cost, ought to increase
in the inverse ratio of the number of letters con-
veyed;'but itwould be impossible to carry such a
rulo into practice, and therefore the committee wero
of opinion that' the nearest practicable approach to
a fair system would betochargo a uniform rate of
postage between ono post office and another, what-
ever may be their distance.' And the committee
were further of opinion, 'that such an arrangement
is highly desirable, not only on account of its abstract
fairness, but because itwould tend in a groat degree
to simplify and economizo the business of the post
office.'"
He follows this statement of the rule by this
remark:
" The adoption of this simple principle of uniform
cheap postage was a revolution in postal affairs. It
may almost bo callcd a revolution in the Govern-
ment, for it identified the policy of the Government
with the happiness of the people more perfectly than
any measure that was ever adopted."
In further illustration of the little importance
of distance in determining tho rate of postage
I read from a recent work, which is known to
the Senator from Wisconsin, entitled "Her
Majesty's Mails/' by William Lewins. In giv-
ing a summary of the arguments, both for and
against the great change proposed, he says:
"It was admitted on nil hands that tho chief labor
was expended in making up, opening, and delivering
the mails; therefore the fact whether it was carried
one mile or a hundred made comparatively little
difference in the expenditure of tho office. The ex-
penses and trouble being much the same, perhaps
even less at Edinburgh than at some intermediate
point, why should the charges be so different?"
The Senate will observe that all this is com-
pletely applicable to our country; that the chief
difficulty or trouble with regard to a letter is
in its receipt and its delivery. The transport-
ation of a letter is the smallest part of the
trouble to which the Post Office is exposed.
This writer goes on as follows:
"At first sight it looked extravagant tkat persons
at Penzance, or near the Giants' Causeway, at vy af-
ford or "Wick, should pay equal postage for their
letters. Tho intrinsic value of the conveyancc of a
letter, it must be admitted, is a very different thing
from its cost, the value being exactly equal to tho
