1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
House, to take away from the General of the
Army this $3,600. The effect of the whole bill
was understood to be to give to the General
$18,500 pay proper, $3,600 for commutation
of fuel and quarters, and that he might have
forage issued in kind, and the mileage of all
officers was raised from six to ten cents per
mile. So that the effect of it was understood
to be to make but a very trifling reduction in
the pay of the General of the Army.
My attention has been called to the words I
have read, and it doesleare a reasonable doubt
whether or not the effect of this bill, if passed,
will not, contrary to the intention of every
member of the committee, take away from the
General this $3,600. And if it be in order, so
that this doubt at least may be removed, I move
that the bill be recommitted to the committee
of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Alabama moves that the bill be recom-
mitted to the committee of conference for cor-
rection, as the Chair understands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say that if the
chairman of the committee asks to withdraw
his report I shall not object; but otherwise I
insist upon the vote on concurring.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the report under
the circumstances.
executive session.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will not the honorable
Senator from Nevada withdraw that motion
for the present?
Mr. STEWART. No.
Mr. RAMSEY. I find 
Mr. STE WART. We shall be out in a little
while.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is- no such import-
ant executive business as requires great haste.
Mr. STEWART. There is. _
Mr. RAMSEY. I am appealing to the Sen-
ator from Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the eon sideration of executive busi ness.
Mr. SPEN.CER. I move that at half past
four o'clock the Senate take a recess until half
past seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I object to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
for a recess being objected to, is out of order.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us vote on the pend-
ing motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing motion is that of the Senator from Nevada,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.'
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 17, noes 21.
Mr. STE WART called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 25, nays 22; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Borcman,
Buckingham, Oasserly, Chandler, Conkling, Crasdn,
Drake, llowe, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nyo, Osborn, Pomeroy,
lioss, Sawyer, Schurz, Stewart, (Stockton, and Trum-
bull—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Corbett, Davis, Fenton, Fow-
ler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Haxlan, Harris, MeCreery, McDonald, Pratt,
Rmispy, Rice. Robertson, Sherman, Srencer, Sum-
ner. Warner, "Williams, and Wilson—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Cattell, Edmunds, Perry, Flanaaan. Ham-
lin. Howard, Howell,Morton, Patterson, Pool, Rev-
els, Saulsbury, Scott, Sprague, Thayer, Thurman,
Tipton, Tickers, Willey, and Yates—21.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. At half past four o'clock the doors
were reopened, and the Senate took a recess
until half past seven o'clock p. m.
evening session. _
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
indian appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate the action of the
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—2so. 349.
House of Representatives upon the Indian
appropriation bill.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ik the House of Representatives,
July 14,1870.
Resolved, That the House adhere to their disagree-
ment to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
11. No. 1169) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations (so called) with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30,
1871, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What action
will the Senate take on the. subject?
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer that that should
lie over for the present until the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations comes in. I
have not had time to consult with him about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
over for the present. The Chair will also pre-
sent a bill from the House of Representatives.
The bill (H. R. No. 2413) making appro-
priations to enable the President to pay certain
annuities to and preserve the peace with the
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1871, was read twice by its title.
Mr. HARLAN. Let that lie over until the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
comcs in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
over.
TAX ON CAUSED FISH.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 290) to amend existing laws relat-
ing to internal revenue.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was to strike out the words "February 1,
1870," and insert "on and after the passage
of this act," and after the word "fish," at the
end of the bill, to insert " shell-fish, meats,
fruits, and vegetables."
Mr. CORBETT. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. NYE. What is that about?
Mr. .WILLIAMS. It is n, little bill in regard
to shell and canned fish.
The amendment was concurred in.
disabilities op w. c. whiltiiorni3.
The bill (H. R. No. 2412) to relieve the legal
and political disabilities of W. C. Whilthorne,
of Maury county, Tennessee, was read twice by
its title.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to have that
bill put on its passage at once.
By unanimous consent, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
biH.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed, two thirds of the
Senate agreeing thereto.
house bills.
The bill (II. R. No. 2101) to amend an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved June 20, 1868, was road twicc by its
title.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that that bill lie
on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill (H. R. No. 2111) supplementary to
an act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes, was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What, is that about?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It had better
lie on the table for the present.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that it lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 375) for
the relief of Robert Moir & Co. was read twice
by its title.
The Chief Clerk read the bill at length.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know nothing about
that. I think it had better lie on the table for
the present.
Mr. POMEROY. As the bill states tiiatihe
warehouse was struck by lightning, I think it
had better go to a committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator'from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] may know something about it.
I move that it lie on the table until he cdtaes in.
The motion was agreed to.
george chorpehning.
The joint resolution (H. R. No.t574) author-
izing the Postmaster General to adjust the
accounts of George Chorpenning was read
twice by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads of the Senate have con-
sidered that resolution, and desire to offer an
amendment to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Minnesota asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider the joint resolution
at this time. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none; and it is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution.
Itdirecls the Postmaster General to investigate
and adjust the claim of George Chorpenning
under the first section of the act for his relief,
approved March 3, 1857, on the basis of com-
pensation allowed by that act for the regular
serviced and the claim growing out of the cur-
tailment and amendment of his contract on
route No. 12801 on the basis of his agreement
with the Postmaster General for services to be
settled as the services named in the act of
March 3, 1857, with the right of appeal from
the finding of the Postmaster General to the
Court of Claims on the part of the claimant;
and in case of such appeal the papers presented
to the- Postmaster General in the case are to
be forwarded to the court and received fn evi-
dence therein.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose to strike out that
last clause. . The idea of directing the court to
receive in evidence papers that may be referred
to the Postmaster General is simply ridiculous.
Mr. P0MER05T. It does not make any
difference, and why amend it?
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the consideration
of the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope it will be considered
now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
asked forobjection to the presentconsideralion
of the joint resolution, and no objection was
made. It is now before the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and must be disposed of.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is necessary, I move
to proceed to its consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is before
the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Senator from Minne-
sota ought to indicate to the Clerk the amend-
ment that he desires.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is marked on the bill.
The Ceiep Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out the words, "and in case of such appeal
the papers presented to the Paymaster Gen-
eral in the case shall be forwarded to the said
court and received in evidence therein."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the joint resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and passed.
rittenhouse p. eixk.
The bill (H. R. No. 2409) for the relief of
, Rittenhouse P. Fink was read twice. It pro-
poses to instruct the Postmaster General to
pay to Rittenhouse P. Fink the sum of $300 in
full for all claims upon the United States for
services as postal agent.
Mr. DAVIS. There is a very important reso-
j lution in relation to meters for distilleries,
| which came from the House, and has been
1 laid on the table. It passed the House unani-
