4626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2Q,
time, trouble, and expenso saved to the correspond-
ents, of which perhaps the only measure appeared
to be the actual distance. Looked at more narrowly,
however, m the clear light of All*. Hill's investiga-
tions, it became obvious that it was really ' a nearer
approximation to perfect justice' to allow distant
places to feel the benefits of the measure; passing
over the little inequalities to which it might give
rise; while all might pay such a sum as would cover
the expenses in each and every case."
Then, again, this same writer says:
"If Mr. Hill demonstrated one thing more plainly
than another, it was that the absolute cost of the
transmission of each letter was so infinitesimally
small, that if charged according to that cost the
postage could not bo collected. Besides, it is not
certain that the one letter would cost the post office
iuore than the other."
But while Rowland Hill was pressing his
reform, he encountered the very objection that
is set forth on this floor by Senators, among
others by the Senator from Wisconsin, and that
was in the pages of that organ of conservatism,
the Quarterly Review, which thus joined issue
directly with the great fundamental principle
of the postal reform. I quote from the Review:
"But is there any man so insane as to say that it
is consistent with justice or eomnjon sense that the
parcel should be delivered at Edinburgh for thesame
rate as at Barnet? The proposition is really too
absurd to be reasoned upon."
I am not quoting the speech of any Senator
now, but the London Quarterly Review:
" Those who can believe in it must also believe that
n man has aright to ha.ve bis person conveyed from
placc to place, be theyPaddington or John o' Groat's
House, at the same uniform rate, as his parcels and
letters. Wo, on tho contrary, so far from discarding
all consideration of distance, assert that distanoo is
the chief ingredient—indeed we mightsay, the very
nine qua non and essence—of any and every system of
post office chargc. It is the constant, as it is called, of
every proposition on the subject. If it were not for
distance there would bo no post offices at all."
In those words tho Quarterly Review tried
to strike down that beneficent proposition.
But experience has answered the Review, and
it is now confessed by'all who have studied the
operation of the service in England that Row-
land Hill was right; and I insist that the same
rule is equally applicable in our country with
the limitations which I have already proposed.
Sir, in pressing this measure upon Congress
I am not the beginner. An excellent friend
of mine, once a Representative in the other
House, where he was too short a time for the
good of his country—Mr. Palfrey, of Massa-
chusetts—on the 21st day of February, 1849,
brought forward a proposition for a two cent
rate of postage, which he sustained in a speech
of admirable beauty and power, adopting the
very line of argument which I have tried to
impress upon the Senate. He, too, quoted
Rowland Hill's testimony, and then said:
"The average cost of the transportation of each
letter, taking all the mails of the kingdom, ho esti-
mates to be about ono ninth part of a farthing. At
this rate, the average cost of transjiortation of a
half ounce letter in this country on the productive
routes"—
Putting out of view these outlaying routes,
the expense of which I say should fall upon
the Treasury—
"is about half a mill, a rate at which it is idle to
talk of graduating charges by distances. At ten cents
a mile for tho transportation of a mail it rnity cost
tho Department a dollar to carry it single letter ten
miles, while ten thousand letters in another mail
bag, at tho same rate carried a hundred miles, each
costing for ten times the distance only one thou-
sandth part as much. The Assistant Postmarter Gen-
eial in his recent letter"—
This, it will be observed, is 1849—
"presents the following as tho argument by which
a uniform rate of postage in Engjand is sustained,
namely:"—
And here Mr. Palfrey quotes from the As-
sistant Postmaster General, as follows:
"An a-verngoratothat will defray theeost of trans-
poi tation on tho short routes will, in the aggregate,
del ray rlio whole cost of transportation; for tho whole
sci doc consists in, theii respective localities, of short
loutfcs. That circumstance causes no additional
expense; consequently there is no reason, looking
to <'05t of transportation us the only element of
postage, for making any additional oi furtheroharge
upon letters conveyed over the long distances."
This was the official statement now more
than twenty years ago adopted and brought
forward by an able Representative the in other
House. His argument did not prevail at that
time, but it has found others ready to take it
up. There are good men out of Congress who
look to the adoption of this system, and who
stand ready, if the occasion requires, to appear
before you, by petition. But 1 submit that on
a matter of this consequence there is no occa-
sion for petition. We are here to consult the
public interests. It is for us, whether there
are petitions or not, to find how the public
welfare can be most surely and extensively
advanced. For myself, I know no pending
question by which so many interests will be
promoted for good, all of them, as that which
I now try to present.
I ask pardon of the Senate for occupying
so much of their attention; but I have felt un-
willing that this debate should close without
placing on the record some of the facts on
which I have relied, so that the Senate shall
see that in this debate I am not alone ; that
there are predecessors and associates entitled
to the respect of the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts has represented those who are opposed
to one-cent postage as being in favor of high
postage. That is not just. When postage has
been already brought down to a point where it
is within the reach of everybody and consti-
tutes but a very slight burden, then to oppose
a further reduction of postage, when by the
further reduction you impose a, heavy burden
upon the Treasury of the United States, to be
supplied by taxing the whole people, is not to
be in favor of high postage.
The Senator is in favor of low postage, that
is to say, of one-cent postage, when it is obvi-
ous, and he cannot resist the conclusion, that
to put the rate down to one cent is to impose
an additional burden of ten or twelve millions
per annum upon the Treasury of the United
States. I am opposed to that. Ilis argument
is, that in due time we shall increase the
number of letters, so that one cent upon a let-
ter will amount to what three cents now does
upon a letter. But he overlooks the point,
and the fatal point to all his argument, that
postage is now down to the point where, by
further diminishing it, you can increase the
amount of letters but very little. I give it as
my opinion, and I believe a majority of the
Senate will concur with me, that if you were
now to make postage absolutely free to every-
body you would not double the number of let-
ters ; you would not increase tho number one
hundred per cent. The people would not write
letters merely because postage was free. Tliey
generally have some little object in writing;
and when they have an object in writing there
are very few who would not write when they
would have to pay three cents for the letter who
would write when they would not have to pay
anythiug for sending it. Therefore, by making
it absolutely free and taking off the one cent,
so that there would be no trouble in going and
getting a postage stamp, you would not double
the number of letters. By bringing the rate
down from three cents to one cent people would
still have to go to the trouble of getting a post-
age-stamp, and you would not increase the
number of letters, I believe, five per cent. The
point fatal to the Senator's argument from first
to last is, that we have now got down to apoint
where the reasoning of all the authorities that
the Senator has read fails. All'of those authori-
ties were written to meet a case where postage
was high, and before it was brought down to
tins point.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Indiana
says that if we put the postage down still lower
we cannot increase the number of letters by
the reduction.
Mr. MORTON. I did not make that asser-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. I took down the words.
Mr. MORTON. I did not say there would
be no increase at all; but I said the increase
would bo very small.
Mr. SUMNER. It would be very small; I
think the Senator said it mightbe five per cent.
I wish to be sure I am right; 1 think the Sen-
ator said five per cent.
Mr. MORTON. I do not think it would
amount to five per cent. ■
Mr. SUMNER. Tire Senator does noUhink
it would amount to five per cent. Now, I should
like to know how to explain the difference
between the number of letters written in Eng-
land and the United States. Our population
is upward of forty millions ; that of the United
Kingdom perhaps thirty millions; but our forty
millions write four hundred and eighty-eight
million letters, while the thirty millions of
the United. Kingdom write four hundred and
seventy-four million.
Mr. MORTON. The postage there is from
half a cent to three fourths of a cent higher
than it is here, demonstrably, and so the argu-
ment is on the other side.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think I can thoroughly
explain the, difference between the amount of
correspondence of the people of England and
of the people of this country.
Mr. SUMNER. I had not quite finished
my statement. Thirty million people in Eng-
land send seven hundred and seventy-four
million letters, while forty millions in our coun-
try send only four hundred and forty-eight
millions. In other words, the number of let-
ters in the United Kingdom is twenty-six to
every person, while in our country there are
only twelve to every person. Now, I should
like to know how to account for that differ-
ence. Is it that we are less intelligent? We
boast of common schools, and that our popu-
lation can read and write, while it is notorious
that in the United Kingdom a large propor-
tion of the population cannot read and write,
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to answer the
Senator on that point.
Mr. SUMNER. I would rather finish my
statement. Is it that our activities are less?
Is it that we are less engaged in business? Is
it that we have less occasion for the use of the
Post Office? Is it that our whole political sys-
tem does not lean more than any other on the
postalservi.ee? I think not. I think the more
wo look at the question, we shall come to the
conclusion that there is but one reason, and
that is adverse to our country. It is our high
postage.
We have a rate of three cents where they
have one penny, and in England the scale of
everything is higher than with us. The scale
of salary, from the Crown down, embracing
ministers, judges, and all public functionaries,
is higher than with us ; and when you come to
the bottom you have there penny postage, the
natural equivalent of which in our country I
insist is the cent. My friend says that the
natural equivalent in our money is three cents,
and I do not know but that he would make it
six cents. But then we come to the conclu-
sion, sustained by the figures, that in England
there is an average of twenty-six letters to the
head, while in our country there is an average
of only twelve letters ahead. I wish to change
that, and I know no way of changing it except
by cheapening the postage.
I am unwilling to have it said—I cannot
listen to the argument with patience; I say so
with entire respect; but the Senator will par-
don me; I do not listen to it with patience,
when I am told that if we have one as good as
England it is good enough. I insist that the
postal service of this Republic should be the
best in the world. I insist that in this, as in
all other things concerning the welfare of the
people, we should do all that can be done, all
that human ingenuity and talent and benevo-
lence can J«!vise. Have we done it here? Sir,
we have no... The statistics show that we are
behind England ; that this great token of civ-
ilization testifies against us. I know indeed no
better token of civilization than is found in the
lact that every person in England writes twenty-
six letters, against the other fact that persons
in our country write only twelve, letters. I
