2738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
ated by their president and secretary, and the
names of parties who attended the meeting at
which it was adopted are added. They ask
that Congress take their case into consideration
and re-lease to them the farm, excepting always
the part enclosed in the national cemetery.
As this farm is outside of the DistricLof Colum-
bia the petition can hardly go properly to the
Committee on the District. I move, therefore,
that it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POOL presented the petitions of F. L.
Ferguson, T. C. Davis, Solomon 1. Allen, R.
Gatting, David S. lipid, Joseph C. S. Keen,
ITairis Bodget, G. 11. Faribanlt, James Wright,
S. C. W. Tate. I. I. Yates, Jordan Tyson, jr.,
N. P. Ilal!, Wilson Webb, James II. Merriman.
and John JIcC. Guy, of North Carolina, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
Graham Hughes, of Kentucky, praying the
removal of his political disabilities ; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
George W. Noble, of Montgomery, Alabama,
praying the rem oval of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. STOCKTON presented a petition of
citizens of Trenton, New Jersey, praying an
appropriation for the erection of a building in
that city for the accommodation of the United
States courts,post office.pension agency,United
States assessor. &c.; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. HARLAN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of such action as
will set aside the verdict of the military court
in the case of William B. Critohfield and Henry
0. Anderson, late soldiers of the thirteenth
Iowa infantry, upon a charge of absence with-
out leave, and that they be allowed their pay
and allowances forfeited by reason of such de-
cision ; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of
the Philadelphia Board of Trade, remonstrat-
ing against the incorporation of a company to
absorb the present telegraph companies, and
against the purchase by the Government, of the
numeroustelegraph lines ofthecountry ; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Iloads.
Mr. BOKEMAN presented the petitions of
Henry Thompson and of James II. Ballord, of
Albemarle county, Virginia, praying the removal
of their political disabilities; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CASSEliLY presented the petitions of
Alfred Carpenter, William Thompson, Samuel
A. Ferguson, Joseph W. Twyman, and John
S. Richards, of Albemarle, county, Virginia;
of James Wiils, of Virginia: of A. J. Hays-
lett, Rockbridge, Virginia; of James R. King
and James Dillard, Nansemond county, Vir-
ginia, and of T. J. Cliambliss, of Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
TiKPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT, from tlio Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
(ill) granting a pension to J. G. F. Holstein,
late brigade surgeon United States volunteers,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed, and the bill was indefi-
nitely postponed.
Mr. PRATT. I am directed by the same
committee, to whom was referred the petition
of Sarah Gaswcll, widow of Wyiey Gsswell,
late private of the first Tennessee cavalry,
praying for a pension, to make au adverse
report, which is in writing; and they recom-
mend that the petitioner be allowed to with-
draw her memorial, but not the other papers
that are on file, with a view hereafter of allow-
ing her to strengthen her claim, if she can do
so, by additional testimony.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be ordered to be printed, and the petitioner
will have leave to withdraw her memorial with-
out the accompanying papers.
Mr. McCREERY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the petitions
of Elizabeth Haines and Samuel Hadley, pray-
ing to be allowed pensions, reported adversely
thereon, and asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of Wiscon-
sin, praying that a pension be granted to Eliza-
beth F. Beal, asked to he discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Miner Vanloon, praying for compen-
sation for property destroyed by the Indians
in 1862, submitted an adverse report thereon,
and asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Henry Blackwell,
praying compensation for property destroyed
by the Indians in 18G2, submitted an adverse
report thereon, and asked to bo discharged
from its further consideration ; which was
agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I am also directed by the
same committee to report back the memorial
of the Universal Peace Union, praying for the
adoption of a humane policy toward tlio In-
dians. As the Committee on Indian Affairs
have reported a bill on this subject, and the
Senate have also adopted a resolution provid-
ing for a joint committee to consider the sub-
ject of Indian policy, they ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of this memo-
rial.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 275) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
Columbia river to Great Salt Lake, reported
it with amendments,
Mr. DRAKE, from the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1594) to amend an act entitled
"An act to incorporate the Freedmen's Sav-
ings and Trust Company," approved March3,
I860, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia; which
was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 19G) for the relief of J.
Edwards Clarke, and the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of John T. Peabody, deceased,
reported it with an amendment, and submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 554) to regulate
credits to prisoners for good behavior, reported
it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 578) to amend
the laws regulating trade and intercourse with
the Indian tribes, reported adversely thereon,
and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 785) to incorporate an associa-
tion for the prevention of cruelty to animals
in the District of Columbia, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. REVELS, from the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, to whom was referred the
bill (H. li. No. IG02) donating the marine hos-
pital at Natchez, Mississippi, to the State of
Mississippi for educational purposes, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 742) to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to change the boundaries of land dis-
tricts, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 477) to amend an
act entitled " An act for a grant of lands to the
State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of a railroad in said State,"
approved May 12, 1864, and to grant lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad from
O'Brien county, Iowa, to the Missouri river,
repotted it with amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 136) declaring the rati-
fication of the fifteenth amendment to the
Constitution of ihe United States, and the
resolutions of various States certifying their
ratification of the fifteenth amendment, asked
to be discharged from their further consider-
ation.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to have the
report in regard to the resolution concerning
the fifteenth amendment go on the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
011 the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 590) to prevent prize-fighting, moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 523) to extend
the jurisdiction of the United States district
court for the southern district of Florida,
moved its indefinite postponement, the Senate
having already passed a bill consolidating the
two judicial districts of Florida.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the same commit-
tee, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
501) more effectually to provide for the execu-
tion of treaties for the protection of the owners
of trade-marks, moved its indefinite postpone-
ment, there being a bill on the Calendar
reported from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions upon the same subject.
The bill was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the same commit-
tee, to whom were referred several memorials
praying that a regular session of the district
court of the United States for the district of
Virginia be fixed at Christiansburg, asked to
be discharged from their further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of members of the
bar of the State of Michigan praying an in-
crease of salaries of the judges of the United
States courts, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, the committee having
reported upon the subject; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 521) to increase the number of judges of
the^ Supreme Court and circuit courts of the
United States and to establish the boundaries
of the judicial circuits, Jiave directed me to
report it back, and recommend its indefinite
postponement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be indeficitely postponed.
Air. SUMNER. I think that had better go
on the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well. Let it go
on the Calendar.
Mr. SUMNER. I believethatisabiliwhich
was introduced by my colleague.
, Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. We have
: reported^ 011 the subject of the circuits, but
1 this bill increases the number of judges.
1 Mr. SUMNER. As my colleague is abesnt,
I let the bill go on the Calendar,
t Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
