1794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
of interest, you never will hare a steady condi-
tion of the money market.
The Senator from New York has suggested
that $25,000,000 sent out of the country semi-
annually to meet these coupons would be very
inimical to the interests of this country. There
is not a word in the English language severe
enough to characterize, in my judgment, the
ruin that would be engendered by that condi-
tion of things. I do not believe the Senator
from Indiana considers it of advantage to this
country that foreigners should acquire and
own these bonds. I do not believe that he
really means that the interest which we pay is
better paid to develop the industries of foreign
conntries than it would be if it could be re-
tained to develop the industries of our own
people. He does not mean to say that every
bond located in the United States is not that
much capital for our business interests, and
iu fact operates to make money plentiful to
the extent and amount of that bond, and every
dollar's worth of interest that is paid and
located in the United States is that much
additional capital.
Now, iu the starving business interests of
this country for capital I do not believe it is
his intention to drive it away; nor do I believe
that lie or anybody else can fail to see that
every bond we can locate in this country will
give us as much strength as that bond amounts
to. Everybody knows that the greatest man
in English history in the olden time, before
money matters were so well understood as at
the present time, the man who was held in
the seventeenth century of the greatest repute,
mastered the point of making the bonds of that
Government payable in England, and he not
only did that, but he secured their recall from
France to England. The effort of every Gov-
ernment has been always to hold on to its
bonds and never to invite their going abroad.
The question would simply arise, how much
is the Government to save by making these
bonds payable abroad? That question has not
been really satisfactorily answered. If a pur-
chaser in a foreign country can acquire more
interest than he can at home by buying our
bonds he will buy them. If he cau make more
interest by buying a domestic bond he will buy
that. But here is a loss of insurance; here is
a loss of time, to say nothing of the difficulties
of making payments abroad. It would seem
to me to be one of the most dangerous condi-
tions in which the money affairs of the country
could be placed to attach a. provision of this
kind to our financial policy.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I think the
Senator from Ohio has very rarely urged any
proposition here upon financial matters which
lias not secured my assent. There is, however,
some limitation to his influence over my judg-
ment, and some limit, I take it, to the influ-
en.ce of the Finance Committee. I do not con-
cede the power of the chairman of the Finance
Committee to repeal a statute by a speech.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not claim that.
Mr. HOWE. Well, wo are agreed on one
point; we are coming together -tyjain. Now,
1 wish to remind the Senator from Ohio that I
have not pleaded the act of 1865 nor the act
of 1866 in bar of the pending bill, but I have
said on the contrary, from the beginning, that
in spite of the act of 1865 and of 1866 I was
yet willing to vote for the bill of 1870 with one
modification, but would be glad to have more
than one modification. But the point I made
was this, that I thought considering that there
was such ample authority on the statutes to-day
for the Secretary of the Treasury to refund the
already funded loan, and that there was no
authority to fund the floating debt, so to speak,
or the Treasury notes, an undue prominence
was given in the pending bill to refunding and
too little paid to the work of funding the Treas-
ury notes, and as the Secretary of the Treasury
had all the authority that I thought the Legis-
lature could by possibility confer upon him to
refund, I recited the act of 1866 and referred to
the act of 1865, and I thought the Senator from
Ohio agreed with me in the construction I put
upon those two acts, and at the time the only
reply I understood him to make was that the
act of 1866 was the most atrocious act he ever
heard of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also stated, as the Sen-
ator will see if he will look at his speech printed
in the Globe to day, that the act had ceased to
have any practical operation because it had
expended itself. I made the remark at the
time, and I urged it,
Mr. HOWE. What is in my speech, either
as coming from the mouth of the Senator from
Ohio or myself, I do not know; but I did not
understand that point to be made by the Sen-
ator from Ohio; on the contrary, I was a little
surprised to hear him now, forty-eight hours
after that debate took place, rise here and,
without quoting either of those statutes, say
that that authority was exhausted, and that
the act of 1866 was functus officio and no
longer gave the Secretary of the Treasury any
authority whatever.
Now, the Senator from Ohio will not dispute
this proposition: the act of 1865 authorize*! the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue $600,000,000
in bonds or in Treasury notes, and it provided
that so much of that sum as should be issued
in bonds might be made payable at a certain
I time:
| "And so much thereof as may be issued in bonds
■ sliall be of denominations not less than fifty dollars,
and may be made payable at any period not more
than forty years from date of issue, or may be made
redeemable at the pleasure of the Government at or
j j after any period not less than five years nor more
j; than forty years from date,or maybe made redeem-
[ i able and payable as aforesaid, as may be expressed
i upon their face; and so much thereof as may be issued
in. Treasury notes may be made convertible into any
11 bonds authorized by this act, and may bo of such
■ denominations, not less than fifty dollars, and bear
such dates and be made redeemable or payable at
; such periods as in the opinion of the Secretary of the
Treasury may be deemed expedient; and the interest
on such bonds shall be payable semi-annually; and
on Treasury notes authorized by this act the interest
may be made payable semi-annually, or annually,
or at maturity thereof; and the principal, orinterest,
or both, may be made payable in coin or in other
lawful money; Provided, That the rate of interest on
any such bonds or Treasury notes, when payable in
coin, shall not exceed six per cent, per annum; and
when not payable in coin shall not exceed seven and
three tenths per cent, per annum."
That is enough of the act of 1865. I Lave
not read what might be done with these bonds
or these Treasury notes; but the act of 1866
came in and declared—
"That the act entitled 'An act to provide ways
and means to support the Government'"—
From which I have just read—-
" approved March 3, 1865, shall be extended and
construed to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
at bis discretion, to receive any Treasury notes or
other obligations issued under any act of Congress,
i whether bearing interest or not, in exchange for any
description of bonds authorized by the act to which
this is an amendment; and also
It shall also be construed—
"to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to dis-
pose of any description of bonds authorized by said
act"—
I have read what that description was—
"either in the United States or elsewhere, to such
an amount, in sueh manner, and at such rate* as he
may think advisable, for lawful money of the United
States"—
Or what not; and when he has sold these
bonds to any amount here and elsewhere, what
is he to do with the proceeds ?—
" the proceeds thereof to be used only for retiring
Treasury notes or other obligations issued under any
act of Congress."
Now, the several descriptions of indebted-
ness which you propose by this bill to refund
are obligations " issued under an act of Con-
gress." I suppose all but a small fraction of
them-are payable to-day by the Secretary of
the Treasury if he can command the means to
pay them and to retire them, and I suppose that
this act authorised him to issue any descrip-
tion of bonds, such as are recited in the act of
1865, "here or elsewhere," at such rates as
he sees fit; and when he has done that he haa
the means in his hands with which to pay and
take up the very obligations referred to in that
act.
The first part of the act authorized him also
to receive in exchange upon the tender of the
holders any description of outstanding obliga-
tions, whether they be due or not. As I was
about to say, the limit to all this is that the
aggregate indebtedness shall not be increased.
As the honorable Senator from New York sug-
gests to me—a very pertinent inquiry—if the
force of this act is exhausted, by what act or
the terms of what act is it exhausted? And I
put this other question, what has the Secretary
done under this act which has expended its
force? What negotiations has he made which
have exhausted this and rendered it a dead
letter?
I say this rather in vindication of the opin-
ion that I submitted the other day, not because
I think it very important to this debate. The
amendment now moved by the Senator from
Ohio, which is the pending question, it seems
to me is unobjectionable. I do not see why
we should not all agree to that amendment.
I hope, then, the Senator will agree to some
other amendments of that section, and it will
be time enough to determine whether we will
agree to the section itself after we see the form
of the section upon which we are called to vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds.) The question is on agreeing to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Ohio to section five.
The question being put, a division was called
for.
Mr. CAMERON. As I understand this
amendment, it is merely making the whole
sum payable in Europe. I do not think the
Senate is ready for that.
Mr. HOWE. Only $400,000,000.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 17, noes 16 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a quorum present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there any objection to
the amendment? The question will come up
afterward on striking out the whole section.
There can be no objection to perfecting it, I
think.
Mr. CAMERON. There is objection to
putting it in, because that is an indication that
the Senate so desire it. There is no use in
putting in that which we want to strike out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the yeas and nays,
to show whether there is a quorum present.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
withdraw that while I put a question to the
Chair, to solve a doubt that there is here. I
ask the Chair if I am wrong in supposing that
should thevote betaken on the motion to strike
out the section as it now stands, and that mo-
tion should fail, so that the section should be
left standing, it would still be subject to amend-
ment; the amendment, for example, which the
Senator from Ohio has proposed?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opin-
ion of the Chair, a vote refusing to strike ont
the section simply would prevent a motion to
strike out any part of it and insert something
else, but it would not prevent a motion to
strike out the whole section and insert a dif-
ferent proposition.
Mr. CONKLING. So that, in practical
result, if the motion to strike out should be
lost, the Senator could still substitute a section
such as he wants this to be.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the place
of the whole section.
Mr. CONKLING. So I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that he will lose nothing bf
having the vote first on striking out.
Mr. SHERMAN. The parliamentary mode
is first to amend the part proposed to be stricken
out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is par-
