5570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
mously, and I desire that it should be taken
lip and passed here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will
be reached presently. Is there any objection
to the present consideration of the bill just
read ? '
Mr. CRAGIN. Very many House bills have
been considered by committees and reported,
and I think it is more proper to pass all such
bills than to be taking up those which have
just come over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
House bill No. 2409 ? The Chair hears none,
and the bill is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
inventories of public property.
The bill (IT. II. No. 1898) to provide for
inventories and accounts of the property of
the United States in the public buildings and
grounds belonging to the United States in the
District of Columbia was read the first time
by its title.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope that bill will be
passed. It would properly go to the Committee
on Retrenchment. I have examined "it, and
ask for its passage.
'There being no objection, the bill was read
llie second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that it shall
be the duty of the heads of the Executive De-
partments, the AdjutantGeneral, and the Com-
missioner of Agriculture each to make a full
and complete inventory of all property belong-
ing to the United States in buildings, &c.,
occupied by each and under his charge, and to
cause hereafter to be kept in a proper book
such inventories and accounts, adding property
procured subsequently and the sale or disposal
of any such property; and the architect of the
Capitol extension to make a like inventory;
and these officers are to report to Congress in
December next.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
senate and house expenditures.
The bill (H. R. No. 1300) to provide for the
reports of receipts and expenditures of the
Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the House
of Representatives of the United States, and
for other purposes, was read twice by unani-
mous consent, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. The bill provides that it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Senate and
the Clerk of the House,.severally, to report to
Congress on the first day of each regular ses-
sion, and at the expiration of their terms of
service, a full and complete statement of all
their receipts and expenditures, giving in detail
the items of expense, and classifying them under
the proper appropriations, showing the aggre-
gate, and exhibiting in a clear and concise man-
ner the condition of all public moneys by them
received, paid out, &c.; and also the date
thereof. It is also made the duty of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms and the Postmaster of the Sen-
ate, and the Scrgeant-at-Arms and the Door-
keeper of the House of Representatives, to
make out a complete account of the property
of the United States in their possession.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
school lot in mackinac.
The bill (H. R. No. 1224) donating for school
purposes a certain lot of land with the build-
ing thereon erected, known as the old Indian
Dormitory, in the village of Mackinac, Mich-
igan, was read twice and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
'The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
s aiiaii l. goodrich.
The bill (H. R. No. 2401) .for the relief of
Sarah L. Goodrich was read twice, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that Sarah L. Goodrich, widow of San-
ford B. Goodrich, deceased, late band-master
third regiment Michigan cavalry, shall be
allowed and paid the same bounty and addi-
tional bounty to which she would have been
entitled as such widow had he been an enlisted
man in the Army of the United States at the
time of his death. .
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
property at galveston.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 376) author-
izing the donation of certain property of the
United States in the city of Galveston, State
of Texas, to said city, was read twice by its
title.
Mr. HARLAN. I think these bills had bet-
ter be referred, unless there is some special
case calling for action.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
cannon for monuments.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 378) granting
condemned cannon to the Delaware Soldiers'
and Sailors' Monument Association was read
twice, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It grants ten pieces of condemned
brass cannon to the Soldiers' and Sailors'
Monument Association of Wilmington, Dela-
ware.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 380) author-
izing the Secretary of War to furnish cannon
to soldiers' plat in Riverview cemetery, Tren-
ton, New Jersey, was read twice, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It author-
izes the Secretary of War to furnish six pieces
of condemned cannor. for the ornamentation
of the soldiers' plat in Riverview cemetery, at
Trenton, New Jersey.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
The joint, resolution (II. R. No. 381) giving
condemned cannon to decorate the soldiers'
burial plat at White Plains, New York, was
read twice, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It donates four condemned cannon
and twenty-eight balls to White Plains Benev-
olent Association to decorate the soldiers'
plat at that place.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
message rnoai tiik house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Cuxton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had concurred in
the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (II. R. No. 2015) to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the amendment of the
Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 358)
to construe the act of March 31, 18G8.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 34)
authorizing the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to appoint guardians or trustees for minor
Indian children who may be entitled to pen-
sions or bounties under existing laws, with an
amendment, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tions, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Sennte:
A bill (tl. R. No. 2-114) ceding jurisdiction
to the State of Ohio ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 377) granting
condemned ordnance to the Seventh Regiment
Monument Association of Ohio ; and
A joint resolution (IT. R. No. 383-) author-
izing the extension of the supervision of the
Capitol police over the Botanic Garden.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate :
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 231) granting
the Evatisville and Southern Railroad Com-
pany the right to build a bridge across the Big
Wabash river;
A bill (H. R. No. 2374) to authorize the
importation of a common road steam-locomo-
tive free of duty;
A bill (EI. R. No. 1052) to increase the pen-
sion of Mrs. Annie A. Hays, widow of Brigadier
General Alexander Hays, who was killed in
the battle of the Wilderness, May 5, 1884;
A bill (H. R. No. 21G0) to create a port of
delivery at Houston, Texas ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1980) to extend the pro-
visions of the preemption laws to the Territory
of Colorado, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2240) for the relief of
William Selden ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1899) for the relief of
Captain David Beatty's company of independ-
ent scouts.
capitol police.
The joint resolution (IT. R. No. 388) author-
izing the extension of the supervision of the
Capitol police over the Botanic Garden was
read three times, and passed.
soldiers' monument in onto.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 377) grant-
ing condemned cannon to the Seventh Regiment
Monument Association of Ohio was read twice,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for granting eight pieces of con-
demned cannon to be used in ornamenting the
grounds of a soldiers' monument at Cleveland,
Ohio.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out "eight"
and insert "four."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, I move to
insert the word "iron" before "cannon."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the joint resolution to be read a
third time. The joint resolution was read the
third lime, and passed.
jurisdiction over oliio volunteer asylum.
The bill (H. R. No. 2414) ceding certain
jurisdiction to the State of Ohio was read
twice. It declares that the jurisdiction over
the place purchased for the location of the
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
diers by virtue of the act of March 8, 18o5,
and the act of March 21, 18G6, amendatory
thereof, upon which the asylum was situated,
shall be, and is hereby, ceded to the State of
Ohio and relinquished by the United States;
but nothing contained in the act is to be con-
strued to impair the rights and powers hereto-
fore conferred on the board of managers of
the National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer
Soldiers, incorporated under the acts named,
in and over that territory.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say a word on
that.
Mr. IIARLAN. Had it not better be referred
if it is to be debated?
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection to its
reference.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand its reference
is agreeable to the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir; I should have
made the same motion.
