1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4S3
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, who moved that
when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
On the motion there were—ayes eighty-four,
noes not counted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for the yeas and
nays. I object to any further wasting of time
by these adjournments.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
was agreed to.
Mr. ASPER. Mr. Speaker, after the elec-
tion in the State of Virginia, in July last, I had
made up my mind to vote for the unconditional
admission of Virginia to her old relations in the
Union. But since that time I have learned of
circumstances which have transpired and are
transpiring within that State which induce
me to believe that the interests and the liber-
ties of the people of that State will not be safe
if that admission takes place without condi-
tions. I am therefore prepared to vote first for
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Davis,] and if that should fail,
then for the bill as reported from the commit-
tee ; but if those fundamental propositions are
voted down and the substitute is adopted, I
shall vote against the admission of Virginia
under the bill as thus amended.
Now, sir, in the history of the legislation of
Congress upon the admission of States to this
Union, we have ample precedent for impos-
ing upon this State, in the circumstances under
which she comes here, conditions such as are
proposed in the amendment and in the bill.
"Why, sir, in 1820, my own State of Missouri, then
aTesvitory, asked for admission to this Union as
a State. Congress passed an enabling act
attaching to that Territory certain conditions.
The convention which assembled under that
act adopted a constitution which was submit-
ted to Congress; and that body'iu March,
1821, passed a joint resolution, embracing cer-
tain fundamental conditions to be accepted by
the Legislature of that State by solemn public
act. The State Legislature under that reso-
lution assembled, and did by public act accept
the fundamental propositions which were
offered; and afterward Mr. Monroe,then Presi-
dent of the United States, declared by procla-
mation that Missouri was a member of the
Union and entitled to equal rights and privi-
leges as such under the Constitution.
Now, sir, what difference is there between
the two cases? Why shall we not attach these
conditions to Virginia as well as to Missouri.
And not only that, sir, but from then to the
present time, in the admission of new States,
and especially in the admission of the rebel
States, as was shown by the law read from the
Clerk's desk, conditions have been imposed, and
especially upon North Carolina, South Carolina,
and Georgia, all of them original States which
assisted in the formation of this Union. Why
should Virginiabe exempted from similar con-
ditions? Is there anything in the past which
should induce us t.o exempt her?
Gentlemen say that she comes here having
been one of the original States. Is she a
State now ? I do not propose to stand here for
the purpose of arguing the legal proposition
whether she is or is not a State in this Union.
I am here as a legislator to meet the fact which
stands out in bold relief before the House, and
that is that Virginia is not in the Union, that
she has not such relations as entitle her to the
privileges of a State under the Constitution.
The rebellion broke out and war eusued. The
State of Virginia withdrew voluntarily from her
connection with this Government. Our armies
in the field, as some of us know who stood
there and confronted the rebel bayonets, were
opposed in battle array by rebel armies com-
posed largely of citizens of Virginia. They
opposed the soldiers of the Union and we met
them face to face. At length our armies cap-
tured the rebel State government of Virginia,
and she had no State government. Her ter-
ritory was there, her people were there, and
our Government was bound to protect that peo-
ple—not only a portion of that people, but all
of her people, both white and black. For that
purpose the reconstruction acts were passed ;
for that purpose we passed the act of the 10th
of April last.
Now, gentlemen say that we are precluded
by that act from attaching conditions to the act
admitting Virginia. I refer the gentleman to
the last section of the reconstruction act of
April last. It says that it is not to be consid-
ered a final adjustment, that Virginia shall not
be admitted to her old relations unless by the
consent of Congress. She is now here with
her constitution adopted by her people, with
her members of this House elected and present,
asking Congress for that consent, and it is
competent for us to attach these fundamental
conditions before she is admitted, for the pro-
tection of all her people, and especially of that
sacred charge which Mr. Lincoln committed
to the care of Congress and the country, and
for which these laws have been p'assed.
The conditions of admission proposed by the
bill- are reasonable and just, right and proper,
and should be adopted. They are fundamental
in character; they require only that the State
government shall be under the control of such
men, no matter what their position may have
been in the rebellion, as can qualify under the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution, or
are relieved by Congress from its provisions
of exclusion ; that no change of the Constitu-
tion shall be made that will deprive any citizen
or class of citizens of the United States of the
right to vote or hold office in said State who
are entitled to vote or hold office by said Con-
stitution, except as a punishment of such
crimes as are felonies at common law, after due
conviction under laws applicable to all citizens
alike ; or to prevent any person on account of
race or color or previous condition of servi-
tude from serving as a juror, or from partici-
pating equally in the school fund or school
privileges provided for and in said constitu-
tion, but that any alteration of said constitu-
tion may be made in regard to the time and
place of residence, if applicableto voters alike;
and that all officers now or who may be exer-
cising the functions of any office when the said
constitution goes into effect under the appoint-
ment of the district commander, shall continue
to exercise the duties of their offices until
others shall be duly elected or appointed and
qualified under said constitution. Such are
the conditions, and it seems to me that they
are in harmony with the spirit, letter, and intent
of our reconstruction measures.
These provisions attach no new obligations,
no new conditions. They are not intended to
humiliate nor to degrade. They do not attach
any obligation which a citizen of Virginia, if
he intends in good faith to carry out the policy
of Congress toward the rebel States since the
close of the war, cannot take and perform; but
they only give assurance to the country that
the reconstruction measures of Congress—the
conditions heretofore exacted under which
rebels may come back to their allegiance, and
States like Virginia, which have separated from
their relations with the General Government,
may again resume their old places in the Union—
shall and will be enforced. Adopt the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Davis,] or pass the bill as it comes from the
committee, and if the State accepts the condi-
tions, and an acceptance of seats on this floor
by the gentlemen claiming seats here as Rep-
resentatives in Congress, would be such an
acceptance of the conditions that Virginia would
be bound thereby. These conditions would then
become a compact between the national Gov-
ernment on one side and the State of Vir-
ginia on the other, which could only be annulled
by the two high contracting parties, not by the
action of either alone. This security the coun-
try has a right to ask; this solemn actthesacri-
fices of the past and the hopes of the future
demand. Our heroic dead cannot be brought
to life; the blood of the mighty hosts slain in
battle and who died in the camps and rebel
prisons of the country cannot be avenged; but
if we cannot have indemnity for the past we
certainly should have security for the fnture.
Is this unreasonable or unjust? Does it bring
in chains before us an old and formerly an
honored State, as gentlemen would have us
believe ?
The result of the war has brought new and
important obligations and new duties. It has
liberated a large population, probably four
millions, formerly in debased bondage to the
men who inspired, begat, and carried forward
the rebellion; men who were captured with
arms in their hands or actively supporting the
rebellion. It was to perpetuate this slavery,
extend it over the country, cause it to be the
ruling, dominant element in the nation, that
the revolution was begun and sustained by
them. But the spirit of the early fathers,
from whom the American idea of liberty and
equal rights sprung, revolted at this, and the
aggressive spirit of slavery was resisted. The
history of the conflict has been written in
blood ; the issue has been joined and the con-
test ended in favor of liberty and right. The
idea which declares that all men are created
free and equal, and of right are entitled to the
enjoyment of life, liberty, and to pursue their
own substantial happiness, is the one that has
prevailed. These people in the South lib-
erated under such an inspiration must not he
forgotten or permitted to lapse into a condi-
tion of dependence worse than bondage. In
order to enable them to protect themselves
Congress decided to give these men the ballot
equally with the white men in the late revolted
States ; and to secure the enforcement of the
ballot to them those only who had formerly
taken an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States in assuming some office under
the General or a State government were to be
excluded. The reconstruction laws only pro-
pose to protect the rights of these people in
common with all other citizens. It was in-
tended to give them the ballot, the right to an
education, the right to go and come, to labor
and enjoy the fruits of their labor, to sit on
juries, to participate in the Government; in
short, to declare them men and women, and
to support, defend, and secure them in the
same condition as all other citizens enjoyed,
equal before the law as to rights, equal as to the
same punishments, the same benefits, and the
same privileges. Nothing less than this could
protect them ; for they were loyal people in
States where the old ruling and dominant ele-
ment were nearly all traitors, and where preju-
dice and hate, where bitterness and disappoint-
ment could not fail to work out a terrible and
bloody, and perhaps an exterminating effect.
The old dominant party, the old ruling ele-
ment has triumphed in the Virginia election,
her Legislature being composed largely of
men disqualified under the fourteenth amend-
ment.
Notwithstanding this condition of affairs we
are asked to admit the State to her relations
without purging her Legislature from disquali-
fied members. What safety will there be to
the masses of poor white and black citizens of
the State with such law-makers? Will they
give assurance that the provisions of the State
constitution shall be carried out, that labor
will be protected and encouraged, that the
right to the ballot will be secured inviolate and
in the free and unrestrained exercise of it?
What assurance is there that thefreedman may
testify in her courts to assert his rights, or that
if he testific-s lie will be heard, or that his
children will have schools provided for their
free education, or that they shall not be placed
back into a condition worse than bondage?
What assurance will there be unless we pass a
bill similar to the one reported from the com-
mittee? The proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] will not do it; but
will, if carried, be a retrograde movement, a
