1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report.
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Joseph McGuckian, praying to be allowed a
pension, reported adversely thereon, and asked
to be discharged from its farther consideration ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Samuel Crapin,
a soldier of the war of 1812, praying for the
allowance of pension for the intermediate
period from the date of his being disabled to
the date of the subsequent allowance of pen-
sion to him in the year 1838, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Lucretia Wright,
widow of David It. Wright, praying to be al-
lowed a pension, reported adversely thereon,
and asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Norman Kaufman, of company H, seventh
New York volunteers, praying for arrears of
pension, reported adversely thereon, and asked
to be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. McCREERY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Joseph Shelton, reported a bill (8. No. 798)
granting a pension to Joseph Shelton; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Anna M. Howard,
reported a bill (S. No. 799) for the relief of
AnnaM. Howard; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. CRAG1N. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
788) for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers, seamen, and marines of the
United States vessel of war Oneida, and for
other purposes, have had the same under con-
sideration, and have instructed me to report it
back without amendment, and I ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate that the bill may
be considered at this time. It will take but a
moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope it, may go over,
because we propose in a day or two to take up
all the bills to which there may be no objection,
and dispose of them. I have a resolution for
that purpose, which I have been trying to get
a chance to offer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will be placed upon the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S, No. G89)"granting appeals and authorizing
the issuance ot writs ot error to the supreme
court of the District of Columbia in certain
cases therein mentioned, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (II. R. No.
974) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30,1871; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tl011S' CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. HAMLIN. Two or three days since a
bill came to the Senate from the House remit-
ting duties in a certain case. I made a motion
at the time to refer it to the Committee on
Finance, where kindred bills, I believe, have
always gone; bat by mistake it was referred
to the Committee on Claims. I move that the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (IT. R. No. 891) forthe relief of Charles
E. Dole, be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance. That is the direction which
bills of that kind have always received.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 800) to prohibit all but certain officers
boardiDg or leaving vessels before entry at the
custom-house; which was read twice' by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON (by request, as-lie stated)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 801) for the
relief of certain surviving widows of the rev-
olutionary war; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 802) appropriating lands to aid in the
preservation and improvement of the naviga-
tion of the upper Mississippi river; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
80S) confirming the title of Louis Grignon to
a certain tract of land at Green Bay, Wiscon-
sin; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 804) in aid of the New Orleans, Baton
Rouge, and Vicksburg railroad; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous con
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No
805) for the relief of the children of 0. H. Ber-
ryman, deceased, and others; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 806)
for the relief of the children of Otway H. Ber-
ryman; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 807) granting lands in aid of the Suwanne
and Inland Railroad Company, in the State of
Florida; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
PROPOSED CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 176) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. DRAKE. As the joint resolution is
very brief, I ask that it be read at length.
The Secretary read as follows :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the
following article bo proposed to the Legislatures of
the several States as an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of tho United States, which, when ratified by
three fourths of said Legislatures, shall bo valid as
part of the Constitution, namely:
Article XVI.
Section 1. The United States shall protect each
State against domestic violence whenever it shall be
shown to the President, in such manner as the Con-
gress may by law prescribe, that such violence exists
in such State.
Sec. 2. That the Congress shall have power to
enforce this article by appropriate legislation.
Mr. DRAKE. I desire to say in connection
with this resolution that the experiences of the
last five years have abundantly demonstrated
that domestic violence exists in the States, in
regard to which the Government cannot em-
ploy its force unless upon the application of
tho Legislature or the Governor of tho State.
The time will come, probably, when the Gov-
ernor and Legislature of One of those States
will bo found in collusion with the parlies en-
gaged in this violence ; and I think the time
has come when the Congress and the people
should consider whether it is not important
that the power of the United States should be
brought into requisition otherwise than through
the request of a Legislature or a Governor. I
move that _ this joint resolution be referred to
the Committee on Military Affaits.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that I
rise to make any objection to that reference,
although it is rather an extraordinary one for
a question of this kind; but I wish to suggest
to my friend from. Missouri that as the Constitu-
tion now stands the United States may inter-
fere to prevent any violence in the States that
is opposed to the execution of the laws of the
United States. But the "domestic violence"
that the Constitution-makers intended to pro-
vide national power against was domestic vio-
lence against State laws; and hence it was
thought that where opposition to State laws
existed either the administrative executive de-
partment of the State government having the
charge of the execution of the State laws ought
to apply, or the legislative power of the State.
Of course, without going into any debate on
this subject, it must be obvious to every gen-
tleman on reflection, I think, that it is open to
very grave question whether free States would
be secure under a system of government which
should authorize the supreme power at its own
will to fill up a State with a body of troops in
order to suppress what it might choose to con-
sider domestic violence, when that domestic
violence might, in point of fact, be'violence
in favor of upholding the existing laws of the
State. I merely suggest that this is an amend-
ment which it is not so very clear ought to be
adopted.
Mr. DRAKE. Of course that will be a
matter for the consideration of the committee
to which it is referred, and of the Senate after-
ward.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator will let
this joint resolution go to the Judiciary Com-
mittee. It seems to me that committee should
consider it. I really do not wish to make an
issue with tlio Senator; but I think, on reflec-
tion, he will concede that such a measure as
this has never been referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs; and I think no such meas-
ure has ever received the consideration of the
Senate without having been referred to tho
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DRAKE, I will state in reply to the
remarks of the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin that, as the interposition of the United
States to protect any State against domestic
violence must be through its military power, it
seemed to me to be entirely proper that the
Committee on Military Affairs should be the
one which should consider whether an amend-
ment to the Constitution is required which
would make it proper to interpose the arm of
the military uuder other circumstances than
those now provided for in the Constitution.
That is my reason for moving to refer it to
that committee. Whether it is a matter prop-
erly referable to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary necessarily, because it is a constitutional
amendment, it seems to me would depend
more upon the subject-matter of the amend-
ment than upon anything else. But I will
state to the Senator from Wisconsin that after
the Committee on Military Affairs shall have
considered it, then it may be referred to tho
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEWART. As this proposition refers
to remodeling the domestic relations of States
1 suggest that the proper committee to con-
sider it would be the Committee on Education
and Labor, and with the consent of the chair-
man of that committee I will move that it be
referred to the Committee on Education and
Labor. [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. 1 think it would be much
better to refer the Senator from Nevada to
that committee. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator
from Nevada moves to amend the reference
by referring the joint resolution to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor.
