1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1795
li&mentary, certainly. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio to the
fifth section.
Mr. CAMERON. I did not withdraw my
motion to adjonm, and if that is debatable at
oil T will say that the Senate is not full.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Seuator from Pennsylvania to
withdrew that motion. If he did not the pend-
ing question is on the motion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will call the roll on the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Chair state the exact
proposition upon which the Senate is called to
*°The PRESIDING OFFICER. The exact j
proposition, as the Chair understands it, is j
this: a motion is pending to strike out section
five of the amendment reported by the Finance
Committee. Pending that motion the Senator
from Ohio moves to amend the section by
changing its phraseology and inserting a mod-
ified proposition; and the pending question
now is on agreeing to the motion of the Senator
from Ohio to amend the section before the
question shall be taken on striking it all out.
Mr. TH URMAN. I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee whether his amend-
ment makes any change in the section ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It limits the discretion of
the Secretary in the issue of a foreign loan to
the four per cent, bonds.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not understand it
before. Does it propose that in respect to
them the coupons may be made payable abroad?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; the coupons of
the four per cent, bonds may be made payable
ibroad, and those only.
Mr. THURilAN. And may be expressed
in foreign money?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I dislike very much the
policy of our debt being held abroad. It seems
to me perfectly clear that a bond the interest
upon which is payable abroad and in foreign
coin according to its coupons will never return
home until it becomes due or to be exchanged
for some other bond. That does not strike me
as good policy, and I shall be compelled, to
Tote against the amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It seems to me that the
limitation of this dangerous provision will
weaken the hands of the opposers of the prin-
ciple, as it will come in a less objectionable
form. It seems to me that this amendment
may strengthen the section.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Cas-
serly-Chandler, Cole, Pen ton, Gilbert, Hamlin. Har-
lan, Howe, Howell, Johnston, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels,
Rice, Ross.Scburz, Sherman, Sumner. Tipton,
Trumbull, Vickere, Warner, Williams, and Wil-
«on—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Cameron, Corbett,
Davis, Fowler, Harris, Howard, Osborn, Sprague,
and Stockton—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Carpen-
ter, Cattell, Conkling, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds,
Ferry, Hamilton, Kellogg, Lewis, MeCreery, Mc-
Donald, Norton. Nye, Patterson, Pomerov, Pool,
' Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott. Speiicer,
Stewart, Thayer, Thurman, Willey, and Y ate —29.
So the amendment was agreed to.
.The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the motion to strike out the
fifth section.
Mr. HOWARD. This is a very important
Question, and the Senate is at present very thin.
We have hardly a quorum here. It is a late
lour in the evening, and I think we had better
adjourn. Certainly we ought not to take a vote,
®n so important a bill as this without a full
Senate. I therefore move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I believe I will submit a fur-
ther amendment to the fifth section, which is to
strike out the words "Paris, Berlin, Amster-
dam, or Frankfort," so as to limit the agencies
and places of payment abroad to London alone.
That is the effect of my, amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will inform the Senate
that there are now more bonds of the United
States held in Holland than there are in all
Great Britain. Great Britain is one of the
smallest foreign holders of our bonds. I think
certainly we ought not to discriminate against
the Germans, who were with us in the war and
bought our bonds when the English preferred
the rebel bonds. I would rather strike out
London than either of the other places named.
Mr. HOWE. I am quite indifferent as to
which of these places is retained. I thought,
however, that exchange was almost invariably
in favor of London, and that London would
be the most convenient place of payment for
all these points. I think that is the fact, that
it is very rarely if ever the case that a bill on
London is not at par, if not above par, at
Amsterdam or Frankfort.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thirlk exchange on Lon-
don is generally a little higher than on either
of the other places.
Mr. HOWE. I am talking about exchange
between London and those other points in
Europe.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think exchange is al-
ways in favor of London. It is really more
difficult to get exchange in London than in
some other cities.
Mr. HOWE. If that is so that is the reason
whyiondon should be the place of payment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose if we wanted
to buy exchange we would buy it on the city
in which it is the cheapest. If we had to pay
j! in Amsterdam it would be cheaper to buy
exchange on Amsterdam than on London.
Mr. HOWE. But I suppose really a mer-
chant or a banker in Amsterdam, if exchange
was in favor of London, would rather have his
money in London than have it in Amsterdam,
because it would be worth something to him
there. So I suppose exchange between New
York and London being in favor of London, a
banker in New York would rather have his
funds in London than at home for that reason.
That was my idea. It seems to me that one
of these points is enough, I have no choice
about which one is retained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin says that in his judgment one of these places
is enough. The question for the Senate, I sub-
mit, is whether one of these places is not too
much. The original proposition, as amended
by the motion of the Senator from Ohio, is
much mitigated; no doubt about it. It is much
more acceptable, less objectionable^ than in
its original shape; but I submit whether it is
advisable for us to undertake now in this bill
to deal with that question at all. Are we not
admonished by this discussion to-night, by the
diversity of opinion, by the effort of the Senator
from Ohio himself to try to put this proposition
in an acceptable shape, that upon the whole,
for the present at least, it is better to abandon
it? It is, on the face of it, an entangling alli-
ance. Now, sir, I would put no such entan-
gling alliance in this bill. It is not proposed
to apply it to the first and most important sec-
tion, the five per cents. Why, then, put it into
the bill ? If hereafter, in the operations under
this bill, it shall seem advisable to require such
power,Congress unquestionably would be ready
tocoucedeit. I, for one, onproperknowledge,
on proper evidence, would be ready to vote for
it, but as informed now, I am not ready to vote
for it.
It seems to me, therefore, that we had bet-
ter give up the whole idea and wait for the
future, so far at least as this is concerned. If
it shall appear that our interests will be pro-
moted by any such system as this, it will be in
the power of Congress at any time hereafter,
even on an appropriation bill or on the first
banking bill or currency bill that we are called
to act upon, to insert this proposition. I hope
now it will not be proceeded with.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I think it
already appears that our interest will be pro-
moted by retaining this section. So far as I
am concerned I am sorry that it has been
amended. I voted for the amendment, how-
ever, under the conviction that the whole section
would be stricken out if it were not amended.
The apprehension has been expressed here on
all sides that it will be impossible to negotiate
a loan at four per cent, interest, or exceedingly
difficult to do so; and it has been generally con-
ceded, I believe, that a loan negotiated under
the fifth section of this bill would be more prob-
ably negotiated at four per cent, than under the
bill without this provision; so that the effect
of this provision in the bill will be to enable us
to obtain money with which to pay our debts
at a lower rate of interest. That seems to be
conceded ; and it is manifest, it seems to me,
that persons proposing to purchase our bonds
would prefer bonds payable in Europe rather
than payable in the United States.
Objection has been made because it might
appear as though we were not a first-class
Power, or some appearance of that kind might
attach to the adoption of this section. Now,
sir, the fact is well known that there are about
one thousand million dollars of our bonds held
in Europe; we pay the interest on those bonds
to the foreign holders, and they always will be
held in Europe. While they are available for
the investment of European funds they will be
held there, and we shall pay the interest upon
them to European holders.
That being the case, ought we not. as far as
practicable, to make the interest as low as
possible by making the bond in such a form as
will suit the wishes of the people who are to
hold this loan ? I do not consider that it is at
all offensive to our pride as a nation to make
this provision. Do we expect to conceal the^
fact from the world by striking out this section
that our debt is held in Europe? Do we pro-
pose to try to produce that impression upon the
world that it is not held abroad? We can do
nothing of tha kind, It is m well-known fact
that a considerable portion of our debt is and
will be held there; and it seems to me that
instead of trying to dismember this bill, so as
to make it more difficult to negotiate s loan at
a lower rate of interest, we ought to adopt
every provision which i3 intended to produce
that effect.
I understand the object of this bill to be to
enable the country to free itself as far as pos-
sible from the great burden of taxation grow-
ing out of the high rate of interest that we are
compelled to pay ; and the people are inter-
ested in the redaction of the interest on the
public debt, and it will not offend the pride of
the American people, I presume, if tbey find
that they have madeseveral millions per annum
by this provisioa. I think their pride will not
suffer in view of that fact, but they will be
entirely content.
Some objections have been made about pay
ing this money in Europe. Do we not pay
money in Europe now; or does it not go to
the European holders of our bonds? Cannot
arrangements be made by the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay the interest as it may fal l due,
without producing any monetary convulsion in
the country? Cannot arrangements be made
by exchange and otherwise? There are many
ways in which provision can be made between
the Government of the United States and these
different agencies by which this interest may
be paid when it falls due ; and it will not be felt
by the country any more than the country now •
feels the payment of interest on our bonds, and
not so much, in my opinion. If we should
resume specie payments, as I have no doubt
we shall, before these bonds are negotiated,
then the transfer of this gold from time to time
