5572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
that I am for the bill; but this motion will
take only a moment.
Mr. BAYARD. The bill may be passed in
less time than ray honorable friend will take
to object.
Mr. STEWART. I am not objecting; I
simply want this motion acted on.
Mr. BAYARD. The bill can be passed in
less time than it will take him to have his mo-
tion made and decided. It is a bill that has
been talked to death almost, but there may be
life enough yet in it for it to pass the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to have con-
sent to call up the Indian appropriation bill,
which was laid on the table on my motion a
few minutes ago.
Mr. CONKLING-. Let us dispose of this.
Mr. HARLAN. This bill had better go to
a committee.
The PJ#GSIDING OFFICER. Tho Senator
from Iowa asl:3 unanimous consent to take up
the Indian appropriation bill. Is there objec-
tion? ["There is."] The question before the
Senate is upon the motion of the Senator from
Nevada to postpone the present and all other
orders for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the motion offered by kiln.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senatorwill
allow me one word. As there is a dispute
between the two Houses on the Indian appro-
priation bill, there is nothing I am sure more
important and more desirable than to dispose
of that; .and in order to do it we must act on
two questions. One is the bill which comes
from the House, which you have referred to the
Committee on Appropriations at once ; and the
other is the action of the House upon the Indian
appropriation bill heretofore passed. There
ought to be instant action of the Senate on both.
I presume they will not occupy much time.
■ Mr. STEWART. It seems to me that this
motion is important.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I insist upon it
that every man shall have his own way, and I
withdraw. It is avery small matter, I suppose,
what becomes of the appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, will the Senate postpone the present
and all prior orders for the purpose of proceed-
ing to the consideration of the motion of the
Senator from Nevada?
Mr. SUMNER. I would make a suggestion.
It seems t,o me that this is rather early in the
evening to fix the time when we shall come here
to-morrow morning. We may be here all night,
or we may be here until comparatively late in
the morning, and it may not be agreeable to
meet as early as eight o'clock. I would suggest
that wo follow the usage of the Senate in tunes
past, which is to go on with the public busi-
ness—it may be all night—and then we shall
determine at what hour to come back to-mor-
row. It seems to me the motion of the Sen-
ator from Nevada is premature now, I sug-
gest that he postpone it until we are further
on with the public business.
Mr. STEWART. If we sit here all night
that will supersede this motion, of course; but
it is important that we should have two sessions
before the adjournment, one to-night and one
to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. Surely there will be two
sessions.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to ask the Senator
from Massachusetts one question, whether or
not he intends to prevent the passage of-the
bill for the relief of Margaret P. Robinson by
debate 1
Mr. SUMNER. I do not. I have had no
such purpose. All that I have said to-day has
been in direct reply to one of the friends of the
bill who went out of his way to criticise a vote
of the Senate yesterday on a motion of mine.
What I said was directly responsive to him. I
have not taken five minutes beyond that.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator,
having answered him fully, object to a vote on
that bill now ?
Mr. SUMNER. I may have one or two
words more to say before the vote is taken;
but the Senator entirely misunderstands me
if he supposes I have spoken with any view to
occupy the time of the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall be most glad not to
believe it.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HARLAN. I believs this question is
debatable, and probably will be debated, and
I should be very glad if I could have the atten-
tion of the Senate for one minute. It is not
a very usual thing to prevent the reference of
an appropriation bill to the proper committee
at this period ot' the session. It seems to me
that we might, dispose of this case after the ref-
erence of that bill to the appropriate commit-
tee. It is a very important bill, making appro-
priations for a very important branch of the
public service, and we are very near the hour
of adjournment.
Mr. CONKLING. We can do that in a
moment by unanimous consent.
Mr. P0MER05T. Let that bill he referred
now by unanimous consent. No one has any
objection to it.
Mr. STEWART. There is no objection to
that at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Iowa asks unanimous consent of the
Senate to take up the Indian appropriation bill,
for the purpose of reference.
Mr. HARLAN. I mean the bill proposing
to appropriate $5,000,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection, the bill (II. R. No. 2113) mak-
ing appropriations to enable the President to
pay certain annuities to, and preserve the peace
with, tho various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30, 1871, will be considered as
before the Senate. The Senator from Iowa
moves to refer tho bill to the Committee on
Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on the motion of the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. HARLAN. Now I desire the other
Indian bill to be taken ujo, that we may dispose
of it', so that the committee may know what
to do.
Mr. CQNKLING. That will lead to a long
debate.
Mr. IIARLAN. No; it will not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Iowa asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. STEWART. There will be a long
debate on that.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, no; let it be disposed
of without a word.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider its amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
1160) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
(so called) with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1871, and for other pur-
poses, upon which the House of Representa-
tives had adhered to their disagreement.
Mr. HARLAN. I now move that the Sen-
ate adhere to its amendments.
Mr. POMEROY. I second the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. TheSen-
ator from Iowa moves that the Senate adhere
to its amendments disagreed to by the House j
of Representatives. \
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Thatisprob ;
abty the intention of the Senate; but I query j
whether the Senate should adopt that course. |
Mr. HARLAN. The House has done it,
and sent us another bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I« ant to close that ques-
tion. The House have adhered to their notion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That ends the
bill.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly; but they have
sent us another bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will allow me, they have sent- us a distinct
proposition, which has gone to tjie Committee
on Appropriations. . Of course we do, not want
a double proposition before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will not
interfere with the Senator from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine.' If the Commit-
tee on Appropriations are tp consider the dis-
tinct proposition wbieh the House has sent to
us, we want to know what the action of the
Senate and of the House is on the other bill.
If this motion be agreed to, then it will be con-
cluded by the action of the House and the
action of the Senate; and the Committee on
Appropriations will attend to the ijew,prop-
osition from the House.
Mr. POMEROY. That is it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa,
that the Senate adhere to its amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUR Of MEETING.
The PRESIDENT pro tempo-re. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada, that when the Senate adjourns to-day it
be to meet at eight o'clock to-morrow morning.
Mr. CHANDLER. One o'clock.
The Pit E81DE NTpro tempore. Eighto'clock
is the hour moved.
Mr. BAYARD. Say nine o'clock.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend the motion
by making it one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. Why amend it?
Mr. SAWYER. Simply because I want the
Friday session to hegin at one o'clock.
Mr. HARLAN. Does the honorable Sen-
ator mean one o'clock a. m. or p. m.?
Mr. SAWYER. One o'clock in the morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not state the question correctly. The ques-
tion is, will the Senate postpone the pending
and all prior orders in order to proeeed to the
consideration of the motion made by the Sen-
ator from Nevada?
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 25.
Mr. STEWART called for the yeas and nays;
and thej were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Does this proposition dis-
place the bill for the relief of Margaret P.
Robinson, or merely postpone it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempoi-e. It post-
pones it until the pending question is dis-
posed of.
Mr. BAYARD. Does it lose its position
before the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. It does not.
It will be the unfinished business after this
motion is disposed of.
Mr. CONKLING-. I ask the attention of
the Senate for one moment to this question.
It seems to me that it is not understood, or
we should not have a division about it Sen-
ators around me say we are to stay here all
night. Very likely, although I hope not. In
that event this motion will do neither good
nor harm, and it is not worth spending a mo-
ment over it. The proposition is to lay aside
the pending order to take the sense of the
Senate upon a motion that when we adjourn
to-night, if we do adjourn, we adjourn until
an hour after midnight. Now, suppose we
sit right on; the motion simply merges; it is
obliterated, and docs no harm and no good.
If we want hereafter to change it, it is entirely
within-our control. Now, the whole purpose
is that which the Senator from Iowa had in
view in presenting a different proposition, that
we may have not only hours enough to transact
our business, but that we may have two sessions
in place of a continuous session, if it turns out
that two sessions lather than one will advance
business and lead to its consummation.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator, I think, does
not quite state what the object is. If we do not
