3684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
these courts. I am very glad that the yeas and
nays art to he palled on the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have taken no part in
these discussions; bat there have been one or
two criticisms on those portions of the bill in
regard to employing the militia and tha author-
ity to send a judge to hold conrts which I think
at least have the authority of Democratic pre-
cedent, which it would be well to bring to the
attention of the Senate, if it has not already
been called to it On the 10th of March, 1838,
during the administration of Mr. Van Buren,
the Congress of the United States passed a law
which provided—
"That whenever tho President of the United
States shall have reason to believe that the pro-
visions of this act have been, or are likely to be,
violated "—
Just as it is iu this bill—'
"that offenses have been or are likely to be com-
muted against tho provisions of the act herety
amended within any judicial district, it shall be law-
1ul for him. in his discretion, to direct tho judge,
marshal, or district attorney of such district to attend
at such place within the district and for such Unions
ho may designate, for the purpose of the morospeedy
and oonvoniunt arrest and examination of persons
charged wit 111 he violation of the act hereby amended;
and it shall be the duty of evory judge or other offi-
cer. when any such requisition shall be received by
him, to attend at tho place and lor the time desig-
nated."
Then the eighth section provided—
"That it shall bo lawful for the President of the
United States, or such person as be may em power for
that purpose, to employ such part of the land or naval
forces of the United States, or of the militia, as shall
be necessary to prevent the violation and to enforce
the due execution of this act and the aet hereby
amended."
That was approved by Mr. Van Baren on the
10th day of March, 18o8, in old Democratic
times, and those provisions in regard to send-
ing judges to hold conrts and calling on the
Army and the Nary and |he militia were copied
into the civil rights bill from this act of March
10, 1838, and have now been substantially
recopied in the pending bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What is that act about ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is entitled "An act
supplementary to an act entitled an 'Act in
addition to the act for the punishment of cer-
tain crimes against the United States and to
repeal the acts therein mentioned,' approved
the 20th of April, 1818." It provides—
" That the several collectors, naval officers, sur-
veyors. inspectors of customs, the marshals, the dep-
uty marshals of the United States, and every other
officer who may be specially empowered for tne pur-
pose by the President of the United States, shall be,
and they are hereby, respectively authorised and
empowered to issue and detain any vessel or any
arms or munitions of war,"
or anything of that kind to be nsed against
any foreign country.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him. is he reading from the neutral-
ity act?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. That was passed at the;
time of the Canadian troubles..
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was passed on the
10th of March, 1838. I do not recollect
whether the Canadian troubles tvere at that
particular time or not.
Mr." THURMAN. It is an act amendatory
of the neutrality act of 1818.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir: amendatory
of the act of 1818. I only read it to show that,
so far as the mere question of power was con-
cerned, it bad been recognized for thirty years
and more as a power that could be exercised
when there was necessity for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon to the substitute, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Davis, Fowler, Hamilton
of Maryland, Johnston, JleCreery, Ross, S prague,
Stockton, Thurraan, Vickers, and Williams—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron, Car-
penter. Chandler, Cole, Corbett. Cragin. Flanagan,
Hamilton ofTexas, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard,
Howe, Howell, McDonald, Morton, Nye, Osburn,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels,
Rioe, Robertson, Sawyer, Soott, Speuoer, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, and
\ nte<—38.
ABSENT—Messrs.Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Buckingham, Cattell, Conkliug, Drake, Kd-
munds, Fenton, Ferry, Gilbert, lCullogs, Lewis, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Sauls-
bury, Schuri, Sherman, Tipton, anil Wilson—22.
So the amendment to the amendment was !
rejected. i
Mr. SCOTT. I move to strike out the third
section of the substitute.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The section |
proposed to be stricken out will be read. :j
The Secretary read as follows: i
Sec. 3. ^lnrf be it further enacted. That whenever,
by or under the authority of tho constitution orlaws
of any State or the laws of any Territory, any act is
or shall bo required to bo done by any citizen as a
prerequisite to qualify or en title him to vote, the offor
of auy such citizen to perform the net required to be i
done as aforesaid shall, if it fail to be carried into
execution by reason of the wrongful act or omission
aforesaid ot tho person or officer charged with the ,
duty of receiving or permittinssuch periormance, or
offer to perforin or aoting thoroon, be deemed and
held as a perlormanoo iu law of such act; and the
person so offering aud failing as aforesaid, and being
otherwise qualified, shall be entitled to vote in tho
same manner and to tho same extont as if he had in
fact performed suohaot; and any judge, inspector,
or other otlicer of election whose duty it is or shall
be to receive, count, certify, register, report, or give
I'ffeet to the vote of any such citizen, who shall re-
fuse or knowiugly omit to receive, count, certify,
register, report, or give effect to the vole ofsufih cit-
izen, upon tho presentation by lum of his affidavit
stating such offer and the time and plaoe thereof,
and the name of the officer or person whose duty it
was to act thereon, and that he was wrongfully pre-
vented by such person or officer from performing
such act, shall for every such offense forfeit and pay
the sum of $500 10 the person aggrieved thereby, to
be recovered by an action on the case, with full costs
and such allowance for counsel fees as the court shall
deem just, and shaU also for every suoh offense be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall on conviction
thereof be fined not less than $500, aud be imprisoned
not less thanonemontb and not more than one year.
Mr. SCOTT. This section has been pretty
fully debated during the progress of this very
protracted discussion, and 1 do not propose
to go over the ground.that was taken in the ;
debate, bat simply to call attention to the fact
that since the adoption of the amendment
Offered by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter,] t&is section is no longer neces-
sary in the bill. Thd adoption of the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Wisconsin
in effect gives validity to the votes that may be
offered and rejected for any of the reasons
named in the bill, fpr want of. any of the
requisites that are required in the bill.
Bat, in addition to that, the adoption of th:s
third section is open to the same objection
which was made by the Senator from Indiana,
namely, that it goes much farther than enforc-
ing the fifteenth amendment, and does in effect
repeal all the registration laws of the Various
States. In endeavoring to guard against a
possible evil in the southern States with regard
to colored voters it is opening the doort to an
eiril in the large cities of the northern States that
j, is, perhaps, as much to be feared and depre-
cated as any evil that ma|y come to the southern
States with regard to the colored vote.
These views have already been presented to
i the Senate to such an extent that I do not pro-
pose to take up the time of the Senate in again
discussing thein ; but I simply call attention to
them before we proceed to the vote.
Mr. SfBWART. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
; is on the amendment of the Senator from Penn- j
sylvania, to strike out the.third section of the i
substitute.
Mr. CASSERLY and Mr. THURMAN ;
1 called for the yeas and nays, and they were i
j| ordered ; and being taken, resulted—yeas 14, j
| nays 33 ; as follows : j
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,Casserly, Davis,Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland, Howell, Johnston, McCreery,
Ko=s, Soott, Stockton, Thurman, Vickers, and Wil-
liams—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron, Car-
penter, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Flanagan,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris,
Howe, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Osborn,
Pouleroy, Pool. Prntt, Ramsey, Rovels, Rice, Robert-
son, Sawyer, Spcnoor, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer,
Warner, and Yates—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Borcman, Buck-
ingham. Uattcll, Conkling, Drake, bidinuncls. Fenton,
Ferry, Howard, Ivollogg, .Lewis, Morrill^of Vermont,
Morton, Norton, Patterson, Saulsbury, Sehurz, Sl>°r-
inan, Sprague, Tipton, Trumbull, Willey, and Wil-
son—25.
So the amendment to the amendment wa3
rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to amend the third
section, in line eleven, by inserting after the
word "being" the words " proved to be;" so
that the clause will read :
And the person so offering and failing as aforesaid,
and being proved to bo otherwise qualified* shall bo
entitled to vote, <&o.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that amendment
will Kp ^nrripn
Mr. STEWART. I will consent to that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to amend the fourth
section by inserting after the words " that if,"
in the first line, the words "'under or by color
of State anthority."
Mr. STEWART. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VlCKERS. I ask the Secretary to read
the section as it will stand if amended as I
propose.
The Chiet Clerk. If amended as pro-
posed, the section will read :
That if, under or by colorof State nuthority, any
person by foroe, bribery, threats, intimidation, or
otherwise, shall hinder, delay, prevent, or obstruct,
or attemptt« hinder,delay, prevent, or obstruct any
citizen, &a.
Mr. THURMAN. It has been asserted on
this floor that that section only applies to per-
sons acting under State authority. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Maryland
makes it perfectly clear, and will show whether
the Senate mean that that section shall apply
only to persons acting under State authority or
color of State authority, or whether Congress
assumes to punish every ruffian as the embodi-
ment of the State.
The qnestion being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 41; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Davis, Fowte'r, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Johnston, MoCreery, Stookton,
'i'hurman, and Vickers—9.
N AYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Chandler, Col6, Corbett, Cragin,
Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Hofvell, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nyo, Osborn, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ratnscy, Revels, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Scott, Spehcer, Stewart, Sumner,
Thaver, Trumbull,Warner, Williams, and Yates—U.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames,.Bayard, BoremanJBuck-
ingham, Cattell. Conkling, Drake, Edmunds', Fen-
ton, Ferry, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont,
Norton, J?o s, Saulsbury,Sehurz, Sherman, Sprague,
Tipton, Willey, and Wilson—22.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to make an inquiry
in regard to the meaning of the fourth and
fifth lines of this section four. The section
reads:
That if any person, by force, bribery, threats, intim-
idation, or otherwise, Bhall hinder, delay, prevent,
or obstruct, or attempt to hinder, delay, prevent, or
Obstruct any citizen from doing any aet authorised
by this act, &e. f
Mr. STEWART. That has been changed
so as to read " any act required to be done."
Mr. MORTON. I did not know it had been
changed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend -the
fourth section bystrikingout in the second line
the word "otherwise" and inserting " other
unlawful means."
Mr. STEWART. I think that is right.
Mr. WILLIAMS. So that a man shall be
guilty of some unlawful act in order to subject
him to the punishment prescribed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec
tion being interposed, that amendment to the
amendment will be made.
