484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
letting down of onr position to favor Virginia.
Why should this be ? Why should sho be
favored more than people of Territories here-
tofore which had never been in rebellion, or
more favored than the other rebel States ? Her
admission under' the proposed substitute will
be a positive injury to the true and loyal ele-
ment of the State. An important element to
secure a proper and wholesome exercise of
power by the successful party in Virginia is the
strong, healthy, and permanent Radical party
in that State, so nearly equal that it will, if
properly encouraged and sustained, be a vast
cheek on the conduct of the other party. It
will make it more prudent and cautious, and
more healthful and conservative in its action.
Bat will not the rejection of the conditions
reported by the committee cause the success-
ful party to become more violent and turbu-
lent, until, by violence and threats, and such
intimidations as unrestrained men know so
well how to use, they will break down, destroy,
and drive out the opposition party and secure
the field to themselves, and thus the helpless
and poor freedmen will be at their mercy, and
at length be made slaves or worse than slaves ?
Such a stale of things may occur by the success
of the gentleman's substitute. Is there any-
thing in the conduct of these men since the sur-
render of Leo that gives assurance that this
may not or will not be the result? Recur to the
many murders of freedmen, to the oppressive
character of the business and political inter-
course of the old rebels with these people; to
their newspaper articles, their public demon-
strations ; their life, character, and conduct as
citizens under the provisional government for
that State, and answer!
While we may all hope for better things, it
is still our duty as legislators, looking to the
interests of the whole people of the State, and
not them alone, but to the quiet, peace, wel-
fare and growth of the whole country, and the
security of rights and property to all the peo-
ple, that we should look well to the funda-
mental conditions upon which the rebel States
are to get back into their old relations.
If it was ever right to enforce a State into
submission—and this has been admitted long
ago, and over and over again by the country;
if it was ever right to march an army on to
Virginia soil to subdue the rebellion, to raise
a gun against the Virginians in battle array—
and is there a man to doubt the right of the
action of the Government in suppressing the
rebellion? if the reconstruction measures were
ever right—and the people have sustained them
as right after more than one trial—then it is
right now, nay, a duly, to carry forward our
measures to their logical results and secure to
the whole people of Virginia that measure of
protection which a solemn and public act of
Congress will afford; to secure that measure
of protection which a compact or fundamental
condition agreed to in thissolemu manner will
Kive*
But we are told that Virginia is a State in this
Union ; that she is one of the original States
given representation by the express words of the
original Constitution ; that, in short, she is the
" Old Dominion." It is true that Virginia was
one of the original States ; that her delegates
assisted to form the Constitution, and from the
time of its adoption until her sons strode
out of these Halls in bold, defiant mien and
went into treason and bloody rebellion, she has
had Representatives here, and several of her
worthy sons have performed the functions of
Chief Magistrate of the country. But, sir, why
are her sons not here now ? By whose wrong or
default are they not here now? Is the Govern-
ment to blame ? Who commenced the plotting
of treason? Did not Virginia statesmen have
something, nay, much to do with it? It was
the boast of one of her sons, who strode from
the Senate Hall to enwrap himself in the mantle
of the traitor, that he had been planning and
plotting secession for ten years, and hence
he rejoiced at the success of the ordinance of
secession at Richmond. During all the ten
years he was a Senator having taken the oath to
support the Constitution of the United States.
Was there .blame in that? It was rebellious
Virginians who, even before an outbreak of
hostilities, marched in battle-array against the
Government arsenal at Harper's Ferry, carried
off the ordnance stores found there, and de-
spoiled the Governmentbuildings andproperty;
it was Virginians who captured the navy-yard
at Norfolk; and Virginians marched upon and
attempted the capture of Washington, and for
months kept their rebelensign afloat on Mun-
son's hill, within plain view of the Dome of
this Capitol.
After all this hostile array, after long years
of fighting and carnage, of suffering ana hard-
ship, after Chickahominyand Manassas; Cedar
Mountain and Winchester; Wilderness, Cold
Harbor, and Five Forks, came Appomattox;
but no man ever laid down arms voluntarily and
came forward to atone for the great wrong to
the Government and country which he had
assisted to commit. No one yielded a willing
obedience to the inevitable; none have showed
signs of that contrition which brave men and
true men feel when brought face to face with
errors .which should take a lifetime to atone.
The submission was one having a sullen, sour,
disappointed air, with no sadness to relieve
nor no repentance which could demand mercy.
Has the conduct of the canvass which resulted
in the adoption of the Constitution and elected
a Governor &nd other officers of State pre-
sented anything which showed a change of
feeling? Nothing but bitter taunts and wild
threats, which abounded on every hand, attest
the true feeling of the people making up for
the most part the successful party.
Is there any hope for the liberties of the
people if we give these men control of the
State without limit or condition ? Sir, I ask
gentlemen to look at Georgia, but recently
turned over to the control of Federal bayonets;
to look at Tennessee, taken possession of
through fraud and violence by men lately en-
gaged in rebellion; and even now, while we
deliberate, a convention made up mainly of
men who have been engaged in rebellion, pre-
sided over by a late rebel general, is actually
deliberating upon the mode and manner of
disfranchising her free colored citizens, while
Beprcsentatives from Tennessee are appealing
to this House and to Congress for protection
against this state of things. They have laws
trampled under foot, a constitution violated,
citizens murdered and driven off, the sacred
rights of the citizens held for naught, and all
to gratify the mad and wicked spirit of a rebel-
lious people. Do not such men require re-
straint? For one, I believe they should be
restrained not only by acts of Congress, by
agreements with Slate Legislatures, but by the
bayonet if need be ; and most certainly, so far
as my vote and voice go, will I endeavor to
protect, by suitable conditions in the act of
admission, the people of Virginia. An intelli-
gent, brave, true, and loyal constituency whom
I represent would expect nothing less, can
demand nothing more.
I do not ask that Virginia shall be humili-
ated below the point the conduct of her peo-
ple has reduced her to. I have no feeling of
hatred to gratify ; none but the kindliest feel-
ing and the fullest sympathy for her and her
people. 1 hope soon to see her in her old
relations with her representative men on this
floor and her State government at home giv-
ing ample protection to all; assuring freedom
and liberty to all; giving her people, rich and
poor, white and black, an equal chance in the
race of life; securing the largest liberty and
the broadest freedom to all. I hope to see
her laborers honored and respected, intelli-
gent and happy; her cities grow and expand,
her villages become cities, and her towns and
hamlets grow into villages, and all the people
alike inspired with a laudable ambition to
develop the resources of the great State of
Virginia, rich in her fertile soil, her many
rivers, her very mountains full of precious
minerals ; and that she may grow and prosper,
under the inspiration of the new ideas that
the results of the war have planted, through the
interposition of Congress and its wise action,
in her midst, until she will be the proudest,
the richest,.and the most intelligent and enlight-
ened of all the States, and until the new
Dominion will far outshine in grandeur arid
beauty, in the proportions of her edifice and
in the character and nobleness of her men,
the Old Dominion of which we have heard so
much. For one, sir, I expect to see the
adoption of this bill, or one of similar provis-
ions, contribute to this result.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, I had not in-
tended to participate in this discussion. I cer-
tainly have no desire to do so. If it had not
been for the singular position in which this bill
is placed by the action of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] who was directed
by the Committee on Reconstruction as its
organ to present this bill to the House and press
its passage, I should not make any remarks on
this occasion ; but as a member of the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction, and having had some-
thing to do with framing this measure, I feel it
to be incumbent upon me, under the circum-
stances, to do so. I do not wish-to unveil any
of the secrets of the committee-room, but I am
compelled to say that I was surprised when the
gentleman from Illinois, assuming to represent
the committee, came before the House arrd
attacked one of its principal provisions, to wit,
the provision of applying a certain oath to the
State officers of Virginia. And I was equally
surprised when, in answer to the very pointed
interrogatory of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan,] all that the gentleman had to say
on behalf of the fundamental conditions of this
bill was that they would do no harm if they did
no good.
Now, sir, the Committee on Reconstruction
have reported this bill in good faith and with
the understanding that the gentleman from Illi-
nois should defend it upon this floor. If con-
scientiously he cannot do so, I appeal to the
gentleman's sense of the duty he owes to the
committee, and I appeal to his sense of self-
respect, whether, if he cannot consistently de-
fend this measure on the floor of the House, it
is not proper that he should pass it over to
some gentleman on the committee, and I would
suggest the gentleman who is next to him in
rank on the committee, the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Beaman.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment ?
Mr. WARD. Yes, for a.question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not desire par-
ticularly to ask a question. But I rise to state
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ward]
that I did precisely on the floor of the House
what I intimated to the committee that I would
do, namely, advocate the bill with the exception
of the provision with regard to the oath, re-
serving to myself the right to oppose that.
And I will say further, that so far as the mem-
bers of the committee who have addressed the
House are concerned, with the exception of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
and the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Ward,] they have not, it seems to me, advo-
cated the bill as much as I did. I was asked
by several members while the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Paike] was speaking which
side he was on, and from a carefui examina-
tion of his speech I am at a loss now whether
he spoke for or against the bill; while the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Whitte-
more] who addressed the House last night
himself introduced an amendment.
Mr. WARD. I desire only to say in this con-
nection that I have no recollection of the gen-
tleman saying that he would oppose the pro-
vision of the bill with regard to the oath on
the floor of the House. I did understand him
to say that he would supjiort the bill. I have
