1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4629
Mr. NYE. I think it is stated at something
like that in the report.
Mr. SUMNER. It is estimated at$5,000,000.
Mr. NYE. If that be true, and the Govern-
ment has been put to that additional amount
of expense, the fact I am about to state fol-
lows as a truth, that two cents postage upon
letters will yield to the Department a much
larger revenue than the postage of three cents
does now with the franking privilege attached.
1 make this suggestion that Senators may see
that if this franking privilege is abolished the
income of the office will be more than ample
to sustain itself at two cents per letter. I hope,
therefore, while honorable Senators are so
anxious to get rid of this franking privilege
they will likewise be as anxious to relieve the
correspondence of this country from one cent,
if it is within their power to do it, and make
this office, as seems to be the theory, self-
sustaining. If the basis upon which our cal-
culations are made is at all correct, this will
jicld an ample income to sustain the Post
Oliice Department.
It lias been said here, in the course of this
debate, that I pay no regard to the voice of the
people. I think I have as much regard as any one
for the people, whether their voice be uttered or
unuttered. If I know their sympathies and
feelings, I am as desirous to acquiesce in them
as any man, and I therefore interpose this
single word in behalf of a great, growing peo-
ple, in behalf of the rich and of the poor, for
this system of correspondence" in every phase
of existence, business and social. I think I
have a right to say one word for the people and
ask them to be rid of a burden. At any rate,
1 venture to ask it.
Mr. MORTON. Attho risk of being charged
with being prolix, I desire to suggest to my
friend from Nevada that he made a very able
and interesting argument here to show that
instead of the Government saving $5,000,000
by abolishing the franking privilege it would
not save anything.
Mr. NYE. I reassert that; but my voice is
impotent; my voice is not heeded at all; but
the voice of the Postmaster General and the
voice of the distinguished Senator from Min-
nesota both tell me it will save $5,000,000. and
the votes of this Senate indicate they putcou-
iidence in their assertions and not in mine.
Mr. MORTON. Then my friend reasserts
his position ; and if so, where does he get the
sum lo save the deficit created by dispensing
with one third of the postage?
Mr. NYE. There would be no deficit; but
instead of that a surplus, if the calculation
ii,jon which the Senator acts is true.
Mr. MORTON. I was taking the Senator
i.pon his argument.
Mr. NYE. I understand what I say about,
it. I do not believe there would be a cent
saved ; but the superior wisdom of the Senate
has convinced me that they think there will
be ; I judge so from their votes. If the esti-
mates made by the Postmaster General, or if
the estimates submitted to us by the honorable
Senator from Minnesota are to be relied upon,
I assume that $5,000,000 are to be saved, and
therefore there cannot, be any deficit. Hence,
I appeal to the Senate to save to the people
this one cent, which, although small to each
writer of a letter, amounts to a great deal in
the aggregate.
Mr. MORTO N. Let me suggest to my friend
from Nevada that, if abolishing the franking
system saves55,000,000 theDepartmentwould
yet be scarcely self-sustaining. There would
still be a balance against it to be paid out of
the Treasury : and by taking off one cent post-
age, reducing the rate from three to two cents,
you add SO,000,000 to that deficit.
Mr. NYE. The estimate of the Postmaster
General for this year is $5,000,000 deficit. Am
I not right ?
Mr. CONKL1NG-. Not a deficit.
Mr. NYE. Is it not 35,000,000?
Mr. CONKLING. That is the cost of free
matter.
Mr. NYE. I am not mistaken. I appeal
to the honorable Senator from Maine if what
the Postmaster General asks for is not five
millions of money for the deficit.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
that I quite understand the inquiry.
Mr. NYE. What amount of money does
the Postmaster General require to make up the
deficiencies of last year?
Mr. RAMSEY. The present year, I will
say to the honorable Senator, it is $5,700,000.
Mr. NYE. That is what I mean ; it is five
millions and over. I will slate another fact;
that it is about a million and a half more, in
view of the abolition of the franking privilege,
than it was last year.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is? _
Mr. NYE. The appropriation asked for this
year. Therefore if there are $5,000,000 to be
saved, (and nobody can doubt that that has
been thoroughly asserted by the honorable Sen-
ator, who knows every bone'and muscle of this
bill,) I ask the Senate to save to the people,
the poor, in their postage that one cent which
will make up this deficit.
Mr. RAMSEY. If this reform is carried
out it will be impossible to fully consummate
it within four years. The Senator knows, but
he obstinately refuses to receive the fact, that
the contracts for transportation are let in four
sections, one fourth let every year; and any
reform of this kind can only go into full effect
and fully work out its ends in a period of four
years. Then you come into the full fruition
of this work, and you will have no more bal-
ances to supply.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask a question.
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. When will he be ready that this
reform shall commence?
Mr. RAMSEY, immediately, on the 1st
of July.
Mr. NYE. There will never be a time when
there will not be as many contracts outstanding
as at that, time; one section is four years ahead
all the time. When will you reach that point?
Mr. RAMSEY. The next letting subsequent
to this law, assuming that you enact the law.
Mr. NYE. But taking the judgment of the
honorable Senator, we have a right to assume
it will not be enacted. If this reform is to be
made, I desire that it shall be made upon a
rational basis. I propose to take the Post-
master General and the friends of this abolish-
ment of the franking privilege at their word,
that it will save $5,000,000 a year in the trans-
portation of the mails. If it does, then the
fact is demonstrated that we can take off one
cent, from the letter postage and yet have a
revenue ample for the needs of the Depart-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. It is well that we should
understand this point precisely, particularly as
there has been a question made by my friend,
the Senator from Indiana. I have before me
the last report of the Postmaster General, and
it is on this report that the whole case for the
abolition of the franking system has been
argued. I read from it:
"It was stated ten years ago that tlic Department
actually expended at that time m tho performance
of the duties which tho irankinit privilege imposed
little, if anything, short of 5>3,000,000."
The report tlien proceeds :
" Sinco that time the expense hap largely increased;
and X am convinced that it now exceeds the enorm-
ous sum of So.OOO.tXJO."
Again, in another place, thePostmaster Gen-
eral says:
"There is no sound reason for believing that, ;
estimating by weight, tho present basis of the post-
age rates, the proportion of free matter is really less
than thirty per cent., as ascertained by the careful
investigations of a committeo of the British Parlia-
ment ; but even if wc adopt the results of the im-
perfect information attainable in this country, and
assume twenty-five per cent, of the ordinary annual
expenditures as the just equivalent for the unpaid
soiviecs of thoPost Office Department, itwill'appear
that tlie Government, is bound in honor and justice
to appropriate $5,000,000 instead of ;-700,000 for this
service."
There, in this one report, does the Post-
master General twice over estimate the cost of
the franking system to the postal service at
$5,000,000. But it is now proposed to relieve
the service of that cost, $5,000,000, taken
right from the expenses of this Department,
and then my friend properly steps in and asks
that the people in their postage should have
the benefit of the change.
The Senator from Nevada, however, does
not tako into view what a predecessor of the
present Postmaster General said with regard
to tho increase of letters where there is a
reduction in the rate. I have the report of the
Postmaster General in 1862—you will remem-
ber Mr. Blair was then Postmaster General—
from which I read :
" From these data it appears that there has been an
enormous increase of postal facilities and postal ex-
penses in both countries, under the low rates, beyond
those existing under tho high rates, and thoir effect
must have been to stimulate correspondence to a
remarkable degree. An omnibus running two or
three times a day along the streets of a city would
not much stimulato passenger traffic; but cars run-
ning every three or five minutes, and accommodat-
ing, at tho same rate, four times the number of pas-
sengers, are crowded with travelers."
Now we desire to secure for the Post Office
the same result.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of Ihe Senator from Nevada
to the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I cannot permit this vote
to be taken until there shall be some present-
ation of the actual receipts from the postal
service. I think there is a misapprehension as
to the exact receipts from letters and newspa-
pers through the post office, and with that view
1 desire that the Secretary shall read to the
Senate the report of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States. If a person desires to know what
his expenditures are and what his receipts are,
the place where he can get the most correct
information is from his cash-book; and the
cash-book of the United States determines that
while the estimated receipts are on a basis of
$10,292,080, by the report of the Post Office
Department, December 3, 18G8, the actual
receipts for mail matter wero $lo,G83,910 03,
showing a difference between the actual re-
ceipts and the estimated receipts of nearly
three million dollars. As this discussion has
been at such great length, the people of this
country ought to understand exactly what the
cost of their postal service is, th at it is $3,000,000
every year more than that which is reported
by the Postmaster General, and the reading
of the report of the Treasurer will determine
that fact.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the matter sent up by the Senator
from Rhode Island.
The Chief Clerk road as follows, from tho
report of the Postmaster General for 18GS ;
"The receipts of tho Department were from post-
ages §16,292,0(10 80; the amounts drown from tho
Treasury underacts making a ppropriationsfor' car-
rying free matter,' £j,tj00,000; and under the acts
making special appropriations for 'overland mail
and marine service between iSew York and Guhlor-
ma' xl,1-5.000; 'steamship service between Sail
Francisco. Japan, and Ouina,' iii">,000; between tho
■United States and Br.izil.' 6150,000; for'carrying
tho mail on routes established by acts passed during
the first session ol tho Ttiiity-j\inth (OongrCE-s
5136,525 " ' ' ' '   
route
=ources ~, 
wero, as above stated, £22,730,592 Co: showm# Jin
excess of expenditures over receipts oi juil,
lor which a special appropriation "will borequiiea.
air. SPRAGUE. Now comes .Ibe exact
condition ot' the Treasury of the United States.
The Chief Clerk read as follows from the
Treasurer's report for the same year:
Moneys drawn from the Trc
is a statement ot moneys drawn fiom tho xieasuiy
that were not receipts from the Post Office Depart-
ment, but wero appropriated for its uso by Congress
