1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2741
more than had been authorized under the law.
They allowed tiiem to be located under the old
iaw before they were aware of the passage of
the act of 1808. So far as this bill goes it
confirms those locations.
Mr. HARLAN. But prospectively what
will be the effect as to lands hereafter to be
located with this scrip within the limits of a
railroad grant?
Mr. POMEROY. In California they will
set one hundred and sixty acres for a ono hun-
dred and sixty acre certificate or scrip, unless
the law granting lands for railroads should
control it. This, I suppose, would repeal any
such provision.
Mr. NYE. There is no railroad grant there.
Mr. HARLAN. Hereafter there may be.
Mr. POMEROY. The general law controls
that.
Mr. C ASSERLY. 1 wish to say a word upon
this bill, as it is one which I reported from the
Committee on Public Lands. The law of July
27, 1868, which is referred to in the bill, is the
law which forbade the location of agricultural
college scrip upon more than three sections of
land in any'one township. The object of this
bil), so far as I had any concern with it, was
to legalize certaiu locations made with college
scrip in California before that law was suffi-
ciently known throughout the State. A limit
of thirty days after the passage of that law is
lixed as the period within which the locations
here confirmed must have been made. It was
myopinion, in which the committee concurred,
that this limit was more safe than to leave the
matter open for an indefinite period or proofs
by affidavit. This is the effect of the second
proviso. As to the first proviso, which permits
college scrip to be received from actual settlers
as military warrants are received, I desire to
say for myself that I do not now recall the
special reasons for introducing it into this bill.
It strikes me that this proviso would be more
properly the subject of a separate act. I do
not mean that it is not a proper subject of
legislation, but that it is not so germane to its
purpose as to be properly a part of it. Gen-
eral legislation is better left out of a special
bill. The effect of the second proviso is to
lieal the locations which were made in ignor-
ance of an act passed through here on the
same day, or within a day or t^ro, in both
Houses. So far as I am informed these loca-
tions cured by this bill do not amount to more
than eighty to one hundred thousand acres of
land in California; perhaps not so much. I
do not know the extent of them in other States.
That is all I desire to say upon the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I understand this bill as
a general provision I am very much in favor of
it. I have often heard it complained that under
the present law speculators in agricultural col-
lege scrip have the sole power to locate it, while
the preemptors, the actual settlers going on
the lands, cannot avail themselves of the right
of using this scrip in payingfor their locations.
Thus the present law as it stands is a discrim-
ination against the actual settler. If this bill
is general in its terms I am perfectly willing to
vote for it.
Mr. HARLAN. The point that I called the
attention of the chairman of the committee to
is this, if the Senator from Ohio will pardon
me: military bounty land warrants now located
on land within the limits of a railroad grant
that can be sold at $2 50 an acre have to be
located as two acres in the warrant for one
acre of land.
Mr. SHERMAN. This does not affect that.
Mr. HARLAN. As I understand the chair-
man this bill docs not; but he is in favor of
correcting it in that respect.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken
in that. It does cover it. The bill says this
scrip may be used to the same extent and in
the same way as military bounty-land war-
rants.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to it if
that point is covered.
The YICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Nevada consent to the amendment?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be read now.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That the act entitled "An act.to protect the rights
of actual settlers upon the public lands of the United
States," approved June 27,1868, bo, and tho same is
hereby, amended by adding thereto the following
proviso, namely: "Provided, That all such agricul-
tural eoliogc scrip shall bo rcccived from actual set-
tlers in payment of preemption claims in the same
manner as is now authorized by law in ease of mili-
tary bounty-land warrants: And provided .further.
That all locations of such scrip mado within thirty
days after the date of approval of said act of July 27,
1868, if otherwise in conformity with law, aro hereby
legalized and mado valid."
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that after the
words " in the same manner " the words "and
to the same extent'' be inserted in the first
proviso, so as to avoid all question.
Mr. HARLAN. That is right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
suggested by the Senator from Ohio will be
made if there be no objection. The Chair hears
no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
PRESIDENTIAL APPHOVAL.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. HoracePorter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day ap-
proved and signed the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 75) in relation to the printing for the use
of the Department of State of additional copies
of documents emanating from that Department.
message from the iiousk.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson", its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (n. R. No. 572) to amend an act
incorporating the National Junction Railway
Company ;
A bill (H. R. No. 049) to incorporate the
University for the Blind in the District of
Columbia;
A bill (II. R. No. 983) to amend an act
entitled "An act for the enforcement of me-
chanics' liens on buildings, &c., in the District
of Columbia," approved February 2, 1859;
A bill (H. R. No. 1004) to arch Tiber creek
north of Pennsylvania avenue;
A bill (IT. K. No. 1025J) to^ amend an act
entitled "An act to establish in the District
of Columbia a house of correction for boys,"
approved July 25, I860;
A bill (H. R. No. 1166) to incorporate the
Linthieum Institute of Georgetown;
A bill (H. R, No. 1456) to abolish joint
tenancy in the District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 1G35) to authorize the cor-
porate authorities of the city of Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia, to pave and im-
prove the streets thereof; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1724) to authorize a sub-
scription by the corporate authorities of the
city of Washington to the capital stock of the
Alexandria, Loudon, and Hampshire Railroad
Company, or the Washington and Ohio Rail-
road Company, as the case may be.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, severally with an
amendment, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested:
The bill (S. No. 226) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Homeopathic Medieal Society ;
The bill (S. No. 414) declaring the construc-
tion of an act to incorporate the National The-
ological Institute, approved May 10.18GG, and
also an act to amend ap act entitled_ "An act
to incorporate the National Theological Insti-
tute, and to define and extend the powers of
the same," approved March 2, 1867'; and
The bill (S. No. 589) for incorporating a hos-
pital for foundlings in the city of Washington.
STATE 01? GEORGIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Georgia bill is before
the Senate, upon which the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Drake] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THAYER. • The Senator from Missouri
has kindly consented to yield,to ifi? the floor
for a moment, and if no Senator objects I
desire to pass a bill which was reported this
morning by the Senator from Kansas from the
Committee on Public Lands, Senate bill No.
742. It will take no time, I apprehend. If,
however, any Senator objects, I shall let it go
over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better go
over, because we propose to provide in a day
or two for going through with unobjected cases
and then it will be reached. I report bills
from day to day merely for pensions to poor
people, but they can never be reached if we do
not go on in order. Therefore my friend will
pardon me if I insist upon the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Georgia bill
is the regular order.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Pomeroy to the amendment
of Mr. Stewart. The amendment of Mr.
Stewart was to strike out the first proviso to
the bill, in the following words:
Provided, That nothing iu this actcontained shall
bo construed to vacate any of the offices now filled
in the Stato of Georgia, either by the election of
the people or by the appointment of the Governor
thereof, by and with tho odvico and consent of tlio
senate of said Slate: neither shall this act bo con-
strued to extend the official term of any officer of
said State beyond the term limited by tho constitu-
tion thereof, dating from tho election or appoint-
ment ot such officer; nor to doprivo the people of
Georgia of the right, under their constitution, to
elect Senators and Representatives of tho State ot'
Georgia in tho year 1870; but said election shall bo
held in tho year 1870, either on the day named in sa id
constitution of said Stato or such other day as the
present Legislature may designate by law.
The amendment to the amendment was to
strike out the proviso and insert the following:
That tho existing government in the Stato of
Georgia is hereby declared to bo provisional; and
the samo shall continue subject to the provisions of
tho acts of Congress of March 2, 1867, and March
23,1867, and of July 19,1867, until the admission ot
said State, by law, to representation in Congress;
and for this purpose tho State of Georgia shall con-
stitute the third military district.
SEC. 2. And be it farther enacted, That in accord-
ance with the provisions of and under the powers
and limitations provided in said acts, an election
shall bo held in said Stato on Tuesday, tho 15th day
of November, 1870, for all the members of the Gen-
eral Assembly of said State provided for in tho con-
stitution of said Stato adopted by its convention on
the 11th day of March, 18j8 ; at which election all
gersons who by said constitution are electors ^hall
e entitled to vote. And said General Assembly so
elected shall assemble at the capital of said Stato
on the 13th day of December, 1870, and organize
preparatory to the admission of the Stato to repre-
sentation in Congress; and the powers and functions
of the members of the existing General Assembly
shall cease and determine ou tho baid 13th day of
December, 1870.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I ask that the
amendment which I propose to offer to this
bill may bo read as modified by me since its
first presentation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the amendment proposed to be offered,
when the rules will allow, by the Senator from
Missouri.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment,, which is to insert as an additional section
the following:
Sf.c.—. And he it further enacted. That whenever
it shall appear to the President, from an application
by tbo Legislature of any State, or by tho Governor
of such Stato when the Legislature cannot bo con-
vened, that there exist in such State organizations
or combinations of men engaged in the perpetration
of acts of violenco against tho persons or property of
others, or in obstructing tho duo execution of the
