486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January si 4,
interfere with the primary disposition of the
lands of the United States within their bound-
aries or tax the same for State purposes. Then
weallrememberaboutTexasand Nebraska. In
fact, Mr. Speaker, such has been the uniform
practice of our Government. The power has
been exercised in fifteen distinct instances by
fifteen distinct acts of legislation. Congresses
in which such men as Webster and Clay exer-
cised a controlling influence by their eloquence
and power have adopted fundamental condi-
tions in the admission of States. Congresses
in the days of Jefferson, and under the inspira-
tion of that great leader, imposed fundamental
conditions. Besides, the whole history of your
reconstruction policy has been in favor of such
fundamental conditions. All the States that
have been admitted under the reconstruction
policy have had fundamental conditions im-
posed upon them, especially one here imposed
as to suffrage, except the State of Tennessee.
And now I ask the attention of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] to what I may say
about the case of Tennessee. I remember that
in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, when I had just
come here, and when I " crept under the huge
legs" of the great gentlemen who controlled
the legislation of Congress, the gentleman from
Ohio was one of my leaders; and he led me
into voting for the admission of the State of
Tennessee. The bill reported at that time from
the Committee on Reconstruction by the gen-
tleman from Ohio provided—
"Whereas the State of Tennesseo has in good faith
ratified the article of amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States proposed by the Thirty-
Ninth Congress to the Legislatures of the several
States, and has also shown to the satisfaction of Con-
gress, by a proper spirit of obedience in the body of
the people, a return to hor duo allegianco to the
Government, laws, and authority of the United
States: Therefore,
"Resolved, &c.t That she be admitted," &e.
As I said, following the gentleman from
Ohio, I voted for the admission of Tennessee;
and I am obliged to confess that of all the
votes I ever gave upon all the reconstruction
measures of Congress, it is the only vote that
I now regret; and I regret it because we did
not impose any conditions upon the State of
Tennessee. If we had done so, there would
now bo no question as to what we can do with
that State. She is now sitting in judgment
upon us. She is holding hor convention to
determine whether she will allow the peo-
ple of color to vote, to determine whether in
fact, she will submit any longer to the recon-
struction policy of Congress. She claims to
be independent and sovereign. She has swept
away all the prohibitions of her constitution
limiting suffrage. She has by a system of
fraud almost unequaled in the history of the
country overturned the loyal government of
the State ; and she is now under the control
of the men who led her out of the Union.
This is the position into which I have got by
following the lead of the gentleman from Ohio,
and I now find him here swift with his propo-
sition to lot in Virginia without any condition.
J hope to God his proposition will not prevail.
I hope that at some future time, if the "first
families" rebel, if the pride of the great State
ot Virginia is ruffled, if her people happen to
get offended at what we may do, and seek to
overturn everything we have done by calling a
new convention and asserting the sacred rights
of Virginia to almost absolute secession, the
people of the United States may be in the same
position with reference to Virginia in which ]
they were when Georgia refused to carry out ]
her contract; for I would remind the gentle- ;
man from Ohio we imposed fundamental con-
ditions upon Georgia, and under that provis- i
ion we are now dealing with her. Two strange
scenes are now transpiring in different portions
of the Union. In the State of Tennessee,
which we admitted without conditions, they
are undoing the work which we required them '
to do; in the State of Georgia they are restor-
ing the State to a loyal basis because of the
power which we are enabled to exercise over '
them in consequence of the fundamental con-
dition we imposed.
It is clear, then, that there is abundant pre-
cedent for demanding these conditions. The
question is, can we enforce them? On this
point I ask the attention of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] for whom I have very
great respect, who yesterday asked (in entire
good faith, I doubt not) a very pertinent ques-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Law-
BEifCB,] my colleague on the committee. How,
he asked, are you going to enforce the condi-
tion? In other words, where is the penalty?
This is a question which I have thought much
about. I am entirely clear in my own mind
that we have the right to impose these condi-
tions; that the Federal Convention contem-
plated that we should have that right, and the
precedents of our legislative history, as I have
shown, warrant the same conclusion.
Does it follow that we cannot enforce what
we impose? Then, sir, your Government is a
government of straw. But how shall we en-
force it? That, Mr. Speaker, depends on each
particular case. Take the conditions before the
House, that the negro man shall not be de-
prived of the right to vote, the right to sit in
the jury-box, and the right of participation in
the school fund. They are a compact with the
State of Virginia on her admission into the
Union. That is our contract with her. That
is the law of the United States as well. It can
be enforced just as well as the revenue laws
are. It can be enforced just as well as any
other Federal law. We send our collectors
and tax gatherers all over the United States to
take up a portion of the substance of the peo-
ple, for the purpose of defraying the expenses
of the Government. Suppose any State should
interfere to prevent those laws being executed.
In that case we have our remedy. I need not
tell gentlemen here that refusal to execute the
laws of the United States is insurrection and
rebellion, which would justify the interference
of the Government of the United States. It was
conceded when the Constitution was framed ;
when the old Articles of Confederation were
set aside and the Constitution put in its place,
that the object was to build up a Government
self-sustaining and able to execute its own laws.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. WAED. Hear me first for a little. I
was going on to say to the House that if a per-
son entitled were deprived of the privilege of
voting by the State of Virginia he could go to
the courts and demand his right of suffrage. He
would go to the United States courts, because
it is a United States law. He demands his
right of suffrage, and it would be given to him.
If he should be deprived of his portion of the
school fund he would demand of the court par-
ticipation in that fund, and the court would
grant it to him. If the courts will decide, and
I presume they will, that this compact is bind-
ing, then this obligation is a fixed one, and the
State of Virginia must carry it out. The courts
will hold that any new contrary action on the
part of Virginia would bo invalid. If the State
should pass any law or adopt any constitu-
tional change in violation of this fundamental
compact the courts would hold that these
claimants for their rights should have their
remedy. And when that remedy is asserted by
the courts I need not point out to gentlemen
how that right is to be maintained. If the court
cannot execute its own judgments we shall then
have to fall back upon the military power of
the United States to execute the laws.
Take, for instance, the case of Louisiana.
My friend lives in Illinois. Now, supnose the
State of Louisiana should undertake to assert
control^ of the mouth of the Mississippi river
and to impose a tax upon the commerce of the
great Northwest. The fundamental condition
imposed upon that State being that this great
outlet of the Northwest should be free to all
our people, the courts would be bound to ad-
judge and the United States would be com-
pelled to enforce the demands of the Northwest
against any such restrictions. If Louisiana
should attempt to resist the Government of the
United .States she would at once be placed
under martial law and compelled to do her
duty. If you can enforce these conditions in
the courts, very well. But if you caimot enforce
them in the courts, we may then call in the
mijitary power of the United States. I will
now yield to my friend from Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot understand how it
is .that gentlemen seem determined to place me
in opposition to everything I have said and
done. But to those gentlemen I will say that
I am not to be driven from any position I may
occupy or any opinion I may entertain by in-
sinuations that other people are acting or
cooperating with me. This is the question I
wish to put to the gentlemen. The proposition
I put to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr; Law-
rence,] and my colleague, [Mr. Farksworth,]
was this: what is meant by these so-called
fundamental conditions? It is as easy to call
them fundamental conditions as anything else;
but I do not consider them as fundamental
conditions.
But you deem it proper to call it a funda-
mental condition, and ask me what the effect
will be of that condition, what it will be worth,
what it will amount to. I said this, and I say
so now; I said it would not fee worth a snap
of my finger. Now, I desire not to be misrep-
resented in reference to this. I say it is not
a fundamental condition, and the gentleman, I
think, misapprehends what a fundamental con-
dition is. Virginia, sir, is either a State in the
Union or out of the Union. I do not know
which the gentleman thinks she is.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, I cannot yield
further. I cannot yield for extended remarks.
I hope my friend from Illinois will limit his
inquiry so that I may answer him.
Mr. LOGAN. If you do not desire to hear
what I have to say I do not care to make the
inquiry. I said you have no penalty in your
bill as reported from the Committee on Recon-
struction. I said that to the oath I have no
objection, because that comes under the four-
teenth article of the Constitution 
Mr. WARD. I resume the floor. I yielded
courteously to the gentleman to ask a question,
but not to make a speech. If he wishes to ask
a question I will yield to him.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. I was not aware that I was imposing on
the gentleman's courtesy. But if he thinks
so I shall take some other opportunity of
saying what I desired to say.
Mr. WARD. The gentleman has misappre-
hended the purport of what I said, and I regret
that he has done so. I said that I believed the
gentleman was putting an inquiry in good faith,
and I accorded to him that courtesy which I
ever desired to yield to any gentleman on this
floor. I gave way to him that he might ask
a question, and as far as he has asked any
question I am willing to answer it. I under-
stood the gentleman to ask the question, where
was the penalty if the State of Virginia did not
conform to these fundamental conditions? I
will say to him that we need no penalty to
enforce 
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me a word right there?
Mr. WARD. I cannot yield further at pres-
ent. Did the gentleman never hear of a bond
without a penalty, of an obligation without a
penalty? From his remarks it might be sup-
posed he never heard of such. I suppose an
obligation can be enforced without a penalty;
and what we propose is to enforce this funda-
mental condition by the power of the Federal
(government in whatever way we are entitled
to enforce it under the Constitution of the
United States.
Now, sir, we are told, and I must be brief,
for I do not desire to occupy the whole time
allotted to me—we are told by my colleague
from New York [Mr. Wood] that we cannot
