4630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20, J
under the several Iaw3 ns specified, and at the times
and for the amounts as follows:
Under chanter forty-one of the laios of February IS.
18G7.
July 11,3807, Treasury warrant No. 701. $225,000 00
October 5,1867, Treasury warrant No.
1038   225,000 00
January 11,1863, Treasury warrant No.
3:3   225,000 00
April 1,1868,Treasury warrant No.380.. 225,000 00
For overland mail and marine trans-
portation to California, under tho
same act for mail steamship service
between San Francisco and Japan and.
China, October 2i, 1867, Treasury war-
rant No. 1156 
Under the same act for mail steamship
sorvicc between the United States and
.Brazil, November 2,1867, by Treasury
warrant No. 1227   
Under acts of Congress passed March
u, 3817, and March o, 18^1, for com-
pensation for mail service performed
i' r the two Houses of Congress and
other Departments and offices of the
Government,, November 6,1867, Troi s-
niy wairant No. 1237, accumulation
ot years 
Under the act of Ju)y J'), 1867, for carry-
ing fho mails on roads established by
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, first ses-
sion, lor tho year ending June 30,
1867. January 23,1868, Treasury war-
rantNo.O'J 
Under the acta ot Congress passort March
8, 1847, and March 3, 1851, for com-
pensation for mail service performed
for the two Houses of Congress and.
other Departments and offices of tho
Government, Apiii 2, 1868, Treasury
warrant No. 385 
900,000 00
41,666 66
150,000 00
1,000,000 00
486,525 00
1,400,000 00
Total received from the Govern-
ment  §3,978,191 66
The last named sum, received from the Government
of the United States lor various services performed
lor H by the Post Office Department, is a part of tho
ioec'pt.<, and also ot the expenditures, as stated in
the foicooing tables.
I11 juldition to the amounts of receipts into the
Treasury, as aforcstated, there has been received by
postmasters on account of lotter postago, newspa-
pers and pamphlets, registered letters, emoluments,
stamps, dead letters, internal revenue, fines, and
miscellaneous; and there has been paid out again on
the oidcis of the Pojt Office Department drawn on
postmasters for compensation to postmasters, ship,
sl'eamboat, and way letters, transportation of mails,
wrapping-paper, office furniture, advertising, mail
bags', blanks, agents and assistants, mail locks, keys,
a.u-i. stamps, mail depredations and special agents,
clerks for office, postage stamps and stamped envel-
opes, letter-carriers, dead letters, foreign mails, and
miscellaneous, a like amount for the aggregate sums,
ami lor and in the quarters in the liscal year, as fol-
lows:
For the quarter ending the 30th of September,
1867  $3,293,665 42
For the quarter ending December 31,
, 1*67   3,334,164 92
For the quarter ending March 31, 1868... 3,459,914 84
For tho quarter ending June 30,1868  3,586,164 85
Total of such receipts and expendi-
tures in liscal year $13,683,910 03
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 27 ; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Carpenter, Oasserly, Dn.vis,Drake,
Fowler, Gilbert, Harris, Johnston, McCreery, Mc-
Donald, Nye, Face, Robertson, lloss, Sawyer, Spen-
cer, Stewart, Sumner, Thurinan, Vickers, Warner,
"Wilson, andYate.s—23.
NAVS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow, Buck-
ingh. im, Chandler. Cole, Conklin^, Cragin. Fonton,
liiitnlin. llari.an, Howard, Hnwe, Howell, Morrill of
jM.mie, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pomeroy, Pratt,
K:nn.;ey,Scott, Sherman, Spraguo, Tipton,Trumbull,
AVilley, :uid Williams—27.
ABSUNT— Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bore man,
Cameron, Oattell, Corbett, Edmunds, Kerry, Flana-
s.m. Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Keilogjf, Lewis, Norton, O.sborn, Patterson, Pool,
Rev oi.;, Buulsbury, Sehurz,Stockton, and Thayer—22.
So (he amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota, as amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let it be
read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ami be it further enacted, That all laws and parts
of laws giving !lio right to any officer or Department
of the Government, or other person, to either send
or receive through the United States mails, free of
charge, any letter, document, or other mailable mat-
ter, arc hereby repealed. And this section shall tako
effect on and after tho 1st day of August, 1S70; but
shall not be construed as repealing the provisions in
favor of publishers of newspapers and periodicals
contained in tho second section of the act of August
30,1852, entitled "An act to amend an act to roduce
and modify the rates of postage in tho United Stated,
and for other purposes," passed March 3, 1851.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "1st day of Au-
gust, 1870," and inserting "1st day of Jan-
uary, 1871."
Mr. HAMLIN. That has been put in by a
vote of the Senate, and it cannot be changed.
Mr. SUMNBli. 1 think not since the bill
has been in the Senate.
/The VICE PRESIDENT. It was pre-
viously; but the Chair is informed that the 1st
of August, 1870, is the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, and it is therefore open
to amendment. The Senator from Alabama
moves to strike out " 1st day of August, 1870,"
and insert "1st day of January, 1871."
Mr. CONKLING. That was put in.
Mr. SUMNER. But it was taken out after
it came into the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Itwasputin on motion,
however.
The VICE PRESIDENT. .The Senator from
Minnesota can state whether this date was put
in on motion after he offered the amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. No; it was put in by my-
self in accordance with what the Senate had
done previously.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
bama to the amendment.
Mr. 1IOWE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 24, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Carpenter, Drake,
Foivler, Gilbert, Harris, Howard,McDonald, Morrill
of Vermont, Nyc. Osborn, ltobcrtson, Itoss, Sawyer,
Spencer, Stewart, Sumner/Thayer, Tipton, Vickers,
Williams, and Wilton—2-1.
NAYS — Messrs. lloreman, Drownlow, Bucking-
ham, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Oonkling, Davis,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, llarlan.Howe. Howell,
Johnston, McCrcory, Moirill of Maine, Pomeroy,
Pratt, Itamsey, l-tice, Scott, Sherman, Sprasue,
Trumbull, Willey, and Yates—26.
AliSENT— Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron,
Cattell, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ponton, Perry,
Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Kellogg, Lewis,
Morton, Korton, Patterson. Pool, Itevels, Sauls-
bury, Schurz, Stockton, and Thurman—22.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following proviso :
Provided, That each Senator, Representative, and
Delegate in Congress shall be entitled annually after
the 30th day oi June, 1870, to the sum of hundred
dollars for the payment of postages.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As this is an
amendment to an amendment, the Senator
must suggest some sum for the blank. It can-
not be iurther amended.
Mr. DRAKE. In one moment, sir. When
during the winter I presented the first petition
that came to my hands from citizens of Mis-
souri praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege I said, in connection with the pre-
sentation of that petition, that if proper provis-
ion were made for the payment of the postages
of Senators and Representatives I would vote
for (lie abolition of the frank. I took occasion
tho other day to say that unless that provision
were made I certainly should vote against the
abolition of the frank. The people of this
country have no right to demand of me, or of
any other Senator or Representative to pay his
own postages while he is attending to public
business. I do not believe there is one man
in the United States who would ask that out
of the salaries of Senators and Representatives
they should be required to pay their own post-
ages while sitting here in Congress on the pub-
lic business.
I left the blank in the amendment purposely
to elicit the opinion of Senators on the subject.
The Postmaster General says that the frank-
ing privilege annually costs the Department
$5,000,000. Very well, sir. I suppose he
would not make that statement unless he knew
what he was writing about. The chairman of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Iloads
assumes the correctness of that statement.
Now, assuming that one half of that defieit
comes from the exercise of the franking priv-
ilege by Senators and Representatives and
Delegates in Congress, the Government can
very well afford to pay the postages of the Sen-
ators and Representatives when they deprive
them of the privilege of the frank. I suggest
to fill that blank with the word "five," so as
to make it "$500," which I take it will amount
to $150,000 a year for the whole postages of
Congress, that body which has heretofore cost
the Government upon any moderate estimate,
if the figures of the Postmaster General be
truf, $2,500,000. The Government certainly
can afford to pay us $150,000 a year for our
postages.
Now, sir, if any Senator can make any better
suggestion than that as to the amount, 1 am
prepared to receive any amount that is reason-
able and right; but if the Senate refuse to
make any provision for the payment of its own
postages 1 shall vote against the whole bill.
Sir, I would not care if petitions come here as
thick as autumnal leaves in Vallombrosa;
they might petition from year to year till the
crack of doom, so far as I am concerned, before
I would vote to abolish the right to the frank,
and undertake to pay my own postages here.
Nor do the people ask any such thing. I
say that in my judgment $500 will be about
the proper sum ; but if any Senator has any
suggestion of any other sum to make I shall
be very glad, indeed, to hear it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not rise for the purpose of protract-
ing the discussion on this bill, but rather to
appeal to Senators to vote upon the whole of
these propositions, without any reference to
their merits, in the same spirit in which they
were appealed to by the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] to vote out of this appropria-
tion bill this scheme for reforming the franking
system. We have now spent three days upon
a bill which ought to have passed in a single
hour; and if we are to tolerate this principle
of ingrafting any subject whatever, however
foreign, upon an appropriation bill, unques-
tionably we have got to alter the time of our
adjournment and at least add another month,
and it looks extremely probable that we shall
have to do that in order to transact the neces-
sary business. It-is perfectly manifest that if
we are to allow all sorts of subjects to comenp
for discussion on the general appropriation bills
we cannot get through with the business. There
is no more propriety in introducing this frank-
ing bill upon this appropriation bill than there
would be to introduce into it a bill to incorpor-
ate a railroad or to reduce the pay of the Army
or of the Navy,
Now, Mr. President, I do not think you can
get this bill into any shape that I shall not vote
l'or it; but I see by the votes of the Senate that
they are determined in some way to reserve the
right to have compensation for the privileges
that they surrender by this bill; for by a decis-
ive vote they have refused to take away the
franking privilege from themselves and tho
postmasters, and leave the Government with
power and capacity to transact its business.
Mr. President, is it not fair that we should
have this whole subject before us? I do not
know whether you will got the measure licked
into such a shape that anybody can vote for it.
Here is a proposition to add $500 as a com-
pensation for the privileges surrendered under
this bill. I understand something about this
gie&t fever in favor of reform, and I am ex-
tiemely desirous that we may have any proper
reform; but I am equally anxious that it shall
not conceal under it a proposition by which
tae Government hereafter will be robbed of
twice the amount that we save by this reform.
Underlying all these propositions there is au-
