1798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
* March 9,
to me you would feel very small after changing
your bond and fixing it according to their
proposition theu to fail in it. If you make it
in your own coin you offer it, according to your
own ideas at home and abroad, and foreigners !
may take it or not as they choose. You go |
to Europe and you offer this bond; you give
the Secretary power to exchange it for the
present bond ; he takes the gold in one hand
and these bonds in another, and says: " Gen-
tlemen, you can take the'gold or the bonds at
four per cent., whichever you choose; it \3
payable in the coin of the United States; you
know what our credit is; you have had our
bonds for ten years and you know -what they
are worth." Now, after they have become
acquainted with our coins as well as with their
own, to introduce this proposition at this date
to change a bond payable in the coin of the
United States to one payable in three different
foreign coins strikes me as very strange.
It seems to me the proposition is simply
ridiculous. The suggestion was made by the
Senator from Alabama [Mr. Warner] that
Massachusetts pays her loan in Europe. I
think she does not adopt foreign coins, does
aot make the coupons ot her bonds payable in
the different coins of those Governments. I
think she makes it payable in the coin of the
United States.
Mr. MORTON. Payable in sterling.
Mr. CORBETT. Now, the unfortunate sug-
gestion of my friend from Indiana, that if we
have this loan held abroad we might take ad-
vantage of that fact in the event of a war, seems
to me hardly calculated to advance the credit
of our Government there and induce foreign-
ers to take our bonds. I am in hopes he did
not intend it seriously; aud I do not think he
did. It seems to me at this juncture of our
national debt and at this time we ought not
to make these bonds payable in Europe, the
interest no more than the principal.
We may have the balance of trade in our
favor, and we may pay off the bonds before
they mature, or they may flow back here. We
may export large amounts of our products, of
ourown manufactures, of wheat and cotton, to
such an extent that these bonds will flow back
here in exchange. And to make them payable
absolutely in Europe will prevent them to a
great extent from coming back to us. While
they are cheap we ought to allow them to flow
back if they will.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am very sorry, indeed,
to detain the Senate even lor a moment beyond
their desire to come to a vote, and I hope that
a vote will soon be reached. But from what
I can judge I feel that all you save by this sec-
tion you lose, and more too. If you think that
you save one half of one per cent., or can make
yonr. loan at one half of one per cent, less
interest by this provision, it will cost you a
considerable amount more than that. That is
my judgment j-atid 'from the statement of the
honorable Senator from Oregon [Mr. Corbett]
and of other Senators it is quite conclusive that
such would be the effect.
Bat what I rose more particularly to say was
in reference to the remark made by the hon-
orable Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,]
that in the event of specie payments the trans-
fer of gold from this coantry to the European
continent would be less inimical to trade than
at the present time. Now, the reverse of that
is certainly the faot, for gold to-day is simply
a commodity. Take simply the price of your
paper in gold after gold shall have become
money,and its effect upon the money market;
it will affect its stringency or plentifulness. It
will be crushing then. It will be now merely
an alteration of a few per cent, in the rate of
depreciation of your paper. You cannot carry
on your business successfully a day with that
hanging over yon in the event of specie pay-
ments. It would be one of the most cruel and
suicidal conditions with which acountry could
be persecuted; it would be the terrible inflic-
tion of sending away its blood and vital
power, that which gives to it its strength and
vitality.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would ask the Senator,
suppose there are $1,000,000,000 of these
bonds held abroad, the interest payable in
coin, how is it to be paid except by taking gold
out of the country for that purpose ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is not to be taken out
at once ; but when the coupons are called for
at a certain date you must have your gold there
ready to pay them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is an assumption
which I controverted throughout. I say there
is no reason for supposing that this gold will
accumulate and be transferred at once in bulk.
The Government of the United States can
make its arrangements during the entire six
months before this money becomes due to pay
it; and a gradual accumulation of money in
Europe may be made for that purpose, so that
there would be no transfer of $25,000,000 at
once from this country to Europe.
Moreover, I would ask the Senator if the
Government of the United States could not
sell exchange in Europe upon this country?
Suppose that $100,000,000 of exchange was
sold by the Government in Frankfort, that
$100,000,000 there would be placed to our
credit; and can we not buy exchange here
against that? Why could not this business be
transacted in that way? There are a great
many ways in which this business can be trans-
acted without supposing that the Government
i3 going to allow $25,000,000 to accumulate
here and then on a given day, by a particular
ship, $25,000,000 be transferred to Europe
every six months.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, yonr gold
will go forward if the balance of trade is
against you. Now, taking the nine months
ending to-day, the balance of trade has been
against you to the amount of fifty million dol-
lars or upward, and growing every year.
Your imports in the last nine months in-
creased $60,000,000, and your exportations
decreased $40,000,000. In that state of the
case what will be the exchange with your gold
now going abroad ? It does not matter whether
it goes abroad in the form of bills of exchange
or whether it goes by ship. It is there when
sent in the form of a bill of exchange, and
affects the money market of the country just
as much as if it were sent in so much coin.
Mr. THURMAN. I am perfectly satisfied
that we cannot get a vote. I move that we
adjourn.
Several Senators. We can get a vote
now.
Mr. HOWELL. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Finance Committee what amount
of interest we shall have to send abroad under
this bill?
Mr. THURMAN. I call the Senator to
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
pending question, and a motion to adjourn is
not debatable.
Several Senators. Let us have a vote.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will allow us to vote on this question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us vote down the
motion to adjourn, and then proceed with the
bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I withdrew the motion
to adjourn once with the understanding that
when the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Cor-
bett,] who claimed the right to close the
debate on this question to strike out the fifth
section, should have made his remarks we
would then take the vote, but we have had two
speeches since.
Mr. CONKLING. Try it once more.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, if it is the under-
standing now that there is to be no more speak-
ing, and that the vote will be taken at once, I
withdraw the motion again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ore-
gon, to strike oat the fifth section ; and npoti
this question the yeas and nays have bee n
ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to state that Mr.
Kellogg and Mr. McCreery are paired on
this bill, but they would both vote to strike out
this section as it originally stood.
The result was announced—yeas 29, nays
11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Cameron,
Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Fenton,
Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe,
Howell, Johnston, Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Pratt,
Ramsey, Rosa, Sehurz, Sprague, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurman, Trumbull, and Wilson—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony. Edmunds, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Rice, Sherman, Tipton,
Vickers, Warner, and Williams—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Carpen-
ter, Cattell. Cragin, Davis, Drake, Ferry, Fowler,
Hamilton, Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery, McDonald,
Norton, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Revels,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott,Spencer,Stew-
art, Thayer,Willey, and Yates—29.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Several Senators. Oh, no. Let us go on.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 17, noes 23.
Mr. CAMERON. I was requested by my
colleague, who is not present this evening, to
offer an amendment. It will take but a moment.
Mr. CHANDLER. While the Senator is
looking for his amendment I would suggest, to
bring the section in harmony with the bill as it
now stands, that in the sixth section, line three,
after the word " States" the words "and in
Europe" should be stricken out, and also the
words "and in Europe," in line seven of the
same section.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that amendment i9
adopted we might as well lay the bill on the
table. As a matter of course that is the end
of it. The authority to employ agents in
Europe is quite a different thing from the
authority to pay our bonds in the currency of
Europe. As a matter of course, if you do not
propose to employ agents in Europe to nego-
tiate this loan, you might as well abandon it
at once. The questions are entirely distinct.
The word "such" in the third line of this sec-
tion ought to be stricken out, because the
word "such" there perhaps refers to the
agents in the preceding section. The section
reads:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized to appoint such agents in the
United States and in Europe, &c.
; I suppose it is all right. It refers to what
1 follows.
J Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw the amend-
! ment.
Mr. CAMERON. I am requested by my
colleague to offer an amendment to strike out
section six of the amendment reported by the
Finance Committee, and in lieu thereof to
insert the following:
And be it further enacted, That no percentage, de-
duction, commission, or compensation of any amount
or kind shall be allowed to any person for the salo,
negotiation, or exchange of any bonds or securities
of the United States authorized to be sold or ex-
changed by this act; but the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall appoint some proper officer or officers of
his Department to make suoh sale or negotiation of
bonds, and all exchanges or sales of the bonds of the
United States made under this act shall be made by
inviting the competition of the public, by advertis-
ing for proposals for any such exchanges or sales,
which shall be awarded publicly to the best bidder
or bidders, the Secretary of the Treasury reserving
the right to reject any suoh bids should he deem it
; to the public interest to do so.
! Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing to take the
] question on that amendment without any debat".
The amendment to the amendment wa3
rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend section
eight, line fifteen, after the word "act," by
inserting the words—
And any such banking association may, on *u®h
terms as may be prescribed by the Secretary of tne
Treasury, exchange its bonds now deposited as secu-
: j rity under said act for bonds issued tinder this ac*
li for the purpose aforesaid.
