2742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
laws of such State, and that the government of such
State is unable to suppress the perpetration of such
acts of violence or obstruction, it shall bo the duty of
the President to send into such State such number of
the troops of the United States as may be necessary
for thesuppression of such acts of violence or obstruc-
tion, and tho subjugation and dispersion of such
organizations and combinations; and the officcr com-
manding such troops, upon arriving in tho county or
district where such organizations or combinations
shall have been represented to exist, shall declare
martial law over'such county ordistrict, with suspen-
sion of the writ of habeas corpus, if such suspension be
authorized by the President, and shalltakoall meas-
ures known to martial law for the suppression of such
organizations and combinations, and the punishment
of parties engaged therein, and shall hold and main-
tain military jurisdiction over all persons arrested
by his order until their cases shall bo finally disposed
of; and shall proceed to levy upon and collect from
the inhabitants of such county or district a sum of
money, sufficient to pay tho expenses of the trans-
portation of such troops from tho point whence they
wero ordered to tho point of their operations in such
county or district, and all other expenses of his com-
mand, except pay and clothing, while such command
shall be there stationed for the purpose aforesaid.
And this soction shall apply to any case where the
President may have heretofore sent a military force
into any State, upon the request of the Legislature
or Governor thereof, for tho suppression of domestic
violence. And if the Army of tho United States shall
be so stationed or employed as that it cannot, in tho
judgment of the President, be advantageously used
for this service, he shall call out and organize a suf-
ficient number of the militia of States which have
not at any time been in armed hostility to the United
States to accomplish such suppression; and tho pro-
visions of this section shall apply to the militia so
called out and organized.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I should hope
that I might, be able to secure the attention of
the Senate this morning during the time which
I shall find it necessary to take in order to
assign the reasons for the framing and present-
ation of this amendment in the form in which
it has now been read.
I do not propose to make a speech on the
Georgia question. The Senate will bear me
witness that ever since the Virginia bill was
passed I have abstained almost entirely from
occupying the time and attention of the body
upon questions of reconstruction. I am going
to speak to this amendment. I admit that the
proposition contained in it is extraordinary;
but I claim that the circumstances to which it
to apply are extraordinary. When before
i n the history of this Government have we known
any such circumstances? When before in the
history of any Government of modern times,
in Europe or America, have we known of such
circumstances as, in my judgment, call for tho
enactment of this provision?
I spoak advisedly when I make the broad
declaration implied in these questions, and I
would appeal to the knowledge of history of
every Senator on this floor to point to the time
and place when and where such a condition of
things has existed in the history of modern
civilized nations as we find existing now in the
lately rebel States? I have sought in history for
something of a parallel to the organized atrocity,
outrage, arson, and murder which exist now
in those States. I find it nowhere in history but
in connection with one other organization which
ought to give a name to this, more intelligible
and more suggestive than that outlandish con-
glomeration of consonants put together in the
word "Kuklux." There is something like it
in history, and I will read it, and then we shall
see as I go on whether I am not right in say-
ing that only in the organization in regard to
which I am about to read a few sentences can
be found anywhere the parallel of the Kuklux
Klaus of the South. I read a brief description
of the Thugs of India:
"Thugs, a sect of assassins in India, now nearly
exterminated by tho British Governmont. Their
atrocious practices were not followed so much for
tho sake of plunder, or for the gratification of a
malicious nature, as from rebgious^motives. They
were the worshipers of tho goddess Ivali, the divinity
who presided over impure loves, sensual indulgences,
ami deaih. Ono of tho sacrul books of the Hindoos
the second grade, tho Kalika Puranavdescribes
their pmotiees with the utmost accuracy. Themem-
hera of the sect belong to all the different castes, and
c:ioh ha* its functions to perform. The gangs were
from thirty to three hundred in number, find they
were divided into vanousclawses under &junadar or
sirdar, their leader, and a guru, or teacher. The
classes were the spies, who were learners; bhuftotes,
straaglers; sothaa, entrappers, who were sometimes
women; and lughaecs, or grave-diggers. They usually
assumed the dress of merchants or pilgrims, and often
craved tho protection of those whom they intended
to destroy. Their usual instrument of destruction
was the handkerchief, or rumal, with which, by a
dexterous? movement, they strangled their victims.
The spies having informed them of the particulars
relative to the route, habits, and circumstances of
their intended victims, the members of the gan< 
traveled in such lines as to be near each other, and
the entrappers by artful management attracted them
to a spot remote from dwellings, where tho stranglors
executed their office; and having stripped them of
whatever they possessed, the grave-diggers buried
them, with such precautions as generally to prevent
discovery."—American Cyclopedia, vol. 15, p. 459.
With the single exception of religious mo-
tive, which this writer speaks of as belonging
to the Thugs of India, we have a description
here of the Kuklux of the rebel States. They
should be called hereafter the American Thugs.
Do they belong in any particular spot in the
southern States exclusively? No, sir; they
are in organized bands throughout that whole
devoted region. They are to be found in every
State there. Senators have risen here who
come from those States and told the Senate
and the country what these men are engaged
in and how it is that they make the liv&s and
persons of loyal men in that region unsafe by
day and by night. The Senator from North
Carolina on my left [Mr. Abbott] the other
day told the Senate that these things could be
proven, not by newspaper articles, not by
loose statements, but by legal evidence under
oath. The other Senator from North Caro-
lina on my right, [Mr. Pool,] in a specch of
very marked ability, such as is rarely heard in
this Senate Chamber, repeated the statements.
The Senator from Texas [Mr. Hamilton] bore
testimony to the character of these organized
bands in the South. Sir, I am sorry to say
that there are Senators on this floor, who have
never been brought in contact with rebel pop-
ulation at all, who will not listen to or hear
these authentic statements coming from that
region. North of us, where they never knew
anything of the rebellion but to see soldiers
marshaled for its suppression, where they were
never brought into personal contact with a
rebel, they say it is impossible that such things
can exist; and a leading northern paper in the
city of New York the other day threw a sneer
at the statements of the Senator from Texas,
calling them *4unsupported assertions."
Mr. President, the Senator of the United
States who sits in his seat and hears other
Senators from the South state all these wrongs
and refuses to give credence to those state-
ments, and under the dictate of that refusal of
credence votes against measures which are to
protect southern men from the shedding of their
blood, will some time find that blood sticking to
his skirts. What are we here for as Senators
from all the States of the Union but to commu-
nicate to each other accurate and reliable
information of the condition of things in our
respective States? When a Senator from the
South tells us of the horrid outrages and
wrongs to which the loyal people of the South
are subjected, and we turn a deaf ear to him,
how can we justify it? Suppose the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] makes a statement
with regard to financial matters in that State,
does not the Senate accept his statement of
fact? Suppose that the Senator from Illinois,
| Mr. Trumbull,] who upon the first presenta-
tion of this amendment denounced it as
monstrous, gives to the Senate a statement of
fact with regard to the condition of things in
Illinois in connectionwithsomesubject of legis-
lation, is not the Senate bound to take his state-
ment as true? And so when Senators from
southern States tell us, every one of them, that
the horrid condition of things exists there which
has been here described, how can we, nay, how
dare we refuse to believe them?
But, Mr. President, all has not been told
here yet by those Senators. I have some facts
which have not yet been brought out. Before I
bring them out 1 will take leave to say to the Sen-
ate that if they were made known to this body
as existing in Massachusetts, or New York, or
Michigan, or Iowa, there would be one unan-
imous uprising of the Senate to overthrow the
perpetrators and to avenge the wrongs. They
are entitled to consideration as well when they
come from the South as if they came from the
North, and I am determined that the case shall
be so plainly made out, so completely shown
before the Senate and the country, that no
man who has intellect and conscience will dare
to close his eyes against it.
Before I present to tho Senate some other
matters, I send to the Secretary to be read a
letter from a gentleman in North Carolina,
occupying a high position, whose name I dare
not make known on the floor of the Senate for
fear that the promulgation of it in connection
with this letter might cost him his life.
The Secretary read as follows:
March 20,1S70.
My Dear Sir: Your favor of tho 17th has been
received. Wo all feel satisfied that our members of
Congress are alive to tho situation and are doing
what they can to give protection to our people. But
it seems to bo difficult to get some of our northern
friends to understand our condition. The violations
of law of which you hear are not exaggerated; in-
deed you do not hear of half of them. What is the
remedy? Tho civil law? It is true we have all tho
machinery of civil law; we can arrest, we can try,
but we cannot convict. There have been no convic-
tions in Lenoir or Jones; there has been no arrest
even in Alamanco or Orange. One sympathizer with
tho Kuklux on a jury will prevent conviction. Loyal
jurors aro not prompt to convict because of tho fear
of consequences. But there is no difficulty in con-
victing white Republicans or colored people. When
men are whipped and hanged, and women are stripped
of their hair and otherwiso insulted; when lawless-
ness and the fear of it prevail insomuch that tiie
victims are afraid to complain; and when sheriffs and
magistrates aro torpid or in sympathy with the law-
breakers, and grand juries ignore bills, and the
judges and solicitors arc powerless, as in the case of
Alamance, what is to be done? I do not mean to say
that repectable women are thus treated, butrhat the
cowards single out the abandoned on tho plea that
they are intimate with negroes. But the women and
children of good families in certain localities are kept
in a constant state of terror, especially at night.
A friend in Alamance writes me that at night,
when tho devils are expected, ho has to hold his little
children in his arras to quiet their fears,they fearing
that "father" wiii bo whipped or hanged betoremorn-
ing, and that the approach of nightseems to him like
the shadow of death. There is but ono remedy, and
that is the suspension of the habeas corpus and mil-
itary courts. Our constitution you know forbids tho
suspension of the writ. Tho Governor cannot vio-
late that instrument by establishing military courts.
The most ho can do is to ferret out the criminals
through detectives and make the arrests, as in Jones
and Lenoir. If tho President could establish a mil-
itary court in Alamance, convict some of these men
of murder, and have them shot, and send others to
tho penitentiary, we should soon have a great calm
in North Carolina, and the effect would be most ben-
eficial in the Statessouth of us. Congress can author-
ize this. Our loyal people look to Congress for help,
nnd they aro asking if we indeed haven Government
atWashmgton. Theyaskthisintheirfearandagony,
and not because they aro not attached to the Gov-
ernment. They love the Governmont as intenpely
as any of the millions north of the Potomac. They
umy be forced into silcnco or swept along in the tor-
rent, as they were in 1861, but they and tho eolored
people will never in their hearts desert the Govern-
ment, even though it should forsake them.
Indeed, general, this whole thing is political, and
our condition resembles what it was in 1860. A ma-
jority of our white peopledeprecateand deplore this
state of things; but the cry44 You areanigger man,"
or "You are a scalawag or a carpet-bagger," is a5?
potent as the cry was in I860. 44 You are a Lmcolnite
and a traitor." The active Kuklux are, for the most
part, young men who held bomb-proof positions dur-
ing the rebellion, and men formerly overseers of
slaves. Many familes no doubt tolerate them and
oven appear to approve their conduct from fear.
Sharp, prompt action would uissolve this spell and
restore order.
Many Democrats would in their hearts rejoice at
such action. There is no danger ot bloodshed if the
Government will act promptly; but if it should not,
bloodshed is inevitable. Theinsulted aud theinjured
will turn and fight. They ought to and they will.
Our loyal people intend to have tree discussion on the
stump next maimer, and they intend to vote. Bat,
it the Government should not interpose with its
strong arm and make examples of wicked men, blood •
shed will follow these di&eusaions and this fixed re-
solve to vote. I trust Mr. Drake's amendment will
pass. It is wise and proper and necessary.
Hon. Joseph C. Abbott.
Mr. DEAIvE. Mr. President, that is the
general statement. I know that it comes from
a man who knows what he is writing about,
whose official position requires him to know
the facts, and who would make no statement
