1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in good faith impose any further conditions on
the State of Virginia. H says that we agreed
to accept her as she is substantially, and that
it would be bad faith in us not to carry out the
compact. Now, Mr. Speaker, that is a serious
allegation. But to show you how much founda-
tion there is for that allegation I shall read the
seventh section of the act under which we au-
thorized the President to submit the question
of the constitution of the three States, Virginia,
Mississippi, and Texas, to the people. The
closing provision is this:
"That the proceedings in any of such States shall
not be deemed final or operative as a complete res-
toration thereof until their action shall be approved
by Congress."
Now, the gentlemen say in face of this pro-
vision that we are guilty of bad faith to the peo-
ple of Virginia if we impose further conditions
which we deem essential for the security of the
people of Virginia and the security of the nation.
There is a reservation, and we are standing upon
that reservation and imposing upon Virginia
conditions such as we have imposed upon all
the States which we have admitted under our
reconstruction laws, with the single excep-
tion of the State of Tennessee, which we were
deluded into admitting without any conditions
under the leadership of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] as I have before said.
We are told, sir, of the glory of the Old Do-
minion, its honor, its power, its history; we are
told that the old State of Virginia was a grand
old State—the State of Madison, of Washing-
ton, of Henry, of Pendleton, of Randolph, of
Monroe. Those men gave us the Constitution;
those men were for union and for the Govern-
ment; those men pulled down the Confedera-
tion and built up the Federal Union. But their
sons have degenerated. There came another
epoch, another era of blood and carnage; there
came the time when McClellan retreated down
the peninsula when Virginia's hands were at
the nation's throat; there came a time when
the hostile power of Virginia hung like a cloud
over your capital.
There came a time when Virginia's sons, led
on by Lee and Stonewall Jackson, threatened
the nation's life. There came a time when rebels
took possession of the State government of
Virginia. There came another time, thank
God, when the rebel army was overthrown
and Virginia lay prostrate at the nation's feet.
Then we demanded of her guarantees that
would protect her people ; then we proposed
to protect the loyal men of that State by dis- j
tinct enactments. The " first iamilies" reject- j
ed provision after provision that was submit- j
ted to them. The "first families" stood de- .
fiant and furious until Grant was elected and
the Republican party took triumphant posses-
sion of the Government, and then-they cringed
around the knees of power and begged to be
let in on such terms as they might prescribe.
T tell you, Mr. Speaker, while I do not intend
to be uncharitable, I have no faith in rebels
of this generation. I believe, with few excep-
tions, they respect and fear but one thing, and
Shat is the power of this Government; and
while we have got that power, I would insist
:qjon enforcing it. And now, sir, when Stone-
wall Jackson and Lee and the confederate
congress have been swept away we stand upon
the ruins of the old State government, we
fropose to build it up and cement it in fund-
amental law upon the eternal principles of
light, justice, and equity, that all men shall be
protected in the right to the ballot and the jury-
box ; and we propose to petrify those rights in
their constitution, so that when storms shall
come hereafter they cannot be lost or over-
whelmed ; that treason mayraise itshydrahead
no more : that the land of Washington, Jeffer-
son, and 'Madison may be restored with a true
republican government lo its old place in the
Union, there to remain forever, realizing the
hope that inspired those heroic men when they
dared and achieved so much to obtain our
nui ion a! independence; thattheUnion of these
States should last for many centuries to come, j
securing to all men within its borders the price- |
less blessings of civil and religious liberty. i
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker  ;
Mr. WARD. I will yield for three minutes I
to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Bto- ;
DETT.] • !
Mr. LOGAN. Well, Sir. Speaker, I have j
but one word to say 
Mr. BURDETT. I hope it will not betaken
out of my time.
Mr. LOGAN. What! have got to say isthis:
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ward]
had taken his seat without yielding to anybody
when I addressed the Chair. That is the fact
about it. As his courtesy is not to be extended
to me I demand my rights under the rules of
the House.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair had not recog-
nized thegentleman fromlllinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. WARD. I had not yielded the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. You had sat down.
Mr. WARD. I would be glad to extend any
courtesy to the gentleman from Illinois, but I
have agreed to give the balance of my time to
other gentlemen ; that is all.
The SPEAKER. That is an arrangement
with which the Chair had nothing to do. He
recognizes whoever the gentleman yields to.
Mr. BURDETT. In the three minutes allot-
ted to me I cannot undertake to discuss the
constitutional theories which surround this
great question, nor need I. They have been
settled for at least three yeurs and a half so j
far as they can ttffecl the case of Virginia, and j
all that has been said upon this floor in relation j
to the general features of this bill has been but j
the same thing said over that has been well
said many and many a time before. Occasion,
however, has been found once more to denounce
the Union men of the South under the specious
name of ''carpet-baggers," and once more
occasion has been taken, while speaking of
Virginia, to denounce the agents of the Freed-
men's Bureau, those ministers of a nation's
forgiving bounty, whose hands gave food and
clothing to the widows and fatherless of the
rebellion. There has been much of " plaintive
melody" upon this floor over the greatness and
grandeur of the Virginia of the past, and upon
this side of the House as well as upon the other
gentlemen have pointed, to the glorious history
of the Old Dominion. Mr. Speaker, lam not
insensible to the melting mood, but when I
cast my eyes toward that State I see the gaunt
forms of Belle Isle and Libby, and my soul
refuses to take up that refrain and my voice
will not respond to that chorus.
Sir, the name and fame of the Virginia of
George Washington is the jewel most prized
by the American heart; but I object, sir, to
bespattering that great name and that great
fame by comparisons with the Virginia of
Robert E. Lee, of Henry A. Wise, and Mr.
Walker.
Mr. Speaker, I shall support this bill; not
that I think it perfect in itself, not that I am
satisfied that the recitals of its preamble are
all true, but because I fear that it is the best
that can now be done. My major objection to
the measure is tha-t it does not at least attempt
the provision within its own recitals of some
punitive clause or sanction by which any dis-
regard of its provisions might meet with prompt
question and punishment. This surely might
be accomplished, so far as the oath required to
be taken is concerned, by a provision subject-
ing the false taker thereof or an attempt to
exercise the duties of office without taking it
to indictment and punishment in the courts of
the United States. Of the constitutional power
of Congress to exact the conditions of this bill
there cun now be no question. If no such
power does exist, then the legislation of the |
| Congress of the United States has from the !
commencement of its exercise down to the ,
present moment, as well in times of peace j
when the judgment of our legislators remained j
unclouded by the perils of a threatened disso- '
lution of the Union, as when during the prog-
ress of rebellion their patriotism was quickened
by an appalling danger, been mistaken and
violative of the fundamental law, and the courts
set in guardianship over the rights of the peo-
ple have failed to discharge their high duties.
The contrary view has to-day and on all similar
occasions been argued almost solely from tie
profitless questioning as to whether rebels in
arms pursued their deadly purpose of over-
throw within States of the Union or Territories
of the Union.
The great fact that loyal State governments
were totally destroyed; that all semblance of
political relationship with the United States
was in fact wiped out; that the intention to
destroy the Union was never voluntarily aban-
doned, but only repressed by violence, by force,
by war, seems in the mind of the Opposition to
bear no relation to the question of either the
duty or the power of Congress in their dealings
with the question of readmission; The condi-
tions of the bill against which so strong objec-
tion is urged by those on the other side of the
House, and in which they find echo and com-
fort on this side of the Chamber, are but the
utterance of principles which have laid at the
very foundation of all our reconstruction meas-
ures, and without the enforcement of which* as
to States already admitted here as well as to
those to be admitted, progress in the-actual
return of States would, not have been permit-
ted. The equality of all men before the law,
equal participation in the duties and benefits
of citizenship, are the shibboleth of the new
nation. Protection for the individual, peace
for the household, equality in the State to-day
and forever we have demanded alike for our
friends and our foes. From our foes we have
accepted the promise, and too often the mere
promise, of compliance with these terms in lieu
of confiscation and that retribution which it was
our right to inflict, but which it has been the
pleasure of a magnanimous people to forego,
save only in Tennessee; and our failure of duty
there now confronts us with the impending
infamies of rebeldomination. We have exacted
from all who have been received back to- our
communion the conditions recited in this act..
Their wisdom and necessity have been vouched
for by the developments of time; the policy of
requiring them has been sustained by the peo-
ple. The oath required is but a monition to
Virginia that there is a fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution. If omitted in the bill it
would be comprised in the simple oath, which,
fur decency's sake, we hope may be taken by
official personages in Virginia, and especially
by her legislators, "to support, protect,'and
defend the Constitution of the United States."
The onslaught which has been made on this
particular provision could not have been in-
duced by any real objection to the oath itself in
the mind of those who hold heart}' fealty to the
fourteenth amendment. I interpret it in the
light of the fact that on this floor and at the
other end of the Capitol gentlemen of the mi-
nority do not hesitate to declare the opinion
that by reason of the absence of the repre-
sentatives of certain States from the floors of
Congress when this amendment was proposed
there has not been in fact a valid ratification
of this amendment, and therefore that there
exists no authority in Congress to impose the
condition. To my mind the existence of such
a sentiment presages nought but ill for the
future of the Republic.
Sir, if there is to be found any monument
of progress, any evidence in the political his-
tory of the times compensating for_ the ma-
terial devastations we have suffered, it is to be
found in the several amendmentsto the Con-
stitution, ratified and proposed, which mark the
dawning on the national mind of-the fact that
the great truths of the Declaration of inde-
pendence were something more than glitter -
ing generalities." The evidence of a dispo-
sition either to nullify their plain purpose or
avoid their requirements ought to excite alarm.
