1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5575
in Galveston, now abandoned by United States
troops, and ordered to be sold at public auc-
tion under the direction of the Quartermaster
General, are donated to the city of Galveston
for the purpose of aiding the city in holding
mechanical, agricultural, and horticultural
fairs; but no title to the grounds on which the
buildings, &c., are situated is conveyed, or any
authority to destroy or demolish them.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
makgaiiet p. robinson.
Mr. DAVIS. T call for the regular order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reg-
ular order is the joint resolution (H. R. No.
224) for the relief of Mrs. Margaret P. Robin-
son, of Kentucky. That joint resolution is be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
the pending question being on the motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Scmker,]
to recommit the joint resolution to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Before this vote is taken
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
the precise attitude of this question. I intro-
duced this morning a letter from an eminent
citizen of Kentucky, for whose character I
vouch, and whose testimony nobody here can
impeach. Notwithstanding the ardent phrases
of my friend, the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Puatt,] he will allow me to say that the writer
of Lhis letter is a gentleman beyond all ques-
tion. lie writes to me in the public interest,
and because he has knowledge of the facts,
such as living in the neighborhood enables
him to have, which he thinks important for the
Senate to know. He says:
" What representations and proofs have been made
to secure the passage of this resolution T know not;
but none could have been truthfully made that
would havesecurcd its passage. The claim is utterly
destitute of merit. Mr. Robinson in his life-timo
received at least as much as the fee-simple title to
the land was worth, and it is now worth as much as
it ever was. The whole history of this claim ought
to be known to the Senate committee. Ido notwrite
this for any other purpose than to suggest the pro-
priety of investigation. I do not offer any statement
of mine as evidence. As the confidential agent of
the Government, I have had to refuse to indorse
this claim, much to the displeasure of Mrs. Ilohm-
son."
There is what I call testimony, and the writer
properly says that the whole history of this
claim ought to be known to the Senate com-
mittee ; and he says that this party has already
received as much as the land is worth.
Under these circumstances, I simply dis-
charge a public duty, having no personal inter-
est in this question whatever, when I ask that
the whole case shall be referred again to the
committee, that in the light of this debate
and this statement they may make a further
inquiry.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to recommit, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cole, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Sherman, Sumner, Tipton, and Williams 7.
NAYS—Messis. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman. Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Casseriv, Corbett, David, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harris, Johnston, Kellogg,
Lewis, McCrecry, McDonald, Nye, Osborn, 1 om-
eroy, Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Ros. , bdwyer, bcott,
Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman,
Trumbull, and Willey—?>2. ^ ,
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Browniow,
Carpenter. Cattell, Chindler, Conkling, Uagin,
Drake, Edmunds, Fenton,Ferry, Flanagan, Hamlm,
Harlan, lloward, Howe, Howell, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson, -tool, itam-
sey, Revels, Saulsburv. Scburz, rlhayer, Viekers,
Warner, Wilson, and l'ates—32.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
.710 Alt U 31 ATKINS.
Mr. WILLEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 335.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 335) for the relief of Jearum Atkins was
considered as in Committee oTthe Whole. It
authorizes the Commissioner of Patents to
entertain and exercise jurisdiction over the
petition of Jearum Atkins for an extension of
letters-patent granted to him on the 1st day of
December, 1862, for a further term of seven
years, from the 1st day of December, 18G6, and
to hear and determine upon the petition in the
same manner and with the same effect as if the
original term of the patent had not expired,
and to grant or refuse such extension upon the
same principles that govern his decisions upon
such applications when made in due course of
law. But before granting any extension upon
the petition the Commissioner is to be satisfied
that the same will inure to the sole benefit of
Atkins. No person is to be held liable for the
infringement of a patent, if extended, for mak-
ing use of the invention since the expiration-
of the original term of the patent and prior to
the date of its extension.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
vassar college.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to take up for con-
sideration House bill No. 2354.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill (H.
R. No. 2354) for the reliel'of Vassar College was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that upon the devises and bequests
made to Vassar College by thelastwilland testa-
ment of Matthew Vassar, deceased, of Pough-
keepsie, Dutchess county, in the State of New
York,bearingdate the3ddayofFebruary, 18C8,
there shall neither be assessed nor collected
any tax as for a legacy or succession, and the
sum, if already assessed, shall be remitted and
released.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer an amend-
ment, to insert the following:
And the amount of the tax upon the devise or be-
quest made by the last will and testament, and the
codicil thereof, of Silas Bronson, late of the State of
New York, dec-eased, for the purpose of establishing
a free public library in the city of Waterbury, Con-
necticut, for the promotion of the education, intelli-
gence. and general information of its inhabitants,
shall be, and is hereby, remitted, and shall be re-
funded to the Bronson Library Association of said
W aterbury.
Mr. BAYARD. Let me say to my hon-
orable friend from Connecticut that the prop-
osition he seeks to put upon this bill is some-
thing totally different from anything heretofore
adopted by Congress. The resolutions in favor
of the exemption of these charities for educa-
tional, religious, and other beneficial purposes
have never yet extended to the refunding of
taxes already paid. Congress has stopped upon
that and never yet has granted it. The attach-
ment of this amendment to the present bill,
which is for exempting a charity from tax where
the tax has been levied and assessed but not
yet collected, will defeat it. I would further
say to my honorable friend that at the present
session, and upon thegeneral bill to reduce tax-
ation, which passed Congress to-day under a
report of a committee of conference, there is
a provision exempting all charities from the
succession tax, but not where the tax has been
paid that it shall be refunded. I ask my hon-
orable friend to withdraw his amendment sim-
ply because it will destroy the effect of this
beneficent measure, without doing him any
good whatever.
Mr. BUCKING-HAM. I should be very
sorry to defeat the bill now before the Senate ;
but I supposed the two cases were precisely
alike except that in one Gase the tax had been
paid and in the other not. In the case where
the tax has been paid the estate of the devisor
has paid taxes to the amount of over forty
thousand dollars for the bequest, and it seems
very reasonable that this tax should be re-
mitted.
Mr. BAYARD. I will state that this bill
has already passed the House of Representa-
tives, and its passage here will make it a law.
Will he not withdraw the amendment under
the circumstances?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will not press it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Trum-
bull in the chair.) The amendment is with-
drawn.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression- is that
the general tax law covers the very ease. It
only passes the same law twice.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clintox Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 936) to provide for the compensa-
tion of grand and petit jurors in the circuit and
district courts of the United States, and for
other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 1047) to extend
letters-patent granted to John Bachelder, with-
out amendment.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
382) granting eight pieces of condemned can-
non to the Ladies' Soldiers' Monument Asso-
ciation of the city of Bridgeport, Connecticut,
for the erection of a soldiers' monument, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
lands in st. clair county, illinois.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to make a couple
of reports from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and ask to have the bills con-
sidered at this time. They will cause no debate,
I presume. The first bill I report is the bill
(H. R. No. 303) to confirm the title to certain
lands in Illinois.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to grant the title of
the United States to all lots, out-lots, tracts,
pieces, parcels, and strips of laud in St. Clair
county, State of Illinois, lying and situate out-
side of the United States surveys as noted in
the field-notes of the United States surveyors,
and on the Mississippi river near surveys seven
hundred and sixty-six, six hundred and twenty-
four, and five hundred and seventy-nine, and
near and adjacent to fractional sections one,
two, eleven, and twelve, town one north, range
ten west, third principal meridian, to St. Clair
county, in that State; but nothing in the act is
to apply to the ancient French commons in that
county.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
stephen 5iarston.
Mr. WILLTAMS. I am also instructed by
the same committee, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. II. No. 183) directing the.
Commissioner of the General Land Office to
issue a patent to Stephen Marston. of Hart-
ford, State of Connecticut, conveying to the
said Marston the lands described in said res-
olution, to report it back without amendment.
I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. The preamble re-
cites that Stephen Marston is in possession of
a certain piece or parcel of land in fractional
section five, in township thirteen north, of
range five east, in Bay county, State of Mich-
igan, being part of the middle ground in Sagi-
naw river, Michigan, described as follows, to
wit: commencing at a point where the north
line of section five intersects the east bank of
the middle ground, said point being located
forty-one chains and fourteen links east of the
northwest corner of section five; running
thence west on the township line seven e'hains
