1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2743
that could not be fully substantiated. The
honorable Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Abbott] said, too, the other day that these
things could be substantiated by clear and un-
questionable proof.
But, sir, I "wish to bring other matter to the
attention of the Senate that has never been
brought here* before, matter which should
arouse every man's indignation. I have ob-
tained from the War Department a pamphlet
published at Newborn, North Carolina, trans-
mitted to the War Department by General
Terry, containing tbe testimony of witnesses
in a preliminary examination of certain pris-
oners on the charge of conspiracy, murder,
arson, &c., held before Hon. C. K. Thomas,
judge of the third judicial district of North
Carolina. This examination was held on the
81st of August, 1869. This book contains a
report of the testimony taken before that judge,
where three men who had been members of
the Kuklux Klan turned State's evidence and
made a clean breast of it, I am going to read
portions of their testimony, that the Senate and
country may know assuredly what is the char-
acter of this the most infernal organization of
modern times:
"GcorgoW. Tillou, a witness for the State, being
sworn, said:
"I am thirty-four years old; I am a late,resident
of Lenoir county; I have lived there since the close
of the war; I am a bridge-builder and butcher; have
been engaged in that business in the mean time; I
have been connected with an organization of which
the defendants were members; that organization was
i'ormed in Lenoir county about tho latter part of
March or the 1st of April in 1869; I became a mem-
ber of tho organization about that time, and was one
of the first ten that assisted in forming it."
« * $ # * « *. *
"I continued to operate with this organization
about two months. Atthetimelleftitithad about
seventy-five members. Frank Hill, EverettHil), Eg-
bert Hill, Benjamin Jones, Jackaline Parker, Alex-
ander Dawson, Jefferson Perry, and A. Munroq were
among the members who are now prisoners. I intro-
duced them for initiation. It was the duty of my
office. Some of them were initiated at Henry Croom/s
house, some in an old still-house back of his house,
rfome at William White's store at Kinston.and one
at the river bank, Mr. Hunter's residence. They
(the prisoners) wero all active members at tho time
I abandoned the organization. I administered tho
following oath, as near as I can recollect it: ' I sol-
emnly swear that I will never reveal anything that
litis transpired, or may transpire, in the order that I
am about to join, even should I not identify myself
therewith.' Questions asked before the oath is put:
'Bo you believe in a white man's government? Do
you promise to labor faithfully for the overthrow of
the party? ' Tho conductor fills up the blank,
and inserts * Republican/ A further oath is to tako
ii solemn obligation to resist by force of arms if n eces-
sary any aggression upon our legal rights. Thcro
was an oath taken to promise to obey all officers in
anything pertaining to the good of the organization.
The North, South, East, and West commanders each
administers a different oath."
Recall to your mind, sir, that in the descrip-
tion of the Thugs which I read to you it was
said that their gangs were divided into various
classes, and that the classes were, first, spies;
second, stranglers; third, entrappersj fourth,
grave-diggers j and so the Kuklux, it seems,
are divided into four divisions. There are
North, South, East, and West commanderies.
The evidence proceeds:
" The duty of the south commander is to adminis-
ter the first oath; the other commanders do the same
and give some signs and Secrets. I was present at
several meetings; we had a meeting on several Sat-
in days atCroom'soldstill-house; always there with
the exception of two meetings at William White's
store in Kinston,up-stairs, sccretly: we met at-Croom s
still-house in April and in May. There was business
done at the meeting in April; the members that came
together were nearly all armed with pistols and guns;
very few guns. Tile meeting was held in the after-
noon about three o'clock; when the members went
into session the outside guards were placed on their
posts—armed men, with orders to halt anybody not
able to stive the pass-word. Inthismeotingmeasures
were adopted for the killing of Colgrove and Wilkie.
The reason given for the killing of Colgrove was on
. (-jount of his participation in the arrest of Joel
thatwaslhe principal reason. Joclilines was
;i member of the organization at that time^ Wukie
wis supposed to be a detective trying to ferret out
< h e perpetrators of the bridge murder. The measures
that, wero adopted—members wore deputized to kill
tho men; fome volunteered; they were authorized
hy ihe meeting; those who were to do it wero told
tljat they would be protected. Ash Devanc moved
in open meeting to kill Colgrove and Wilkie. The
motion was nut and carried. The next morning I
met a party belonging to the organization returning
from Oolgrove's, who said tneyhad been there for
that purpose, but did not find him/'
I will inquire of the Senator from North
Carolina whether Colgrove was not the sheriff?
Mr. ABBOTT. He was the sheriff of the
county, and he was ultimately killed.
Mr, DRAKE. He was the sheriff of the
county, and because he participated in tbe
arrest of a man for crime who was one of this m
order, they meet together, deliberately pass i
resolutions to kill him, appoint a committee to
kill him, and kill him.
But, sir, that is not all. The testimony gees
on further :
"Meetings wero held weekly. They were always
armed assemblages. Tho meetings wero generally
in the day-time. At the next meeting the killing of
Colgrove was up again; it was the important ques-
tion. Othors to be killed wero Wilkie, Mowers.
Shepard, and others. A motion was offorod in this
meeting to kill Mowers, because ho was supposed to
be a detective. The motion was put and carried. All
the prisoners, or nearly all, wero present. The Hill
boys wero there—IVank Hill, Egbert Hill, Everett
Hill. Jefferson Perry and Benjamin Jones wore
present. The commanders present were Jesse Ken-
nedy, Ash Dcvane, and Zack Harper. The instruc-
tions were generally to get in the way of the sheriff
in case any member of the organization should como
to trial for an alleged offense, and acquit him, no
matter what the testimony which was offered was;
to go to the assistance of a comrade giving tho cry
or signals of distress at the risk of our lives. The?®
orders were given by the commanders. Getting in tho
way of the sheriff means hanging around tho courts
to get on the jury to acquit any members of the or-
ganization without any regard to the oath taken by
the juror. We wore under oath to go to the relief of
a comrade giving the cry of distress, which meant
when he wasgoing to jail or to trial; such was the
general understanding. Ihavo been called upon by
a lawyer belonging,'to the organization to get on a
jury for his benefit, thelawyer Mr. Munroebeiiig the
man, he expecting me to aequitthe prisoners without
regard to thooath of a iuror. AshDovane and llines
were imprisoned in the Lenoir county jail, on tho
night of tho 1st of May, lor stealing a mule. The
members took a solemn obligation to go to the relief
of a member in distress, which means in jail or to go
to trial; they were to assist him by gettingon the jury
or releasing him from jail by force if necessary."
Another witness testified as follows:
"Joseph P. Parrott, a witness for the Slate, was
sworn and questioned by A. S. Seymour, c^q.
"I was twenty-five years old tho 22d dnyoflnst
April. I live in Lenoir county, eight miles from
Kinston; have lived there since my birth; I am ac-
quainted with the prisoners at tho bar ; I have been
a member of an organization with them; it was
called the Constitutional Union Guard, commonly
known as the Kuklux Klan. I connected myselfwith
the organization, I think, on the evening of the
first Sunday in April last ; I was initiated on the
Sabbath." * - ' A *
"Ilcmct us behind Henry Cioom's still-house and
administered an oath; I think he had a sword on
and drew it; I'm certain of it; he first asked if wo
believed in a white man'sgoverpment; wo answered
that we did. lie asked us, somewhere in tho ceremony,
if we promised faithfully to labor for tho overthrow
of the Republican party; 1 don't recollect the oath;
he blindfolded each one of us with a handkerchief
and took us in the still-house; had us to knceldown
after we got in there and take a solemn obligation to
go to the rescue of a brother member, giving a cry of
distress, under any circumstances, even to the rjsk
of our own lives; to resist by force of arms, if neces-
sary, any aggression of our legal rights; to restore
this Government to the control of white men by force
of arms if necessary; after that we were told i o arise,
and I think Ash Devane presented us to the north
commander for instructions, which was Mr. A. Mun-
roe; he gave us instructions as to tho signs, cry of
distress, &c., also tho pass-words: then we were told
by Ash Dcvane, Xthink, that they received us as
brother members; in the oath it said to obey all
orders of all officers belonging to tho organization.
" I understood that it was my duty if I knew any-
thing going on against the regulators to inform the
south commander, who would call a meeting and
make preparations to meet them. I don't recollect
as there was any other business of importance; wo
had some whisky; we were insti acted that it was
our duty to assist oaeh«th r under any circumstances.
If any member was on trial in court it was our duty
to put ourselves in the way of the sheriff so as to gei,
on the jury and acquit him; if there wu? n member
in serious trouble, it was our duty to stand Ins bail,
so that he could make his escapc; we were instructed
that it should be our duty to prove an ahh lor any
member who was arrested charged with a crime, i
understood that if any officer instructed me to kill a
man who was opposing tho organization I ousht to
kill him. Jesse 0. Kennedy, south commander, or-
dered me and Ash Dcvane to kill a man and wc uiu
it; that man was James Grant; (xrant was a bad
man, and we knew that lie knew something ^aiuat
Korue of the members and we wanted to put mm out
of the way, fearing that he niignt be u.:ed as a wii-
ness against them; the instruction* at tne meeting
about murdering were given by the officers in open
meeting; when the meeting broke up about sunset
I went homo."
Here is the testimony of another witness;
Joseph Lassiter, being called by the State, was
questioned by W. J. Clarice, esq., and testified:
" I was twenty-two years old the 22d of last April.
I live in Greene county. I am a member of a secret
organization in Lenoir county. I joined in April,
1869. Somo called it the "Union Guards and somo
called it the Kuklux Klan. It was commonly called
tho Kuklux. Tho existence of the organisation was
not known outside the organization. Tho time and
places of meeting were not made known to the pub-
lic at largo. Tho meetings were held secretly. The
members attended the meetings armed. I never at-
tended but one meeting. Tbe object of the organ-
ization was to overthrow tho Radical party. They
had officers oalled south commander, north com-
mander, east commandor, and west commander;
they had a conductor and treasurer. Jesse C. Ken-
nedy, south commandcr, was tho head man at th*
time I joined." * * *
" We went behind tho still-house, and Mr. Tillou
came and asked if wo believed in a white man's
government, .1 told him 1 did; they blindfolded us
then, and took us in tho still-house and caused us
to kneel; wo then took nnoath; we put our hands
on the J_>ible; I cannot gtvo tho words of the oath:
as f'.ir as 1 remember it was to overthrow tho Radical
party, and to restore tho Government into the hands
of white men by tho force of arms, for our legal rights,
if necessary; to obey all orders of all officers. I un-
derstood that if I had orders out of the meeting as
well as in T was to obey them; anything said or done
in the meeting was to be kept secret. I took no other
oath; there was another oath to take, but I never
went back, I was instructed if any one was looking
for any of rho members to arrest .them to make it
known to an officerof tboKlan,orany other brother
member; the raombers were then to assist the mem-
ber who an ofiiccr was looking for; wo were to help
him by the law if wo could, if not, otherwise? I moan
bail him out, if wo could, if not, take him out; I
mean breakopenthojailandtakehimout; by being
in distress I mean if wc should get in jail or in dis-
tress in any way. Those instructions wore given in
public meeting, in tho hearing of all the members
assembled." - - " * * *
" i mean if they arrested anybody, to kill them,
and if they came with force to meet them with forco ;
I mean if they tried to arrest any one of tho Klan, to
kill them." H * * *' 1 understood
that if 1 bad been i old by an officer to kill my brother
or lather I should havo felt obliged to do it."
<; 'ii x C V #
" The oath was to obey all officers and do anything
they told you. C thought they would kill a fellow if
they did not obey the ofliecrs., I think they will kill
me i( they can; 1 cxpect to bo killed, sir; I don't
know who will do it; I fear nono that aro here, but
those up near my house say they will kill any fellow
who turns State's evidence."
All the men who testified in this case were
men who belonged to the order. They were
men who gave this testimony at the risk of
their lives, one of them declaring upon his
oath that he expected to be killed for giving it.
Now, sir, throughout the whole South that
order exists, bound by those ghastly obliga-
tions, bent upon that hideous and infernal work.
The State authorities are perfectly powerless
before them. Civil la\t is a mere cobweb made
only to be broken. The officers of the law
belong to and sympathize with these gangs. If
a sheriff be anything else they meet and vote
to kill him, and they do kill him. No jury can
be obtained that has not men of that order upon
it, any one of whom, as one of these witnesses
states, can prevent a conviction. If you get a
jury who are not of this order they dare not
convict for fear of their lives.
Mr. President, when such a condition of
tilings as this exists in any community, and is
not at, once put. down by the community, you
may know of a certainty that the great mass
of tho people are in sympathy with the perpe-
trators of the outrages. They could not exist
otherwise. I ask any Senator from New Eng-
land, for instance, could such a condition of
things as that exist for a single week in any
community in New England? Everyone ot
them would answer, no. He would tell you
that the whole mass of the population, male
and female, would rise with one impulse and
sween away the perpetrators of such ou^rago
from*among them in less than a single week.
Sir, it is a matter of fact which Senators may
refuse to hear, or hearing refuse to credit,
but it is nevertheless a stern and awful fact,
that these outrages exist in the southern States
because (he great mass of the people are in
sympathy with the perpetrators of them. When
