4632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
transmission of letters. But let us wait until
next January; let the committee in the mean
time perfect a system and give a substitute for
this franking privilege. This bill should not
be pressed now. I say it is inopportune; it is
the wrong time. The measure has not been
properly matured.
Senators say, " Cut off the abuse and adjourn,
and then we can provide the proper legislation
at another time." I am opposed to that kind
of legislation. I think it is wrong. Of course
every body expects to suffer for it if this meas-
ure is passed; but they say they want the peo-
ple to know that they were mistaken. The way
to heed the voice of the people is to examine
the subject and bring in a system which you
intend shall bo a reform. If you out off the
franking privilege I say it is the duty of Con-
gress to give some means by which information
can be disseminated among the people. Other-
wise your post office system is of but very little
value. You will not hear to any modification
of this measure at all; but you say that any-
body who desires to send speeches or public
documents or reports of Congress or reports
of the Secretary of the Treasury, or anything
of that kind for the information of the people,
where misstatements are being made, shall pay
the postage upon them.
Mr. HOWE. Take up a subscription.
Mr. STEWART. Take jip a subscription !
That is what they will do, and you will keep
taking up subscriptions. Take up a subscription
to counteract the monopoly that you are fos-
tering and allowing to grow ! Take up a sub-
scription to counteract the effect of the grand
agency'of communication which thePost Office
Department has not risen to the dignity of tak-
ing hold of! If you refuse to take possession
of the telegraph, the ordinary means of com-
munication, why not invite express companies
and allow them to carry the mails? Why not
give them that field, if the grand agent of com-
munication in this country is to be monopo-
lized? You will not even allow us the tardy
means of tho mail to send the antidote, to send
the facts to the country in answer to the mis-
representations by that source.
If this is to be done, I much prefer to abol-
ish the whole Post Office Department. It is
behind tho times. It is a failure. My friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumjter] might well
allude to England when he spoke of her reform
in the post office department. He might have
alluded to the greater reform which England
has inaugurated, of taking charge of the tele-
graphic wires, taking charge of that great
agency of communication, as she has done this
year. She is far in advance of us. She has
reduced the postage, and she has taken charge
of the great agency whereby public opinion is
manufactured, whereby the countryis informed
as to what is done, whereby man communes
with man ail over the world. The statesmen
of England had the patriotism and the courage
to take hold of tkat great agency, and notwith-
standing we have heard that the taking pos-
session of the telegraph lines by the Govern-
ment threw everything into confusion, &c.,
we learn from reliable sources that the sys-
tem is working admirably. Of course tel-
egraph companies will send us disparaging
reports. Wo expected that. Of course the
express companies disparage, and always have
disparaged the carrying of the mails by the
Government. They have been successful com-
petitors with the mail in the county where I
have lived for tho last twenty years, and they
sneer at and disparage your mail facilities.
They try to prevent their being regularly car-
ried, and they try to get ahead of them at all
times. Of course there is a war that will
always last. We expected the telegraphic com-
panies to say that the new system was a fail-
ure; but you will hear no more of that sort
from England. There the people are satisfied
with the new system, and it is working well.
I say, let the United States have a Post Office
Department that will compare in dignity, in
power, and in efficiency with the post office
department of Great Britain. Let us have a
Post Office Department that will put cheap
postage within -tho reach' of all. Let us put
telegraphic communication within the reach
of all. Let each and all know what is done
here. Let the truth be disseminated. That is
the real way to educate the people—to make
information swift and cheap. You never can
do it until the Post Office Department takes
charge of this branch of the administration of
tho Government. If it is not going to do it,
as I said before, there is very little value in
this appropriation bill. Indeed, it is not very
material if it should be discussed for some
little time, because it involves great questions.
I renew my motion to amend.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Missouri to the amendment
of the Senator from Minnesota is now pending,
in regard to the amount to be appropriated to
members of Congress in lieu of postage.
Mr. STEWART. Then I give notice that I
shall offer my amendment in regard to the tel-
egraph after that is disposed of.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the State in
which I live has .gained some little historical
celebrity from tho manner in which it has
regulated the sale of intoxicating liquors.
What has been known as the Maine law is
much more broadly known than within the
limits of this continent. It is well known in
Europe. Hardly less limited is the historical
saying of a gentleman who resides in Maine,
and who is known by the name of Ethan Spike,
and who proclaimed early that he was an earn-
est advocate of the law, but just as earnest
against its enforcement. [Laughter.] The
history of that lav/ and this philosophic and
wise saying of Ethan Spike remind me very
much of what I witness in the Senate. Sen-
ators are in favor of abolishing the franking
privilege, but they are wofully opposed to pass-
ing any law to accomplish that object.
Now, sir, I was a member of the Committee
on Post Offices and Post lioads, and I con-
curred—our chairman will tell me if I am
wrong—in the unanimous report of the com-
mittee in favor of the bill as it passed the
House. I did it from the very best of motives,
and from what I believed the wisest of con-
siderations. Bat when it came here I was
reminded again of a school of philosophers of
whom I read when I was many years younger
than I am now, who, it was.said, in spite of
logic and of those propositions which are some-
times called self-evident, denied their own ex-
istence; and I think the books told us,that
they proved that denial to their own satisfac-
tion, I do not know how they did it. I sup-
pose they wandered away into the mazes of
metaphysics, talked about that which they did
not understand, and consequently those to
whom they spoke could not understand them.
But, according to their own theory, they estab-
lished the fact of uon-existence. I did not
have much faith in it; but since we have met
the discussion upon this proposition to abolish
the franking privilege I understand it per-
fectly. We have had it demonstrated in the
Senate, I think, capitally. That little propo-
sition which was simply to abolish the right to
frank (fori neverthought it was a privilege to
a member) has begotten so _ many, so frivo-
lous, and such various objections here, that I
cannot believe they could come from any
others on God's earth than that school of phi-
losophers who would deny their own existence.
There is no other class of minds who could
conceive of such a variety of objections as
have met us all along the road.
Now, sir, that bill we could have passed,
and in an appropriation legitimately upon this
bill or upon tho miscellaneous appropriation
bill we could have had a small sum in one
line sufficient for the Government to have paid
all its postage; and that was all that was
required.
1 am not going to be led into a long dis-
cussion on this matter about the reform or the
abuses of the present system. That was the
simple bill that was presented by the commit-
tee; and how, let me ask, has it been opposed
in this body ? I confess that I do not conceive
the object. I have tried thoroughly to exam-
ine it, but there is not that in it which justifies
such an opposition as we have met here. There
cannot bo; and why it is I confess my inabil-
ity to understand.
Well, sir, we met it when the bill was a special
order. First it was too early, and then it was
too late to consider it. There was no time
when it was in time. There was no occasion
when wo could meet it and vote upon it. The
friends of the measure only asked the Senate
to give us a vote upon the proposition. In
answer we got all sorts of technical objections;
and there is no man in this body, no man in
the community who does not understand the
precise scope and object of all those objections.
It is just as well understood in the country a,s
it is understood in this Hall. Why, then, is it
that we cannot vote squarely upon the proposi-
tion?
I voted on Saturday, when this proposition
had been amended, against attaching it to this
appropriation bill. I did so on the suggestion
of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
I adopted his su <jestion. I want him to adopt
mine now. I voted with the. Senator from
Illinois on tlje ground that it might be better
and wiser to pass the measure as a separate
bill; but I have reviewed and revised that
opinion, and I wish to say that if there is one
single Senator here who means what he says,
who desires to be rid of this thing of sending
free matter through the mails, I hope he will
stand by this amendment, if ii takes until the
last of the session to reach a vote upon it. But
I would certainly consume very little time in
discussing it. My admonition to the true friends
of this measure is, let us cease our talking—
and I think I may ba excused for these brief
words, being a member of the committee
which reported the bill—let us keep the amend-
ment as it is, and vote every proposition from
it, and sit here quietly and in silence until we
can reach a period of time when we can learn
the simple fact, and no more, whether there be
a majority of the Senate in favor of this meas-
ure or not.
In reviewing and revising my opinion I do
see a pertinency and a propriety in attaching
the amendment to this bill which did not sug-
gest itself to my mind from the hasty consider-
ation submitted by the Senator from Illinois.
I say, then, let us stand by it. Let us vote
upon it no amendment that contributes One
farthing of compensation for our postage.
I assumed a seat in this Senate with a full
knowledge of the compensation that would
belong to me. I assumed that position with
a full knowledge that it was within the legiti-
mate power and province of Congress to change
that compensation at any hour; and whenever
they shall deem i t just andappropriate to change
that compensation to a sum which renders it
undesirable for me to avail myself of it I have
that right which belongs to us all to yield tho
position I hold to another gentleman. I knew
that the little sum of postage might be taken
from me; I knew that my salary proper might
be changed. We all knew it. There is, there-
fore, no hardship imposed upon us if we are
called upon to pay the postage that legitimately
belongs to our positions. It will not be so very
much, I imagine, because the communications
to us will necessarily be prepaid, and in ordi-
nary cases the stamp for a return will be fur-
nished to us.
But above all things, I say to the friends of
this measure, vote for no amendment such as
is proposed now. I mean to be always frank.
I say with any such incumbrance, or with a
proposition on it to affect the rates of postage, I
shall vote against it myself. I want the thing
clear and distinct. The proposition as reported
by the chairman of our committee was clear'
