1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
from Mew York that there is no ease precisely
like this.
Mr, VAN TRUMP. I object to the joint
resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his objection and submit the question to
the House. It is a question about which it is
fair that the House should express its opinion,
and it should not be excluded by a mere objec-
tion as to the question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Cannot the Committee
on Appropriations report at any time ?
The SPEAKER, For reference only to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, but not for action in the House.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio to let this resolution be acted on.
It is a simple act of justice. We often appro-
priate the remainder of a year's salary.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. It is not a simple act
when there is no precedent.
Mr. DAWE8. I will state that there is a
precedent to this extent: \*e have often appro-
priated the salary for the balance of the year
to the family of an officer who has died in the
service.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. That is where the
officer has entered up6n the service.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly; but here is & veify
peculiar case, where the officer was appointed 1
to the office and qualified, as I understand, but
died immediately.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Qualified in articulo
mortis, as I understand.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman from
Ohio will do himself credit if he will withdraw
his objection.
Mr. VAN TRUMP, I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. DAWES. Then I withdraw the report.
message from the president.
A message from the President, by Mr. Por-
ter, bis private Secretary, announced that the
President had approved aud signed a bill (H.
R. No. 195) to authorize the Secretary of War
to place at the disposal of the soldiers' monu-
ment committee of Rock Island county, Illi-
nois, certain condemned ordnance; and a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 107) authorizing the issue
of blankets to enlisted men of company B, tenth
infantry, to replace others destroyed by fire.
tariff,
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask unanimous con-
sentof the House to present petitions of eleven
hundred and thirty-five, laboring, men of my
district, remonstrating Against any change in
the general tariff as suggested by a free-trade
league, and praying for a reduction of duty on
tea, coffee, and other necessaries not pro-
duced in this country, and such readjustment
of duty on articlesmade in this country as will
Buat&in home industry. In presenting these
petitions I wish to say one single word. They
are entitled to tfce most respectful considera-
tion of this House. Before the^discussion of
the tariff bill is concluded in this House I in-
tend to take an opportunity to express my own
views upon the subject of wages and labon I
ask that these petitions be referred .'to th*
Committee of WayB and Means.
No objection being made, the petitions were
received, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
atlantic and pacific railroad.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, ana adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior bo
instructed to report to this House—
First. Whether there is on file in his office any! evi-'
donee of the organization of the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad Company under and in pursuance of the
act of Congress of July 27,1866;
Second. Whether there is any evidence on file in
his office of the acceptance of said act by said com-
pany, as required by section twelve thereof;
Third. Whether the line of said road is designated
by a plat thereof on file in tie office of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, as required by
section three thereof; .
Fourth. Whether there is any evidence on file in
his offiee showing when work .was commenced on
said road, if at all, or the amount of work done on
the same, as specified in section eight of said act;
Fifth. Whether there is on file in his office any
report or reports made by the directors of said com-
pany of their proceedings and expenditures, verified
by the affidavit of the president and at least six of
the directors thereof, as required by section thirteen
of said act and subsequent aots of Congress; and
Sixth. Whether there is any report of said com-
pany on file in his office showing that any part of
said road has beon constructed.
And if such evidence or any part thereof, as above
required, is on file in his office that such Secretary
furnish copies thereof to the House.
pension laws.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to move an amendment to the title -of a
pension bill which was passed by this House
yesterday afternoon.
No objection was made.
^ Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
title by striking out the words "the twenty-
seventh section of an act entitled ' An act relat-
ing to pensions,' approved July 27,1868," and
inserting the words ''certain acts therein cited
in relation to pensions" after the words "an
act to construe."
The amendment was agreed to.
internal revenue in new york.
Mr. MUNGEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to offer
a resolution that in my judgment must com-
mend itself to the approval of every member
of this House. I am not sure whether it amounts
to a question of privilege. There is nothing
partisan abont it, but it refers to a subject that
is seriously affecting the material interests of
my constitnents, as well as the business of the
constituents of many gentlemen on this floor.
I allude to what might be called the whisky
interest of the West.
In this connection I send to the Clerk with
the resolution an extract from a letter received
from one of the oldest and most respectable
mercantile firms of the city of New York, which
I desire to have read, as I also desire to have
read the editorial of the New York Times of
the 23th accompanying it. As a further illus-
tration of the subject I send extracts from the
N ew York Herald and New York Sun of recent
date alluding to the question. I do not desire
to detain the House by having them read now,
bat reqnest to have them published in the Globe,
that the importance of this question as affecting
important producing interests of the West and
commercial and financial interests of the great
cities may be fully comprehended.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be
read, after which the Chair will ask for objec-
tions.
This Clerk read as follows :
Whereas the public press of the cotfntry is full of
statements in reference to the unjustifiable action of
the internal revenue officials of the United States
Governtoent in the city of New York and elsewhere;
and whereas public opinion is outraged by these con-
tinued acts of aggression on the rights of the citizen
and tax-payer: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue be, and he is hereby, requested to at once re-
port to this House under what authority of law and
why the subordinate officers of his bureau have
recently seized upon private property and private
papers in the city of New York and elsewhere with-
out affording the owners thereof immediate inform-
ation as to the cause of such seizures.
Mr. JENCKES. I object to the resolution.
postal express.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be directed to inquire into the expe-
diency of providing by law for adding a postal ex-
press to our mail service, in order that small,express
Packages may be sent over the principal mail routes
at reasonable rates.
advancement of naval officers.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 189)
providing for the advancement of naval offi-
cers for distinguished services; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
MACHINERY FOR COTTON MANUFACTURE.
Mr. BUCKLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas English spinners now buy American cot-
ton and double its exchangeable value by making it
into fine yarns for export to manufacturers in tb e
markets of the world, who have long been accus-
tomed to the peculiar styles of the English spinnei-3;
and whereas it is eminently desirable that this work
should be done in our own country, and that the
benefits arising therefrom should inure to our own
country and her citizens; and whereas in order to
compete successfully with English skinners it is
deemed necessary at first to use the same machinery
that they use and imitate their product in all re-
spects: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the tariff laws of the United States as to
allow the free importation of machinery for spin-
ning cotton into yarn for a period not exceeding
twelve months.
joint committee on indian affairs.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to submit for adoption the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Senate be requested to return
to this House, for its further consideration, the con-
current resolntion relating to a joint committee of
the two Houses upon Indian affairs which was
adopted by this House on the 12th day of March,
1869.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] to withdraw his objec-
tion until I can explain my proposition.
Mr. WOOD. I cannot do so.
pensions to soldiers of 1812.
Mr. VAN TRUMP, by unanimous consent,
presented a joint resolution requesting the
Senators and Representatives from the State
of Ohio to secure the passage of a law grant-
ing liberal pensions to surviving soldiers and
the widows of deceased soldiers of the war of
1812; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812, and
ordered to be printed.
public debt prom 1787 to 1836. ■
Mr. WELKER, by unanimous consent^ sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish to the House a detailed state-
ment showing the payments on account of our pub-
lic debt, including both principal and interest, from
1787 to 1836 inclusive.
adjudication of land titles.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Restofaed, That the Committee on the Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law that registers and receivers of all land
offices shall be empowered to compel the attendance
of witnesses in cases of disputed land titles in the
same manner as such attendance is secured in cases
litigated in the courts of the State or Territory in
which the land in dispute is situated.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
order of business.
Mr. CULLOM. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the joint resolution (H. Ii. No. 188) provid-
ing for publishing specifications and drawings
of the Patent Office, which was reported from
the Committee on Printing, and was pending at
the adjournment yesterday. The gentleman
from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] is entitle^
to the floor and has fifty-seven minutes of his
hour remaining.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I hope
the gentleman from Rhode Island will yield
that we may have the morning hour before the
House resumes the consideration of the joint
resolution from the Committee on Printing.
We had no morning hour yesterday.
Mr. JENCKES. This matter is under the
control of the chairman of the Committee on
Printing, [Mr. Laflin.] I have no objection,
if he has none, to allowing this subject to go
over for the present, provided it can be resumed
at the close of the morning hour.
