3688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
fully prevented by such person or officer from
performing suck act on account of race, color,
or previous condition of servitude."
Mr. STEWART. That will not do.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the Senate in the amend-
ment agreed to as in Committee of the Whole
as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was con- !
curred in.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I think I
hazard nothing in saying that there is not one
Senator in this Chamber who knows what this
bill now is. I see Senators here who have
gone to their homes and had a comfortable
rest, while others of us have sat up through the
weary hours of the night. I see other Sen-
ators here who have quietly slept on sofas
while amendment after amendment has been
made to this bill, and only aroused from their
slumbers when there was a division of the
Senate or when their presence was necessary
in order to make a quorum. I do not believe
there is a Senator here who will stand up and
on bis honor declare that he knows what this
bill is. And yet we are asked here now to
vote on this question; we are asked to pass this
bill—such a bill as never was passed or thought
of being passed since this Government has had
an existence. If anybody will say that it was
not thought of being passed, because the fif-
teenth amendment was only lately adopted, let
me say to him that one half of this bill has no
relevancy whatever to the fifteenth amend-
ment; it does not depend upon the fifteenth
amendment, but is placed upon a provision in
the Constitution that is as old as the Constitu-
tion itself. I refer to the amendment offered
first by my colleague, and afterward, in a modi-
fied form, by the Senator from Maine.
But while I like the rest of you do not know
what this bill is in its present shape, there are
some things that I do know about it. I do
know that for precisely the same offense this
bill, as it now stands, provides in one part of it
that the punishment shall be $500 to the in-
former, $500 to the United States, and not less
thhn one month's imprisonment and not more
than one year; and that in another provision
of the hill for that identical offense the punish-
ment is three years in the penitentiary. That
I know; and I know that no ingenuity can get
yid of it. I know that this bill is, as the Sen-
ator from Oregon, even before this- amend-
ment, truly characterized it, a conglomeration
of incongruities and contradictions. That I
know, with all respect to its supporters, this
bill is.
: Sir, I hare fought this bill to the best of my
poor ability; not for the purpose of delay.
What interest had'I in making myself sick by
Sitting here the whole night for the mere pur-
pose of delay ? What good will it bring to me
oc to any Senator On this floor to d«lay action
on this bill against the will of the majority ?
No, sir; I have stayed here daring the long
and weary vigils of this night with the honest
purpose of trying to make this bill less objec-
tionable than it was as reported from.the com-
-mittee.. I have sought to divest it of features
thatin ray mind shock every principle of wisdom
ftnd,provision after provision in the Constitu-
tion of the United States. I have endeavored
.to do my dqity in this respect. I have not sought
to filibuster here simply for delay; nothing of
thai kind, Now, the result is that after the sun
has risen this bill is before this Senate, without
one Senator knowing what it is; and it is here,
as the Senator from Oregon properly character-.
i ed it, a conglomeration of incongruities and
contradictions; That is what it is.
,, Now, Mr. President, for the credit of the
Senate, for the welfare of the country, I do ask
that this bill may be .committed to the Com-
mitter on the Judiciary that it may be put in
some respectable shape.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the bill be recommitted
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. THURMAN. Not recommitted, be-
cause it is a House bill and has never been
committed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it would be
hardly worth while to commit the bill; but I
suggest to the Senator from Nevada who has it
in charge whether the bill having been amend-
ed in many of its features, some propositions
being put upon it that have never been consid-
ered in committee at all—I allude to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] and afterward by the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] and also an
amendment offered by the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Pool,] and various amendments
that have been made in the Senate—I suggest
whether itwouldnotbe wellif the Senate would
agree to take the vote on Monday at one o' clock,
and in the mean time have the bill printed as it
stands, and laid on our tables, and then we can
look it over.
It is a little hazardous to vote upon a bill in
this way, with so many amendments in it,
although I think the general features of the bill
are understood by the Senate.
It is an unusual thing to put so many amend-
ments on a bill without seeing it altogether. I
do not think ray suggestion will delay it at all.
We shall, of course, adjourn over after this long
session, and if everybody were to agree to vote
on it, without any discussion, on Monday it
would be quite as well.
Mr. STEWART. This bill now is a sub-
stitute for the House bill. The House of Rep-
resentatives will want to consider it there, and
I think the bill is in very good shape. I have
certainly kept the run of the bill, and although
I may be unable to repeat every word, I think
I can tell what is in every section. I think we
had better conclude it now. I am afraid on
Monday we shall be interfering with the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, and
I want to get this matter out of the way. The
House have got some sense, and they can look
over it.
Mr. THURMAN. The whole scope of the
remarks of the Senator from Nevada amounts
to this: that this bill, with whatever imperfec-
tions it may have on its head, is to be passed
by the Senate, to go back to the House, and
the result will be a committee of conference.
Now, I appeal to every Senator here if there
is anything so unsatisfactory as a committee of
conference. What will you have? You will
have a report from the committee of confer-
ence that the committee recommend that the
word "and" shall be stricken out in such a
line, that certain other words shall be inserted
in another line, that in another line certain
words shall be stricken out, and that in another
line of another section certain other words
shall be stricken out; and, according to my
experience, in no single instance has there
been any printing of the bill according to the
proposal of the committee of conference, nor
any consideration of it whatsoever; and every
bill which has been passed on a vote agreeing
to the report of a committee of conference has
been passed without teu Senators, nay,without
five Senators in the body knowing what was
the effect of the report of the committee.
That is to be the effect; and that upon a
measure so novel, so strange that nothing like
it has ever .been heard of before in the history
of this Govern merit. I hope the bill will be
referred to the committee whose duty it is to
consider such questions, that it may be care-
fully considered in the committee-room and
then reported to the Senate in a proper form
for it to receive the approbation of the body;
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, there are
two propositions before the Senate at this time:
One of them, that made by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr, Thchman,] that this bill shall be
committed to the Committee on the Judiciary
for revision; the other is the proposition of
the Senator from Illinois,{Mr. Trumbull,] that
the bill should be printed so as to be on our
tables in time to be voted upon on Monday
next at one o'clock without debate. Now, sir.
it does seem to me that under all the circum-
stances one or the other of these propositions
should be adopted.
The bill as itnow stands is the child of many
fathers. It is apiece of patchwork throughout.
It has received amendments almost without
number, some of them material, some of them
immaterial, but all of them having the effect
of perplexing and confusing the text of the
bill. I know the efficiency of the gentlemen
at the desk, but certainly they would be more
than mortal if during a session of nearly
eighteen hours since we commenced yesterday
at noon they have not made omissions ami
committed errors. And here, sir, is a bill, one
of the most important that Congress has had
before it, and certainly the most novel in its
general character which it ever could have ;
and sureiy the delay which is called for by
either motion is not excessive under all the
circumstances of the case; but it is not for
delay ; of course I need not say that. I think
it is understood precisely, as was announced
last evening, that if the amendment offered
here by the Senator from Ohio who is not in
his place was to be forced through, it would
have to be debated line by line, because of the
novelty of the principles involved and the
extreme danger of its provisions to the liber-
ties of the people, and, indeed, to the whole
framework of elections and of registrations in
the States.
Therefore, sir, the time consumed, although
unusual, has not been uncalled for; it has not
been any greater than might have been ex-
pected ; but the result of the whole is a mass
of papers in the hands of our Chief Clerk at the
desk which, I think, it will be nearly impos-
sible for him or for anybody to adjust in a com-
plete, compact, and perfect shape. It is im-
possible, of course, for anybody to read it
through from beginning to end with any satis-
faction to himself; and the result is to be, if
the majority of the Senate persist in forcing
the vote for the final disposition of it, that it
will be entirely true, as the Senator from Ohio
next me [Mr. Thurman] said, that the Senate
will be acting upon and disposing of a bill as
to which not one member among them is able
to say what it contains upon any'given point.
- Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, if it is the
pleasure of the Senate to commit this bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and so get it
out of the way of the Senate, I am not aware
that I shall object to that; but if it is the in-
tention of the Senate now, after having ex-
pended five days upon this bill, to delay action,
I am compelled to interpose. As to the sug-
gestion of. theSieuator from Illinois, I expect
that all those Senators who have remained
here and been wide awake understand thia
bill as perfectly as the gentleman having it in
charge, and that is well enough. Therefore, I
hope we shall vote upon it.
Mr. STEWART. . I assure Senators that it
is in a very orderly condition. They can go
to the desk and examine it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio
to commit the bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Now ! move that the bill
be laid on the table and printed as amended.
The motion was hot agreed to.
It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
amendment is to strike out all. of the House
bill after the enacting clause and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
That all citizens of the United States who are or
shall be otherwise qualified by law trt vote at any
election by the people in any State. Territory, dis-
trict, county, city, parish, township, sobool district,
municipality, or other territorial subdivisions, shall
be entitled and nllowcdto vote at all such elections,
without distinction of raoo, color, or previous con-
