1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to demand of the good people of the old North
State who so reluctantly assented to rebellion
and so gladly assented to reconstruction, con-
ditions-precedent which are not required of
Virginia? No, sir. But gentlemen^say that
these conditions have been complied with.
Admit they have, why then object to the pas-
sage of this bill ? Why object to a bill which
requires only what has been already per-
formed ?
Mr. Speaker, I have asserted that I could
see no material point of difference between the
bill and the substitute. Thisposition assumes
that Virginia has already complied with the
conditions of this bill. And to show that I
favor a speedy admission of Virginia, that I
desire to see her citizens enjoying the same
privileges which I enjoy, I give notice that
should the committee's bill fail to pass I shall
support the substitute, for I can see no import-
ant difference in them. I want to see the Old
Dominion back in the Union ; I believe she is
prepared to come back; I believe that we can
safely take her back. And I answer the charge
that we would hinder her return by the passage
of this bill, by asking, if it should become a
law by the action of this House and the Sen-
ate, would not on to-morrow Virginia be a
State in the Union and her Representatives
entitled to seats upon this floor ? Where, then,
is the delay ? I answer, here, in the Hall of
the House of Representatives, in useless dis-
cussion and declamation.
But, Mr. Speaker, what is exacted of Vir-
ginia? What are the conditions-precedent to
her return? What is asked of her that North
Carolina has not done with alacrity ? Is there
a provision in this bill with which North Car-
olina did not comply ? In the act passed June
25, 1868, "to admit the States of North Car-
olina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia,
Alabama, and Florida, to representation in
Congress," this preamble occurs:
"Whereas tlie people of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida
have, in pursuance of the provisions of an act enti-
tled 'An act for the more efficient government of the
rebel States,' passed March 2,1867, and the acts sup-
plementary thereto, framed constitutions of State
governments which are republican, and have adopted
such constitutions by large majorities of the votes
east at the elections for the ratification or rejection
of the same: Therefore," &c.
The preamble before us, reciting in effect
the same facts, declares :
Whereas the people of Virginia have adopted a
constitution republican in form, and by its provis-
ions assuring the equality of right in all citizens of
the United States before the law; and whereas the
Congress of the United States have received assur-
ances and are assured that the people ofVirginia, and
especially those heretofore in insurrection against
the United States, have renounced all claims of any
right of secession in a State, and that they are now
well disposed to the Government of the United
States, and will support and defend the Constitution
thereof, and will carry out in letter and spirit the
provisions and requirements of the constitution sub-
mitted under the reconstruction acts of Congress and
ratified by tlio people of Virginia: Therefore, &c.
Here the same facts are declared as having
been performed by Virginia that North Caro-
lina and South Carolina performed, but stated
more in detail. Objection, however, is made to
the preamble, and notice has been given ofa de-
termination to vote it down. Why ? Are not
the facts set forth true ? Is not such the status
of Virginia ? Why strike out the declaration
of truths? Why make an exception in favor
of Virginia?
The gentleman from California [Mr. A xtkt.l]
and the distinguished gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] have questioned the power
of Congress to exact conditions from Virginia
in advance of her return to the Union. This
is new doctrine, founded in the virtuous fear
that the Old Dominion might suffer humilia-
tion. The whole history of reconstruction is
against the gentlemen. No State participating
in the rebellion has come back yet without a
demand on the part of Congress for the per-
formance of certain "fundamental conditions.''
In the bill to which I just referred, passed
June 25, 1868, admitting my own State, the
following language is used:
" Bfiit enacted, &e.. That cach of the States of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Ala-
bama, and jPlorida shall be entitled and admitted to
representation in Congress as a State of the Union
when the Legislature of such State shall have duly
ratified the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
and known as article fourteen, upon the following
fundamental conditions."
Although,as in the case of Virginia,certain pre-
liminaries had been performed, yet the "fund-
amental conditions" were further required.
This is no " new idea" of the present Admin-
istration or the party in power. The practice
of Congress heretofore, long before the days
of treason and secession, has been to fix con-
ditions-precedent to the admission of new States.
Such was the ease in the admission of Missouri
and Michigan and Texas, and of almost every
new State. This power, or rather this duty,
belongs to Congress by virtue of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, which guaranties to
to every State a republican form of govern-
ment; and the Congress would be untrue to
the people and untrue to itself if these safe-
guards were not thrown about the States. And
the power thus intrusted to Congress by the
Constitution possesses an amplitude commen-
surate with public necessity.
What are the "fundamental conditions"
upon which Virginia shall be entitled to repre-
sentation in Congress ? I will repeat them:
First, that no persons shall hold any office, civil
or military, in said State who shall not have taken
and subscribed one of the following oaths or affirm-
ations, namely: "I do solemnly swear (or affirm)
that I have never taken an oath as a member of
Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a
member of any State Legislature, or as an executive
or judicial officer of any State to support the Con-
stitution of the United States and thereafter engaged
in insurrection or rebellion against thesame, or given
aid or comfort to the enemies thereof;" or, "X do
solemnly swearn (or affirm) that I have.becn re-
lieved from disability by an act of Congress, as pro-
vided for by the third section of the fourteenth arti-
cle of the amendments of the Constitution of the
United States." Second, that the constitution of
said State shall never be so amended or changed as
to deprive any citizen or class of citizens of the Uni-
ted States of the right to vote or hold office in said
State who are entitled to vote or hold office by said
constitution, except as a punishment forsuch crimes
as are now felonies at common law, whereof they
shall have been duly convicted under laws equally
applicable to all the inhabitants of said State; or to
prevent any person on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude from serving as a juror
or participating equally in the school fund or school
privileges provided for in said constitution: Pro-
vided, That any alteration ofsaid constitution equally
applicable to all the voters of said State may be made
with regard to the time and place of residence of
said voters. Third, that all persons who shall at the
time when said constitution shall take effect hold
or exercise the functions of any executive, adminis-
trative, or judicial office in said State by the appoint-
ment or authority of the district commander shall
continue to discharge the duties of their respective
offices until their successors, or those upon whom
such duties shall, under said constitution devolve,
are duly chosen or appointed and qualified.
Are they cruel? Are they unjust? Do they
indicate bad faith on the part of Congress ?
Did the people of North Carolina in availing
themselves of congressional clemency find
fault with the same conditions ? No, sir 1 But,
with a promptness characteristic of the old
North State, she did in good faith what the
Government demanded, and placed herself in
line with her sisters. In listening attentively
to the remarks of the gentlemen who fight this
bill I have failed to discover an objection well
taken to one of these provisions or conditions;
and with the single exception of the first, the
" oath" section, no substantial difference can
bo detected between this bill and the one ad-
mitting North Carolina. But in their haste to
antagonize this bill gentlemen have not stopped
to analyze the oath. What is it. Mr. Speaker?
It has been called a test-oath. It has been
denounced as an outrageous exaction.
The gentleman who introduced the bill, [Mr.
Farnsworth,] who presents the anomaly of
offering and opposing the same act, declared
his purpose to vote against this oath section.
He said he was tired ol' this eternal imposition
of oaths. I can see no objection to them, espe-
cially when they create no new exaction. Now,
sir, I insist that every officer in every State im-
pliedly affirms the declarations of this oath
when hie qualifies to any ^office. So long as the
fourteenth amendment remains, a pasct of the
Constitution of the United States no man is
eligible to any office, civil or military, who can
not swear the oath contained in the first con-
dition of this bill. ■ In the State of North Garo->
Iina this oath was not required, bnt no one
dared to assnme ah office who could not take
one of these oaths. 'Of course the first oath is
inoperative where Congress has relieved the
party, and the second oath affirming, thls fact
is required. Where, then, is the trouble about
this oath ? . An objection generally to all oaths,
such as that of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Fabnsworth,] and his appeal to the scriptural
injunction " not to swear at all," come with
more reason than the groundless assertion that
this particular oath is unjust and unfair. Is it
unkind to ask men to swear to a fact? A man
is elected to. an office and swears to discharge
its responsibilities; can there be harm in his
further swearing that he is eligible under the
laws ? This oath may be unnecessary, but at
the same time it is harmless. It certainly pre-
scribes no new test. When Congress, in its
magnanimity, shall remove all civil and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment this oath will not be necessary ;
but until then it should be exacted.
I shall vote then, Mr. Speaker, for the com-
mittee's bill out of regard to the gentlemen
who compose the committee, and who are
charged with the examination of facts and
details in the reconstructed States, and because
I believe that it is proposed to admit Virginia
on the same terms upon which North Carolina
came back, and because I think that by the
bill her return would not be delayed one day.
I have been astonished at the range which
this discussion has taken. I can see nothing
in the bill to justify the charges of proscription
and exaction which are so freely made. I shall
not assume to speak for any one but myself; I
shall not presume to look behind the act, and
search the heart to discover the intent. My
own motive is founded on what I conceive to
lie right. I believe that the admission of Vir-
ginia to representation on this floor cannot
be put off by a favorable vote on this bill. With
regard to the assertion that we would impose
on Virginia undue conditions, it is without
foundation. For my own part, my intention is
far different. My determination is, so far as
my power and influence shall go, to remove
restrictions and disabilities as rapidly as it
may become prudent to do so. I would ban
no man, I would proscribe no man who is
disposed to be a good citizen, who is disposed
to live peaceably with his neighbors, whatever
their race or condition, who is disposed to re-
gard and obey the laws of his country. We
should be generous and magnanimous toward
the excluded classes, always recollecting, how-
ever, that a higher duty than feelings of sym-
pathy and benevolence compels us to with-
hold clemency until it can be safely extended.
And to show positively that such is my pur-
pose I take this opportunity to say that I
heartily indorse the bill proposed by my col-
league from the third district, [Mr. Dockeky,]
removing the civil and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment from
all the citizens of North Carolina, and shall
give it my earnest support when it shall be
before the House.
The State of North Carolina is preparedfor
this measure. She is already reconstructed.
The flag of peace and order gracefully floats
from the sea-board to the mountains_ over a
, people happy and contented, enjoyirig the
!■ benefits and blessings of good government; and
II if I were called upon to name a people within
j! the broad compass of the Union who are better
j[ governed and better satisfied with their gov-
  ernment, who are more energetically pursuing
