1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4633
and distinct. It left only the necessity of
making an appropriation to defray the postage
of the Government proper; and that was all
that was required.
In ad'dition to that I was perfectly willing,
nay I desired to see—and that could be done
elsewhere—our little country newspapers cir-
culate free within the counties where they were
published, and the exchanges of periodicals
continued as they are now granted by law.
That is here in this bill, and going into an
appropriation bill, if we have the power to put
it there, takes away the objection which existed
to putting it upon the House bill, and thus ren-
dering it necessary to return that bill to the
Honse.
Now, sir, these are my views in relation to
this matter. I could consume the time of the
Senate in hours of talk upon it, for while I
make no pretensions. I desire to say that I
think I have given to this subject as many
hours of consideration as the learned Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] who has
consumed so much of the valuable time of the
Senate in the hours when the session is drawing
to its close. But, sir, if I were to undertake
to perpetrate my views upon the Senate at this
time I should feel that I was doing injustice to
the business of the country; and 1 shall be
guilty of no such indiscretion. I should feel
as if I were committing a crime if I were to
s consume the time of the Senate at this hour,
when there are such measures before us as we
know we are bound, if we are true to the inter-
ests of the country, to act upon. There is the
reduction of taxes. I think that word has not
passed my lips before during this session.
There are those who cry, "Down with the
taxes and up with the appropriations." Sir,
I know there are duties upon us. I want to
see a funding measure passed. I want to see
as much as another gentleman who talks much
more about it than I do, a reduction of our tax
system; and you will have from me willing
votes to accomplish that object, and without
words to back them.
We have other great and important ques-
tions before us besides the appropriation bills,
with which my colleague is so much vexed and
harassed. Sir, I could consume the time of
the Senate in relation to what I believe to be
the wise and beneficent results that will flow
from the passage of this measure. I believe
that it will be the means of accumulating the
revenues of your Post Office Department; and
while it does that it imposes no hardship upon
your community in paying the paltry postage
of three cents. Were I to stand here to-day
and to trifle with the good judgment of the
Senate by insisting that my constituents were
overburdened with that rate they would rebuke
me, I think, for placing them before the coun-
try as so parsimonious that they would hardly
be worthy ourattention and our consideration.
Sir, I represent a constituency, and so, in my
judgment, does every Senator here, who feel
no hardship from that paltry system of postage,
and who will not thank any man for saying
here that they would not write additional let-
ters because they save a cent of postage. I do
not believe that the increase of letters by a
reduction of the rate of postage would be
appreciative in any per cent.
Now, sir, I hope that we may vote on this
question. That was my objcct in saying what
I have said.
Mr. SIIBEMAN. I ask leave at this time
to make a report from the Committee on
Finance.
The YICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will receive the report.
tax* bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. It.
No. 2045) to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes, have directed me to report it
back with amendments; and I give notice that
on Wednesday next after the morning hour,
at as early a time as I can get the floor, I shall
move to take up this bill, with the consent of
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator report a
new bill or the House bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. Amendments to the House
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Not a substitute?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. I ask that the
bill with the amendments be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 did not hear
the notice given by the Senator from Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio gives notice that on Wednesday next,
after the morning hour, he proposes to call
this bill up.
message from the iioose.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clintox Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the bill
(H. R. No. 2275) to provide for the paving of
Pennsylvania avenue, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
unrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution ; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 316) for the relief of Mary A.
Coolidge;
A bill (S. No. 462) for the relief of John
Somers Smith, on account of diplomatic ser-
vices at the city of San Domingo ;
A bill (S. No. 552) for the relief of Captain
John A. Wilcox;
A bill (S. No. 065) for the relief of William
H. Iiarman;
A bill (S. No. 808) for the relief of Reuben
Grindle ;
A bill (S. No. 491) relating to the supremo
court of the District of Columbia ;
A bill (S. No. 754) to incorporate a zoolo-
gical society in the city of Washington, District
of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 781) to amend an act entitled
"An act fixing the compensation for the bailiffs
and criers of the courts of the United States,"
approved February 22, 18G7 ;
A bill (S. No. 785) to incorporate an asso-
ciation for the prevention of cruelty to ani-
mals in the District of Columbia; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 94) for the
relief of J. li. Clark.
post office appropriation jilll.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 1828) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June SO,
1871, the pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Drake to the amendment of Mr.
llA^isnr.
Mr. NYE. Iam opposed to the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri, although I can
excuse him for presenting it, from the fact that
it is suggested by the man who has led this
great reform, by the Postmaster General, as
much as to say, "If you Senators will vote for
the abolition of the franking privilege, I will
see to it that your postage is paid." Sir, I
swallow no such bait as that; and I think as
little of three cents as the honorable Senator
from Maine, and have thought as little of it
all my life. Nor am I to be arraigned here as
a criminal by the honorable Senator because
I entertain \iewson this measure in opposition
to his own. He says it is a crime to take up
time in expressing those views.
Now, sir, this is a radical if not a great
reform, as I think the honorable Senator ironi
M&ine will agree. The franking system is a
system older than he is himself, a system
incorporated into this Government; and yet
he proposes to abolish it by a single blow.
Now, I have a question or two to ask of the
honorable Senator from Maine. He says he
is full of reasons why this measure should be
passed, and that he has spent more hours in
reflection on the subject than' the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts. Then I appeal to
him and an enlightened public appeal to him
to know why the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, when seeking to root up a sys-
tem as old as the postal system itself, did not
furnish us with one word of written report as
a reason for so doing.
Sir, I shall not be contradicted when I
assert that this is at least a radical, if not an
important reform. It was due to mo, whose
ignorance he assails, it was due to other Sen-
ators who agree with me, whose motives are
impugned at least by calling it a crime, to put
them forth ; it is due to an enlightened world,
and to an intelligent constituency, to know
what reasons the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads can render for this great
change. Never, until the discussion of this
question commenced in the Senate did one
of them deign to give us a reason for this great
change. They have not given any yet that will
stand the scrutiny of a man of sense. The
simple story is,-that the Postmaster General
requires it, and he has given the reasons. I
repeat, again, I have the highest regard and
respect for the Postmaster General; but he is
not to lead me up to the shambles in the sup-
port of an idea that I do not entertain.
If the honorable Senator from Maine has
such profound convictions on this subject,why,
in the name of everything, did he not submit
them to us on paper ? I would have read his
profound reasons and the result of his long
hours of cogitation on this question, and per-
haps, after doing so, I should not have offered
any amendment or objection to the passage
of the bill.
But, sir, I believe as honestly as the Sena-
tor from Maine believes the contrary, that this
measure is a wrong and an outrage upon the
rights of the people of this country. So believ-
ing, I trust it will not be considered criminal
in mo if I put forth my ideas as earnestly, if
not as wisely, as the honorable Senator from
Maine. Sir, there are Senators on this floor
who have occupied seats here as long as the
honorable Senator from Maine, whose research
has been as deep and as profound as his, who
differ from him ; and yet he arraigns them as
being guilty of a crime for interposing objec-
tions to this bill. I know how the opponents
of this measure are criticised. There is not a
day that the press does not crack its lash over
me on this subject. But, sir, I have never
paid any respect to the crack of the lash. I
entertain iny convictions honestly. The Sen-
ator from Maine does not mean to say that I
have not the right to express them. If he does,
he is saying what he has no right to say.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator allow me
a word?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have not impugned the
motives, directly or indirectly, of any Senator
in this body, and I did not say one word from
which the Senator has a right to draw any such
inference.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator stated
that making speeches in opposition to this
measure he regarded as a crime, in view of the
importance of the legislation that is pending.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, and I repeat it.
Mr. NYE. Then I repeat that it may do for
the honorable Senator to say it, but il I had
said it to my brother senators Ishould deserve
and should get a rebuke. It does not become
me to say it.
Now, Air. President, I say that I am opposed
to this amendment because I throw back to the
source from which it comes this bribe to take
postage. I am as able to pay my own postage
as the honorable Senator from Mainej and. I
think as little of three cents as he does.^ I hope
that the Senate will not take one farthing.
Mr. HO WE. Good.
Mr. NYE. "Good!" What else could you
