1870.
TAB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3689
Aitinnof servitude; any constitution,la#,ou#tom,
nslute or regulation of any State or Territory, or by
"r under its authority, to tha contrary notwithstand-
"'Skc ° And be it further enacted. That if by or under
f|.'„ authority of the constitution or laws of any State
nr the laws of any Teritory, any.act is or shall be
rpnuired to bo done as a prerequisite or qualification
r.,r voting. and by such constitution or laws persons
nr officers aro or shall be charged with the porform-
:,1 of duties in furnishing to citizens an opportu-
nity to perform such prerequisite, or to become qual-
ified to vote, it shall bo the duty of every such person
• ml officer to give to all citizens of the United States
the same and equal opportunity to perform such pre-
rwiuisite, and to become qualified to vote without
distinction of race, color, or previous condition of
servitude; and if any such person or officer shall re- ,
fuse or knowingly omit to give full effect to this sec- j
tinn he shall, for every such ofiense, lorfcit and pay |
the «um of $500 to the person aggrieved thereby, to |
be recovered by an action on the case, with full costs
and such allowance for counsel fees as tho court shall
deem just, and shall also, for every sUoh offense, be
ilromed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, on con-
viction thereof, be finod not less than $500. or be im-
prisoned not less than one month and not more than
nne year, or both, at tho discretion of the court.
Sue 3. And be it further enacted. That whenever,
bv or under tho authority of the constitution or laws
of any State or the laws of any Territory, an act is
or shall be required to bo done by any citizen ai a
nrerequisite to qualify or entitle him to vote, the offer
of any such oituen to perform the act required to be
done aa aforesaid shall, if it fail to be carried into
execution by reason of the wrongful act or omission
aforesaid of the person or officer charged with the
duty of receiving or permitting such performance or
offer to perform or actios thereon, be deemed and
held as a performance in law of such act; and tho
Hereon so offering and failing as aforesaid, and being
otherwise qualified, shall bo entitled to vote in the
same maimer and to the same extent as if ho had in
fact performed such act; and any judge, inspector,
or other officer of election whose duty it is or shall be
to receive, oount, certify, register, report, or give
effect to the vote of any such citizen, who shall reluse
or knowingly omit to receive, count, certify, register,
report or give effect to the vote of aooh citizen, upon
the presentation by him of his affidavit stating such
offer and the time and place thereof, and the name
of the officer or person whoso duty it was to act
thereon, and that he was wrongfully prevented by
such person or officer from performing such act. shall
lor every such offense forfeit and pay the sum of $500
to the person aggrieved thereby, to be recovered by
an action on the case with full costs and such allow-
ance for counsel fees as the court snail deem just, and
shall also lor every such offense be guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and shall on conviction thereof be fined
not less than $500, or be imprisoned not less thua one
month and not uiore than one year, or both, at the
discretion of the court. .
Sec 4. Ami be it further enacted. That if any person
by force, bribery, threats,intimidation, or other un-
lawful means, shall hinder.delay.prevent.or obstruct,
or shall combine and confederate with others to
hinder, delay, prevent, or obstruct any citizen lrom
doing any act required to be done to quality mm to
vote or from voting at any election as alorpsaid, such
person snail for every such offense forfeit and pay
the sum of 8500 to the person aggrieved thereby, to
be recovered by an action 00 with lull costs
and such allowance tor counsel fees as the court shall
deem just, and shall also for every such offense be
 uitty of a misdemeanor, and shall on conviction
thereof be fined not less than $500. or be imprisoned
not less than one month and not more than uneyear,
or both, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, ihatif anyperson
shall prevent, hinder, control, or intimidate, or shall
attempt to prevent, hinder, control.pr intimidaieany
person from exercising or in exorcising the right ot
suffrage, to whom the right of suffrage is secured or
guarantied by the fifteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, by means of bribery,
threats, or threats of depriving such person of em-
ployment or occupation, or ot ejecting such person
from rented house, lands, or other property, or by
threats of refusing to renew leases or eon tracts ior
labor, or by threats of violence to himself or family;
fcuch person so offending shall bo deemed guilty ot
a misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction thereof, be
fined not less than $500, or be imprisoned not less
than one month and not inore than one year, or DO-tn,
at the discretion of the court. rn, . ,P .
Sec. G. And be it Juriher enacted. That it two or
more persons shall baud or conspire together, or go
iu disguise upon the public highway, or upon the
premises of another, with intent to violate any pro-
vision of this act, or to injure, oppress, threaten, or
intimidate any citizeo with intent to prevent or
hinder bis free exercise and enjoy ment of any right
or privilege granted or secured io him by the Consti-
tution or laws of the United States, or because of his
having exercised the same, such persons shall be held
purity ot" felony, and on conviction tberfcot sa&ll do
fined or imprisoned, or both, at the discretion of the
court—the line not to exceed $o,0U0, and the impns-
noment not to exceed ten years, and Bhall, moreover,
be thereafter ineligible to, and disabled from, bold-
ing any office or place of honor. Profit*
created by the Constitution or laws ot the United
StSEC.'7. And be it farther enacted. That if in the
act of violating any provision in either ot the two
preceding sectious, any other fe I°ny, cr'ra®> JJ"®"
demeanor shall be committed, the offender,o« con-
viction of such violation ot said sections, shall be
pUnished for the same with such punishments as nre
attached to the said felonies, crimes, and misde-
meanors by the laws of tho State in which the offense
mny be committed. ...
Sue. 8. And be it further enacted. That tho dis-
trict courts of the United States, within tlieirrespect-
ivo districts, shall have, exclusively of tho courts
of the several States, Cognizance of all Crimes and
offenses committed against tho provisions of this act,
and, also, concurrently with the circuit courts of the
United States, of all causes, civil and criminal, aris-
ing under this .act, except as herein otherwise pro-
vided, and the jurisdiction hereby conferred shall be
exercised in conformity with the laws and practice
governing United States courts; and all crimes and
offenses committed against the provisions of this act
may be prosecuted by the indictment of a grandjury,
or in oases of crimes and offenses not infamous, the
prosecution may be either by indictment or informa-
tion filed by the district attorney in a court having
jurisdiction.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That the district
attorneys, marshals, and deputy marshals of the
United States, the commissioners appointed by the
cirouit and territorial courts of the United States,
with powers of arresting, imprisoning, or bailing
■ offenders against tho laws of the United States, and
every other officer who may be specially empowered
by the President of the United States, shall be, and
they are hereby, specially authorized and required,
at the oxpense of the United States, to institute pro-
ceedings against all and every person who shall vio-
late the provisions of this act, and cause him or them
to be arrested and imprisoned, or bailed, as the case
may b&, for trial, before such court of the United
States or territorial court, as has cognizance of the
offense. And with a view to afford reasonable pro-
tection to all persons in their constitutional right to
vote without distinction of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, and to the prompt discharge
of the duties of this act, it shall be the duty of the
circuit courts of the United States, and the superior
courts of tho Territories of tho United States, from
time to time, to increase the numberof commission-
ers, so as to afford a speedy amd convenient means
for'the arrest and examination of persons charged
with a violation of this act; and such commissioners
are hereby authorized and required to exercise and
discbarge all the powers and duties conferred on
them by this act, and the same duties with regard to
offenses created by this act as they ore authorized by
law to exercise with regard to other offenses against
the laws of the United States.
SEC. 10. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
the duty of all marshals and deputy marshals to obey
and execute all warrants and precepts issued under
the provisions of this act, when to them directed ;
and should any marshal or deputy marshal refuse to
receive such warrant or other process when tend-
ered, or to use all proper means diligently to exe-
cute the same, he shall, on conviction thereof, be
fined in the sum of $1,000 to the use of the person
deprived of the rights eonferred by this act. And
tho better to enable the said commissioners to execute
their duties faithfully and efficiently, in conformity
with the Constitution of the United States and the
requirements of this aot, they are hereby authorized
and empowered, within their districts respectively,
to appoint, in writing,under their hands, any one or
more suitable persons, from time to time, to execute
all such warrants and other process as may be issued
by them in the lawful performance of tneir respective
duties, and the persons so appointed te execute any
warrant or process aforesaid shall have authority
to summon and call to- their aid the bys< anders or
posse comitatus of the proper county, or such portion
of the land or naval forces of the United Sta tes, or ot
the militia, as may be necessary to the performance
of the duty With Which they are charged, and to
insure a faithful observance of the fifteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States; and
such warrants shall run and be executed by said
officers anywhere in the State or Territory within
which they are issued. • t
' Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That any person
who shall knowingly and willfully obstruct, Timder.
or prevent any Ofiiocr or other person charged with
the execution of any warrant or process issued under
the provisions of this act, or any person or persons
lawfully assisting him or them from arresting any
person for whose apprehension such warrant or pro-
ccss may h&^o been issued, or shall rescue or attempt
to rescue such person from the custody of the officer
or other person or persons, or those lawfully assisting
as aforesaid when so arrested pursuant to the au-
thority herein given and declared, or shall aid, abet,
or assist any person so arrested as aforesaid, directly
Or indirectly, to escape from the custody of the offi-
cer or other person legally authorized as aforesaid,
or shall harbor or oonceal any person for whose arrest
a warrant or process shall have been issued as afore-
said, so as to prevent his.discovery and arrest after
notice or knowledge of tho fact that a warrant has
been issued for the apprehension of such person,
shall, for either of said offenses, bo subject to a hne
not exceeding $1,000, or imprisonment not exceeding
six months, or both, at the discretion of the court
by indictment and conviction before the district or
circuit court of tho tjnited States for the district or
circuit in which said offense may have beeacommit-
circuit in wuicn saiu uucuso ~—
ted, or before the proper court of criminal jurisdic-
tion if committed within any one of tho organized
Territories of the United States.
Sec 12. And lie it Jurther enacted, That the commis-
sioners. district attorneys, the marshals, their depu-
ties, and the clerks of the said district, circuit, and
territorial courts shall be paid for their services tho
like foes as may be allowed to them for similar ser-
vices in other cases. The person or persons author-
ized to execute the process to bo issued by such
commissioners for tho arrest of offenders against tho
provisions of this act shall be entitled to the usual
fees allowed to the marshal for an arrest for each
person he or they may arrest and take before any
such commissioner as aforesaid, with such other fees
as may be deemed reasonable by such commissioner i
for such other additional services as may be necessa-
rily performed by him or them, such as attending at
the examination, keeping the prisoner in custody,
and providing him with lood and lodging during his
detention and until the final determination of such
commissioner, and in general for performing such
other duties as may be required in the premises;
such fees to be made up in conformity with the foes
usually charged by the officers of the courts of justice
within the proper district or county as near as may
be practicable, and paid out of the Treasury of tho
United States on tbe certificate of tho judge of the
district within which the arrest is made, and to be
recoverable from the defendant as part of the judg-
ment in case of conviction.
Sec. 13. And be it further enactcd. That it shall be
lawful for the President of the United States to em-
ploy such part of tho land or naval forces of tho
United States, or of the militia, as shall be deemed
necessary to prevent tho violation and enforce tho
due execution of this act.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted. That whenever
any person shall hold office, except as a member of
Congress or of some State Legislature, contrary to
the provisions of the third section of the fourteenth
article of amendment of the Constitution of tho
United States, it shall be the duty of the district at-
torney of tbe United States for the distriet In which
such person shall hold office as aforesaid to proceed
against such person, by writ of quo loarranlo, return-
able to the circuit or district court of the United
States in such district, and to prosecute the same
to the removal of Such person from office; and any
writ of quo warranto so brought as aforesaid shall
take precedence of all other cases on the docket oi
the court to which it is made returnable, and Bhall
not be continued unless for cause proved to the satis-
faction of the court.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall hereafter knowingly accept or hold any
office under the United States, or any State, to which
he is ineligible under the third section of the four-
teenth article of amendment of the Constitution oi
the United States, or who shall attempt to hold or
exercise the duties of any such office, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor against the United States,
and upon conviction thereof beforo tbe circuit or
district court of the U nited States, shall be imprisoned
not more than oneyear or fined not exceeding §1,000,
or, both at the discretion of the court.
SEC. 16. And be it further enacted, 1 bat all persons
within the jurisdiction of the United States shall
have the same right in every State and Territory in
the United States to make and enforce contracts, to
sue, be parties, give evidence, and to tbe full and
equal benefit of all laws and proceedings lor the
security of person and property aa is enjoyed, by
white citizens, and shall be subject to like punish-
ments, pains, penalties, taxes,licenses, and exactions
of every kind,and none other, any law, statute, or-
dinance, regulation, or custom to the contrary not-
withstanding. No tax or charge shall be imposed or
enforced by any State upon anyperson emigrating
thereto from a foreign country which is not equally
imposed and enforced upon every person emigrating
to such State from any ether foreign country; and
any law of any State in conflict with this provision
is hereby declared null and void.
Skc.17. And be it further enacted. That any person
who, under color of any law, statute, ordinance, reg-
ulation, or custom, shall surject, or cause to be sub-
jected, any inhabitant of any State or Territory to
the deprivation of any right secured or protected by
this act, or to different punishment, pains, or penal-
ties on account of such person being an alien, or by
reason of his color or race, than is prescribed for the
.punishment of cilisens, shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and on conviction shall be pumsnea
by fine not exceeding $1,000. or imprisonment not
exceeding one year, or both, in tho discretion of the
C°Sec. 18. And be it further enacted. That the aet to
protect all persons in the United States in their civil
rights, and furnish the means of their vindication,
passed April 9,1866. is hereby reenacted; and sec-
tions sixteen and seventeen hereof shall bo enforced
according to the provisions of said act.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted. That if at any
election for Representative or Delegate in the Con-
gress of the United States any person shall know-
ingly personate and vote, or attempt to rote, in the
name of any other person, whether living, dead, or
fictitious; or vote more than once at the' simo elec-
tion for any candidate for the same office; or vote
at a place where he may not be lawfully entitled
to vote; or vote without having a lawful right to
vote; or do any unlawful aot to secure a right or an
opportunity to vote for himself or any other person;
or by force, threat, menace, intimidation, bribery,
reward, or offer, or promise thereof, or otherwise
unlawfully prevent any qualified voter of any State
of the United States of America, or of any ierritory
thereof, lrom freely exercising the right of suffrage
or by any such means induce any voter to refuse to
exercise such right; or compel orinducobyanysuch
means or otherwise any officer of an election in any
such State or Territory to receive a vote lrom a per-
son not legally qualified or entitled to vote , or in-
terfere in any manner with any officer of said elcc-
tionsin the discharge of his duties: or by any of such
means or other unlawful means induce any officer
of an election, or officer whose duty it is to asoertam,
