1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5577
uatc ill said western district; and for that purpose
shall have access to said records in the office of the
said clerks in said eastern district; and such trans-
cripts, when so made by either of said, clerks, shall
be certified to be true and correct by the clerk mak-
ing the same; and the same, when so made and cer-
tified, shall be evidence in all courts and places
equally with said originals.
bee. 11. And be it further enacted. That this act shall
not afl'ect the taking of the census in the State of
Virginia in A. D. 1870; but the same shall be had,
made, and taken as though this act had not been
passed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported j,o the Senate asamend-
ed ; and the amendment was concurred in. The
• bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
committee on enrolled bills.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, 1 move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 23GX, being a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Jethro Wood.
Mr. THAYER. On behalf of the Commit-
tee on Enrolled Bills, as the bills are accumu-
lating very rapidly, I move that the Chair be
authorized to add one member to the commit-
tee, to act for the remainder of the session.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. qsborn
was appointed.
HEIRS OF JETIIRO WOOD.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Trum-
bull.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Indiana, to take up the bill (H.
R. No. 23(51) for the relief of the heirs of
Jethro Wood, the inventor of the modern plow.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope it will not be
taken up.
Mr. HOWARD. There are other bills of
far more importance. I do not see any reason
for neglecting public business and taking up
this private bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us have the yeas and
nays on taking it up, and that will settle the
question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the bill be read,
so that we may know what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ThS bill will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Whereas Jethro Wood, of Cayuga county, New
York, the inventor of the cast-iron plow now uni-
versally used in this country, died in poverty aftor
devoting his fortune and his life to the introduction
ot his art; and whereas few men have conferred a
greater benefit on mankind than he did, by the in-
vention and practical application of this improve-
ment: Therefore,
lie it enacted, itc., That the Secretary oi the ireas-
ury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay to Phoebe
Wood and Sylvia Ann Wood, daughters of Jethro
Wood, deceased, in trust for the heirs of said Jethro
Wood, the sum of (fcS.OOO, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. CHANDLER. Did that bill come from
the House to-day?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No; it came
on the 7th of July. It is a bill heretofore
received from the House of Representatives,
referred to the Committee on Patents, and
reported from that committee. The question
is on taking up the bill, on which the Senator
from Kansas demands the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. That bill will undoubt-
edly lead to debate. I think if we have got so
near the end of the business of this session
that we must provide to pay for a pretended
patent fifty-five years old we had better adjourn
and come back here in the morning. I hope,
therefore, the bill will not be taken up. There
are several important matters that ought to be
acted on before we adjourn ; and I hope the
Senate will not take up this bill now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 19; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bayard.
Boreman, Buckingham, Cameron,Casscrly, Davis,
Kenton, Fowler, Harris, Johnston, Lewis, .MeJJonaiu,
■ Nye, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice. Scott,_S]>rague, feumner,
Thurman, Tipton, and Willey—25. t
KAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Oragm,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, llartnn, Howard, AIc-
Creery, Pomeroy,Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Sherman,
Thayer, Tiunibuil, Warner, Williams, and wil-
son—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow. Carpenter, tattell,
Conkling, Brake, Edmunds,Ferry,Flanagan. Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamlin, Howe, Howell, Kellogg,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Bevels, Saulsbury, Schurs,
Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Vieliers, and Yates—27.
So the motion was agreed to.
GUARDIANS Of INDIAN MINORS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask unanimous consent
to .concur in an amendment which has been
received from the House to a joint resolution
of the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 34) authorizing the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs to appoint guardians
or trustees for minor Indian children who may
be entitled to pensions or bounties under exist-
ing laws.
The amendment was to add the following
proviso:
And provided further, That the provisions of this
resolution shall extend only to Indians serving in
the ninth regiment ot Kansas cavalry.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment simply
confines the operation of the joint resolution
to the ninth regiment of Kansas cavalry.
Mr. HARLAN. Why should it be so con-
fined ?
Mr. POMEROY. In the first place nearly
all, and it is thought all of them, served in
that regiment, and as the amendment was put
on the resolution in the House of Represent-
atives I think it best to concur in it.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to hear the
resolution itself read. It is very short I be-
lieve.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-'
lows:
Whereas sundry Indians served in the Federal
Army, some of whom died in the service and others
sincc, leaving minor heirs; and whereas there is no
provision of law for said minor Indians to obtain
bounties, back pay, or other benefits to which their
ancestor was entitled : Therefore,
Resolved, &e.. That the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs is hereby authorized and empowered to ap-
point guardians or trustees of any of said minors,
and to take bond and security for the performance
of such duties; and such guardian or trustee shall
be authorized to collect from the Government all
such backpay, bounties, and pensions to which said
minors may be entitled, and to expend the samo for
the use and benefit of such minors, with the consent
and under the direction of any court of record of
the United States or of any Territory having juris-
diction at the pi ace where such minors may reside:
Provided, That the terms of the foregoing resolution
shall not apply to the Cherokee, Creek, or Seminole
nations of Indians, or conflict in any manner with
the provisions of the treaties of 18G6 with those
nations.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
The amendment was concurred in.
mary c. lane.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to correct a
mistake iu a resolution just passed, which
should have been a joint resolution instead of
a Senate resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont asks unanimous consent to
correct an error in a resolution which has been
passed.
Mr. NYE. Will that displace the pending
bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have just
been informed by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Claims that it should have been a
joint resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ Is there any
objection to the correction mentioned by the
Senator from Vermont, to make the resolution
referred to a joint resolution instead of a Sen-
ate resolution? The Chair hears none ; and
the Secretary will change the resolution to a
joint resolution.
The Secretary accordingly changed the form
of the resolution to a joint resolution (S. E.
No. 252) for the relief of Mary C. Lane; and
it was considered as read three times, and
passed.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILSON. I aslk unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Military
Affairs the bill (H. R. No. 2414) ceding cer-
tain jurisdiction to the State of Ohio, without
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the bill will beput
on its passage at once.
Mr. NYE. Let u.s proceed with the regular
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before pro-
ceeding with the bill called up on the motion
of the Senator from Indiana, the Chair will
take this occasion to lay before the Senate cer-
tain House bills.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were taken from the table, and, on
motion of Mr. Sherman, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance:
A bill (H. R. No. 2164) to amend an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved June 20, 1868 ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2411) supplementary to
an act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes.
CANNON FOR SOLDIERS' MONUMENTS.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 382) grant-
ing eight pieces of condemned cannon to the
Ladies' Soldiers' Monument Association of
Bridgeport, Connecticut, was read twice by
its title.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask that that reso-
lution be put on its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It directs the Secre-
tary of War to deliver to the Ladies' Soldiers'
Monument Association, of the city of Bridge-
port, Connecticut, eight pieces of condemned
cannon to be used in the erection of a monu-
ment in Sea Side Park, in that city, to tho
memory of the soldiers who fell in the war of
the rebellion.
Mr. POMEROY. That resolution ought to
be amended in conformity with the other reso-
lutions that we have passed, so as to donate
four pieces instead of eight.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out "eight" and inserting
" four." That is as many as we can afford to
give.
" Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope the amend-
ment will not be agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. And the word "iron"
should be inserted before the word "cannon."
Mr. WILSON. Yes, that change should
be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment, to strike out "eight"
and insert "four; " arid also to insert the
word "iron" before " cannon."
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope the resolution
will not be amended.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope so, too. It
has already passed the House.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Many of these bills pro-
vide for giving shot and shell, some of them
one hundred. I hope we shall not make any
exception in this case. Eight pieces are none
too many.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. Iproposein addition to that
another amendment, covering a bill, which is
now on the table, granting condemned ordnance
for soldiers' monuments in Lhe places named :
That the Secretary of War be, and lie hereby is,
directed to deliver four condemned pieces of ord-
nance to each of the following i>luee&, namely :
Quiacy, Illinois; Mornstown, Morris county, New
