4634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
expect? Sir, that little paltry bribe of paying
postage for me I disclaim. I oppose this meas-
ure upon the higher ground ol' principle, and
I am not to be arraigned for doing it by the
honorable Senator from Maine.
Mr. President, the fact being established that
we are to do in everything precisely as the hon-
orable Postmaster General tells us. I suggest
to my excellent friend from New York, [Mr.
CoxKLlis'g,] who is at least on his standing in
this matter, if not in command, that we should
obey him most implicitly, and I arraign Senators
here for not doing it. I arraign the honor-
able Senators from New York and from Maine
for not doing so, because we have a right to
assume that every reason that could be given
for this measure was given by the Postmaster
General. So cogent and potent were they that
that most enlightened com mittee stood as mute
before thetfl as the lamb before the slayer. Not
a word was to be added or taken back. Now
let me read what the Postmaster General says.
You will see that he has not a very high opin-
ion of Congress. In that he agrees, I have no
doubt, with my honorable friends from New
York and Maine, and of course he having said
it, it does not become me to dissent from it
but a little:
" The objection that Congress may desire to print
and disseminate public documents should not avail
against tlie appeal of the Department for deliverance
i'roru the fraud that is vast and overwhelming. If
the privilege be abolished official documents may
still bo forwarded in the mail."
What a heavenly privilege! He tells us what
can go in the mails in this communication, and
in the next one he makes he will tell us what
cannot go, I suppose; and then the Senator
from Maine and the Senator from Minnesota
will be as mute before his reasoning as they
are now. Sir, I remember when this country
was racked to its center by the idea that the
Post Ollice Department should undertake to
tell what should and what should not go into
the mail. That was in Mr. Van Buren's time.
I read on:
"It is only asked that they, like all other private
matter, may bo chargeable with postage. If it be
urged that this would prevent or impodo the diffu-
sion of the knowledge of public affairs among the
people, then it may be said in reply that if it be the
purpose of Congress to give information to the peo-
ple, afar more telling expedient may be resorted to."
That expedient remains to be brought forth
from the world. The next communication,
which wiil be heralded undoubtedly with more
4dat than this, will contain it, I suppose. I
go on:
*'An unburdened press"—
1 want the attention of the Senate to this, for
it is the amendment I am going to offer in his
own language—
"An unburdened press managed and directed by
private enterprise can do more toward enlightening
the masses."
Hearken to that assertion and the source
from whence it comes! They can do more than
Congress. Acting upon that assumption he
has gone on and told us how they can do more,
and what he wants us to aid him in doing, so
that they can do more.
"Better far that the franking privilege should bo
abolished, a,ml that all newspapers sent to regular
, bonajide subscribers from a known otlice of publica-
tion should be carried free, without regard to weight,
throughout the Dnited States, as now throughout
the ooui,ty wherein printed and published. The
receipts of the Department for the last year from
'newspapers andpamphlets'amounted to S7T8.8S2 30.
This portion of its receipts the Department can
forego."
Mark the language, "the Department can
forego." How?
"Provided it can be protected against the frauds,
more than three times in amount, inseparable from
the franking privilege."
T am now going to send up to the Chair an
appeal in behalf of the system of education
thai has the sanction of the learned and wise
Postmaster General, which ke declares is more
efficient than the wisdom of Congress ; and that
is quite likely, sir. In behalf of that mighty
agency of education, then, 1 make an appeal
to Senators upon this floor to adopt the amend-
ment which I will send to the Chair when it is
in order, in the language of the Postmaster
General, to allow newspapers from any known
office of publication to be sent to any bona fide
subscriber free anywhere within the reach and
domain of our public postal service ; and we
shall see what will be said to that.
My honorable friend from Maine let us know
there shall not be an i dotted nor a t crossed,
because this is the best thing that can possibly
be done in the bill, because it has received the
sanction of the Post Office Committee. Oh,
sir, how I regret that they had not enlightened
us as they did themselves. It would have saved
all this thing that has amounted to a crime in
discussion, undoubtedly. They have not done
it, sir. Is the Senate to act on the recom-
mendation of the Postmaster General? If he
is right in one ho is right in all. Convince me
that he is right in abolishing the franking priv-
ilege and I will go for anything he recommends.
Therefore, sir, in his behalf, 1 ask that the Sen-
ate will adopt that amendment without cen-
suring me for introducing it, for I have taken
pains that there shall not be one word of my
own in it. I offer the amendment which I
send to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment to the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Drake.]
Mr. DRAKE. I modify that by inserting
the word "five" in the blank, and by inserting
" 1st of August" instead of " 30th of June."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri to the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Nevada to the amendment
of the Senator from Minnesota will now be
read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That all newspapers sent to regular mid bona fide
subscribers from a known office of publication shall
be carried free, without regard to weight, through-
out the United States.
Mr. NYE. That is the language of the Post-
master General.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on this amendment to the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. STEWART and Mr. SUMNER called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered ;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 35 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Fowler, Gil-
bert, Harris, Lewis, McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Pool,
Rice, Robertson, J loss, Sawyer, Spencer, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, Viclcors, Warner, Wil-
liams, and Yates—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Casserly, Chandler, Conkling,
Cragm, Davis, Drake, Ion ton. Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, liarlan, Howard, Howe, Howell, Johnston,
McCreery, Morrill ol' Maine, Morrill ot Vermont,
Morton, N'ouno, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Sehurz,
Scott,, Sherman, Sprague, Thurman, Tipton, Willey,
and Wilson—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony,Cattell, Cole,
Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry, iTnnagan, Hamilton of
Maryland, Kellogg, Patterson, Bevels, Saulsbury,
and Stockton—li.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to strike out " the
1st day of August" and insert '1 the 1st day of
December.} J
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest that it should
be either October or January. It ought to be
at the beginning of a quarter. I am satisfied that
it ought not to go into operation immediately,
but it ought to be at the end of some quarter,
cither the 1st of October, the 1st of January,
or the 1st of July.
Mr. SPENCER. The main amendment, as
it now stands, isthe 1st of August, which is not
the beginning of any quarter.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will s:iy
"October" we will all agree to that.
Mr. SPENCER. I should like topostpone
it until after our fall elections.
Several Senators. Say October.
Mr. SPENCER. I will modify my_a3end-
ment and say " 1st of October."
Mr. THURMAN. I hope that amendment
will nit be agreed to. I can see no reason
why this measure, if it passes, should be put
off in its operation until the 1st day of October.
As to the suggestion that it may as well be put
off until the beginning of some quarter, it is im-
possible for me to perceive any reason for that.
It has nothing to do with the making up of the
accounts of the Department; it is simply
adding letters that pay postage which did not
before. It cannot affect the accounts of the
Department, and therefore, if the measure is a
good one at all, it ought to go into operation
as soon as it can reasonably.
The 1st of August will enable you to send
off all the documents of the present session,
and it will give you the whole of this session
of Congress to provide for the Post Office
Department. Anything beyond that, any ex-
tension beyond that, is simply perpetuating the
franking privilege; and if this privilege ought
to be abolished it ought to be abolished at
once, at least by the 1st of August, or it ought
not to be abolished at all. There is no reason
for extending it to the 1st of October that
would not be perfectly good for extending it
for twenty years. I hope, therefore, that the
1st of August, which was the time agreed upon
unanimously, I believe, before when it was
moved, will be retained in the proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
bama to the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota, to insert "October" instead of
"August."
Mr. THURMAN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered and taken.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Before the result was announced—
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent to
extend the time for a recess, that we may finish
this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Several Senators. There is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before announc-
ing the result the Chair will state that, by the
unanimous order of the Senate on Friday last,
the Senate at half past seven o'clock this even-
ing proceeds to the consideration of the South-
ern Pacific railroad bill.
The result was announced—yeas 35, nays
23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman, Car-
penter, Chandler, Cragin. Drake, .Fenton, f owler,
Gilbert, Harris, Howard, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill
of Maine. Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Robertson. Boss, Sawyer,
Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,Thayer, Tipton, Vickers,
Warner, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—35.
NAYS—Messrs.Bro willow,Buckingham,Cameron,
Casserly, Colo, Conkling, Davis, Hamilton of Texas,
Harlan, JIowo, Howell. Johnston, McCreery, Pratt,
Ramsey, Rice, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stockton,
Thurman, Trumbull, and Willey—23.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cattell. Cor-
bett, Edmunds, Perry, Planagan, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamlin, Kellogg, Patterson, Revels, Sauls-
bury, and Sckurz—11.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which we agreed on a recess this even-
ing, with a view to extend the time till five
o'clock, so as to finish this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Massachusetts moves to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate ordered that to-day at half
past four o'clock a recess should be taken.
Mr. CAMERON. Before I agree to that 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itisnotdebalable.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish to say—
Mr. SUMNER. Is that in order?
The "V ICE PRESIDENT. It is in order to
move to reconsider any proposition.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall vote for it if it is
understood that there is to be no speaking.
