1802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
Mr. HAIGHT. I would ask whether any
power is conferred by the bill on the corpor-
ators to sell their charter.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state !
his point of order.
Mr. COX. It is this: that it is not in order
in this House to put up a charter at auction,
hnd knock it down, whether for $1,000,000 or
$20,000,000.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the gentleman is not
a bidder he has no right to the floor. '
Mr. KERR. I desire the attention of the
gentleman for a trobment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Not now,
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman will hear
roe before he takes his sent.
Mr. INGERSOLL. My colleague ought to
have known that where the inconsiderable sum
of $5,000,000 is at stake my guarantee is suf-
ficient. [Laughter.] The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] knows that his proposition
is a mere proposition of brag.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman from Illinois
will permit me to say only three words, I can
assure him that I am entirely sincere, and that
the franchises proposed to be delegated to a
few men by this bill- will on Wall street com-
mand a capital of $20,000,000 as a bonus for
the subsidies that Congress gives them by this
bill; and as he has made reference to a remark
which I made in regard to the National Life
Insurance Coriipany incorporated by act of
Congress, and which Congress intended to be
located in this District, I will say that the fran-
chise is to-day worth $5,000,000, extending,
•as it does, throughout the United States of
America, and commanding a monopoly of the
insurance business.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Allow me to inquire
whefe your " three words" are to come in?
[Laughter. ]
Mr. WOOD. I sttppese the gentleman in-
tended that I should answer his question.
Mr. BIGGS. I desire to ask the? gentleman
a question. As this bill proposes to affect the
interests of my State, and as the gentleman
from Illinois has said that we can have this
charter for $1,000,000,1 would inquire whether
or not he has a right to sell this charter after
the passage of the bill ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have as ranch right
as the gentleman, or the gentleman from Ne#
York [Mr. Wood] has tooffer to buy it. Now,
no sort of brag, or buncombe, or braggadocio
will accomplish anything here. [Laughter.] I
want gentlemen to understand that.
Mr. COX. I hope he will, therefore, with-
draw his bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish he would tell .us
where it would have any effect".
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to accom-
modate my amiable friend from New York,
[Mr. Cox, j but Icannot consent to withdraw
the bill. We suppose that we have named as
corporaters in this bill gei^lettfeu who do not
wish to sell out. The conMBititae suppose that
the gentlemen named in this b511 propose to
build this road. Hence the opposition to it
here by the gentlemen from Maryland and New
Jersey and Delaware. They expect that if this
bill is passed the road will be built. It is a
legitimate business enterprise, demanded by
the business of the country, and by the rela-
tions of the eapital bete to the commercial
Center of the eouutry. It is demanded in con-
sequence of the management of the railroads
under the local laws of Maryland and New
Jersey. This charter, so far as I know, is not
for sale. The road is expected to be built, and
we hope it will be built.
Mr. SWANN. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether or not the incorporators named in this
bill have been consulted by the honorable
chairman of the committee and have agreed to
accept the trust?
Mr* INGERSOLL. I think they have not
been consulted. They have not been consulted
by me.
Mr. LOGAN. Then how do you know they
want their names in there?
Mr. SWANN. What evidence has thehon- |
orable gentleman that they intend to build the j
road ? i
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think they do.
Mr. SWANN. What information has he on
that subject ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will answer that. I
want the House to understand that the com-
mittee which reports this bill is not trifling with
this subject or with the House. The commit-
tee suppose that these men are men of capital
and business energy, and that they intend to
combine both and build this road. We are not
proposing that the House shall act on this bill
with a view that these men shall trifle with this
franchise, or shall appropriate it to their per-
sonal aggrandizement; nothing of that kind.
We have prohibited the sale or transfer of this
franchise to anybody in the world. It must
be exercised by the corporators herein named,
and by them alone. And unless they organize
within ninety days and complete the road within
three years from the date of the passage of
this bill this grant is to be absolutely void.
Does that look like business, gentlemen ? It
does to me.
Mr. SWANN# What evidence has the gen-
tleman that these persons mean to enter upon
this duty and complete this road and not to
transfer their interest to others ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. The bill expressly pro-
vides that it cannot be transferred. As I under-
stand it, the objection coming from the other
side rests upon the want of power in Congress
to create a corporation to build this road. The
vote of the House upon the amendment of the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swann] the
other day settles that question in advance.
The amendment of the gentleman amounts to
this in effect: that Congress has no power to
pass this bill without the consent of the States,
to establish this corporation to build a road.
The House voted on that amendment, and the
vote was some three to one against it—I can-
not now state the exact vote from memory.
Now, if gentlemen on the other'side desire to
debate this question after the House has already
voted upon it they may have all the time I
have remaining. I want the House, and gen-
tlemen on the other side especially, to under-
stand that I have no desire whatever to press
this bill to a vote now. If the House will not
second the call for the previous question, but
prefers to have this bill go on from morning
hour to morning hour, I shall take no excep-
tion. but rather be glad of it.
Mr. COX. As everybody who travels be-
tween this city and New York is interested
in this road, I want to make a suggestion to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll]
which may possibly carry his bill through Con-
gress.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It looks now very much
as if it would go through.
Mr. COX. I know the gentleman will hear
me.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Certainly I will.
Mr. COX. The gentleman is a good-natured
man.
Mr. INGERSOLL, Oh, yes.
Mr. COX. I would suggest to the gentleman
that if he would only strike out all the names
now in the bill as corporators and insert the
names of the members of this Congress it will
go through with a bulging majority.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will yield to the gen-
tleman to make that motion if he wishes.
[Laughter,]
Mr. COX. I do not want to move it
Mr. INGERSOLL. As my time is nearly
| out I will call the previous question, and if it
I is seconded I will then yield to gentlemen on
j the other side fifty-five minutes of the hour to
I which I will be entitled.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I offered an amend-
ment which I wish voted on.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] permit the amend-
ment to be offered?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let it be again read.
The amendment was read; and was to add
to section seven the following:
And either party may appeal from the award thus
made to tho district court of the United States of the
district, or to the supreme court of the District of
Columbia, as the case m y be, such appeal to oe taken
within twenty days of the findiug of the award, and
to be taken by the service of notice on the opposite
party. But such appeal shall not prevent tho com-
pany from entering upon the property in contro-
versy, provided the amount of the award is deposited
with tho clerk of the court for the owner of tho
property.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I have one or two
other amendments which I wish to offer.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot yield to the
amendment which has been read, or to the
other amendments of the gentleman; but I will
yield to an amendment by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] after which I will
call for the previous question.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to strike out the
name " W. McEvoy" and insert in lieu thereof
the name of " Marris Hoopes." Mr. McEvoy
has died since this bill was reported.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I now call the previous
question on the bill a3 amended.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
When this subject was last before the House
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swann]
was in possession of the floor at the close of the
morning hour. My point of order is that the
gentleman from Maryland cannot be taken from
the floor by the gentleman from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] is correct in his state-
ment he is too late in raising his point of order.
Mr. WOOD. I raise it now so that the right
of the gentleman from Maryland, under the
rule of this House, may not be taken away
from him.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] understand that the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swann] was
entitled to the floor when the consideration of
this subject was resumed this morning?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I did not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point f>f order. The Chair will state the con-
dition of the question. This bill was introduced
twenty minutes before the expiration of the
morning hqur on Thursday last. The gentle-
man from Illinois had the floor during the
remainder of the m orning hour, and was entitled
to the floor for as much of this morning hour
as would make sixty minutes for him, which
is now within three minutes of its expiration.
The gentleman from Illinois now calls the pre-
vious question upon the bill as amended.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes 71, noes 62.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 67, noes 71.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, the bill reported
by the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Railways and Canals is one of so much import-
ance connected with the internal improvement
system of the country, and involves principles
so vital to the powers of the States, that I can-
not permit it to pass without comment. Had
it been suggested by the reasonable demands
of " commerce between the several States" or
the necessity of a freer communication with
the seat of the Federal Government than that
which exists now, by those whom it was designed
to facilitate, it might have come before this
House with a better show of plausibility than
its leading features would seem to indicate.
But such is not the case.
