2746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
the inhabitants of such county or district a sum of
rnonoy sufficient to pay the expenses of the trans-
portation of such troops from the pointwkenco they
were ordered to the point of their operations in such
county or district, and all other expenses of his com-
mand, except pay and olothinst, while such command
shall bo there stationed for the purpose aforesaid.
This is what the Senator from Illinois de-
nounced as monstrous, and the Senator from
Iowa denounced in equally formidable terms.
But mark what the Senators from the States
whose soil is nightly drinking the blood of their
slain tell you ; they say it is the very thing that
is wanted there to give them peace. How is it
to give peace? By its direct operation upon
the people whose countenance and assistance
keep the bands of Kuklux in existence. Bear
in mind the great fact lying at the bottom of the
whole Kuklux organization, that its very ex-
istence depends upon the sympathy and coun-
tenance of the great mass of the people in the
particular locality where any such organization
exists. Bear in mind that if you can by any de-
vice withdraw that sympathy and countenance
the organization will at once cease; it cannot
live in a community that is adverse to it. I pro-
pose to make the whole southern people, rebel
as well as loyal, adverse to violence and wrong,
and especially to the Kuklux, by calling upon
them to pay the expense of protecting that whole
region Ironi those gangs of fiends in human
shape; and as nearly the whole population in
any region where those gangs commit their
depredations is with them in feeling, if not in
act., it would follow that almost the whole ex-
pense of the troops would be collected from
that class which makes that expense neces-
sary.
And now, Mr. President, I say to you from
observation that the very moment you send
troops into a county infested with the Kuklux
and begin to levy a contribution upon the peo-
ple there for the support of those troops, that
moment the word will go, as the Senator from
North Carolina said in liis speech the other
day, throughout the whole order from one end
of the South to the other, "Disband," and
I hey will disband.
In Missouri during the rebellion there was
nothing that more effectually brought rebels to
their good behavior than the knowledge that
their pockets would have to answer for their
displays of rebelism. And so in these southern
States ; go into a region infested by the Kuklux,
where nearly tho whole population is in sym-
pathy with them, and let it be understood that
their pockets are to be touched, and they will
see quicker than you can imagine that the
midnight tramp shall no more be heard among
them.
I told the Senate the day I introduced this
amendment, and tell them again, that a law
similar to this was passed in Missouri after the
collapse of the rebellion to meet just such a
case as I am now trying to meet. " Once the
Governor was compelled to send a company
of militia into a county to Suppress Kuklux
outrages, and they had not been there ten days
before the whole population begged, almost on
their knees, that the Governor would take the
troops away, and promised that every man,
rebel and loyal, would guaranty the future
peace of that county. They were taken away ;
and I mention it as an instructive fact now,
which Senators may heed or not as they please,
that that ended all such transactions in Mis-
souri. One single exercise of that power closed
up the operations of the Missouri Kuklux.
Send your military into Kuklux regions in the
South, armed with the powers given in this
amendment, and Kuklux operations will be
closed there too.
But the great point of objection by the Sen-
ator from Iowa was that this measure would
punish the innocent as well as the guilty. Sir,
there is no punishment in it; it is drawing sub-
sistence from the people for the power that is
to protect the people. Send your troops there
into Alamance county, North Carolina, for
instance, and begin to levy contributions upon
the people to pay for their support, and where
you would take one dollar from a loyal man
you would take twenty dollars from rebels.
And do you not think that those loyal men
would rejoice at tho chance of paying for their
own protection m that way ? Every southern
Senator will tell you that they would. They
would be the last to complain. They love life
more than money, and to save life and enjoy
the blessing of peace they will cheerfully bear
their share of the expense of the force that is
to save life and give peace.
Mr. President, Iliad no thought when I rose
to speak that I should have occupied half tho
length of time I have ; but the subject lias led
me on. I have now stated my reasons for
wishing this amendment to pass. I submit it
to the judgment of the Senate. I submit to the
judgment of the Senate, too, from the remarks
that I have made, the motives which have im-
pelled me to offer it. Let it not be supposed
that in my heart is any rankling of malignity
against the southern people that I would desire
to gratify by such a law as this. My sole object
is to bring peace there. I do not wish to hear
any more that awful blood-cry coming from the
South.
Oh, Senators, if the cry of the blood of one
man was so great that it ascended to the throne
of God himself, how can wo shut our ears to
the blood-cry of the thousands of slain who
have fallen on southern soil since the day that
Lee surrendered at Appomattox? Do we owe
nothing as Senators to our own consciences, to
our people, to humanity? Do we owe nothing
of duty to the God whose providence is over
and around us every day of our lives, that we
should turn a deaf ear to the wailing cry that
comes up from the desolated homes whoso hus-
bands and fathers, by thousands and thousands,
have been shot down by the wayside assassin
or murdered at midnight by these American
Thugs?
I can say 110 more, Mr. President. God will
judge between Senators and their own con-
sciences in this matter. I do not pretend to
judge them. But, for myself, 1 can hardly name
a cause in which I would sooner lay down the
poor remnant of the life that God has given
me than in that of suppressing this midnight
tramp of death in the stricken region, to which
it is in your power to give peace by the adop-
tion of the plan X have now defended before
you.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, as the Sen-
ator from Nebraska [Mr. Thayer] is not in
his seat, I will take the liberty of intruding
upon the attention of the Senate for a very
brief moment. I should not venture again
but for remarks that fell from the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Caiu'ESTeb,] and may 1 say,
sir, that I have waited in my seat day by day
since he made those remarks, hoping that he
would see the propriety, if not the duty, of
rising and withdrawing them. lie has not done
so, and before I proceed to comment on them
I shall send them to the. desk and ask to have
them read. I wish the Secretary to bo good
enough to read what is marked.
The PRESIDING Ol'h'LCElt, (Mr. Pome-
koy in the chair.) The extract will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Carpenter. Mr. President, I entirely con-
cur in. the opening remaik of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner, | that -whatever may be the
fa to of this bill, this debate will not speedily be for-
gotten. It will not be forgotten, and it will consti-
tute a mournful chapter m American history. It is
worthy of everlasting remembrance, as showing how
high the tides of intellectual license can rise, even in
a constitutional country. All tho loose thought and
wild talk inspired by a civil war, confined hitherto to
newspaper editorials and inflammatory speeches on
the stump, at length have found utterance 111 this
high place; all this extravagance and absolute wild-
ness are sanctioned, sanctified, and canonized by the
indorsement of the Senator from Massachusetts. We
are taught that old things have passed away, and
that the Constitution itself, so long rcspeeted and
reverenced by all our statesmen, is henceforth only
interesting to the political antiquarian. We are toid
in substance, that whatever Congress in its wisdom
deems advisable to be done that it has the undoubted
power to do; and any man who indulges in a consti-
tutional scruple stands in the way of modern pro-
gress, and is hostile to tho rights of man.
"The Senator from Massachusetts scorns to seek
authority forourlegislation in tho worn-out and dis-
carded Constitution. He says, in substance, do you
ask for the source of power in Congress to continue
the Governor and Legislature of aStatofor two years
beyond tho term for which they were elected by the
people, for two years beyond the term fixed by tho
constitution of the State under which thoy wore
elected, and cannot find it in tho Constitution of the
United States, then seek for it in the Declaration of
Independence, and if it be not embodied in the gen-
eralities of that revolutionary pronunciamento, do
not be at all discouraged; there is a virgin source of
power—full, bccausc never before drawn from—in
the phrase e pluribus itnum; and, says the Senator,
it argues an utter ignorance of language that ought
to exclude any man from respectable society who
cannot find flie specific grant of any needed power
in that last refuge, e pluribua unuml That any man,
that any Senator, and most of all, that a Senator
from Massachusetts, in the right line of succession
from Daniel Webster, should arguo thus, should
trifle thus with the Constitution of the'United States,
that of itself will secure to this debate aconspicuous
place in tho history of constitutional debate."
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, you have
heard this extract j you have taken note of its
tone, of its temper, of'its personality. Have I de-
served any such thing from any of my associates
on this floor? Have I deserved any such thing
from the Senator from Wisconsin? Ihavenever
alluded to that Senator except in kindness ;
and in the speech to which he replies I made
no allusion to him whatever. He followed me.
My speech will be found in the Globe immedi-
ately before his remarks precisely as I made
it. Therefore can I set the actual speech face
to face with his misrepresentations. 1 use strong
language, but consider this extract and you
will find that the misrepresentations are more
numerous than the sentences. I begin. The
Senator says:
" All tho loose thought and wild talk inspired by a
civil war, confined hitherto to newspaper editoiials
and inflammatory speeches on tho stump, at length
have found utterance in this high place."
What ''loose thought?" Let the Senator
point it out. Let him exhibit it in argument
and 111 debate ; but let there be no unsupported
allegation founded on misconception at least,
if not positive misrepresentation. I challenge
the Senator to indicate one word—here is the
speech as reported—which can justify him in
his imputation. Nor is there anything which
the Senator will not find in speeches again and
again, made by myself on this floor and in
other places—again and again. Indeed, I hesi-
tated to speak because I was unwilling so often
to repeat myself, so often to urge the great
truth that we are indeed at last a nation.
The Senator then proceeds:
"All this extravagance and absolute wildness are
sanctioned, sanctified, andcanomzed by tho indorse-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts."
How? By what language? Asain, will the
Senator point it out? Here is the speech. I
call him back to the text.
Then again he says :
" We are taught that old things have passed
away.''
We are taught that slavery has passed away
and those interpretations of the Constitution
which were fastened upon it by slavery. This
is what we are taught. I have never said in
any such general language as the Senator
charges upon me. that old things have passed
awaj, for does not the Constitution itself re-
main ?
Then again the Senator charges that I say
that—
"The Constitution itself, so long respected and
revcrenced by all our statesmen, is henceforth only
interesting to the political antiquarian."
Where have I said any such thing? Where
except in the disturbed imagination of the Sen-
ator, seeking to introduce an old theory, the
exploded theory of State rights on this floor,
can any such thing be found?
" Only interesting to tho political antiquarian."
How unlike the reality! What extravagance
of misrepresentation !
Sir, I invoke the Constitution perpetually,
and insist that it shall be rescued from those
perverse interpretations which have found an
