1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2747
unexpected representative in this Chamber. I
rely upon the Constitution. Never did I accept
the theory, which I have heard sometimes on
this floor and sometimes elswhere, that what
was done throughout our war was contrary to
the Constitution, or outside of the Constitution.
Sir, it was all done under and within the Con-
stitution. By that Constitution we have all the
great powers of a nation, with the transcendent
rightof self-defense, which enables us to do all
that any nation may do for its safety. It is not
necessary to go outside of the Constitution.
My friend [Mr. Howard] is right. Everything
is within the Constitution. It is only in the
imagination of the Senator from Wisconsin
that it is outside.
Then says the Senator again :
"We arc told in substance that whatever Congress
in its wisdom deems advisable to be done, that it has
the undoubted power to do."
Whohaseversaidtliisthing? Notl. Unques-
tionably I have said that whatever Congress in
its wisdom deems advisable for the safeguard
of human rights, all this under the Constitution,
it is empowered to do. I have never said that
Congress is a chartered libertine to do what it
pleases, at will disregarding the Constitution.
No. I accept the Constitution from beginning
to end; but I insist that it shall be rescued
from perverse interpretations. This is all. The
Constitution rightly interpreted and nothing
more.
Then says the Senator again, in his indict-
ment :
"Any man who indulges in a constitutional scruple
stands in the way of modern progress, and is hostile
to the rights of man."
When and where have I said any such thing?
Shall I reply to him? Any man who seeks to
set up State rights against human rights does
stand in the way of the rights of man, does set
himself in the way of civilization itself. But
there are proper occasions for constitutional
scruples. There are occasions that I recog-
nize, amply, willingly. I have iny scruples,
making it impossible for me to sanction any-
thing against human rights. Here is just occa-
sion for scruple. The Senator gives his scru-
ples to the other side.
Then, again, the Senator says with positive
allegation which might go into an indictment:
"The Senator from Massachusetts scorns to seek
authority for our legislation in the worn-out and
discarded Constitution."
Here are precise words; I read tliem from the
speech; and he uttered them immediately after
I had made the speech to which I will again
call attention. After setting forth what I called
the plenary powers of Congress to settle the
Georgia question in any one of three different
ways, first, by reducing the State to a Territory ;
secondly, by extending over it military juris-
diction ; and thirdly, by protracting the pres-
ent provisional government, and giving to it a
new lease of power, I said, " Do you ask the
power to do this? I give it to you in the text
of the Constitution." I will read from the
speech:
"Do you ask where these powers are found?"
Those are my words.
"Of course, in the two constitutional amendments
already proclaimed, being ample sources if none
others existed. Out of those Congress is authorized
to do all that is needed to enforce emancipation and
to protect the rights of the citizen."
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator will
allow me 
Mr. SUMNER. I would rather finish what
I have to say. The Senator will have his day
in court.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
koy in the chair.) The Senator from Massa-
chusetts declines to yield.
Mr. SUMNER. The two constitutional
amendments are already part of the Constitu-
tion, and they are unquestionable as sources
of power. All this I said :
" Out of these Congress is authorized to do all that
is needed to enforce emancipation and to protect the
rights of the citiaen. This is plain, very plain.
"But there are three other sources, each of which
is syerfloffing."
And now let me say, as I discuss this ques-
tion- in the form of personal reply, I would not
go into it if I did not deem the question so
vital in the business before us, and if 1 did not
believe—the Senator will pardon me—that the
heresies which he flaunts in this Chamber are
most injurious to the peace of the country.
Here is what I said :
"But there are three other sources, each of which
is overflowing._ The first is from the necessity of the
case, ex necessitate rei. This is the very ground on
which Chief Justice Marshall asserted the power of
Congress over the Territories; butitisequally appli-
cable in the work of reconstruction."
Mr. CARPENTER. Will not the Senator
allow me to ask him a single question ?
Mr. SUMNER. I would rather the Sen-
ator would wait until I get through, and then
he can interrogate me as much as he pleases.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 am afraid I shall
forget it by the time you get through.
Mr. SUMNER. I proceed:
"From tho necessity of tho case this power must
be in Congress, as without ^reconstruction could not
bo accomplished. You must ronouneo reconstruc-
tion or recognizo this power."
All this is under tho Constitution. The
Senator is familiar with the decision of Chief
Justice Marshall, to which I refer here in the
first, volume of Peters's Reports. I then pro-
ceed to another source of power, as follows:
"Then comes tho 'guarantee clause,' which is
another bountiful all-sufficient fountain. The Uni-
ted States are to guaranty a republican form of gov-
ernment to the States. But this guarantee cap bo
executed only through Congress, This clansc is at
once old and new. It is old as tho Constitution
itself, but it is new in its practical exercise. And tile
reason is obvious. So long as Slavery prevailed this
mighty power slept; but it was the sleep of a giant.
At last it has awaked never again to sleep or slum-
ber. From this time forward tho duty of tho nation
to guaranty a republican government to all its parts
will be constant and ever-present, and this duty is
rcenforced by a,ll needful powers."
Then, perhaps too much at length, I pro-
ceed to discuss what I have often discussed
before, here and elsewhere, the vast importance
of this great power under the guarantee clause.
On this I have built from the beginning. It is
now more than eight years since I first pre-
sented to the Senate this great question. Too
long this power has slept; but at last it has
awaked. And yet in the face of this positive
appeal to the Constitution, in one of its grand-
est texts, we have the Senator saying :
"Tho Senator from Massachusetts scorn's to seek
authority for our legislation in tho worn-out and
discarded Constitution."
Why, sir, I went to the Constitution again
and again. I went there by a process of re-
duplication, and moretlianreduplication. lwas
not content with giving you one source, but I
gave you scverat sources, all in the Constitu-
tion. And am I not right in my conclusion as
to the constitutional power? It is my belief
that we are a nation; and I am sure, unless
history is at fault, the great leadersandguides
of our people intended at the adoption of the
Constitution that we should be a nation, the
disturbing dogmas of the Senator from Wis-
consin to the contrary notwithstanding. Com-
ing into this Chamber he seeks to undo this
great aspiration and effort for nationality, and
insists that we are nothing but a group of States.
Sir, 1 insist that wc are a nation. Such was the
aspiration of our best men. John Jay, writing
to John Adams, who was at the time our min-
ister in London, under date of May 4, 1786—
this was just before the adoption of the Con-
stitution—thus breaks forth :
" One of the firn wishes of iny heart is to see the
people of America become ono nation in every re-
spect; for, as to separate Legislatuies, I would hare
them considered with relation to tho Confederacy
in the same light in which counties stand to tho
States of which they are parts, namely, merely as
districts to facilitate the purposes of domestic order
and good government."
J ay was not the original author of this idea.
Mr. CARPENTER.^ Will the Senatorallow
me to a«k him a question here?
Mr. SUMNER. When I get through; excuse
me now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator declines to yield.
Mr. SUMNER. Jay was not the author
of this idea. It goes further back. It was
Franklin who first alluded to the States "as so
many counties." Madison's desires were dif-
ferently expressed, but all harmonized in the
same result. _ After declaring against what he
calls "the individual independence of the
States" on the one side, ana "the consolida-
tion of .the States into one simple republic "
on the other side, he sought what he ealled "a
middle ground," which if it varied from that
of Jay was essentially national. He would
have—I now quote from Madison—
" A due supremacy of tho national authority and
leave in force the local authorities so far as they
can be subordinated useful."
But it is to Washington that we are to look
for the most authoritative statement. In a
letter to Jay, dated the 1st of August 1"8G,
after insisting upon the importance of a " coer-
cive power"—mark this word—"coercive
power," he says:
" I do not conceive we can exist long as a nation
without having lodged somewhere a power which
will porvadethe whole Union in as energetic a man-
ner as tho authority of the State governments ex-
tends over tho several States."
And he then adds:
" To be fearful of investing Congress, constituted
as that body is, with ample authority for national
purposes, appears to me the very climax of popular
absurdity and madness."
And yet this very timidity is what we are
doomed tci encounter in this body, being what
Washington oven in that early day called " the
very climax of popular absurdity and mad-
ness." Strong words, but strictly applicable
to tho pretension as we see it.
But Washington went still further, when on
another occasion he denounced State sover-
eignty as "that bantling," and then again as
"that monster;" and yet that bantling and
that monster are brought in the arms of the
Senator from Wisconsin into this Senate Cham-
ber and laid before the conscript fathers of the
Republic.
Thesearegreat names; butl mightgo through
the list. There isGouverneur Morris,who you
all know was the member of the convention
who held tho pen at the last moment in adjust-
ing the text of tho Constitution and reducing
it to form. What said he in the convention?
He began early by explaining the difference
between " Federal" and " national." Accord-
ing to him the former implied " a mere com-
pact. resting on the good faith of the parties
the latter "had a complete and compulsive
operation.'- Here again mark the phrase,
"compulsive operation." This is the Gov-
ernment that we have, thank God! On an-
other occasion he declared that the States were
"nothing more than colonial corporations."
In point of law at the time the statement was
perfect and could not be controverted. On
Another occasion ho exclaimed :
" Weeannotannihilate them, but wemay lake out
the teeth of tho serpents."
But it is the teeth of these serpents that the
Senator from Wisconsin occupies himself here
in sharpening.
There, also, was Wilson, the jurist, after-
ward an honored member of the Supreme Court
of tho United States. No one who reads his
writings and speeches can fail to admire his
gentle nature and also his learning, first gained
in his early Scottish home. He, too, was for
a national Government, and he did not think
it inconsistent with "the lesser jurisdiction of
States," which he would preserve. He would
not " extinguish these planets, but keep them
in their proper orbits for subordinate pur-
poses." Hewas too much of a jurist to admit
that '• when the Colonies became independent,
of Great Britain they became independent of
each other," and he insisted always that they
became independent "not individually, but
unitedly." In this distinction is the whole case.
It was as a unit that the States became inde-
pendent, and by this token they are a nation.
Then there was Elbridge Gerry, of Massa-
chusetts, afterward..a>.distinguished member
