1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1803
I am prepared to show that the existing
system of roads converging at the seat of Gov-
ernment now in operation or in progress of
construction is more than adequate to all the
requirements of trade and travel, whether
viewed in a national or local point of view;
that no urgent necessity exists for a change in
that system; that the tariff of rates upon freight
and passengers upon these roads compares
favorably with that of other roads similarly
situated; that the assertion of the power to
take from the States the right of eminent do-
main within their own borders, to charter roads
and canals, and to exercise supervision over
the same as incident to the power "to regu-
late commerce between the States," is calcu-
lated to disturb all the preconceived theories
which have governed the action of our Legis-
latures for more than half a century, indeed I
may say since the foundation of the Govern-
ment In further illustration of this view I
am prepared to show that the exercise of this
power by Congress cannot fail to interfere
most disastrously with the large capital which
the States have already invested in their great
works of internal improvement, an argument
which applies with like force to all the States,
by building up a forced competition, with the
aid, countenance, and sympathy of the Gen-
eral Government, to favor one interest at the
expense of another.
1 am not an advocate, Mr. Speaker, for any
restricted, exclusive, or prohibitory policy in
regard to the construction of works of internal
improvement looking to the development of
the commercial, agricultural, and manufactur-
ing resources of the country. I am in favor
of roads wherever the wants of a community
require them to be built. But the Constitution
has wisely left the control of this important
subject to the States, and the States have not
been wanting in a proper appreciation of the
responsibility which it imposes. I should dep-
recate any interference on the part of Congress
in matters of this sort over which they have no
constitutional control. If thepeople want addi-
tional facilities they will Beek them through the
States whose soil is proposed to be occupied,
and without whose consent the granting of
charters by Congress would be attended with
gross injustice.
The fact cannot be ignored, and I refer to
it here as entitling her to some credit on this
floor, that the State of Maryland was the
pioneer in that great system of intercommuni-
cation between the States and remote sections
of our Union, which has already more than
doubled our national wealth, and through its
agency contributed more than any other by
her early efforts to the productive power of
the States remote from the commercial cen-
ters, by affording them access to convenient
and profitable markets. Limited in popula-
tion, limited in capital, as compared with some
of her sister States on the sea-board, Maryland
was strong in her geographical position, and
her power to create and build up by a bold,
liberal, and comprehensive policy, occupying
as she did the very center of more than one
thousand milesof the Atlantic coast, and claim-
ing the shortest and most direct practicable
communication with the great producing States
of the West. Taking St. Louis as the center
of a large tract of territory, intersected by the
Pacific railroad, an air-line road from Balti-
more, Philadelphia, New York, and Boston
to that remote point would represent respect-
ively, seven hundred and two, seven hundred
and sixty-five, eight hundred and thirty, and
nine hundred and seventy miles, showing an
apparent advantage of two hundred and sixty-
eight miles over the most distant in favor of
a grand commercial and distributing harbor
on the Chesapeake.
It will be recollected that the original propo-
sition, invoking the interference of Congress in
chartering new roads contemplated a disturb-
ance also of the existing system west, as well
as north and east, and I refer to it in connection
with the general subject. Dispensing with con-
jectural " air lines" and coming down to more
practical figures, as established by actual sur-
veys, Baltimore is nearer to Cincinnati than
any of her sister cities of the sea-board. She
is nearer than Philadelphia by eighty miles, and
New York by one hundred and fifty-six miles.
With Boston there is no comparison. In this
connection my attention has been drawn to a
recent letter from the vice president of the Bal-
timore and Ohio Railroad Company to the sec-
retary of the Chamber of Commerce of Cincin-
nati, in which he says:
"The_ Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, in
oonneotion with the Marietta and Cincinnati Rail-
road Company, has availed of these advantages by
establishing and generally maintaining rates to and
from the West in favor of Baltimore, as compared
with Philadelphia on east-bound freight."
In presenting these and similar views I shall
assume that the interests of the city of Wash-
ington and the seat of the Federal Government
are identical with those of Baltimore, to the
full extent at least that she could expect to
profit by these facilities, allowing for her less
advantageous position as a commercial and
distributing center.
I quote from my address before the Mary-
land Institute, when president of the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company:
" As far back as the year 1784 the far-seeing eye of
Washington was prompt to indicate the importance
of a connection between the Atlantic States and the
rich and productive country bordering on the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers. The western States, says (hat
illustrious man, in a letter to the Governor of Vir-
ginia, stand as it wore on a pivot—the touch of a
feather would turn them any way. They have looked
down the Mississippi until the Spaniards, very im-
politieally I think for themselves, threw difficulties
in their way; and they looked that way for no other
reason than because they would glide gently down
the stream, without considering, perhaps, the diffi-
culties of the voyage back again and the time neces-
sary to perform it in, and because they have noother
means of coming to us but by long land transport-
ations and unimproved roads. But smooth the road
and make easy the way to them, and then see what
an influx of articles will be poured in upon us; how
amazingly our exports will be increased by them,
and how amply we shall be compensated for any
trouble and expense we may encounter to effect it.
"The early education of Washington had been
partly that of an engineer, and he was the first to
suggest the idea of binding together remote States
of this confederacy by a grand system of intercom-
munication, thereby breakingupitscentrifugal tend-
encies, and strengthening, by ties of common inter-
est ana commercial interchange, the elements upon
which our free system must ultimately depend. In
fixing his residence-upon the. banks of the Potomae
river it cannot be doubted that he foresaw, dimly
though it might be, the faint glimmerings of future
events, and looked forward to a period when, the
mighty avalanche of western commerce breaking
through the barriers of the Appalachian chain, would
one day seek its cUbouch6 upon the waters of the
Chesapeake, imparting at the same time life and
activity and prominence to its remotest tributary.
"Nor was ihis conception of his great mind per-
mitted to sleep. The Indian and the pack-horse led
the way in this work of primitive engineering which
was soon to engage the skill of more matured science.
Population continued to flow on in its feverish inarch
of civilization and conquest. The great West be-
came buoyant with the pursuits of industry, and the
claims of a stern necessity soon led to the establish-
ment of the greatnational highway which for aperiod
of so many years, and until the recent triumphs of
modern enterprise, furnished the means of inter-
course-between the remote West and the Atlantic
sea-board. The State of Maryland and the city of
Baltimore, alive to the advantages of their geo-
graphical position, were not inattentive observers-
of the progress of events."
The public convenience has not suffered
for a single moment bv the inadeqaaoy of the
present system of roads running either north
or west of the national capital to meet all
the requirements of trade and travel. At all
periods and nnder all circumstances the public
demands have been promptly and liberally met.
Even during the war the power of the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad at no time reached its max-
imum capacity, and the transportation of troops
and munitions of war was conducted with such
skill and promptness as to challenge the admi-
ration of the war Department at times when
human endurance would seem to have been
unequal to the trying emergencies through
which this road passed.
The complaint of high tolls and rates of fare
is equally without foundation. If you will take
the toll-sheets of the Central Pennsylvania, the
New York and Erie, and the New York Cen-
tral roads, similar in many of their leading
characteristics, and affected by the same exter-
nal causes, you will find that if there is a mate-
rial variation in the iates of charge it is in
favor of Maryland's great work. That it is so
is not surprising when you consider the advan-
tages of our position and the easy facility and
low rates at which fuel is obtained, constituting
as it does so important an element in the run-
ning expenses of a road.
I am quite aware, Mr. Speaker, that much
dissatisfaction has grown up in consequence
of the bonus charged upon passengers over the
Washington branch. I regret that any such
feature should have been incorporated in that
charter. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company proposed to give one fifth of the gross
earnings irom passengers as a bonus for the
use of the State's credit in constructing this
road, and the State of Maryland accepted it.
If the bonus had been capitalized and paid in
the bonds of the company, and the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company had regulated
her tolls so as to meet the interest upon her
obligations, no more would have been heard
of it. But as it stands now, under the terms
of the law, it is construed as a capitation tax
on passengers, and as such has been severely
condemned. How far it may have operated in
keeping up rates on this road I can only say
that the rates between Baltimore and Wash-
ington are not materially higher, on an average,
than upon many roads where no bonus has
been exacted. The question now resolves
itself into a contesWbetween the State of Mary-
land and the company, and I believe that the
time is not far distant, perhaps during the
present session of the Legislature, when this
feature of the charter will be satisfactorily
adjusted so as to put an end to all clamor upon
this point.
I yield for a moment to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Twichell.]
Mr. TWICHELL. I move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until
Thursday, March 31, and be made a special
order for that day after the morning hour.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Does the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Swaxn] yield for that motion ?
Mr. SWANN. I wish it to be understood,
that I shall reserve the right to finish the speech.
I am making.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The metion is only an
indirect way of killing the bill.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Maryland yield to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Twichell] to make the motion?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope not.
Mr. SWANN, I will, with the understand-
ing that it does not come out of my hoar.
The SPEAKER. There ooald be no assent
of that kind except by unanimous consent.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I tfbject.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Maryland decline to yield?
Mr. SWANN. I do. The varions routes
from Washington to the West are such as to
place the seat of Government in a position not
to be improved by any interference by Con-
gress to change or multiply these lines. The
Metropolitan road is expected to be finished-
in little more than a year; and this, in con-
nection with the Pittsburg and Connellsville
road, also in coarse of construction, niust in-
sure connections from the West and Northwest
most important m their bearing upon the com-
merce of the two sections. The Washington
branch of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, by
its connection with the Northern Central rail-
road at Baltimore, and its extension through
Harrisburg into Pittsburg, as an alternative to
the Pittsburg and Connellsville road, will give
a connection with that important commercial
center. The chain of railways through Gor-
donsville and Charlottesville to Staunton, or
through the Manassas gap and Strasburg to
the same point, thence prolonged to Coving-
