8692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
rong." An option was reserved to accent the open-
ing of Simonoseki or some other new port in lieu of
the payment of tho indemnity in money. The Ty-
coon subsequent!* declined to open the port, and
elected to pay tho money. The iirst installment of
*500,000 whs, in part, paid on tho 4th September,
ISw, and the United States are in possession of
their aliquot share of the installments which Itere
fallen due.
1 do not find that reparation was even demanded
of Choshuor the Tycoon, specifically, for the injuries
to the Monitor, or that any specific amount or pro-
portion of the general indemnity received by our
Government had been appropriated to reimburse
them, or indeed that the pecuniary extent of those
injuries have been adjusted.
, Mr. Pruyn, in his letterof October 29,1804. (Diplo-
matic Correspondence, vol.3, p.582,)remarking upon
the option of the treaty Powers to accept a new port in
full or in part payment, snys that "in the eventof his
makiug the offer of a porta moderate pecuniary fine
may beiinposed. Ineithercnse provision will beinade
tor a reasonable indemnity for injuries sustained by
the Wyoming  nd Monitor, aud lor the insult offered
to our flag by the attack on those vessels." I under-
stand him to mean by this that a iund will bo pro-
vided adequate to those objects; not that a specific
arrangement, providing forsums of money to be paid
in consideration of these injuries would be made with
the'i'ycoon. It is sufficient that the contingency did
not arise which called for, or would admit of any dis-
cussion with the Tycoon. of the question whether he
should pay, or should be esteemed as having allowed,
any specific co mpensation on account of the Monitor.
i'tie simple fact appears to be that we, in concert
with the other treaty Powers, made use of our power
to extort from the Tycoon a promise to pay the sum
of $3,000,000 as a me ins of inducing him to open a
new port to commerce. Mr. Pruyn states himself to
have agreed to the substitution of $3,009,000, instead
of $2,000,000, as the sum to be demanded, because he
" thought it more likely to lead to the substitution
of a port as a material compensation for the expense
of the expedition." (Correspondence of 1864, vol, 3,
p. 582.) We probably got, and are in the way of get-
ting considerably more money than we can well
account tor by way of satisfying expenses or indem-
nities for material injuries. We are in the possession
of a fund amply sufiicient to indemnify onr citizens.
We have released the Japanese Government, and
should pay whatever it ought to have paid; and
this, by its assumption of the engagements of tho
rebel daimio who committed the wrong, is whatever
he ought to have paid.
It is well tor the claimant that our obligations
became fixed at the time of the convention by which
the Tycoon agreed to pay the money, and we to
receive it in lull discharge ot .indemnites! For in
the February following (1865) Mr. Brake, the owner
of the Fee Pang or Monitor, entered with that vessel
into theunopened port ot'Simonoseki, in the territory
of the prince of Nagato, then in rebellion against
the Tycoon, and there purchased of that prince
another steamer—the Senkatsimos. (or Launcefield,)
which had been damaged in an action with our inan-
•of-war, the Wyoming. I say purchased, for he took
the vessel in charge with a power of attorney from
the prince to sell her, which he subsequently used to
effect a conveyance of her to his own firm. He
repaired the Launcefield sufficiently to enable her
-to be towed by the Monitor to Shanghai, where the
two steamers arrived with about fifty subjects of the
prince of Nagato on board.
These facts Me stated in Mr. Portmnn's dispatch
to Mr. Seward, of August 30, 1865, (No. 49.) The
Japanese Government complained of their proceed-
ing, both as a violation of our treaty, whioh excluded
the Monitor from the unopened port, and as giving
aid and couifort to the rebel prince by enabling him
to withdraw his damaged vessel from its exposure
.to fall into the hands of bis sovereign, the Tycoon,
in the operations to reduce bis rebellion.
I think it dear that if his (Mr. Drake's) elaim for
the injury to the Monitor had been under discussion
with the Tycoon wo should have declined to pros-
ecute it for him.
The claimant, Mr; Miller, became the assignee of
the interest of Horace K. Drake (one halt) by deed
dated July 5, 1866, and of the interest of Piatt
Oonklin (three eighths) by deed dated September
30. 1S66. These instruments, properly proved, are
on file in the Department. The remaining interest,
(one eighth,) so tar as there is any evidence before
me, is outstanding in the bands of one Alphonee T.
iViends, who was part owner and captain of tho
Monitor. Mr. Miller submits that the sum of $35,000
ia a reasonable compensation for the damage "and
the great ruk of lifeand property incurred." I think
nothing should be allowed lor risk of life and prop-
erty.
■ Drake, the former part owner of the Monitor, and
Benjamin W. M«>rall, who was the book-keeper nnd
confidential clerk of the owners, H. K. Drake & Co.,
at Shanghai, at the time of the injury, taade affida-
vits in November last, in which they estimated the
damages, immediate and consequential, in conse-
quence of her being fired into, at $49,9001 They,
however, gave no detail of the items of damage nor
the basis on which they estimated it.
I think Mr. Miller has a just claim for the amoant
of actual damages to be ascertained. It will require
an act of Congress to authorize any payment, and
that act may provide for the mode of liquidating the
•uai.
E. PE8HINE SMITH,
Examiner of Claim*.
Upon a conference with Mr. Pruyn, subsequent to
.the date of the above report, I obtained an impres-
sion that the damages are grossly exaggerated, and
that it would probably require the taking of testi-
mony in China to ascertain the just amount.
E. P. S.
The committee was satisfied that, to tho amount of
the actual damage sustained by the steamer, Mr.
Miller had a just claimupontheindemnity fundpaid
to the United States by the Government of Japan.
This damage, however, the committee think was
not large, and was enormously exaggerated in the
affidavit of Drake.
The committee was not so far impressed with the
equity of this application as to see any propriety in
recommending that theexpenses of the claimants in
ascertaining the amount of their damages bepaidout
of this fund. Yet it is probable, under the resolution
as it came from the Senate, thi? might be fairly
claimed. Nor did it seem wise to provide for the
appointment of commissioners to take testimony in
the case, ns such a course would probably be attended
with considerable expense.
In order to shut out all possibility for the allow-
ance of any claim except for actual damages, as well
as to avoid any unnecessary expense in ascertaining
the facts which the Secretary of State may think ne-
cessary in reaching a oorrect conclusion as to the
actual damage sustained by the Monitor, the com-
mittee thinks a resolution somewhat more guarded
and restricted than that which passed the Senato
should bo adopted; and therefore recommends a sub-
stitute for the Senate resolution, and the passage of
tho substitute by the House.
C. W. "WII/LAUD,
For Committee.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask to have read the
convention with ihe Japanese Government.
Mr. CULLOM. I would ask the gentleman
if it is worth while to have it read, as there
seems to be no Opposition to the joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. WILLARD. I think it had better be
read.
The Clerk read the convention.
Mr. CULLOM. I would inquire if this claim
has not been before the Committee on Foreign
Affairs for a number of years? If I remember
right the committee considered this case when
I had the honor to be a member of that
committee, and perhaps reported against it,
although 1 am not sure about that.
Mr. BAN KS. That was another bill on the
same subject.
Mr. CULLOM. While I am upon the floor
let me make another inquiry. I desire to in-
quire what is the proposition in the bill reported
to the House? Is it to pay these parties a par-
ticular Amount, or is it to allow sotnebody to
roam about and ascertain what these parties
ought to have?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
the best way would be to invite everybody who
has ever been in Japanese waters at any time
to come here and take a share of this Japanese
indemnity fund.
Mr. WILLARD. If the House will give
me their attention I think I can explain this
claim so that they can understand what it is,
and just how far it has ahy equity and justice
to support it.
In the first place, Inlay as well state just what
is proposed by this joint resolution. The joint
resolution which passed the Senate and came
to this House provides that the Secretary of
State shall ascertain and allow the damages
which ought to be paid to the owners of the
steamer Monitor, or Fee Pang, their represent-
atives or assighs, for the injuries sustained
from being fired into by the batteries of the
Daimio of Nagato, in July, 1864, and that the
sum allowed by the Secretary of State, together
with the expenses attending the ascertainment
thereof, shall bo paid out of the moneys re-
ceived for indemnities from the Government
of Japan.
The second section of the Senate joint reso-
lution authorizes the Secretary of State to ap-
point a commissioner or commissioners to take
testimony in Japan or elsewhere in relation to
such damages, and to report to him; and th t
any consular or diplomatic officer who may be
so appointed shall be entitled to a reasonable
compensation, to.be allowed by the Secretary
of State, in addition to his official salary or
emoluments. ■ _
The Committee- on Foreign Affairs of this
House.deemed that joint resolution too general
in its terms; that under the resolution, if there
was any just claim, more might be allowed than
in justice ought to be allowed. They there-
fore recommend the adoption of a substitute,
which gentlemen will see, if they have been
attending to this case, is quite different from
the Senate proposition. The lirst section of
the substitute directs the Secretary of State to
ascertain by competent proof and to allow the
actual damages sustained by the steamer Mon-
itor, or Fee Fang, by the shot from the batteries
when that steamer was fired into by the bat-
teries of the Daimio of Nagato, July 12, 18G4,
and provides that, the sum allowed by the Sec-
retary of State shall be paid to the owners of
said steamer or their legal representatives or
assigns out of the moneys received for indem-
nity from the Government of Japan.
The second section of the substitute provides
that the Secretary of State may authorize the
taking of testimony in Japan or elsewhere, if
in his judgment the interests of the United
States may require testimony to be so taken, in
relation to such damages, and that any con-
sular or diplomatic officer in Japan may be
appointed to take such testimony, and any
expense necessarily incurred in taking such
testimony shall also be paid out of the Japan-
ese indemnity fund.
Mr. CULLOM. This is the same bill which
I referred to, and which in a previous Congress
was considered by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. WILLARD. The report which has been
read here, embodying as it does the report of
Mr. Smith, the examiner of claims of the State
Department, who once heard this testimony,
presents the facts as they appeared before the
committee. The facts are these: this steamer
Monitor, or Fee Pang, owned by some parties
who have since then assigned their interests in
this matter, entered a port in Japan that was
not open to commerce, and of course they
entered it against the regulations of that port.
The excuse they made, and which has been
made in the proof, and which there is no rea-
son to doubt, as far as the case shows, was that
they were out of eoal and fresh water and in
distress; and the steamer was fired into by the
batteries of that port.
Now, whether the steamer received any
actual damage, Certainly the committee were
not fully apprised. In my judgment, and I
heard the statement that was made by Mr.
Miller, who represents the parties in interest
here, the injuries actually sustained by this
steamer from the shot from the batteries were
very slight indeed, very trifling. In fact, I am
not certain that any proof could be made that
there was any actual damage sustained from
that cause.
But the parties, when they presented their
claims Xo the' Secretary of Stdte and made
their proof before Mr. Smith) the examiner of
claim*, insisted that the consequential damage,
the damage occasioned by this firing, from the
delay occasioned by it, from the fact that they
were unable to get any coal in that port, and
so were obliged to burn green wood, which
burned out their boilers and compelled them
to buy new boilers, that these facts furnish the
ground for a proper claim for damages to be
paid out of this Japanese fund.
The examiner of claims says in his report,
and I certainly agree with him fully in that
respect, that the evidence in regard to the
damage was necessarily very largely exagger-
ated and very.indefinite. They estimate the
damage, tot the actual damage, but the re-
sulting, the consequential damage, at $30,000.
It is very clear that if aBy bill had been
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs
asking an appropriation of thirty or forty thou-
sand dollars out of that fund the application,
under ordinary circumstances, would not have
been entertained for a moflaent. But the com-
mittee could not overlook the fact that this
convention, not on its face, bat,in the under-
standing of our then minister to Japan, Mr.
Pruyn, was intended to cover Whatever damage
