5580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
to the nation, "Give to the heirs of Jethro
Wood all they ask at the hands of a generous
and a grateful people." It is the sum .of
$25,000. _ Had Jethro Wood's invention been
made while there were laws to protect his
pat'ent, he would have reaped from it what Ful-
ton and Morse reaped from their inventions ;
but there was then no law to protect it, and
there was one constant series of invasions on
his rights from the time it was patented till he
died. He reaped, therefore, no pecuniary re-
ward at all; and the question is now submitted
to a people of forty millions in number whether
they will gratefully remember the great bene-
factor of his race and the instrumentality by
which farming was made profitable, by giving
to his heirs a grateful recollection, the little
sum they ask as a remuneration for their
father's toil and their father's genius.
Sir, I hope the Senate will not hesitate.
This bill has already secured the approval of
the other House, composed of the immediate
Representatives of the people. I am author-
ized to say by one of its members, sitting
before me, that it passed that body by over
two thirds majority. They are the immediate
Representatives of the people, coming from
every farming district in your land, and they
go to their constituents to receive their grate-
ful benediction for having-remembered the
heirs of their benefactor. 1 hope, sir, the bill
will pass the Senate without a dissenting vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves to postpone the
present and all prior orders for the purpose of
proceeding to consider the bill indicated by
him.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to lay this bill on
the table, which is to give $25,000 to the heirs
of Jethro Wood ; and on that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Chandler, Cole,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Osborn, Pomeroy, Robertson, Ross, Saw-
yer, Schurz, Sherman, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Warner, "Williams, and "Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreman.Bucking-
ham, Oattell,Conkhng,Corbetl,Cragin, i'enton, i'ow-
ler, Gilbert, Harris, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Mc-
Donald, Nye,Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Spencer, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, and Willey—25.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter,
Casserly, Davis, Drake, lildmunds, Feiry, Flanagan,
Hamlin, Howell, Morton, Patterson, Pool, Revels,
'Saulsbury, Scott, Stockton, Thayer, Vickcrs, and
Yates—21.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I confess I was a little
surprised that my colleague thought he could
defeat this bill after the experience we have
had. Why, sir, who has asked the Senate to
give anything this session where the Senate
has not complied? The only popular bills in
the Senate are the bills to give away something,
if a railroad company comes and asks for a few
million acres of land, the Senate makes haste
to make away with much of public domain.
When a widow came and asked us to give her
a couple of islands in the Pacific, we made
haste to give them to her.- Now, when these
two ladies come and ask us to give them only
$25,000, the Senate feel disposed to give that
and to go into the business of rewarding not
simply inventors, but the children of inventors.
Where are we to end if we go into that busi-
ness? How many inventions are there that
have been useful? This plow was undoubtedly
a useful invention, though scarcely used any
more, owing to the great improvements made
since. Is that a reason for this application?
In my own State a man named Parker, who
was tile inventor of a mill-wheel, did quite as
much for this country as ever Jethro Wood
did by inventing a cast-iron mold for his plow.
He died poor, so poor that his estate had not
enough to bury him. If we go into the busi-
ness of rewarding the heirs of all benefactors
of the country who have made inventions of
usefulness, where are we to stop ? There are
thirty thousand patents now existing granted
by the United States—nearer forty thousand
than thirty thousand ; many of them useless ;
many of them very valuable. Is Congress to
pay for the want of gain of everybody who has
invented something useful? •
Look at the invention that has so much ben-
efited the human race in the way of anesthet-
ics. Think how much they alleviated the suf-
ferings of your soldiers during the war under
the terrible surgical operations that had to be
performed. Think how much they benefit
mankind all the time. Are you prepared to
vote twenty-five, fifty, or one hundred thou-
sand dollars to the inventors of anasthesia ?
What is the difference between the cases? It
will not do for my friend from Nevada to get
up and deliver a beautiful bucolic here on
agriculture. It was extremely beautiful, it is
true, but it was very much like our reading at
school when we were making our way as best
we could through the bucolics of Virgil. That
will not do. That is very eloquent; that is
very beautiful, indeed; the sentiments are all
very just and very poetically expressed; but
that will not justify the Senate of the United
States in entering into a system of giving great
sums of money to the discoveries of inventions
like this or anything else. I do not think you
have the people's money for any such purpose
as that. You have the power given you in the
Constitution to reward inventors by granting
them patents. That is your power, not a power
to put your hands into the purse of the people
and take their money to give away as a mere
charity.
Now, sir, I say if you once begin with this
there will be no end of it. You have begun a
civil-pension list already in the pension granted
to Mary Lincoln. By that you have inaugu-
rated a civil-pension list, and the Lord only
knows where it will end. Now you propose
to inaugurate another system—a system of
rewarding inventors who have failed to make
profit out of their inventions.
Mr. NYE. 1 wish to ask the honorable Sen-
ator a question before he sits down : whether
in 18-10 Congress did not pass a law for the
relief of the heirs of Robert Fulton?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know whether
they did or not.
Mr. NYE. I think they did, and gave them
over seventy thousand dollars.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know whether
they did or not.
Mr. NYE. Then I assert that they did,
according to the best of my recollection.
Mr.'ITi URM AN. I do not remember whether
they did it or not. It matters not, however,
whether that was so or not. That would only
show just what I have said, the bad effect of a
precedent of this kind. If something was given
to Robert Fulton's heirs on account ot that
most extraordinary discovery of his, the appli-
cation of steam to purposes of navigation—and
certainly there never was a more meritorious
claim than that-—it only shows how the exam-
ple being once set will be followed ; for here,
at the end of fifty years or more, since Jethro
Wood's discovery, we have now a proposition
to give $25,000 to the heirs of a man who dis-
covered that a mold-board for a plow might
be made out of iron. The next thing will be
to give the heirs of some man who has discov-
ered anew hair-pm a reward. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. A single word in reply to the
honorable Senator. He has stated truly when
he says that the patent laws now give ample
protection to inventors.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 intended to answer my
friend on that. There never has been a day
since the Constitution was formed and your
courts organized that the courts did not give
protection to patentees.
Mr. NYE. The history is different, as re-
ported in this very case, upon the best evi-
dence.
Mr. THURMAN. It requires no statute at
all to authorize your courts to punish a man
who pirates a patent. The power is in the
court itself, a common-law right.
Mr. POMEROY. I am not going to prolong
this discussion; I simply say that the very basis
upon which this bill stands is that the patent
laws did not protect him, and sharpers got his
invention away from him. Now, I am ready
for a vote.
Mr. PRATT. Before the vote is taken, in-
stead of submitting to the Senate any remarks j
of my own, I wish to present to the Senate two -j
or three testimonials in favor of the utility of £
this invention, and showing the poverty in
which Jethro Wood died. The first quotation
is from the agricultural report of 1866 :
''Although Mr. Wood was oneoffchegreatest bene-
factors of mankind by his admirable invention, he
never received for all his thought, anxiety, perplex-
ity, and expense a sum of money sufficient to defray
the expenses of a decent burial."
Again, as to the point made by the Senator
from Ohio, that this invention has been meas-
urably superseded by subsequentinventions. In
that the Senator is entirely mistaken ; and on
that point I read a quotation from Mr. Brain-
erd, examiner of agricultural implements in
the Patent Offioe, who says, in a letter dated
April SO, 1870:
" Jethro Wood's plow I believe to be the first in
which all the parts most liable to wear could bo re- •
placed in the field with no other expense than the
price of the casting. la this particular alone the
invention is priceless. His form of mold-board is
another feature of great importance, a feature that
has in orto foitn or another been incorporated into
numbers of the more modern improvements in plows."
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
make one suggestion to him ?
Mr. PRATT. I am about through. I will
b£ through in one moment, sir.
" In short, I can say that there is scarcely a pi ow now
manufactured that does not embrace in its structure
the loading features brought to the notice of the
public by the patient and persistent efforts and skill
oi Jethro Wood."
Now, one short quotation of four or five lines
from the late Secretary of State, Mr. Seward,
and then I will be done. William H. Seward
in a letter says:
"I am fully satisfiod that no citizen of the United
States has conferred greater economical benefits on
tins country than Jethro Wood; none of her bene-
factors have been more inadequately rewarded; none
has left a purer or better or more helpless family to
appoal to her justice and gratitude."
And now, Mr. President, with these quota-
tions, I submit the question to the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I think it
proper to state that my colleague [Mr. Vickees]
is detained by reason of indisposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 20 ; as follows :
4 YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cattell, Conkling, Cragin, Benton, Fowler,
Gilbert, Han is, Johnston, Lewis, McDonald, Nye.
1 ratt, Rico,Spencer, Spraguc, Stewart, Sumner, and
W liley—22.
NAYS—•Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Chandler, Cole,
Corbctt, Hamilton ot Maryland, Harlan, Howard,
Howe, McCreery, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver- -
inont, Osborn, Pomeroy, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer,
benurz, Scott, Sherman, Stockton,Thurman, Tipton,
Trumbull. Warner, and Williams—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Davis, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Flan-
agan. Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Howell, Kellogg,
Morton Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Revels, Sauls-
bury, lliayer, Viekors, Wilson, and Yates—2J.
So the bill wa3 rejected.
message! from toe house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that tne House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
li. No. 2082) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 18/1, and for other purposes.
