2748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
of the great Republican party, who once sat
in your chair, sir. He was as strong on this
point as Gouverneur Morris, insisting that "we
never were independent States, were not so
now, and never could be, even on the princi-
ples oi'the confederation." This is positive,
but correct. Here again are we a nation.
Rufus King, of Massachusetts, touched a
higher key in the Convention. He declared that
"every man m America should be secured in
all his rightsand he then added that these
should not be "sacrificed to the phantom of
Mate sovereignty," that phantom which the
.Senator from Wisconsin so constantly holds
ui> in this Chamber to the sacrifice of human
nuhw. Why, sir, he might learn from Charles
Pmckney, of South Carolina, who in this same
national Convention employed words of far-
reaching national significance, when he said
"Every freeman has a right to the same pro-
tection and security." And again this South
Carolinian declared, "Equalityis the leading
feature of the United States." Thus were we
a nation, with Equal Rights as our leading prin-
ciple.
Such is the testimony of the great authors
of our Constitution; first, that we were a na-
tion ; secondly, that our nation was dedicated
to human rights. In the face of all this testi-
mony we are told that Congress has no power
to impose conditions on States, to impose lim-
itations on States. This is the voice we now
hear. I hold in my hand a speech worthy of
constant memory which will not be uninterest-
ing in this connection. It is entitled " Speech
of Hon. Johx A. Bixgham, of Ohio, on the
President's message, delivered in the House
of Representatives January 13, 1857"—more
than ten years ago. Listen, sir, to this testi-
mony. It is an ail-sufficient answer to the
Senator:
"The attempt was made in the constitutional Con-
vention to secure to the new States which might bo
thereafter admitted into the Union the game priv-
ileses thus retained by the original States, but it
failed. On the 29th ot August, 1787, a proposition
was made in that Convention to provide by the Con-
stitution for the admission of new States ' on the
same terms with the original States,* (5 Elliot's I)e-
baies, p. 493.) This proposition was rejected, a-nd the
provision adopted and inserted in the Constitution
as it now stands, that 'new States may be admitted
by the Congress into this Union.' Why were tho
words 'upon t'ncsauietcrmswith the original States'
rejected by the Convention, and excluded from the
Constitution? Manifestly, to declare plainly and
distinctly tho intention of tho framers of the Consti-
tution that new States should not come into the
Union of right and upon the same terms with tho
original States; but only by tho consent of Congress,
upon such terms and under such restrictions as
would subject tlicm to the spirit of the Constitution,
not only as it was originally framed and adopted, but
also as it might be thereafter amended."
These are not my words; they are the words
of Mr. Bingham; but I gladly adopt them.
Often in my humble way have I expressed the
same conclusion, and, to a certain extent, sus-
tained it by the same reasons ; but never lias
the case been stated more clearly or conclu-
sively. Let the Senator from Wisconsin answer
this authority.
The Senator then proceeds with his indict-
ment, saying of the Senator from Massachu-
setts:
"Tie s.iys, in substance, do you ask for the source
of power in Congress to continue the Governor and
Legislature of a State for two years beyond the term
lor which they were elected by the people, lor two
years beyond the term fixed by the constitution of
the State under which they were oleoted, and can-
nut find it in the Constitution of the United States,
then veehfovit in the JJeelaratioti of Independence, and
,f it be not cmhodiejl in the generalities of that revolu-
tionary pronuneiamento"—
Senators, take notice of these words—
"do not be at all discouraged; there is a virgan
,-ouico of power—full, because nover before drawn
ii'orn—in tho phrase e plnribus vnvtii ; and, says tho
Senator, it argues an utter ignorance of languago
that ought to exclude any man from respectable so-
ciety who cannotfmd thespecific grantof any needed
power in that last refuse, eriluribus mum."
Was the Senator in earnest? Did he mean
■vhat he said? How shall I characterize such
language? Read my speech again. From be-
ginning to end there is no allusion in it to the
Declaration of Independence, though I might
well have invoked it, as I shall in a moment,
but there was no allusion to the great Declara-
tion, not a word ; and as to the national motto,
you shall hear what I said of it. • I should like
to see the Senator who is not ready to adopt
what I said. I read from the speech:
" Do you ask for the power in tho Constitution"—
Again it is " the Constitution"—
'' to enter into a State and establish republican gov-
ernment? I give it to you in an immortal toxt."
That text is the guarantee clause which I have
already commented on, and which I likened,
borrowing an image from Cicero, to that ancient
senatus consultum, which he likened to the
sword long sleeping in its scabbard, but which
he drew forth to smite the Catilinian conspir-
ators, as we draw forth ours to smite our con-
spirators, worse than those of Catiline. There-
fore was I right when I said :
"I give it to you in an immortal toxt. To question
it is to show an ignorance of languago, wliicn in this
ease is clear beyond criticism, and an ignorance also
of the true genius of American Institutions, where
unity of rights is the Alpha and the Omega. Tho
national motto, /- Pluribus Unum, is another expres-
sion of that groat unity by which tho States are lost
in tho nation."
Is there a Senator here who dissents from
this ? Is there a Senator here who is not will-
ing to accept that great idea of unity which is
so felicitously conveyed in the national motto,
One out of Many ? The motto first appears in
a report of Franklin's. Is he, too, to be dis-
honored in this new crusade by the Senator
from Wisconsin ? I then proceed:
"And this guarantoe I now invoke for the protec-
tion of the good people of Georgia, and for the pro-
tection hereafter of Human Eights when imperiled
anywhero within the limits of the ltepublic."
Why for the protection of human rights when
imperiled anywhere within the limits of the
Republic ? Because by this guarantee clause,
Congress is invested with plenary power to se-
cure republican government. By this com-
mission is Congress the perpetual guardian of
human rights everywhere within these great
and glorious limits. No theory of State rights,
no dogma revived and set on its legs by the
Senator from Wisconsin, can interfere with this
beneficent power. Do not forget that all this
is in the Constitution ; nor is there anything
there more worthy of regard.
I should not have alluded to this latter count
in the indictment at all, I should have regarded
it as too trivial, where all is trivial, but for tho
utterance it contains, which I mean to hold up
now to public judgment. Says the Senator:
" Then seek for itin the Declaration of Independ-
ence, and il it bo not embodied in the generalities of
that revolutionary pronuneiamento, do not be at all
discouraged."
Sneh is the manner in which the great Dec-
laration is held up, I might almost say to scorn,
by the Senator from Wisconsin. But he has
no monopoly of this vocation. We all know
that his predecessor in his present career on
this floor, John C. Calhoun, denounced the
self-evident truths of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence as "absurd;" andlhave heard one
of the followers of John C. Calhoun, in this
Chamber, denounce them as "a self-evident
lie;" and the Senator knows well that a valued
friend of his own and of mine, who has passed
away, in an unhappy moment characterized
the great self-evident truths as "glitteringgen-
eralities." Who is there, with tenderness for
the name of Choate, who does not wish that
this record could be blotted out? And now
the Senator from Wisconsin comes forward
with the same utterance in another form. It
is, "the generalities of that revolutionary pro-
nuneiamento." Generalities! How? They
are declared to be "self-evident truths," and
the Senator knows that self-evident truths are
always universal. The nation from the begin-
ning has recognized them as political axioms,
and it is of the very essence of an axiom to be
universal. Generalities! The word as used
by the Senator is to belittle these great truths,
at once self-evident and axiomatic. He cannot
do it. Let him try to drag a star from the
skies. It would be a kindred work. I wish
the Senator, when he reconsiders what he has
said, would be good enough to let us know
which of these truths he now discards or dis-
misses to the category of '' generalities of that
revolutionary pronuneiamento." I read from
the Declaration:
"Wo hold these truths to bo self-evident, that all
men are created equal; that they are endowed by
their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that
among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness; that to secure these rights Governments
are instituted among men, deriving their just powers
from the consent of the governed."
Does the Senator say that men are not equal ?
Does he say that they are not endowed by their
Creator with certain inalienable rights? Does
he say that just government does not derive
its powers from the consent of the governed ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I say it does, and so
I go for the Bingham amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Where does he place him-
self? Here is his speech, in which he degrades
this Declaration as "the generalities of a
revolutionary pronuneiamento."
Mr. CARPENTER. I did not say they were
untruths though.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says he did
not say they were untrue. Nor did our friend
Rufus Choate say they were untrue. But the
Senator does say that they are the'' generalities
of a revolutionary pronuneiamento." If that
means anything, it means that they are not to
be regarded. The Senator waves them out of
exister.ee. He dismisses them from this debate.
Of course to him they are of no authority,
much less of any permanent obligation.
Now, sir, I will not read what I have said
before on this head, for I have often discussed
it; but 1 will read the language of our own
historian, George Bancroft, who makes what
I might call the perpetual record of sentiment
on this question. Speaking of the committee
who framed the Declaration, he says:
"Of the committeeappointcdforthatduty Thomas
Jefferson, of Virginia, had received the largest num-
ber of votes, and was in that manner singled out to
draft tho confession of faith of tho rising empire."
"The confession of faith of the rising em-
pire. '' What says the Senator ? 1' The general-
ities of that revolutionary pronuneiamento !"
Then, in another place the historian says:
"This immortal State paper, which for its com-
poserwas thoAuroraof enduring fame,was 'thegen-
uine effusion of the soul ot tho country at that time,'
the revelation of its rnind when in its youth, its
enthusiasm, its sublime confronting of danger, it rose
to tho highest creative powers of which man is capa-
ble. The bill of rights which it promulgates is of
rights that nro older than human institutions, and
spring from the eternal justice that is anterior to tho
State."
Then again, he says:
"Tho heart of Jefferson in writing the Declaration
and of Congress in adopting it beatfor all humanity;
the assertion of right was made for the entire world
of mankind and all coming generations without
any exception whatever; for tho proposition which
admits ot exceptions can never be self-evident."
Then again, as if anticipating the very objec-
tion of the Senator, the historian says:
"In tho next place the Declaration, avoiding spe-
cious and vague generalities, grounds itself with
anxious carc upon the past, and reconciles right and
fact."
Such is the voice of history ; but if you go
back to contemporary authority you will find
testimony completely in harmony. Thatrarest
political genius, Alexander Hamilton, who
lived at the time, declared most triumphantly
that " the Union had complete sovereignty,"
and that " the Declaration of Independence
was the fundamental constitution of every
State." Sir, Hamilton was right. It was
owing to slavery that tho principle was not at
once universally recognised; but now that sla-
very is dead the Declaration of Independence
lives, and it will live notwithstanding the
assaults of the Senator.
There are two great title deeds which our
country holds; one is the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, which first breathed into this nation
the breath of life, and the second is the national
Constitution, which supplied the machinery of
