1870.
HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4«
that law to be admitted into the Union again.
This is the record, we have made as Congress.
Now, I ask whether it is honorable in us to
stand up here and take back all that we have
said, and to say to Virginia that although she
has complied with all the conditions imposed
by us she must comply with other conditions
before she shall be admitted?
Mr. WARD. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether he attaches any import-
ance to the seventh section of that law, which
provides that all the acts of Virginia shall come
again under the approval of Congress before
she shall be admitted as a State into the Union?
Does not that law clearly indicate that her
admission into the Union shall be dependent
upon the consent of Congress ? Does the gen-
i tleman attach any importance to that section?
! Mr. LOGAN. I do. But what importance ?
' It may be great or small. The conditions which
, we imposed upon Virginia she lias complied
with.
It is a question now whether Congress will
do what it said it would do or not. It is a
question whether the representatives of the
people are honorable men or not. And while
you denounce the people of Virginia—perhaps
they deserve it; I am not contending that they
d.o not—and are expressing your fears that
they will not act in good faith, I ask, how is
t it with yourselves ; are you acting in good faith
S with Virginia now ? You presume they wiHaet
> as we are attempting to act now, that is in such
I a manner as will reflect discredit and dishonor
I on them.
i If President Grant, since he sent down his
r annual message to Congress, has ascertained
i any good reason why Virginia should not be
i admitted and will say so, then I will say, let
i the question be reconsidered. But if she has
; done no worse since we affixed these condi-
tions to her reconstruction than she did before
we agreed that she should come into the Union
on certain conditions, and our honor 13 pledged
that this shall be carried out, our pledged faith
should be faithfully observed, even though it was
to a set of men who had been in rebellion against
the Government that the pledge was given.
If you are not bound to keep faith with rebels
you should make no contract with rebels. I
may say that I have never, except in one in-
stance, voted for measures releasing men of
their political disabilities, while other gentle-
men who have discountenanced my conduct
have frequently done so.
Mr. WARD. I have not done so in a single
instance.
Mr. LOGAN". I did not allude to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Ward.] If thai
gentleman has not voted for such measures
other gentlemen have done so. I have abstained
from supporting such measures ; but if I make
a contract with a rebel I stand by it. We made
a contract with these people in Virginia know-
ing them to be rebels; and whatever may be
their conduct, let us be honest and not violate
the obligations which in that contract we
undertook.
Mr. BINGHAM resumed the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. I should have said that I was
to have given a few minutes of my time to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Tillman-.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no objection to that
arrangement.
Mr. TILLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say only a few words declaring my position on
the long-agitated subject of reconstruction.
Born and raised in one of the rebellious slave
State3, and never outside of their limits until
I came on here last February, I claim to have
the interest of my section and of the whole
country as much at heart as any other man. I
have always regarded slavery as thegreatcause
of the war, and that when it should be entirely
removed by giving equality before the law to
the former slave and colored man, then we
should enter upon au era of peace and pros-
perity. All that I have desired to see required
of my vanquished section were assurances to be
given by them or guarantees taken from them
that slavery should not only be and remain
dead, but that freedom should in deed and in
truth exist and live in its place.
I believe the Government, now and since the
war ruled by the Republican party, would have
long since arrived at this agreement with my
countrymen of the late rebellion had it not
been for the unhallowed ambition of one who
desired for his own selfish purposes to revive
and restore to power the very party that had fos-
tered and cherished the principles that plunged
the country in civil war.
This Mr. Johnson aimed to do by appealing
to old Democratic party pride and the general
prejudice of the whites against the blacks.
It is needless now to dwell upon this past
struggle between the Congress of the United
States, representing the great Republican party,
composed of all men who loved the Union and
freedom above party, on the one hand, and An-
drew Johnson, representing all those who,
though lovers of the Union after a fashion, loved
party, section or slavery more. Suffice it to
say the party that saved the Union and abol-
ished slavery has ever since, as I understand
it, been laboring to establish equal liberty for
all as the ultimatum and consummation of the
great work of the war.
The thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth
amendments were proposed to this end; the
first two of which have been ratified, leaving,
as 1 conceive, nothing more to be insisted upon
but the ratification of the last, which when also
ratified the Republican party should at once
and gladly remove all restrictions or disabilities
from the ex-rebels.
As the people of Virginia have ratified the
fifteenth amendment I shall vote for the admis-
sion of her Representatives into this House, and
will also vote for the admission of any and all
other States who have done or may do the like.
It may be said by Republicans she has not
done so in good faith, and it may be said by
Democrats she had to do it under duress, and
that it is not valid. To the first, my own party,
I say, "Let us Hot judge too harshly. The
Scriptures say, 'Judge not, lest ye be judged.' "
To the latter I say no matter whether these
assurances have been given or taken under
duress or not they are in the interests of the
Union and equal rights for all, and can never
be gone back upon by any party and that party
live in free America. It least that is my faith,
and I am not only willing but anxious to close
r,p the work of reconstruction upon the ulti-
matum of equal rights for all, imbedded in the
Federal Constitution.
I would then have the Republican party
announce its readiness to remove at once and
by a general law the disabilities of all in each
and every State which has ratified or may ratify
the fifteenth amendment.
My opinion is that if the Republican party
cannot live and perpetuate its rule upon this
platform it can do it in no other civil way.
Both parties to the late great war are travel-
ing further and further from the great fields of
strife and death, yet mingling, intermingling
and communing together the further they
recede from the carnage of the past. This
process will and should, as I conceive, make
as great a peace and liberty party inarching
from the battle-fields as the march to those
fields made the great war and victorious party.
If all Republicans will act together 011 this
principle we shall be a unit ourselves and
draw many Democrats after us. If we do not.
it is evident we shall have a division, ending
perhaps in our overthrow.
I appreciate and understand the argument
and fear of my Republican friends, who say
that Union men of the South will be and are
badly treated and abused by the reconstructed.
This, I regret to say, 1 believe is true as to
the spirit of a good many of the reconstructed,
but I do believe there is now a much larger
body opposed to any violence or abuse 01'
Union men than heretofore.
I believe this latter class, by the course
I have suggested, would be increased in num-
bers and become protectors of the colored
Unionists, instead of as heretofore mere silent
spectators of their sufferings. At any rate, if
we put the laboring oar into the hands of our
southern brethren upon the ratification of the
fifteenth amendment we then relieve the Fed-
eral Government, the carpet-baggers, and us
scalawags of preserving the peace, law, order,
life, and property in the late rebel States, and
if the reconstructed should fail to justify their
promises, then it would be their failure and
not ours, and Republicanism become triumph-
ant in the South in numbers as well as in
name.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
attention of the House to the fact that the
amendment which I rise to urge upon the con-
sideration of the House is not an amendment
originating with me, nor any part of it. I say
this to disabuse the minds of gentlemen who
may for a moment entertaia the thought that I
have any. personal pride in the substitution of
the amendment which I propose for the bill
offered by the committee. The amendment
as I have presented it to the House was here-
tofore introduced by the honorable gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswokth,] who this
day represents the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion. The same amendment which I press
upon the consideration of the House, if I may
be allowed to allude to the fact without any
violation of parliamentary rule, is pending in
another deliberative Chamber, and was ap-
proved by every member of a committee of
that body save one.
Mr. Speaker, for the first time in my public
service here, now numbering many years, I
deem it my duty to appeal to the representa-
tives of the people in behalf of the party with
which I have been associated and still stand
associated, a party which, in my judgment, has
the honor recorded and beyond the reach of
accident of having saved the Republic from
dismemberment and the Constitution from over-
throw. I ask the great party of the people, the
party of the Union and of the Constitution, to
remember, in p&ssing upon the issue joined
this day between myself and the Reconstruc-
tion Committee, the words under which we
conquered during the last seven years of un-
matched trial in the history of the United
States. I ask gentlemen to consider that
equality before the law, equality of men and
States before the law, was the watchword, the
central, informing, vital thought of the Repub-
lican party. I ask gentlemen to consider
when they come to pass upon this issue, whether
the substitute proposed shall be accepted or
rejected, that it involves directly the question
whether we shall hereafter have in this country
vassal States and vassal men by force of a law
of Congress.
Sir, if the bill of the committee were to have
the force of law my right hand should forget its
cunning and my tongue cleave to the roof of
my mouth before it ever received my support.
But, sir, it so happens that by force of the first
clause of the first section of this bill, supported
•and sustained by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, (in the event of its passage,) all
I object to and seek to strike out must be
as void as the paper on which it is printed.
That being the case, Mr. Speaker, if it pleases
the good friends with whom it has been my
privilege so long to act in concert to reject my
proposed amendment and to force usto avote
on the question whether Virginia, the mother
of dead heroes and dead patriots and dead
statesmen, and the mother as well, thank God!
of a living constitution, shall be represented
in the Congress of the United States with the
offensive conditions annexed, I shall vote ay.
Even on such conditions, I say let .the State
come in, and let those who have undertaken
to put fetters upon her jn violation of the Con-
stitution stand responsible for that impotent
endeavor. I wash my hands of it.
