1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
46B7
south, so as to obtain the trade of Texas and
Kansas.
While it may be reasonable to require pro-
gress to be made in building this branch road,
it does not seem just or expedient to require
such conditions as would alarm capitalists,
and work a forfeiture of the grant, when the
company is proceeding in good faith to build
the road with reasonable expedition.
The company desires express authority to
mortgage its property, as some question has
arisen whether the company can mortgage its
road, franchises, and ether property without
having from Congress express authority to do
so. To satisfy capitalists, and avoid all ques-
tions which would tend to make their securi-
ties less valuable, it is proper that the desired
authority shall bo given to the company as is
usual in similar cases.
It was in evidence before the committee that
the proprietors of the Atlantic and Pacific and
South Pacific Hail road Companies had ex-
pended more than $5,000,000 of their money
within the last two years in building their line
of road ; that on or before the 4th of July of
the present year they will have built over one
hundred and sixty-nine miles of road, and will
ho running a continuous line of road west-
ward from St. Louis over two hundred and
ninety-three miles in length ; and it seemed to
the committee just and reasonable to secure
the rights of those who had invested so much
money in an enterprise under the guarantees
of the Congress of the United States, and
trusting in its promises, by the removal of all
ambiguities of expression which might give
them future trouble; especially does it seem
reasonable when Congress has shown a willing-
ness to extend the limitations of time for
building roads to all companies who manifest
by their acts the honest intention of prosecut-
ing their work with diligence in opening roads
through the public domain.
By the ninth section of the act incorporating
the Atlantic and Pacific Ilailroad Company a
year of grace is given to the company before
Congress can interfere and enter upon the
road and secure its completion. It is a ques-
tion of construction whether this limitation
will expire in July, 1870, or July, 1872. _ But,
by the most strict construction, the limitation
will not expire till July 27, ISiO. l>y that
time the road will be extended more than iiity
miles west of Springfield, and Congress could
not better secure the early completion ol the
road than by strengthening this company to
build the road and secure to it the enjoyment
of the advantages attending its investment ol
capital and energetic labors.
The company asks no additional grants nor
subsidy in the bill now under considerati'on,
bat. merely such explanatory and curative legis-
lation as will better enable it to accoms>lish
the object of Congress in making the grant as
expressed in the ninth section oi the act,
namely, 'Mo insure a speedy completion ol
the said road.''
Now a single, word ill answer to the Soiiiuor
from California nearest me, [Sir. Cou-..] _ tue
extension they ask is until their right ol way
shall be secured tlnough the Indian countiy.
That is all.
The PRESIDING OFKtOiill. ri he ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 understand tins first
amendment as printed in the bill is in me firs'-
section; if I am wrong 1 should lii:e to be
informed. T, ^ ™ •
The PRKSIDINO OFFICER.. The Cnair
understands that the Senator from Oaldornia
has the ri™Ut amendment before lura. I hat
question is on thin amendment.
The amendment wa3 agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
fifteen, after the word "secured," to strme out
" and the title to " and to insert1' over ; in
line seventeen, after the word Indians to
strike out "shall be obtained for said com-
pany;" and to amend tho proviso in line
eighteen by striking out the word "no" before
"patents," and to strike out the words "ex-
cept in the manner directed by," and at the
end of the proviso to insert " in accordance
with the provisions of;" so as to read:
And no conditions or limitations shall apply to
any part oi the fine of said road west of tho western
boundary lino of said State until the right of way
shall be secured over thedands granted by said act
and occupied by Indians: Provided, That patents
for lands shall issue to said company in accordance
with the provisions of tho fourth sootion of said aefc.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like to
ask the chairman of the committee what the
effect of that amendment is. It seems to relate
to the Indian title ; but I do not gather whatit
means exactly.
Mr. HOWARD. We may as well understand
it clearly ; and for the information of tho hon-
orable Senator, I will direct his attention to
section two of the original charter, to be found
in the fourteenth volume of the Statutes-at-
Large, page 294. The charter was passed in
18G0. In section two it is declared—
" That tho United States shall extinguish as rapidly
as may bo consistent with public policy andthewol-
i'aio of the Indians, but only by their voluntary con-
cession, the Indian titlo to the lands falling under
the operation of this aet and acquired in the donation
to the road named in the act."
The present company wish to be relieved
from the forfeitures contemplated by the act
by granting to them the privilege in the follow-
ing words:
And no conditions or limitations shall apply to
any pari of the lino of said road west of the western
boundary of said State [of Missouri] until the riaht
of way shall be secured over the lands granted by
said act and occupied by Indians.
The company propose that they shall be
relieved from the performance of all these
conditions until the right of way shall be
acquired by them through the Indian terri-
tory. It seems rather hard that they should
be subjected to forfeitures for not constructing
their road through the Indian country when
they have received no lands at all to aid them
in the construction of the road through that
country, and Congress being under obligations
by the clause which I have read to extinguish
the Indian title as rapidly as possible  
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. lMy inquiry is,
why should you strike out the words " and the
title to?" Why are the words stricken out?
I think the honorable Senator is right, that the
company ought not to lorfeit while tho condi-
tion is non-performed.
Mr. N YK. Does the Senator refer to the first
section, lines eighteen, nineteen, and twenty?
Mr. MORIMlL, of Maine. _ Lines fifteen
and sixteen; " and the title to." _ I
| Mr. HOWARD. The meaning of it. is that
; there shall be no forfeiture until alter the j
I company shall luive obtained the right ol way
1 simply through the Indian territory, without
| obtaining anv land in the Indian territory.
I Mr. .MORRILL, of Maine. But that is not
quite apparent.
Mr. "HOWARD. The way it is now, t.ne
company cannotobiaiii the right ot way through
the Indian teniloiy without the consent of the
Indians. 'The (government itself has not ex-
tinguished the Indian title.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is my in-
quiry: I understand the chairman to say that
Congress obligated itself to_procure a title to
the Indian, land-'. Now, this provision of the
bill strikes out « and the title to." My inquiry
is, why the Senator strikes out those words.
" and the title to," and inserts instead " the
ri^bt of way shall bo secured over ?'
"Mr. HOWARD. Because if the company
should be relieved from the effect of a forfeiture
of the conditions until they had obtained a title
to all the lands contemplated by the statute
through the Indian territory it would be im-
possible to foresee at what time they would lie
obliged to fullfil any condition. This clause was
stricken out by the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad in order to insure the construction
of the road through the Indian territory the
moment the company get the right ot v/ay.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not want
to embarrass the Senator's bill, but the diffi-
culty in my mind is that it gives this company
the right to go through that territory before
the cession contemplated in the second section
has been obtained. That is my difficulty.
Mt. SHERMAN. I think, if the Senator
from Michigan and the Senator from Maine
will allow me, as I offered this amendment in
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, I may
be permitted to say that the Senator from Maine
has misconceived it; he certainly has miscon-
ceived the purpose of it. I will explain to him
what I think is the effcct of this amendment.
According to the original grant the United
States undertook to convey the land. It did
not own the lands; it has patented them to
the Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What does the
Senator refer to ?
Mr. SHERMAN. T speak of the original
act granting lands to this company.
Mr. MOliRILL, of Maine. That is tho act
of 18GG.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. We undertook
to give to this pompany not, only tho right of
way over tho Indian lands, but alternate sec-
tions through the Indian lands, when we did
not have the title to them, when we ha,d actu-
ally deeded them to the Indians. The fact
is, that wo assumed a kind of quasi obligation
to buy back the lands we had deeded to the
Indians. As that is an obligation so faintly
expressed, 1 hope the United States will never
undertake to perform it. If the Senator has
the language before him ho will see that its
terms were that we will use our good offices
to get these lands from the Indians some time,
may be. That is about the amount of it. There
is no express pledge. The effect of this bill,
as it was drawn, reserved the right of this com-
pany to all lands through the Indian territory
until the United States should fulfill its pledge.
That, I hope, will he one hundred years from
this time, because 1 hope that the Cherokees
and other Indian tribes now occupying that
territory will be allowed to die, and their chil-
dren and their children's children will live and
die there, and that the United States will never
undertake to buy their lands; but in the mean
time, by the bill as it was originally drawn, the
alternate sections lying west of those lands
would be reserved to this company until we
should buy tho alternate sections from the
Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. By wnat section
is that done?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mich-
igan read it a moment ago.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The second
section? .
Mr. HOWARD. I will read it again. Sec-
tion two, 14 Statutes-at-Large, page 591:
" The United States shall extinguish, as rapidly as
mav bo consistent with public policy and the vveli:iro
of tho Indians, but only by their voluntary ecssion,
the Indian title i o the landstalliDSunder the opera-
tion of this act and included in the donation to tho
road named in the act."
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know anything
about the company; whether they have given
up their hopes of getting these lands. I hopo
they have. At any rale, tliey are trying now to
get a cession of the right of way through the
Indian territory for this railroad, and the very
moment ibev get that right of way to build the
road without getting lands, then the limitations
of this bill apply, and they will he compelled
then to build tho road a certain number ol
miles per annum and go on with it; otherwise
thev will forfeit their land grant; so tnat the
amendment made by the committee is actually
a restriction and limitation of the privileges
conferred by the act upon the company.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine A low me to
ask the Senator whether, if this bill passes,
the rhdit of way docs not become absolute I
Mrf SHERMAN. I do not so understand.
On the contrary, the United States have no
power to grant tho right of way through this
