1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5581
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 247) directing
the Secretary of War to place at. the disposal
of the President certain bronze ordnance to
aid the erection of an equestrian statue of
General John A. Bawlins ;
A joint resolution (8. R. No. 207) authoriz-
ing the Postmaster General to continue to use
in the postal service a certain invention and
device for the post-marking of mail packages
and for the more permanent cancellation of
postage-stamps, and to make a just and equi-
table compensation for the past and future use
of the same by the Post Office Department;
Ajomt resolution (S. R. No. 233) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War to donate certain
buildings to the St. Aloysius Relief Society of
Washington, District of Columbia;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 200) for the
relief of Captain John Faunce and others, offi-
cers of the revenue-cutter Harriet Lane ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 40) authorizing
the Secretary of War to take charge of the
Gettysburg and Antietam National Cemeteries;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 243) in regard
to grading the streets in the vicinity of the
Capitol;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 248) granting
condemned cannon for the erection of a sol-
diers' monument at Omaha, Nebraska;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 215) granting
condemned ordnance for a soldiers' monument
at Providence, Rhode Island, and at Bucks-
port, in the State of Maine :
A bill (H. R. No. 2359) to declare forfeited
to the United States certain lands granted to
the State of Louisiana to aid in constructing
a railroad therein ;
A bill (H. R. No. 569) to vacate the Fort
Dakota military reservation in the Territory
of Dakota, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2370) to establish certain
post roads;
A bill (H. R. No. 2404) to amend section
four of the act of March 31, 1868 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2090) to amend a portion
of a certain statute of the Territory of New
Mexico, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1149) to amend an act
entitled "An act authorizing the construction
of a bridge across the Missouri river upon
the military reservation at Fort Leavenworth,
Kansas;"
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 358) to con-
strue the act of March 31, 1868 ;
A bill (S. No. 1018) authorizing the estab-
lishment of water-meters for the Potomac
water, the laying of an additional water-main
from the distributing reservoir of the Washing-
ton aqueduct, and for other purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 1067) to remove all legal and
political disabilities from George H. Bier, of
Maryland;
A bill (S. No. 1021) in amendment of the
act entitled "An act establishing a uniform sys-
tem of bankruptcy throughout the United
3t>&iti6S *''
A bill (S. No. 1057) to remove the legal and
political disabilities of M. C. Butler, of South
Carolina;
A bill (S. No. 1050) for the relief of the third
Arkansas cavalry;
A bill (S. No! 881) to amend the act to in-
corporate the National Academy of Sciences ;
A bill (S. No. 1060) repealing an act grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Ernestine Becker;
A bill (S. No. 73) for the relief of the trus-
tees of Albert G. Sloo; and
A bill (S. No. 270) for the relief of Mrs.
Margaret A. Laurie.
STATE OF GEORGIA.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 956, to encourage the building
of ships for foreign trade, and for other pur-
poses, and I will move the third section simply
independent of the others.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the question of taking up that bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask my colleague to yield
for a moment while I make a report from a
committee of conference.
Mr. CRAGIN. Is not this the same bill the
Senate voted against taking up to-day?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; it was up.
Mr. HOWARD. The committee of confer-
ence of the two Houses on the bill to admit the
State of Georgia to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States have had the same
under consideration, and have directed me to
present a report, which I ask may be read and
acted upon.
The Chief Clerk read the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. 11. No. 1335) to admit the State
of Georgia to representation in the Congress of the
United States, having mot, after fall and free con-
ference have agreed upon and do hereby recommend
to their respective I-Iouses as follows, namely: after
the word " thereof," in the ninth line (printed bill)
of the amendment of the House to the amendment
of the Senate, add the following words, namely :
And nothing in this or any other act of Congress
shall be construed to affect the term to which any
officer has been appointed or any member of the
General Assembly elected, as prescribed by the con-
stitution of the State of Gooreio,.
J. M. HOWARD.
A. G. THURMAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
BENJAMIN F. BUTLER.
HALBBRT E. PAINE,
Managers oi ike part of the House.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have the
bill read as it would stand if thus amended.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator desires I
will read the first section as it will read after
it is thus amended:
The State of Georgia having complied with the
reconstruction acts, and the fourteenth and fifteenth
articles of amendments to the Constitution of the
United States having been ratified in good faith by
a legal Legislature of said State, it is hereby declared
that the State ot'Georgia is entitled to representation
in the Congress of the United States. But nothing
in this act contained shall be construed to deprivo
the people of Georgia of the right to an election for
members of the General Assembly of said State, as
provided for in the constitution thereof.
And then follows the language of the report
of the committee of conference:
And nothing in this or any other act of Congress
shall be construed to affect the term to which any
officer has been appointed or any member of the
General Assembly elected, as prescribed by the con-
stitution of the State of Georgia.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the committee of conference on this
bill whether it is not the effect of this bill, as it
now stands amended, to compel an election in
the State of Georgia next fall ?
Mr. HOWARD. In answer to that inter-
rogatory I beg to say that I do not understand
that this bill, as thus amended, affects that ques-
tion at all, but leaves it where it was before.
Mr. DRAKE. What, then, is meant in the
amendment by the use of the term "as pre-
scribed in the constitution of said State?"
What is recognized thereby?
Mr. HOWARD. The constitution is recog-
nized thereby. The terms of office, the terms
of service of the officers appointed in the State,
and elected to seats in the Legislature of the
State, are to be- settled by the terms of the con-
stitution itself. In short, the whole thing is
turned over to be decided according to the pro-
visions of the State constitutions, as is the case
in every other State in the Union.
Mr. DRAKE. Without any effect being pro-
duced by the action of Congress?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understand this
report, it does make an election this fall inev-
itable in the State of Georgia. It was con-
tended by some persons in this Senate, and I
believe by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Drake] among others, that the Legislature of
Georgia was provisional, and that being pro-
visional the members of that Legislature and
the State officers had not entered upon the dis-
charge of their duty as members of the Legis-
lature and State officers, and would not enter
upon the discharge of their duties until an- act
was passed declaring the State of Georgia en-
titled to representation; and it was said that
the Governor would be inaugurated anew as a
State Governor the moment we admitted them
to representation, and commence his term of
office; and that the Legislature would continue
on for two years more.
Now, sir, as this report of the committee of
conference declares, as I understand it—and I
think it very clear—it removes any such con-
clusion. It declares that the fourteenth and
fifteenth amendments have been ratified by a
legal Legislature in Georgia. Then they have
had a legal Legislature there to do that. It
declares, further, that neither this act nor any
act that we have passed shall interfere or affect
the term of office of any of the State officers or
of the members of the Legislature. Then, if
our legislation does not affect their term of
office, and they are a legal Legislature, they
certainly entered on their term of office two
years ago ; the act of December 22,1869, does
change it, and their term will expire, accord-
ingto the constitution, as it ought to do. That
being the case, I shall vote to concur in this
report.
Mr. WILLIAM'S. I am notaware that any-
body ever contended that the term of the Gov-
ernor of the State extended more than four
years from the time of his election; but it has
been contended that under the constitution of
Georgia it was within the power of the Legisla-
tive Assembly, by its own enactment, to extend
the term of its office, for by the provisions of
that constitution an election is to take place,
unless otherwise provided, or words to that
effect; and it has been contended that the
Legislature would have a right to provide that
they should hold office for two years from the
time the State was admitted to representation
in Congress. That has been the position, I
think, upon the subject, and not that the con-
stitution by its own terms would continue these
officers for four and two years from the time
the State was entitled to representation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. CONKLING. I should have been glad
to vote for this report without discussion of
any sort, had not the question which the Sen-
ator before me [Mr. Williams] has just been
considering been raised, and had not the chair-
man of the committee expressed quite affirm-
atively his opinion in regard to it.
We do know, we eannot forget, that a con-
siderable part of the argument on one side in
the Georgia case has rested upon the authority
derived from, or the effect attributed to, the
legislation of Congress in rendering provisional
the existing Legislature of that State. We do
know that by force of an argument, of which
this is part, it has been contended that the
present Legislature' of Georgia had a right to
perpetuate itself, and thereby deny to and
withhold from the people of that State the right
of holding a popular election to choose the
officers provided for by their1 constitution.
Now, before voting, as I shall, for this report,
I wish to say for myself that I understand, as
does the Senator from Illinois, the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, that the legisla-
tion which we are about to consummate does
not only persuasively, but beyond that, remove
from the case the opportunity to say that in
consequence of the action of Congress the
Legislature of Georgia was provisional, and
does not date as of the time when its actual
existence began, but that the period of the
commencement of its legal existence may be
attributed to a day different from that, and
subsequent to that, when in truth and historic-
