494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
And now, sir, to the statement of the ques-
tion. Following the example set me elsewhere,
following the example set me by the honorable
fentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswop.th,] I
have offered as a substitute for the bill of the
committee a simple provision, that all after the
enacting clause be struck out and the words
inserted instead " That the State of Virginia is
entitled to representation in the Congress of
the United States." If the State occupies such
a menacing position toward the country as to
make it dangerous to the public peace to restore
her, then I would deem it my duty and the
duty of this House to say she shall not be repre-
sented in Congress. We have charged the
Executive of the United States with the duty
of enforcing the laws of reconstruction in the
State of Virginia as well as elsewhere. He has
discharged the delicate trust, I undertake to
say, with fidelity. He has announced his judg-
ment on the question whether Virginia is occu-
pying to-day a position toward the country, its
Constitution, and its laws which entitles it to
representation in the Congress of the United
States. He has placed, Mr. Speaker, in his
message an argument for the substitute which
I have offered.
The amendment which I propose but reflects
the recommendation of the Executive. I am
not to be taunted by any man for referring in
respectful terms to the recommendation of the
President of the United States. He is the
chosen of the people. He is the executive
officer of your laws of reconstruction. The
Constitution has clothed him with the power
and enjoined upon him as well the duty to
recommend from time to time to the Congress
of the United States such measures as ho may
deem necessary to the public welfare. Here,
sir, is his recommendation. It is an answer
to the suggestion that Virginia ought not to be
admitted to representation in the Congress of
the United States. The language of the Pres-
ident in his message is this:
" In Virginia the election took place on the 6th of
July, 1869. The Governor and Lieutenant Governor
elected have been installed. TheLegislature metand
did all required by this resolution [the joint resolu-
tion of Congress of April last] and by all the recon-
struction acts of Congress, and abstained from all
doubtful authority."
" Did all required by the joint resolution of
1869, and all required by all the reconstruction
acts, and abstained from all doubtful authority.''
That is what the President tells you; and he
then says:
"I recommend that her Senators and Represent-
atives be promptly admitted to their seats, and that
the State be fully restored to its place in the family
of States/'
Now, if you admit Virginia to representation
in Congress without these limitations imposed
or attempted to be imposed by this bill you
will carry out to the letter and in its spirit the
recommendation of the President. On the
other hand, if you admit Virginia to represent-
ation in Congress, subject to the limitations
and restrictions reported by the Committee on
Reconstruction in this bill you do not admit
her to her equal place in the family of States.
Mr. Speaker, by this bill we undertake in
the first place to impose upon Virginia a test-
oath for her officials which Congress never
attempted to impose upon any other State
whatever. Gentlemen have referred to the act
of 1868, providing for the admission of the two
Carolinas, of Georgia, Florida, Alabama, and
Louisiana.^ Sir, the advocates of this bill will
look in vain in the provisions of that act for
any such limitations upon the constitutional
right of either of those States as are contained
in the fundamental conditions reported by the
Committee on Reconstruction.
I do not know for what purpose the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wabd] referred to
the State of Tennessee and saw fit to make
mention of my name in that connection. Sir,
it has been my good fortune, as one of the
Representatives of the people, to report to Con-
gress every bill for the admission of all the
States lately in insurrection that have thus far
been restored to representation in the Union
save one. Tennessee was the first. _ There was
no such fundamental condition required of her.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Wakd]
referred to the provisions of the act of June
25, 1868, which required the ^States of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Georgia,
Alabama, and Louisiana, as a condition-pre-
cedent to representation in Congress, to ratify
the fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution of the United States; Sif, that
furnishes no precedent for this attempted legis-
lation, for the simple reason that upon the day
that bill was reported to this House, and upon
the day it was passed, the fourteenth article of
amendment was a part of the Constitution of
the United States by the sovereign act of the
people of the United States. That was a con-
dition, therefore, to which no objection could
be made; for whether those States ratified or
refused to ratify the fourteenth amendment it
remained a part of the Constitution. The only
intent and object of that provision in the act
of 1868 was thereby to obtain assurance, by
the solemn act of the people of those States,
of their disposition to abide by not only the
Constitution as it stood when they went into
armed revolt against its supremacy, but the
Constitution as it had been since amended by
the sovereign act of the loyal people of the
United States.
Now, having said this in regard to past legis-
lation, I ask the House to bear with me while
I attempt to demonstrate that these funda-
mental conditions have no foundation in the
Constitution and no precedent in the past his-
tory of this country. I refer, first, to the lan-
guage of the bill imposing an oath of office
upon the officials of the State of Virginia. The
language of this condition is:
"No person shall hold any office, civil,or military,
in said State whos hall no t have taken and subscribed
one of the following oaths or affirmations," &c.
Sir, it does not require a lawyer to know that
the express language of this fundamental con-
dition is retroactive; I will not waste words
upon it. I say there is not a sensible man in
America, whose intellect is not darkened by
passion or prejudice, but will assent to my
proposition, that the language of this funda-
mental condition is necessarily retroactive. It
operates upon every State official in Virginia,
it disqualifies every State official in Virginia,
for the simple reason that there is no man in
Virginia, no State official in Virginia, or in any
other State of this Union, that ever took that
oath. Under this provision he cannot hold his
office. _ You admit the State and then disor-
ganize its organized government.
Mr. Speaker, to complete and crown this
folly the bill provides State officials by act of
Congress for a State in the Union and after
it is admitted to representation. When was
such folly ever before attempted to be enacted
into the form of law since God made the heavens
and the earth? First you turn out every State
official in Virginia and admit the State to rep-
resentation in Congress. You then propose
to conclude the farce by providing, as a further
fundamental condition—
That all persons who shall at the time when said
constitution shall take effect hold or exercise the
functions of any executive, administrative, or judi-
ci al office in said State by the appointment or author-
ity of the district commander shall continue to dis-
charge theduties of their respective offices until their
successors, or thoso upon whom such duties shall
under said constitution devolve, are duly chosen or
appointed and qualified.
Where does that find any parallel in your
legislation? To continue officials, executive,
administrative, and judicial, in the State of
Virginia appointed by a military commander
under a former act of Congress, and allow them
to exercise the functions of their offices in the
State of Virginia after she shall have been ad-
mitted to representation in the Congress of the
United States, and in the mean time strip the
State of the Legislature altogether. There is
not a member of the Virginia Legislature that
ever took the oath required by this bill, for the
reason that the oath had never been prescribed.
I said before, and I repeat now, that not a mem-
ber of any Legislature of any State of this
Union ever took that oath, and for the same
reason. Why demand it of Virginia and not
of every State? Why enforce this limitation
on Virginia, and sanction; the violation in that
behalf of the fourteenth amendment in every
other State of the Union ?
Is this restoring Virginia to her equal place
in the Union as the President has recommended
and as the Constitution enjoins Upon us, if we
restore her at all? The time-honored language
of congressional enactments admitting States
has always recited that the State is admitted
as a State of the Union upon an equal footing
with the other States, subject only, of course,
to the limitations of the Constitution of the
United States. All the fundamental conditions
applied to the admission of new States had
their origin in the text of the Constitution, the
provisions of which apply equally to original
and new States, save that condition in re-
gard to slavery and the slave trade, with ref-
erence to which the Constitution, before the
late amendments, expressly placed the original
States on a different footing from those which
might subsequently enter the Union. On the
importation of slaves untii the year 1808 the
words of the original Constitution were, "the
impprtation of such persons as any of the States
now existing shall see proper to admit shall
not be prohibited," &e. • -
I cannot follow the subject; I state the fact;
it is a fact well understood by every intelligent
man in the United States. It is therefore not
needful to argue it.
Here, then, is a State to be admitted to rep-
resentation, but not on an equal footing with
any other State. Here is a State for -which
you provide officials after she shall have been
admitted to representation by act of Congress.
Here is a State which you admit to represent-
ationin Congress, whileyou atthesame moment
by your act, ifit were operative,deprive the State
of every legislative official that it has in exist-
ence, for the simple reason that those officials
have not taken an oath which had not been
prescribed for them. Is not this imitating the
bad example of Caligula, who wrote his laws
on tablets of brass and hung them up so high
that those who were required to obey them
could never know what they were ?
Sir, such a provision cannot be enforced. It
is in vain that gentlemen talk about the absence
of penal enactments. No penal enactment can
cure the defect. The moment you insert in
this bill a provision of that kind you drag the
whole enactment before the judicial tribunals
of the United States, and then I rather think
you would have a reckoning not at all to the
ad van tage of the Republican party. It is quite
foreign, I think, to the duty of the Representa-
tives of the people to put provisions for judicial
interpretation and decision into acts of recon-
struction. Neither, in my judgment, should
such provisions be inserted in acts admitting to
representation in Congress States which were
hitherto of the original States of the Union, or
admitting into the Union new States organized
within any of the Territories of the United
States. The act of Congress in all such cases
ought to be final and conclusive, and such final
and conclusive legislation ought to be within
the letter and spirit of the Constitution of the
United States._ Above all, sir, such legislation
should be so just as to secure and retain the
support of the people of the United States. It
cannot be just when it subjects a State to con-
ditions not warranted by the Constitution and
which we dare not impose on any other State.
Gentlemen say that we might enforce the four-
teenth article ot the amendments of the Consti-
tution by general law in all the States. I agree
that you might. But you cannot enforce it by
vacating all the legislative assemblies of all the
States, by getting up a bill and providing that
no legislative, executive, or judicial officer of
any State shall continue to hold office after the
