5582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
ally it commenced to be. I understand that
the effect of this is to do away with and re-
move so much of the argument at least, and
to signify as the judgment of the two Houses
of Congress that the people of Georgia, like
other people, should be permitted to proceed
under a constitution republican in form, and
republican in the construction placed upon it,
to choose by popular suffrage the officers of the
State and the members of the Legislature.
Mr. THURMAN. As I was one of the mem-
bers of this conference committee and signed
that report, and as it seems there is some
interest in knowing in what sense we used the
words there used. . I think it proper to say
that I understand them in precisely the same
sense and as having exactly the same legal
effect that has been attributed to them by the
Senator from Illinois, and, ifl understand him
correctly, by the Senator from New York. I
understand that nothing can be clearer than
the language that is used for the purpose of
removing that argument, that Congres by its
legislation had undertaken to override the con-
stitution of Georgia, and make the terms of her
officers begin at a time different from that
which that constitution itself prescribed; for
that is the whole of thatargument. This effect-
ually puts an end to that.
I would have liked very much for this amend-
ment to have gone somewhat further, and to
have expressed in very clear and decided terms
the opinion of Congress that the Legislature
of Georgia has no right, by postponing the day
of election, to perpetuate its own existence;
but if I had insisted on that in clearer language
than is used, the result would have been that
we never should have had any report of the
committee at all. But the real effect of this
act if it shall pass is to secure the people of
Georgia an election there next fall, unless
usurpation and a total disregard of law are to
take place in that State.
Mr. STEWART. It appears from the state-
ment of the Senator from Ohio that the com-
mittee were unwilling to declare that an elec-
tion should take place next fall, unable to
agree upon giving the constitution that con-
struction. The Senator from Ohio thinks this
language has that effect; but the committee
were unwilling to state it distinctly, and could
not have agreed if that construction had been
given in plain language in the report. To say
the least of this, it leaves it open to construc-
tion. The language is:
And nothing in this or any other act of Congress
shall be construed to afiect the terms to which any
officer has been appointed, or any member of the
General Assembly elected, as provided by the consti-
tution of the State of Georgia.
It seems to me that this amounts to nothing
one way or the other ; and in that view of it,
believing that it leaves the question just as it
was before, I shall vote for it, and 1 suppose
that was the basis upon which an agreement
was arrived at. One part of the committee
attempted to get something which they could
construe one way ; another part of the commit-
tee was trying to get something that could be
construed the other way. I presume that we
shall adopt this report as a kind of compromise
legislation; but I think the construction given
by the chairman of the committee is most clear,
that it shall not affect the question one way or
the other.
Mr. HOWARD. Shall not affect the term
of office either of a State officer or a member
of the Assembly. That is the whole extent to
which the amendment goes. It touches no
other point.
Mr. HOWE. I do not propose to criticise
this amendment atany length. I am inclined
to think that the Senator from Nevada, how-
ever, has stated, perhaps as nearly as any one
can, what its effect is. I had occasion when
this question was before the Senate some
months or weeks ago to declare in brief terms
what I thought of the constitution of Georgia.
I have uot seen any occasion to change my view
of that constitution; and consistently with that
view of the constitution of Georgia I cannot
vote forthisamendment; I cannot vote to con-
cur in the report of the committee of confer-
611C6.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring m the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. BORE MAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the plain mean-
ing of the report of the committee of confer-
ence is to leave the regulation of the elections
of Georgia to the constitution 
Mr. HOWARD. Exactly.
Mr. DAVIS. And to remove any inference
that any act of Congress at all affects that
question.
Mr. BOREMAN. If that portion of the bill
reported by this committee to which reference
has been had was intended to mean anything,
it seems to me it ought to have expressed that
thing. Members of the committee and others
who differ from me in the Senate, in regard to
what has taken place in the Georgia case, say
that it amounts to what was styled here a short
time since the Bingham amendment; in other
words, that it compels the people of Georgia
to have an election this fall unless usurpation
takes place.
Now, sir, the language which has been re-
ported by this committee, in my humble judg-
ment, leaves us precisely where we started
upon the constitution of Georgia. It says it
is not to be affected one way or the other. It
is neither to compel the people of Georgia to
hold an election, nor is it to prevent them from
holding an election. If this report of the com-
mittee had been allowed to pass without the
construction which has been put upon it by
the members of the committee, I should not
have said one word nor called for a vote by
yeas and nays, because the language, as I should
have taken it without this construction, simply
means that we are thrown back on the consti-
tution of Georgia. If so, then those of us wiio
believe that the constitution of Georgia does
not compel an election this fall would have been
allowed to enjoy that opinion and the other gen-
tleman who entertain a different opinion, that
it does require an election this fall, would have
been allowed to enjoy that opinion. But we
have the members of the committee who make
this report giving a construction and saying
that it is the Bingham amendment in disguise;
and that amendment I cannot support. Tf it
is intended to give the same force and effect
to the report that has just been made as would
have been placed on the bill if the Bingham
amendment had been defeated, then I would
support it, because I do not believe that amend-
ment is in accordance with the constitution of
Georgia or the laws of Congress.
Mr. STEWART. It is manifest to my mind
that it does not have any such effect.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from West
Virginia will allow me one moment. I do not
suppose the honorable Senator referred to me
in the remaiks which he has just made.
Mr. BOREMAN. I referred to another
member of the committee, who made the re-
mark, as I understood him, that the election
could not be put off except by usurpation.
Mr. HOWARD. I stated as plainly as I
could that in my view the effect of this amend-
ment recommended by the committee of con-
ference is to leave the question as to the dura-
tion of an office in Georgia or the duration of
a member's claim to his seat in the Assembly,
to be settled by the terms of the constitution
of that State, going no further, assuming to
solve no other question. As to the right of the
people of Georgia to have an election in 1870,
that is a question arising solely under the
constitution of that State and must be solved
according to the terms of that constitution. I
give no opinion at the present time on that
question. I do not wish to be understood as
expressing here now any opinion upon that
particular question. But as to the term of
office, I repeat that this amendment settles it
exactly as the constitution of Georgia settles it.
Mr. BOREMAN. Of course Gongress has
not undertaken in this legislation to change
the constitution of Georgia or the terms of
office under it. The controversy here has been
as to when the terms of office commenced and
when they would end. I have entertained the
opinion, and entertain it still, that the term of
office of this Legislature did not commence
until they were recognized by Congress ; that
the Legislature was not a legal and constitu-
tional body properly organized until after the
passage of the act of the 22d of December,
18G9. But inasmuch as the chairman of the
committee who made this report, as 1 under-
stand him, says it was not the intention of the
committee to express the idea that the people
of Georgia were required, under this bill, if it
shall pass, to hold an election this fall, and to
leave that to their own construction of the con-
stitution, I withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays, and let the bill take its course, retaining
my own opinion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to withdrawing the call for the
yeas and nays? The Chair hears none, and
the call is withdrawn.
Mr. CARPENTER. When this bill was
before the Senate hitherto I entertained and
expressed the opinion that a fair construction
of the constitution adopted by the State of
Georgia would permit the Legislature to con-
tinue themselves in office indefinitely; but I
believe I was the only member of the Judiciary
Committee who entertained that opinion of the
construction of that constitution. Entertaining
that opinion, I was anxious that the Bingham
amendment, so called, should be adopted. I
do not understand that by this report the Bing-
ham amendment is adopted, nor do I under-
stand that the converse proposition is embraced.
The whole matter is remanded to the proper
construction of the constitution of the Slate
of Georgia.
Mr. HOWARD. That is it.'
Mr. CARPENTER. But it was the opinion,
I believe, of every member of the Judiciary
Committee that if the construction which I
inclined to give it was the proper one of the
constitution, and the Legislature was author-
ized thereby to continue itself indefinitely in
power, then the frame of government which it
created was not a republican government, and
the exercise of such power on the part of the
Legislature would be such an anti republican
act as would call for the interposition of the
General Government. Understanding that to
be the case, I shall vote for this report,
although it does not do what I wish it did,
embody the Bingham amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. There seems to be a con-
trariety of opinion about what this report means.
If it means what the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee would seem to indicate, I shall very
cheerfully vote for it. If it means what the
Senator from Nevada thinks it means, I do
not want to vote for it at all. If it means that
the people of the State of Georgia are to have
liberty, under this report, to decide that they
may keep their present Legislature in perpetu-
ity, I do not want to vote for it, for I do not
think that is a republican form of government.
But if the interpretation which has been given
by the Senator from Illinois is correct, and it
conveys to the people of Georgia the idea that
they must have the election provided for in
their constitution this year, I shall be very glad
to vote for it. Now I should like to know
whether it is so equivocal a document that it
can bear the two different views which these
Senators express? If the committee them-
selves are in doubt what it means, it seems to
me it is a sort of shuffling document, and we
had better not say much about it.
