2750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
pression.of that great unity by which the States
arc lost in the nation. And this guarantee I now
invoke for the protection of the good people of Geor-
gia,andfor the protection hereafter of human rights
when imperiled anywhere within the limits of the
Republic."
If I understand the remarks of the Senator
to-day commenting upon this paragraph from
his former speech, apparently struck with its
absurdity, he attempts to squirm out of it,and
represents that the immortal text spoken of
is the Constitution of the United States. But
this is clearly an afterthought, and is not sup-
ported, nor can it be tortured out of this par-
agraph from the Senator's speech. In point-
ing out the sources of this power, after refer-
ring to the fourteenth and fifteenth amend-
ments, he says there are three other sources of
power,which he proceeds to enumerate ; first,
ex necessitaterei; second, the guarantee clause;
and then, stating the third source referred to,
he gives us the above paragraph. He says :
"Do you ask for tho power in the Constitution to
enter into a State and establish republican govern-
ment? I give it to you in an immortal text. To
question it is.to showan ignorance of language," *
' "and also of the true genius of Amer-
ican institutions, where unity of riglits is the Alpha
and Omega. The national motto, epluribus unum,
is another expression of that great unity by which
the States are lost in tho nation. And this guar-
antee [namely, epluribus unum] I now invoke," &c.
The Senate is now able to judge whether I
misrepresented the Senator in saying that if
he could not find a grant of power in the Con-
stitution he would refer to the Declaration of
Independence, and if not found there he would
resort to e pluribus unum. lie complains of
me for saying:
"We are told, in substance, that whatever Con-
cress in its wisdom deems advisable to bo done, that
it has the undoubted power to do," &e.
But what did the Senator mean when he
stated the "necessity of the case" as a source
of congressional power? If I had said we are
told, in substance, that whatever Congress in its
wisdom deems " necessary" to be done, instead
of "advisable" to be done, that it has the
undoubted power to do, I should have been
within the liberal text of the Senator's speech;
and yet the two expressions have identical
meaning when employed in this connection.
Necessity is outside the Constitution ; and the
Senator's third source of power, e pluribus
unum, is not in any text of the Constitution
that I have seen.
Mr. President, when the Senate is deliber-
ating in regard to its power over a given sub-
ject, and a Senator rises in his place and
deduces that power from the supposed neces-
sity of the case, and from the phrase e pluri-
bus unum, it is doing that Senator no injus-
tice to say that he scorns to derive the needed
power from the Constitution.
The Senator has also called me to account
for slighting the Declaration of Independence,
and again charges me with advocating the doc-
trines of Calhoun and vindicating slavery.
The propensity of the Senator to reduce every
discussion, no matter what may be its subject,
to the general head of slavery—a field of de-
bate in which he has had great experience and
won many laurels—calls to mind the practice
of the quack who always threw his patient into
convulsions, because that was a disease within
his healing power. [Laughter.] If the Sen-
ator can refer any discussion to the head of
slavery he feels assured of victory and imme-
diately proclaims his triumph. And here,
where the question relates to the power of
Congress over a given subject, instead of meet-
ing it like a man, face to face; instead of
treating it like a lawyer, with reason and argu-
ment, he flies at his opponent with denuncia-
tion and malediction, and pronounces him a
secessionist and nullifier.
Mr. SUMNER. I used no such words.
Mr. CARPENTER. You did not like to be
interrupted either, if I recollect.
Mr. SUMNER. No.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand that the
rules of the Senate apply to you as well as to
other Senators.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will address the Chair, and will not be inter-
rupted unless by his consent.
Mr. CARPENTER. What was the Declar-
ation of Independence ? The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, not content with lecturing me, has
invaded the great darkness of death, and called
Rufus Choate from the spirit-world to censure
him for a casual expression exceedingly truth-
ful and applicable, "glittering generalities,"
as he has censured mo for speaking of that Dec-
laration as a revolutionary pronunciamento.
When our fathers determined to throw off the
authority of the British Crown they assembled
and promulgated that document as a statement
of the grounds upon which they proceeded and
the course they were resolved to pursue. Was
not that a revolutionary act? Did any man
ever denominate the proceeding by any other
name? And was not that document by which
they declared their revolutionary purpose a
revolutionary pronunciamento ? The Senator
criticises me also because I called it truth's
generalities.
But the Senator himself, to-day, has de-
clared the truths of that instrument to be
universal. If they are universal, are they not
general ? The deliberate attempt of the Sen-
ator to east odium upon me for the use of that
expression, if it had occurred anywhere ex-
cept in the Senate of the United Staites, where
Senators are supposed to be restrained by
courtesy from criminations wholly unfounded
and unjust, would neither deserve nor receive
a passing notice. When I denominate the
Declaration of Independence as the pronun-
ciamento of the Revolution, do I not describe
it accurately and truthfully? And when in a
constitutional discussion I lay it one side, I
but affirm what I challenge the Senator to
deny, that it contains no grant of power to
Congress. Suppose the Senator from Massa-
chusetts had in that speech referred to the
Sermon on the Mount, and had quoted the
text, '' Whatsoever ye would that others
should do unto you do ye even so to them,"
as ample authority to Congress to impose
fundamental conditions upon these States, and
I had objected that the Sermon on the Mount
gave no power to Congress, would the Senator
from Massachusetts, after a week's reflection
on the subject, come into the Senate and
charge me with a deliberate purpose to over-
throw the Christian religion and heap con-
tempt upon the Holy Gospels? And yet I
affirm here that the Sermon on the Mount
grants as much power to Congress as does the
Declaration of Independence.
When Mr. Choate employed the expression
which the Senator has criticised he was con-
tending against the raving of fanatics who per-
sisted in quoting the Declaration of Independ-
ence when they .should have quoted the Con-
stitution of the United States. He spoke of
the Declaration as "a collection of glittering
generalities," and with that remark put it aside
as inapplicable in any constitutional discussion.
He applied a truthful phrase, and properly laid :
it aside as immaterial to the subject in hand.
The explanation of the great difference between
Mr. Choate and the Senator from Massachu-
setts is, that while Mr. Choate was a man of
great scholarship and ripe learning, like the
Senator from Massachusetts, he was also a
profound and accurate lawyer, which the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is not.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President,_will my
friend from Wisconsin allow me to interrupt
him for a moment?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Ifitwillnotincommode
him I should like to interrupt him at this point.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to show that the
Senator from Massachusetts is a sound consti-
tutional lawyer, and for that purpose I wish
to read a few passages from a speech of his
delivered in the Senate on the 20th of August,
1852.
Mr. HOWARD. One at a time, gentlemen.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe I have the floor
by the indulgence of the Senator from Wis-
consin.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin has yielded the floor to the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. In that speech the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts informed us what the
Constitution was. I will not say that I quite
agree with him about that, although I said that
he was a sound constitutional lawyer, because
as I understood his speech he there laid down
plainly and broadly the doctrine of John C.
Calhoun, who always insisted that the Consti-
tution was a compact between the States; and
upon that ground alone, that it was a compact
between States, and not the Constitution of a
Government proper, the whole doctrine of
secession rests. What said the Senator from
Massachusetts then?
"The Constitution contains powers granted to Con-
gress, compacts between the States."
The powers granted to Congress are compacts
between the States, said the Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. No; excuse me. The Sen-
ator is mistaken. It contains powers granted
to Congress and compacts between the States.
Mr. THURMAN. There is no "and" here.
Mr. SUMNER. Verywell; that is the sense,
as the Senator will see if he reads the speech.
Mr. THURMAN. I read from the Globe :
"The Constitution contains powers granted to Con-
gress, compacts between theScates, and prohibitions
addressed to the nation and to the States,"
Mr. SUMNER. That is it, three classes.
Mr. THURMAN. Very weld; here are the
words:
"Tho Constitution contains powers granted to Con-
gress, compacts between the States, and prohibitions
addressed to the nation and to the States. A com-
pact or prohibition may be accompanied by a power;
but not necessarily, for it is essentially distinct in its
nature. And here tho single question arises, whether
the Constitution, by grant, general or special, con-
fers upon Congress any power to legislate on the
subject of fugitives from labor."
Not whether Congress has any power from
the Declaration of Independence or from c
pluribus unum. Let us see what the Senator
further said on that occasion:
" The whole legislative power of Congress is de-
rived Irom two sources: lirst.lrom the general grant
of power, attaclicd to the long catalogue of powers,
' to make all laws which shall be necessary and pro-
per ior carrying into execution the foregoing powers,
and all other powers vested by tins Constitution in
the Government of tho United States, or in any de-
partment or oflicer thereof;' and, secondly, from
special grants in other parts of tlic Constitution."
Not in the Declaration of Independence or
e pluribus unum, but in the Constitution.
Again:
"As the provision in question does not appear in
the cataloguo of powers, and does not purport to
vest any power in the Government of the United
iilat.es, or in any department or oflicer thereof, no
power to legislate on tilis subject can be derived
liymtbe general grant. JSTor can any such power
be derived irom any special grant in any other part
of the Constitution, tor none such exists. The con-
clusion must be that no power is delegated to Con-
gress over the surrender ot fugitives irom labor.
" In all contemporary discussions and comments
the Constitution was constantly justified and recom-
mended, on the ground that the powers not given to
the Government were withheld from it. If under
its original provisions any doubt could have existed
on this head H was removed, so far as language could
rcmovo it, by tho tenth amendment, which, as we
have already seen, expressly declares that ' the
powers noi delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are
reserved to the States respectively or to the people.'
Here, on the simple text of the Constitution, I might
leave this question."—Appendix to Congressional
Globe, Thirty-Second Congress, first session, August
23, 1852, page 1108.
I read this to justify the Senator from Massa-
chusetts from the statement of the Senator from
Wisconsin that he is no lawyer.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, the
question before the Senate to-day is, as I have
stated, in relation to the power of Congress to
impose fundamental conditions upon incoming
States. I have twice addressed the Senate
upon that subject, and I shall not refer to the
reasoning by which I have reached a conclu-
sion adverse to the existence of that power,
