1806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
informed of is the present condition of inven-
tion in every one of the useful arts for which
protection is given here by our laws.
If we adopt this proposed system these pat-
ents will be distributed through the country
every week. I have upon my desk one week's
work of the Patent Office during the month
of January, two hundred and thirty patents.
They could be placed in every one of these
libraries just as soon as they could be bound
and transported to them. On the day when
the patents are passed by the Commissioner
the claims are printed and distributed by him,
and reach the remotest parts of the country
within one week or at farthest ten days from
that time; and before the inventors have fairly
looked them over and become acquainted with
the subject-matter of the patents as exhibited
in this index, the patents themselves will be
before them for examination and study. Most
of these inventions run upon certain subjects
for a certain length of time; and when the
inventive minds of the country are apprised by
this printing and distribution ot what is then
the favorite subject, the best results are sure
to be speedily attained. They will obtain all ,
this information upon, aa it were, the crest !
of the advancing wave of invention ; not the
stale record of what has been done two or three
years ago, but what is being done now, what the
country demands now, and what the inventive
mind of the country is acting upon now.
In the debates which have sprung up on these
subjects I have noticed that some gentlemen,
looking over these voluminous records of the
Patent Office, seem to think that this state of
things cannot continue, that there must be a
time when the activity of the inventive faculty
will tire and the business of this office will
diminish. They seem to think that this depart-
ment has outgrown all the, proportions that
were expected in its organization, that it has
become unruly, and is demanding more than
it is entitled to. _
Mr. Speaker, our Pateut, Office is one of the
greatest institutions ever created in any coun-
try. Its creation was authorized by the Con-
stitution, which contained a provision, wiser
than any to which any other nation had attained
at that period, for the encouragement of the
industrial arts. In 1836, prior to the passage
of any similar law by any other nation, Congress
passed a law providing for the investigation of
applications for patents for inventions, and se-
curing to the inventor something more thanwhat
his parchment costs him when it is delivered to
him. By that constitutional provision, and the
laws passed in pursuance of it, ideas have be-
come property, justasmuch property as the land
is to the individual who receives a patent for it
from the Land Office; and 1 believe that if a
fairestimation were made this day of the values
controlled by these two bureaus of the De-
partment of the Interior, the present cash value
of the property protected by the patents issued
from the office of the Commissioner of Patents
would be found to be greater than that of all
the lands within the jurisdiction of the Com-
missioner of Public Lands. . Hundreds of mil-
lions of dollars are invested in industrial pur-
suits upon the titles granted by these patents.
Hundreds of millions, are being turned out by
means of this patented machinery and these
patented processes, thus constantly adding to
the wealth of the coantry and the comfort of
mankind.
To expect that thq growth of this vigorous
institution will cease, or that the products of
inventive genius will not continue to demand
the just protection of the Government, would
be as futile and as idle as was the folly of the
countryman described by the Roman satirist
who sat upon the bank of the river waiting for
it to run out. The flood-gates of invention
having been opened, the stream must flow On,
increasing forever. There is no known limit
to the inventive capacity of the human mind.
For when we consider how short a time it has
actually been in exertion we shall be aston-
ished at the results stated in the simplest form
of arithmetical figures. The science of chem-
istry is but a hundred years old this year. The
science of chemistry as applied to the arts is
not as old as the youngest member on this
floor. Yet in its development it has changed
almost every industrial pursuit in the world;
and what it can do hereafter can hardly be
imagined even from what it has already done
in the brief period of its existence.
Why, sir, prior to the passage of the law of
1836 there were granted in the United States
from 1790 down, in forty-six years, but ten
thousand and eighty-four patents ; whereas,
now there are granted every year over thir-
teen thousand, and the number is increasing in
almost geometrical progression. In England,
prior to the passage of the patent law of 1852,
there had been granted under the statute ot
monopolies of James I less than thirteen thou-
sand patents in two hundred and thirty-two
years. In the period anterior to the reign of
George III there had been granted upon an
average less than six and a half patents in each
year. After the passage of the law of 1852
the number of patents in England at once in-
creased from this small proportion to three or
four thousand annually, and it now rests at
about four thousand.
In England a patent carries upon its face no
prima fade title to property. Any person can.
go there and obtain a patent for anything by
paying the legal fee. Here, as I have shown,
the patent is evidence of some property, though
the question of originality lies behind to be
inquired into. In 1866 the number of patents
granted by our Patent Office equaled all those
granted in every civilized nation in the world
during the same period. Since that year the
number has been constantly increasing, and now
outnumbers all the inventions of all the rest
of the world put together. Nor can it be said
that thegreater part of these patents are granted
forworthless inventions or those of slight value.
Investigation Bhows that every one has some
value, value enough at least to the inventor, to
induce him to pay the patent fees necessary to
obtain it. When we look at the record of last
year we find of these applications over fiv e
thousand weeded out, sifted out of the vast
number sent in there, and those which were
granted had value to those who received them
under the seal of the Patent Office. The aver-
age of rejections for years has been at the same
rate, sometimes below and sometimes above
that amount. .
Hereafter, Mr. Speaker, if this resolution is
passed, amended as I propose, the inventor
will prepare his specification and go to the
library most accessible to him which contains
the records, either the capital of the State or
the place where theUnited Statescourt isheld
in the district where he resides, and there com-
pare what he has done with what those records
show has been done before him, and it will
save the time, trouble, and expenseof reinvent-
ing what has been invented many times before.
One of the examiners of the Patent Office has
told me that he had twenty-seven applications
for precisely the same thing, which was for a
wheel for the propulsion of steam-vessels.
Now if twenty-six of those persons who sup-
posed themselves to be first inventors had had
accsss to a library like those now proposed
they would not have wasted their time and
money in making these applications. With
the present plan the energy and money of the
inventor will not be wasted as they are too often
at this time. When the patent shall be ob-
tained from the Patent Offices, and he qffers
rights under it for sale, the persons possess-
ing the requisite means to introduce the patent
can go at once to this library and ascertain
fully what the patent calls for.
Mr. CAKE. I desire to ask the gentleman
this question: whether the inventor to-day can-
not get such information by the expenditure
of a five-dollar bill sent to the Patent Office?
Any man who desires to know whether a cer-
tain thing is patentable or not has, as I under-
stand, nothing more to do than to send a five-
dollar bill to the Patent Office and he will get
an answer promptly covering the information
he may desire.
Mr. JENCKES. If the gentleman will
inquire at the Patent Office he will be of a
different opinion.
Mr. DAWES. The man who sends a five-
dollar bill to the Patent Office gets this and
nothing more: he gets the opinion of one ex-
aminer among many as to whether the article
is patentable or not.
Mr. JENCKES. He cannot get anything
for his five-dollar bill. If he sends it to the
Patent Office here he merely throws his money
away.
Mr. CAKE. He gets information whether
to go on or not.
Mr. JENCKES. Any answer that he may
get will be misleading. What he wants is exact
information of the state of his invention. He
can make up his own judgment after seeing the
records. That is what we propose by thisbill to
give him an opportunity of doing. If he is a real
inventor lie can compare his own ideas with the
ideas of those who went before him. I wish to
place within the easy reach of every inventor
the means by which he can ascertain what has
been done before him. In the gentleman's
State of Pennsylvania he would go to Harris-
burg or Philadelphia, and he would take the
indices which go with these records, showing
all the inventions on a given subject-matter,
and he would consider the patents one by one,
and exercise his own judgment whether his
invention was patentable or not, without pay-
ing anybody anything except his railway fare
there and back. If he cannot draw up a spe-
cification he can employ a solicitor to do it for
him.
These solicitors of patents seldom make any
examination. It is not for their interest to
do so. It is for their interest to obtain a case
and to get something for their client in the
shape of a patent, whether it be of any value or
not. The party will prepare the specification
and send it to Washington, and at the same
time sends his examination fee of fifteen dollars
to the Patent Office. The examiner takes up
the case in its turn, and perhaps some three or
four months afterward the applicant may get
a letter that his application is rejected on
having been compared with this or that which
has preceded it. The inventor has no means of
making the examination for himself, and there
is often the turning point in thousands of cases.
There are, I believe, scattered through the
records of the Patent Office many hundreds of
cases where applications have been rejected
without sufficient reason, and where useful
improvements have in consequence not been
carried further ; because the applicant has on
this, perhaps, first hasty and inconsiderate rejec-
tion by the examiner abandoned the project
inasmuch as living in the interior of Pennsyl-
vania or Ohio, or some other State far away
out of the reach of libraries, he has no means
of ascertaining whether that rejection has been
upon sufficient grounds or not.
I have seen some inventions or models of
inventions lying in the Patent Office for which,
now that their value has been determined, a
great struggle has been made to obtain patents
under renewed applications made long after
the invention had gone into general use and
the public obtained the benefit of them. But
at this precise point of the first rejection of an
application comes in the great value to the
inventor of this publication and distribution
which we propose. The inventor has thus for
the second time the opportunity to exercise
his judgment. At first he might be misled
himself. He might think there were sufficient
differences between what he has produced and
what was produced before to warrant his pro-
ceeding. But when the examiner sends him
his report he will be entitled to exercise his
own judgment, and, if need be, set it over that
