1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4639
exceeding in width two hundred feet on each side
ot the line of its railroad, unless a greater width be
required for the purpose of excavation or embank-
ments; and also any lands or premises that may be
necessary and proper for turn-outs, standing-places
cars, depots,station-houses, or any other struc-
tures required in the construction and working of
stud road. And the company shall have the right to
cut and remove trees and other material that might
by falling incumber its road-bed, though standing or
being more than two hundred feet from the line of
said road. And iu case the owner of such lands or
pieimses and the said company cannot agree as to
the value of the premises taken, or to be taken, for
the use of said road, the value thereof shall be de-
termined by the appraisal of three disinterested com-
missioners, who may be appointed upon application
by either party to any court of record in any of the
States or Territories in which the lands or premises
to be taken lie; and said commissioners, in their
assessment of damages, shall appraise such premises
at what would have been the value thereof if the
road had not been^ built. And upon return into
eouit of such appraisement, and upon the payment
into the same of the estimated value of the premises
taken for the use aud benefit of the owner thereof,
said premises shall be deemed to be taken by said
company, which shall thereby acquire full title to
tile same, for the purposes aforesaid; and either party,
feeling aggrieved at said appraisement, may, within
thirty days after the same has been returned into
eouit, file an appeal therefrom, and demand a jury
of twelve men to estimate the damages sustained;
but such an appeal shall not interfere with the rights
of said company to enter upon the premises taken,
or to <lo any act necessary and proper in the con-
struction ot its road; and said party appealing shall
give bonds, with sufficient surety or sureties, tor the
payiueut of any cost that may arise upon such ap-
pe tl; and in case the party appealing does not
obtain a verdict increasing or diminishing, as the
case may be, the award of the commissioners, such
party sliull pay the whole cost incurred by the ap-
pellee, as well as his own; and the payment into court,
for the use of the owner of said premises taken as
aforesaid, of a sum equal to that finally awarded,
shall be held to vest in said company the title of said
land, and ot the righttouseand occupy the same for
the construction, maintenance, and operation ot said
road. And in case any of the lands to be taken, as
aforesaid, shall be held by any infant, feme covert,
nou compos, insane person, or person residing without
the States and Territories within which the land lies,
or persons subjected to any legal disability, the court
may appoint a guardian for any party under any such
disability, to appear in proper person, who shall give
bonds, with sufficient surety or sureties, for theproper
and faithful execution of his trust, and who may rep-
resent in court the person disqualified as aforesaid
fiom appearing, when the same proceedings shall be
hud in reference to the appraisement of the premises
to be taken for the use of the said company and with
tiiosame elfect as has been already described; and
the title of the company to the lands taken by virtue
of this act shall not beaffected or impaired byreason
ofany failure by any guardian to discharge faithfully
his trust; and in case any party shall have a right or
claim to any land for a term of years, or any interest
therein in possession, reversion, or remainder, the
value of any such estate,less than a fee simple, shall
be estimated and determined in the manner herein-
before set forth. And in ease it shall be necessary
for the company to enter upon any lands which are
unoccupied, and of which there is no apparent owner
or claimant, it may procced to take and use the samo
for the purposes of said railroad, and may institute
proceedings in manner described for the purpose of
ascertaining the value and of acquiring a title to the
same; but the judge of the court hearing said suit
shall determine the land of notice to be served on
such owner or owners in case of his or their incapacity
or non-appearance. But in case no claimant shall
appear within six years fiom the time of the opening
of said road across said land all claims to damages
a&ainsl said company shall be barred.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That each and
every grant, right,and pnvilegeherein are so made,
and given to, and accepted by, the said Texas Pacific
Itailioad Company upon and subject to the following
conditions, namely: that the said company shall
commence the work on said-road at each terminus
theieol, within one year after the passage of this ''ct,
and shall complete not less than twenty-five miles
on each ena, or fitty miles on the western end, of the
line of said road in the second year, and at least one
hundred miles of said road iu each year thereafter,
in good running order,and shall complete thewhole
line of road within eleven years from the passage of
this act.
Sec. 11. And be It farther cnucted. That the United
States make the several additional grants herein,
and the said Texas Pacific Railroad Company accept
the same upon the further conditions that ifthe&aid
eompnny make any broach of the conditions hereof,
and allow the same to continue for upward of one
year, then and in such case at anytime hereafter the
United States may do any and all acts and things
which may be needful and necessary to insure a
speedv completion of the said road.
Sno. 12. A n>i be it /«> fhtrewa-tcd, That said Texas
Pacific Railroad Company and brandies shall be
a po,-.t route and a military road, subject to inc
use of the United States for postal, military, andean
othei Government service, at fair and reasonable
rates ot compensation, not to exceed the amounts
paid by private parties for the same kind ot service,
for the use of said railioad or telegraph; and said
company shall at all times transmit dispatches over
said telegraph line, and transport mails, troops,
munitions of war, supplies, and public stores upon
said railroad for the Government whenever required
to do so by any Department thorcot, and at such
rates of compensation as the head of the proper
Department shall determine; and the Government
shall at all times have the preference in the use of
the same for all the purposes aforesaid at the rates
before mentioned.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the accept-
ance of the terms and conditions of this act by the
said Texas Pacific Railroad Company shall be sig-
nified in writing, under the corporateseal ofsaid com-
pany, duly executed, pursuant to the direction of
its board of diieotors, which acceptance shall be
made within eight months after the passage of this
act, and not afterward, and shall be delivered to the
President of the United States, and deposited in the
Department of the Interior.
Sec. 14. And beit further enacted, Thatthedirectors
of said company shall make an annual report of their
proceedings, receipts, and expenditures on or before
the 1st of December, verified by the affidavits of the
president and at least five of the directors, and de-
posit the same m the Department of the Interior;
and they shall from time to time fix, determine, and
regulate tho fares, tolls, and charges to be received
and paid for transportation of persons and property
onsaid road oranypartthereof: Provided, Thatsuch
rates shall not discriminate against any locality or
any other railroad now built or hereafter to be built
connecting therewith: And provided further, That
Congress may at any time regulate, fix,and determine
such fares, tolls, and charges: And provided further,
Thatsaid report shall set forth: first, the names of the
stockholders and their places of residence, so far as
the same can be ascertained; secoud, the names and
residences of the directors and all other officers of
the company; third, the amount of stock subscribed
and the amount thereof actually paid in; fourth, a
description of the lines of road surveyed, of the lines
thereof fixed upon for the construction of the road,
and the cost ot such surveys, and a true lisc of the
lands sold by said company during the year, and tho
purchase-money thereof, and the amount received
during the year for lands sold; fifth, tho amount
received from passengers on the road; sixth, the
amount received for freight thereon and from the
United States for the transportation of troops, mails,
and for other service for the United States; seventh,
a statement of the expense of said road and its fix-
tures; eighth, astatementof the indebtedness ofsaid
company, setting forth the various kinds thereof.
Which report shall be sworn to by the president of
the said company, and shall be presented to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury on or before the 1st day of
July m each year.
Sec. 15. And be it farther enactcd, That the direct-
ors chosen in pursuance of the first section of this
act shall, so soon as may be after their election, elect
from their own number a president and vice pi evi-
dent; and said board of directors shall, from time
to time, and so soon as may be after their election,
choose a treasurer and secretary, who shall hold
their offices at the will and pleasure of the board of
directors. The treasurer and secretary shall give
such bonds, with such security, as said board may
from time to time require. The secretary and treas-
urer shall, before entering upon their duties, be
sworn to the faithful discharge thereof; and said
oaths shall be made a matter of record upon tho
books of said corporation. No person shall bo a
director of said company unless he shall be a stock-
holder, and qualified to vote for directors at the
election at which he shall be chosen.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the presi-
dent. vice president, and directors shall hold their
offices for tho period indicated in the by-laws of said
company, not exceeding three years respectively,
and until others are chosen in their place and quali-
fied. In case it shall so happen that an election of
directors shall not be made on any day appointed
by the by-laws of said company, tho corporation
shall not for that cause bo deemed to be dissolved,
but such election may be holden on any day which
shall be appointed by the diiectors. The directors,
of whom seven shall he a quorum for the transaction
of business, shall have full power to make and pre-
scribe such by-laws, rules, and regulations as they
shall deem needful and proper touching the disposi-
tion and management of the stock, property, estate,
and effects of the company, the transfer ot shares,
the duties and conductot their officers and servants,
the election and meeting of the directors, and all
matters whatsoever which may appertain to the con-
cerns ot said company; and the said board of direct-
ors shall have full power to fill any vacancy or va-
cancies that may occur, from any cause or causes,
from time to time, in their said board. And the said
board of directors shall have power to appoint such
engineers, agents, and snhoidinates as may, from
time to time, be necessary to carry into eiiect the
objects of the company, and to do all acts and things
touching the location and construction of said road.
Sfc. 17. And be it further enacted, That it shall bo
the duty of the directors of said company to require
payment of the sum of ten per cent, in cash as an
assessment upon all subscriptions when made, and
the balance thereof, as also the balance of stociv pre-
viously subscribed, at such times, and m such pro-
portions, and of such conditions as they shall deem
to be necessary to complete the said railroad and
♦elcgranh hue wirliin the time in this act prescribed.
Sixty days' previous notice shall be given of the
payments required, and of the time and place of
payment, by publishing a notice once a week in a
dailv newspaper, in such of the principal cities as
the board of directors may determine; and in ca«e
any stockholder shall neglect or refuse to pay, in
pursuance of such notice, the stock held by such per-
son may be forfeited absolutely to the use of the
company and also any payment or payments that
shall have been made on account thereof, subject to
tue condition that the board of directors may allow
the redemption on such terms as they may prescribe,
or such subscriptions may be enforced by suit in any
court of competent jurisdiction.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted., That the said
company is authorized to accept to its own use and
benefit any grant of real or personal property, dona-
tion, loan, railroad franchise, aid, or assistance which
may be made to or conferred upon said company by
any State or Territory, or by any corporation or per-
son; and the said company is also authorized to hold
and enjoy such grant, donation, loan, franchise, aid,
or assistance to its own use and benefit for the pur-
poses aforesaid.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That unless said
railroad companyshall obtain bona./tcfosubscriptions
to tho stock of said corapauy, to the amount of
$2,000,000, with ton per cent, paid, within two years
after the passage of this act, in the manner, form,
and at the time provided in this act, this act shall bo
null and void.
Sec. 20. Andbeit further enacted, That all railroads
constructed, or that may be hereafter constructed, to
meet said Texas Pacific railroad shall have a right to
connect with that line; that no discrimination as
regards charges for freight or passengers, or in any
other matter, shall be made by said Texas Pacific
Railroad Company against any of said connecting
roads, but that the same charges per mile as to pas-
sengers, and per ton per mile as to freight, passing
from the said Texas Pacific railroad over any of
said connecting roads, or passing from any of said
connecting roads over any of said Texas Pacific
railroad, shall be made by said company as they
make for freight and passengers over their own road :
Provided, aiso, That said connecting roads shall
reciprocate said right of connection and equality of
charges with said Texas Pacific railroad.
Sec. 21. And be 'it further enacted, That the New
Orleans, Baton Rouge, and Vicksburg Railroad Com-
pany, a corporation chartered by tho State of Louisi-
ana, is hereby authorized to connect with the said
Texas Pacific Railroad Company at or near Marshall,
Texas; and there is hereby granted to tho said com-
pany the right, power, and authority to take from
the public lands adjacent to the lines of its railroad
earth, stone, timbei, and other materials for the con-
struction of its railroad. This grant to include a right
of way to tho extent of two hundred feet in width
where it shall pass over tho public lands, and all
necessary grounds tor stations and structures con-
nected therewith, not exceeding forty acres of land
at any one station, excepting all lands containing
minerals or valuable deposits of sulphur or salt, the
same to be in one body, in such form and location
as said company shall designate, subject to the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Interior; and the said
company is hereby authorized and empowered to
construct, build, and maintain bridgesoverand across
the navigable waters of tho United States through
the State of Louisiana, (except the Mississippi river,)
on the route of its said railroad; and the said rail road
shall be deemed, recognized, and known as a post
road; such bridges not, however, to obstruct the
free navigation of such rivers, but to be built in tho
manner required by law.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That for the pur-
pose of aiding said company in the construction of a
railroad from the city of New Orleans on the most
eligible route to be selected by said company to Baton
liouge, in said State, thence m the direction of Alex-
andria, in said State, to connect with said Texax Pa-
cific railroad at or near said Marshall, there bo, and
is hereby, granted to said New Orleans, Baton Rouge,
and Vicloburg RaiLroad Company each alternate
section of the public lands nearest to said road, and
within the limits of ten miles in width on each sido
thereof, designated by odd numbers, to the amount
of five such alternate sections on each side thereof
per mile; but in case it shall appear that the United
States have, when the line or route of said road is
definitely fixed, sold, granted, or reserved, any sec-
tions or parts thereof granted as aforesaid, or that
the right of homestead or preemption has attached
to the same, other lands shall be holeetcd by said
company in lieu thereot, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, lying within five miles of
the line ofsaid grant: J'rovuled, Thatsaid company
shall construct and open for traffic one hundred and
t.wenty-fivemiles of said road within twelvemonths
from and after the passage of this act, and shall con-
struct and open for traffic the whole of said line
within five years from and after tho passage of this
act: Provided further, That the said company shall
accept this grant within ninety days from and after
the passage of this act by filing an acceptance in
wiihng, signed by a majority of its directors, with
tho Secretary of the Interior; and also shall locate
its line of railroad, and file a map thereof with the
Secretary of tho Interior, within twelve months
from and after such acccptnnceof this act. Where-
upon the Secretary of the Interior shall withdraw
from market and from iiorncstoad and preemption
the lands embraced within this grant, except all
lands to which a preemption or homestead claim
shall have already attached, and thereafter withholp
the same from market during all the remainder ot
the tunc hereinabove designated for the construction
and opening for traffic tho said hncol railroad. Aud
when said comoany shall give notice to theFriwi-
deni of the United States that it has constructed aud
opened for traffic twenty consecutive miles ot any
portion of said railroad, the President of tho Unuod
States shall appoint, a commissioner to examine tho
same, and report to the Secretary of tne; Interior
in relation to tho said construction; and if it shall
