1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2751
If such power exists the Senator should show
it, and that ends the matter. But to our objec-
tions, based upon the specific language of the
Constitution, the Senator replies only in wail-
ing accusations that we are attempting to revive
the doetrinc of State rights, that we are seces-
sionists and nulliliers. But the Senator will
find it impossible long to deceive the American
people. They are too intelligent, too well
versed in the history of freedom not to know
that Congress ought not to violate the Consti-
tution by exercising powers which the Consti-
tution forbids.
When the Revolution was an accomplished
fact, and our public men camc to discuss the
subject of a new Government, a great variety
of views were found to exist. Some favored
a Government of great centralized power, to
which the States would stand in the relation
of counties to States; while others favored a
General Government with very limited powers. .
Finally a Convention was called, which adopted !
the present Constitution. And now, if a ques-
tion arises as to what powers are possessed by
the Union, every intelligent man knows that
the Constitution must settle that question, and
that the writings of those men who favored a
different form of Government are immaterial
•in the construction ol' the Government actually
established. The question they were discuss-
ing was, wliat kind of a Government would be
best adapted to our wants. The question we
have to discuss is, what Government in fact
was established. The question is not whether
it be best or worst, but what is it?
The question immediately before us is, for
instance, can Congress deprive the State of
Georgia of the right to amend her constitution
in regard to common schools? I insist that
such right is secured to the State by the Con-
stitution of the United States. But, says the
Senator from Massachusetts,that is State rights,
secession, nullification, Calhounism. I appeal
to the Senator to know if he regards that as a
candid method of arguing this question?
Mr. SUMNER. I have not used the word
:l secession" or ''nullification."
Mr. CARPENTER. You have used their
equivalent,.
Mr. SUMNER. I used the words "State
rights."
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator charged
mo with having reproduced in this Senate the
blood-bespattered doctrines of Mr. Calhoun.
It is unnecessary to say that that means seces-
sion.
Mr. SUMNER. I said that the Senator
appeared in the blood-bespattered garments
of Calhoun.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator may
arrange his figures of speech to suit himself;
the meaning is the same.
If a Senator maintains that a State has the
right to punish murder or administer justice
among its own citizens, of course in doing so
he maintains a State right. But is that reviving
secession ? The honest method of arguing such
a question is as plain as the road to market.
If, for instance, the power to punish murder
in a State is not by the Constitution conferred
upon the Union, nor by it denied to the State,
then it remains to the State. Now, if the Sen-
ator can show that the subject of education is
withdrawn from the States, and that the Uni-
ted States has jurisdiction over it, then of
course the power to pass this bill exists; other-
wise it does not exist. The Senator has studi-
ously avoided this precise question. He has
never yet dared to say that the subject of gen-
eral education was one of the subjects with-
drawn from the States and committed to the
Union. An houest discussion of the precise
question does not answer his purpose. He
scorns the hard work of pure logic. It is easier
to denounce his opponent as a follower of J ohn
C. Calhoun than it is to show that the States
have surrendered the subject of education.
I do not propose to discuss again this gen-
eral question. But here let me notice one
remark in the recent speech of the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] the only part of
that speech that can be regarded as a consti-
tutional argument. He maintained that if
Congress had not the power to postpone the
election in Georgia until 1872 that it had not
the power to say it should be held in 1870.
The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides that Congress may enact uniform laws
on the subject of bankruptcy. It would be
just as sound to maintain that if Congress had
the power to pass uniform laws on the subject
of bankruptcy, it had the power to pass laws
that were not uniform, as it is to argue that
because Congress may say that the election in
Georgia shall take place this year it might say
that it shall not take place for two years hence.
In saying that it shall take place in 1870 we
simply say that the constitution of Georgia
shall have an effect that is republican. Insay-
ing that it shall not take place until 1872 we
say the constitution of Georgia shall have an
effect that is anti-republican. It would be to
continue in their seats and ofiices men not
elected by the people for a term of two years,
and that would be anti-republican.
But, sir, I do not propose further lo argue
the general question; Before taking my seat,
however, 1 will allude to one further remark
of the Senator from Massachusetts, by which
he disclaimed the doctrine of a certain remark
of mine, that when the war came in the Con-
stitution, in a certain sense, went out.
I do not propose to discuss this subject at
any length, but merely to i Uustrate what I mean
by that phrase. An ocean steamer, thoroughly
provided with all mechanical contrivances and
with flag flying, puts out toward the open sea;
a fire breaks out, and the captain desires to
make the land. In that endeavor ho employs
every instrumentality at his command; but,
as the fire advances, one after another of
the instrumentalities for navigation becomes
unavailing; still he employs all that remains.
Finally, when the engine becomes useless, and
the rudder no longer answers the touch of
the pilot, the ship floats at the mercy of chance,
and her commander resorts to any expedient,
inside or outside the laws of navigation, to res-
cue his passengers from the deep. So, when
civil war breaks out in this country, under a
Government created by a written Constitution,
the Constitution is to bo observed as far as it
can be. It is still in force as to civil adminis-
tration just as far as it can be in force. Con-
gress cannot, pending a war, grant titles of
nobility nor condemn land for a post office
without compensation first made. In other
words, it is the duty of those who administer
the Government to observe the Constitution as
far as it possibly can be observed.
But suppose that in our late rebellion dis-
asters had multiplied until our people panic-
stricken had attempted to flee the country and
remove their valuables to a foreign laud, to
such extent that it became perfectly evident
that the Government must be destroyed or the
emigration of our people be prevented. The
Constitution says no duty shall be laid upon
exports. That provision was designed to in-
sure freedom of emigration and the removal
of all money and valuables belonging to emi-
grants. Now, suppose the extremities of na-
tional existence had reached this alternative,
that this provision of the Constitution must be
violated, or the Government be overthrown.
Would any Senator have hesitated to choose
between these alternatives? Supreme laws in
the full sense of supremacy man may not enact.
What we call supreme is only relative. Look
at the earth revolving in its orbit round the sun
in order and witli regularity. An earthquake
comes, and in obedience to a mandate higher
than physical laws, goes marching through
the earth submerging cities and upheaving
islands to restore the somewhere disturbed
equilibrium of nature. So war invades the
social system, and sets at defiance all the enact-
ments of man. It brings its own necessities,
and those necessities bring with them license
to do what must be done. It is true of the
Constitution as of man, it must sometimes lay
down its life to save its life.
In 1862 the President was brought face to
face with- such an emergency. Every vessel
that left our shores was loaded down to the
water-line with men mostly of foreign birth
fleeing the-draft. To meet that contingency
Secretary Stanton issued his celebrated order
of August 8, 18G2, as follows:
" By direction of tho President of tlie United States
it is hereby ordered." that, until further order, no citi-
zen liable to be drafted into the militia shall be
allowed to go to a foreign country. And all mar-
shals, deputy marshals, and military officers of the
UnitedStatesarodirected, and all police authorities,
especially at the ports of the United Statos on the
sea-board and on tho frontier, are requested to see
that this order is faithfully carried into effect. And
they arc hereby authorized and directed to arrest
and detain any porson or persons about to depart
from tho Unitod States in violation of this order, and
report to Major L. C. Turner, judgo advocate, at
Washington city, for further instructions respecting
tho person or persons so arrested or detained.
2. Any porson liable to draft whoshall absent him-
self from his county or State before such draft is
made will bo arrestod by any provost marshal or
other Unitod States or State officer whenever be may
befound within the jurisdiction of the United States,
and bo convoyed to the nearest military post or depot
and placed on military duty for the term of the draft;
ami the expenses of his own arrest and conveyance
to such post or dopot, and also the sum of five dol-
lars as a reward to the officer who shall make such
arrest, shall bo deducted from his pay."
In a mere constitutional sense a greater out-
rage was never committed than by this order
which arrested every able-bodied citizen of the
United States between tho ages of eighteen and
forty-five, and made him a prisoner in his own
home. But in that higher atmosphere of na-
tional necessity, where the voices of Constitu-
tion and Jaws are feebly heard, this order finds
its justification. A more beneficial act was
not performed during the entire war. I recol-
lect well that in the State of Wisconsin large
numbers of our foreign-born population, beside
themselves with fear of the draft, had aban-
doned their homes, and with their valuables
packed, were making their way out of the coun-
try, when this order, like a jet of cold water
thrown upon a drunken man, sobered them at
once, and they turned back to their homes,
many of them enlisted in the Army, and did
good service in the field.
This is what I mean by saying that the war-
power is outside of the Constitution. 1 do not
mean that when a war comes Senators are
absolved in their consciences from obedience
to any provision of tho Constitution which can
bo obeyed ; but what 1 say is, that a nation, like
an individual, may find itself in a crisis where
all constitutions and accustomed modes of
proceeding must bo disregarded to preserve
national existence, and that to hesitate in such
emergency between an observance of the Con-
stitution and the preservation of nationality
would bo to stick in the bark and sacrifice the
end to the means.
Mr. SUMNEIl. Mr. President, I will not
occupy time by discussing the question whether
our war was inside or outside of the Constitu-
tion. I know well that the great Secretary,
whom the Senator has now quoted, never was
more indignant than when any one suggested
that anything done to put down the rebellion
was outside of the Constitution. Often have 1
heard him speak on that point. He was a law-
yer, and a good one, and he knew full well that
under the Constitution of this Republic we
possessed every power of self-defense possessed
by any other Government, any power possessed
by the Emperor of France or the Czar of Rus-
sia. At the cry of war all the jura belli were
at once set in motion, vast, comprehensive,
minute—-all of them without exception. There-
fore do I say it is a mistake to assert that what
we did was outside of the Constitution. It was
under the Constitution; for the Constitution
itself set them all in motion.
But the Senator asks for a grant of power
applicable to the present case. Is he in earn-
est? I presume he is, for he has pressed his
