1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5583
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina one question. Can
he read the constitution of Georgia and doubt
that the constitution of Georgia authorizes the
people to have an election this coming fall?
Mr. SAWYER. I cannot so read it; but I
am told that there are a great, many people
who do so read it.
- The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The report was concurred in.
civil appropriation bill.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had recommitted
the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H. R. No. 2165) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30,1871, and for other
purposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate concur in the action of the House of
Representatives recommitting that bill to the
committee of conference for the correction of
an error.
The motion was agreed to.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, in answer to a resolution of
the 7th instant, requesting him to institute an
inquiry, by such means as in his judgment shall
be deemed proper, into the present condition
of the commercialrelations between the United
States and the Spanish-American States on
this continent, and between those countries
and other nations, and to communicate to the
Senate full and complete statements regarding
the same, together with such recommenda-
tions as he may think necessary to promote
the development and increase of our commerce
with those regions and to secure to the United
States that proportionate share of the trade of
this continent to which their close relations
of geographical contiguity and political friend-
ship with all the States of America justly en-
title them; which, on motion of Mr. Sumner,
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
indian appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro teiripore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Chandler] to take up the bill
indicated by him, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I appeal to the
Senator from Michigan to allow me to make a
report from the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CHANDLER. When the bill is taken
up I will give way with pleasure ; but of course
I will yield now if the Senator wishes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations report back the bill (H. R.
No. 2413) making appropriations to enable the
President to pay certain annuities to and pre-
serve the peace with the various Indian tribes
for theyear ending June 30,1871, and forother
purposes, with amendments ; and I ask fox-
immediate action.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to appropriate $5,000,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, to enable the President to
maintain the peace among the several tribes,
bands, or parties of Indians, pay annuities to
the same, and to promote civilization among
said Indians, bringing them, where practicable,
upon reservations, relieve their necessities, and
' encourage their efforts at self-support and edu-
cation ; a detailed report of all expenditures up
to that date, under this appropriation, to be
made to Congress in December next. No
money therein appropriated is to be applied in
payment of any claim for services heretofore
rendered, or supplies heretofore furnished with-
out authoiity of Saw.
The Committee on Appropriations proposed
to amend the bill by striking out in line two
the word "five" and inserting "six," so as to
read " six million dollars;" and to strike out
all after the word "necessary," in the third
line of the bill, and in lieu of the words stricken
out to insert:
For the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and to enable the President to
fulfill treaties and treaty stipulations with the vari-
ous Indian tribes and other legal obligations, and
for the general and incidental expenses of the Indian
service in the Territories of Arizona, Colorado, Da-
kota, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Utah, Wyom-
ing, and Washington, and the States of California,
Nevada, and Oregon; for the purchase and supply
of goods, agricultural implements, live stock, and
other useful articles, and for the support of schools,
workshops, and for necessary clothing and subsist-
ence where no special provision therefor is made by
treaty stipulations or other legal provisions; and
for the necessary service of Indian reservations, a
detailed report of all expenditures under this appro-
priation to be made to Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Thisis a matter
of so much importance that I ought to explain
it to the Senate. I do not propose to occupy
more than a few moments of the time of the
Senate; but it is important that the Senate
should understand the posture of the appro-
priations for the support of the Indian depart-
ment of the Government. The disagreement,
of the two Houses cannot fail to be of the most
unfavorable character to the Indian service and
to the country.
As the question is now presented to Con-
gress it is something in this wise: we have an
Indian policy and an Indian system, not of
yesterday or to-day, but coeval with the ex-
istence of the Government itself. It grows
out of treaties with the Indian tribes, com-
mencing in the last century and running down
through the whole history of the Government
to the present time, and annually during all
this period it has been the duty of the Govern-
ment, a duty from which it has never shrunk,
to make annual appropriations specifically for
the fulfillment of the treaties atd treaty stipu-
lations made with the Indian tribes. There
has been no departure from this policy of the
Government from its earliest date down to last
year, as I am advised.
Last year some three or four or more trea-
ties—I am not sure of the number precisely,
four or five perhaps—were not appropriated
for. In the annual bill sent from the House
to the Senate this year a large proportion of
the treaties were appropriated for, in accord-
ance with the ancient policy, the uniform pol-
icy of the Government; but a certain class of
treaties, originating in 1807 and 1868, were left
out of the appropriation bill'. Amendments
were made by the Senate to carry out those
treaties, and the bill was returned to the House
for its concurrcncc in those amendments. The
House non-concurred with the Senate in those
amendments, insisting on their amendments,
and agreeing to a conference. In conference
the committee were able to agree substantially
on all the details of the bill except as to these
particular treaties ; a class of treaties num-
bering, 1 think, ten, which originated in 1867
and 1868, forwhich the Honse refused to appro-
priate specifically. Although this is a bill in
its title to fulfill treaty stipulations with the
Indian tribes, the House of Representatives
refused to appropriate for those treaties, and
they do it upon the ground which I had occa-
sion to state on a former occasion, and only
repeat it now without argument, denying the
authority of the Senate to make these treaties
so as to bind the House.
The Senate committee were unable to bring
themselves to the conclusion that it was a proper
thing, or a prudent thing, or a safe thing, to
agree to so wide a departure as was demanded
by the action of the other branch of Congress,
and therefore advised the Senate to insist upon
its amendments. The House, whose duty it
was first to act upon the report, adhered to
those disagreements to the amendments to the
bill, and, adhering and asking no further con-
feience, the bill fails.
Now, sir, instead of that bill, instead of a
concurrence, or instead of an invitation to fur-
ther conference through a new committee, the
House of Representatives has sent us a bill
appropriating $5,000,000 in gross, to be ex-
pended by the President of the United States
to maintain peace with the Indian tribes, to pay
annuities, and, in a general way, to superintend
the civilization of the Indians. It is substan-
tially an appropriation of $5,000,000, to be
expended at the discretion of the President,
for the general objects named in that bill.
Mr. President, in my judgment nothing could
be more to be regretted than a necessity which
should make it expedient to depart so much as a
hair's breadth from that general, uniform, and
obvious policy which the Government has here-
tofore pursued in regard to the Indian tribes
of this country; and now that the Indian tribes
are feeble, now when we see that we are taking
possession of the continent and driving the In-
dians to the last inch of land where it is possi-
ble for them to maintain an existence, for the
Government of the United States to hesitate to
maintain the most sacred regard for their treaty
stipulations with these defenseless and now
fugitive Indians, in my judgment is that ques-
tionable public faith which the Government of
this country cannot for a single moment con-
template.
Mr. President, are we now willing to enter
upon a new policy in regard to the appropria-
tions for the Indian department, which shall
set aside that rule for the distribution of the
annuities which is prescribed by treaty stipu-
lation, and which enables the Congress of the
United States and the American people to
know precisely how we are dealing with the
Indian tribes and what they have a right to
expect? Are we willing to say to-day that we
will put into the hands of the President of the
United States $5,000,000, without specifica-
tion, without limitation, entirely at his discre-
tion, to distribute it here and there and every-
where, over this broad continent, in the lan-
guage of the bill, in whatever way he may think
contributes to the preservation of peace among
the Indians? Are you willing to enter upon a
policy which shall put into the hands of the Ex-
ecutive or his subordinates annually §5,000, o3o
to be distributed as he or they choose ? If
you are, you are disposed to enter upon a
policy so extraordinary that I question whether
this Congress or any of its successors will be
able to justify itself to the country.
Mr. President, the Committee on Appropria-
tions has taken this bill last sent to us in gross,
and with every disposition to accommodate
itself to the views of the House, and to go just
as far as is practicable to bridge over this diffi-
culty between the House and the Senate, and
save to the country the ancient aud uniform
policy to which we are committed, and to save
those prerogatives of the Senate which it can-
not and ought not to yield, have presented the
bill to the Senate with great reluctance. It is
a bill which I am well aware is of a ques-
tionable character ; a bill which is too general
in its terms to become a policy : a bill which
I would not consent to report to the Senate of
the United States at any other time than when
it was in the last hours of the session, and to
avoid, as I hope we may in this way, the call
of an extra session of Congress.
Now, let me tell the Senate in a few words
what this bill is. The Committee on Appropri-
ations propose to strike out "§5,000,000" and
insert "$6,000,000," because that was the ap-
propriation last year substantially. It was a
few thousand dollars more than that. We do
that because in the examination of the regular
appropriation bill as it came from the House,
and as amended by the House, we were able
to agree upon the details of that bill to an
amount something over six million dollars, so
that there is no difficulty in fixing upon the sum
which ought to be appropriated for the Indian
service. Six million dollars the two commit-
tees would be able to agree upon as the sum
