1870.
THE OONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1807
of the examiner, because he will know more
of the matter in some aspects than any exam-
iner caii'
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. I see thut the joint resolution
before the House provides for carrying into
effect its own provisions with reference to new
patents hereafter to be issued. What I want
to ask the gentleman is this: whether as re-
gards patents from the organization of the
Government down to the present time this new
arrangement will not be of comparatively lit-
tle value to inventors unless the same arrange-
ments shall be made to apply to the patents of
past years? Otherwise will not the number of
inventions which they will have to inquire into
in the Patent Office here at Washington be so
greatthat these volumes, deposited as the gen-
tleman proposes, will after all be of little value
to inventors for many years to come?
Mr. JENCKES. By no means. The num-
ber of patents issued since 1836 is about one
hundred thousand. I think that number was
passed the other day. Of this number about
fifty thousand, or one half the whole number,
have been issued within the last four years;
and if they increase in the same proportion very
soon these volumes which are to be printed and
distributed, many of them containing patents
for improvements on existing machines, will
contain drawings and specifications of those
machines or those parts of them on which im-
provements are made, and nearly the whole
subject will thus be brought within the reach
of the inquirer. But that is a separate subject.
For the information of the gentleman, however,
I will repeat what was alluded to by the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing. It is esti-
mated that the drawings and specifications of
all the patents now on record could be repro-
duced in three hundred volumes at a cost
of—I believe $200,000 was the figure stated by
the chairman of the committee 
Mr. LAFLIN. Yes, Bir.
Mr. JENCKES. At a cost of $200,000—
less than one half the amount now at the
credit of the Patent Office in the Treasury
of the United States; about the excess of
the receipts over expenditures in the Patent
Office during last year. It thus appears, if I
understand correctly the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing, that the revenues of this
Patent Office will in one year, if the business
remains in 1870 as it was in 1869—will in one
year pay the entire expenses of printing and
distributing the records of patents issued prior
to 1870. And this money which the inventors
pay is a fund to the benefit of which they are
entitled. It was dedicated to them by the law
which created it; and the best investment
which can be made of it, if the money is now
in the Treasury, would be to use it in printing
and distributing the record of the greatest
progress in sciences and industrial arts ever
known in an equal period in the history of
mankind.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question for information.
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I desire toJcnow whether
each of these patents is to be entitled to one
page of the illustrations in this book ? .
Mr. JENCKES. Many patents have no
illustrations. Few of the chemical patents
have any illustrations.
Mr. TOWNSEND. If there are thirteen
thousand patents issued a year will it not take
a volume of two hundred and fifty pages a week
of illustrations?
Mr. JENCKES. No, not of illustrations.
Mr. TOWNSEND. Well, to make a number
of this work?
Mr JENCKES. One week's work makes
two volumes, and the letter-press is bound up
in one volume and the illustrations in another.
Mr. TOWNSEND. Now, I want to know
whether or not, taking into account the ex-
pense of getting up the plates and the let-
ter-press ot that large number of volumes in
the course of a year, it will not more than
exceed the annual expenditure that there is
now ?
Mr. JENCKES. The expense will be
$100,000 less than we expend annually now
for the publication of this meager and imper-
fect report, on my computation, and I put the
number called for if my amendment shall be
adopted.
Mr. TOWNSEND; Will the gentleman
state by whom the estimates have been made ?
Mr. JENCKES. By the Committee on
Printing, after a careful investigation at the
Government Printing Office, and by the persons
who contract to do this work.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I am in favor of hav-
ing as much information distributed among the
people as possible; but I fear that the cost of
this large number of volumes, containing from
two hundred aud fifty to three hundred pages
each, will more than exceed the present cost
of the work.
Mr. JENCKES. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing [Mr. Latun] has carefully
investigated the subject, and if the gentleman
will look at the figures in his speech of yester-
day, he will see that he has demonstrated the
fact I have stated by the estimates of the Pub-
lic Printer and of the contractors who are now
doing the work. This is not a new matter.
These drawings are now prepared for the Patent
Office. The fees which the law charges to the
inventors now cover this expense. What is
now proposed is simply to use the plates already
at our disposal to increase the number of copies
for distribution. With that small extra ex-
pense there will still be a saving of seventy-
five or one hundred thousand dollars a year.
About that there can be no doubt.
Mr. CAKE. I desire to ask the gentleman
aquestion before he proceeds to another branch
of the subject. Might not the present law be
bo changed and amended that applicants for
patents, inventors, might procure this inform-
ation without the expensive trip and the loss
of time which would be involved in hunting
through these volumes that it is proposed to
place at various points throughout the coun-
try ? Might there not be an amendment of the
law to compel the Commissioner of Patents to
answer interrogatories, which would save all
that expense and trouble to the inventor ?
Sir. JENCKES. Yes, if you will double the
force at the Patent Office at an expense per-
haps tnoreJ.han double or treble. The present
force in the Patent Office cannot answer the
questions which the law requires them to answer
now in time to be profitable to the inventors.
To put upon them this additional correspond-
ence would of necessity require a duplication
of the present force, aud the consequent addi-
tional cost of salaries and expenses for rooms,
and all the incidental expenses of such a vast
machine. I would say to the gentleman that
this matter has been the subject of most anx-
ious thought and sludy by previous Commis-
sioners of Patents and Committees on Patents,
both of this House and of the Senate, and they
can find nothing so simple, so cheap, and so
effective as the duplication of the records and
their distribution through the country at access-
ible points..
Mr. CAKE. If the gentleman will answer
one more question I will not interrupt him
again.
Mr. JENCKES. Itia no interruption.
Mr. CAKE. My colleague on the Commit-
tee on Printing stated yesterday that these
large books are not the books that it is pro-
posed toprinfc. What books are to be printed ?
Mr. JENCKES. A book exactly half the
size of that book—a book about the size of
the present report. By the arts of photo-litho-
graphy and lithography they reduce the illus-
trations to half the size. Parties can have
the option of taking the original record or the
reduced form. The engravings of a size half
that of the record can be furnished at a cent
and a half apiece.
Mr. CAKE. Then the books are to be just
the size of the old reports ?
Mr. JENCKES. Perhaps a little larger;
allowing more margin.
Mr. CAKE. I wanted to bring out the fact
whether that was or was not the book.
Mr. JENCKES. I suppose some would take
the larger work and be willing to pay the addi-
tional expense. And there is another thing
which will explain to the House how it is
that this publication can be paid for. it is
because the most of these specifications and
drawings are in demand, not by inventors alone,
but by those who ueal in the subject of the
invention. Aud the Commissioner is author-
ized to sell copies, and the rates at which he
sells them are the rates, or nearly so, that he
is now allowed for manuscript copies. And
the difference between the price he receives
and the cost of producing the copies furnishes
a handsome revenue to the Department. In
case of important in veutions every person work-
iug in the subject matter to which they relate
must have, for their own protection, a com-
plete set of all the patents for inventions relat-
ing to the subject which are on record at the
Patent Office. For instance, a man who is
running looms has a collection of all the patents
on looms. And one interested in the manu-
facture of agricultural machines has a collec-
tion of all the patents relating to the particular
machine he is building. And he would be
likely to send to the Patent Office an order to
have sent forward to him all the patents which
may be granted on the subject, and in that way
the Patent Office derives a large commission.
Now, I wish it to be borne in mind that what
is proposed by this resolution to be furnished
is in no way the creation of an additional
expenditure for this particular purpose. It is
taking what is already in use and extending it.
It does not require the setting up of the type
or the furnishing of new lithographic plates,
&c., for this purpose, that having already been
provided in the regular business of the Patent
Office.
Mr. CAKE. I think the gentleman will find
that whether the mode now in vogue is con-
tinued in operation or a new mode is adopted,
in either case special designs must be pre-
pared.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman speaks as
if he bad not investigated this matter; I have.
When one of these drawings .is prepared the
persons who agree to furnish the same in re-
duced size make no charge for the new plate.
They simply place this plate in their photo-
graphic apparatus, and the new plate comes
out exactly of the half, or quarter, or any other
proportional size asked tor. They assume
the cost of the new plate themselves and do
not impose it upon the Government. They
charge the Government only so much a piece
for the prints which they furnish. The cost
of furnishing this new plate is so insignificant
compared with the cost of the old plate that
it is hardly worth while considering it.
There is another consideration which I think
should not be lost sight of; that is, that we are
here furnishing a record for all the world of
the progress ot America in the useful arts. It
is or will be a greater contribution to the cause
of invention and improvement in the useful
arts than ever was made in any other country
in the world. It was a great work for the
superintendent of patents in England, Mr.
Woodcroft, t© have reproduced all the patents
issued by that Government from the beginning
down to the present time. And it was a noble
thing on the part of the English Government
to furnish complete copies to all libraries and
institutions that would bind them properly and
preserve them carefully. But the contribution
of England in that respect will be insignificant
as compared with ours ; aud if we adopt this
resolution, and add to it a provision to enable
the Commissioner of Patents to reproduce all
