4640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
•appear, to bis satisfaction, by tlic report and certificate
of such commissioner, alter such examination, that
said company have constructed, in a good, substan-
tial, and workmanlike manner, and good running
order, twenty miles of said road, patents shall be
issued conveying to said company the quantity of
lands, as hereinabove provided,situated opposite to,
and contcrrninouswitb,such completed section ; and
so, from time to time, until the whole line shall be
completed.
Skc. 23. And be it further enacted, That the Grand
Tower and San Diego Pacific Railroad Company, and
its successors, a corporation duly organized under the
laws of the State of Arkansas, is hereby authorized
and empowered to survey, lay out, locate, and con-
struct, furnish, maintain, and opeiate, and enjoy, a
continuous railroad and telegraph line, with the ap-
purtenances, from a point near Fulton, in the State
of Arkansas, by the most eligible routo to some point
on the lino of the said Texas Pacific railroad, not
west of Dallas, in the State of Texas ; and said com-
pany is hereby authorized to construct, build, and
maintain abridge across the navigable watprsof lied
river, on the route of said joad, subject to any laws
for bridging navigable stream*; and the right of way
is hereby granted to said company io the extent of
two hundred feet in width on each side of said rail-
road line, including all necessary grounds for sta-
tions, eating-houses, woikbhops, depots, machine-
shops, side-tracks, switches, turn-tables, arid water-
slations; and the right ot way across the lands of
pirate persons shall be obtained in the same manner
and by the same means as is provided for procuring
the right, of way by said Texas Pacific Railroad Com-
pany; which Grand Tower and San Diego Pacifio
Railroad Company shall have the right to connect
with said Texa* Pacific Railroad Company on equal
terms with all the rights of said last-named company.
All rights, powers, and privileges conferred by this
act upon tho Texas Pacific Railroad Company are
hereby extended and shall belong to the Grand Tower
and San Diego Paciiic Railroad Company: Provided,
That said last-named company shall not bo entitled
to any public lands of tho United States.
Sec. 24. And be it further enucted, That the North
Louisiana and Texas Railroad Company, a corpor-
ation created by an act of the Lcgislatuie of Louisi-
ana, is hereby authorized to extend its said line so
as to connect with said Texas Paciiic Railroad Com-
pany at its eastern toiminu?, at or near Marshall,
Texas and ?aid North Louisiana and Texas Rail-
road Company shall bo subject to all the restrictions
in the transmission ol freight «mdpassengersimposed
by this act upon the Texas Pacific Railroad Company.
Sec. 1!o. And be it further enacted, That the rights,
privileges, and grants of land made to the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company of Cahlornia by the act
of Congress of July 27, 1SGG, and tho amendments
thereto, arc hereby confirmed, and confined to tho
location of the line ot said road as indicated by a
map tiled by said company on tho 3d day of Januaiy,
1807; and the withdrawal of the land by the Secre-
tary of the Interior in accordance with said map is
hereby approved and confirmed; and said company
is afco hereby authoiized to extend its present rail-
road and telegraph linefrom such point,and bysuch
route as it may select, to connect with the Texas Pa-
cific railroad at the Colorado river, oi at any point
west thereof, with a branch through San Joaquin and
Tulare valleys, connecting with the Western Paciiic
railroad near the San Joaquin river ; and to aid in
the construction of said road and branch tho same
rights and privileges, and the same amount of land
per mile, are hereby granted to the said company as
by tho act of July 27, 3800, wero grantad to tho said
Southern Pacific Railroad Company; and whenever
the grant hereby made for the construction of said
road or branch includes any sections withdrawn, as
aforesaid, for ibobcnefit of the Southern Pacific rail-
roa d of California,'*!'eh sections shall be taken as apart
of this grant; and said company shall, within one year
fi uiii tlic d.ite hereof, file such additional maps as may
be necessary or proper J f they accept of the conditions
of this act. And the Secretary of tho interior shall
withdraw the lands as provided in the said act of July
£7,1866; but if tlic said company shall so change the
line of said road as to exclude from the limits of the
grant to said road and branch any lands heretofore
withdrawn between the junction of the main lino
and branch, and San Jose, such lands shall bo re-
stored to the public lands of tho United States, and
thereafter bp subject to homestead and preemption
.settlement as other public lands; and hereafter said
company shall build at the rate of twenty miles a
vear of said road, and twenty miles a year of said
branch, until both are completed, or forfeit all tho
j.'rants, rights, and privileges conferred upon it by
Congress: and upon the construction of each sec-
tion ol siid road or branch in the manner and within
the time provided by Jaw, and notice thereof being
tfiven by the company to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, he shall direct an examination of such section
hy commissioners to be appointed by the President,
u< provided in the said act approved July 27, 3SG6;
mid upon the report of thecommissionersto the Sec-
rei nry of the Interior that ruch section of said road
or branch has been constructed as required bylaw,
in complete running order, it shall be the duty of the
Seercrary of the Interior to cau^e patents to be
issued to said company for the lands granted as
aforesaid for the construction ot such section to the
extent and amount granted to said company by this
act and the said act of July 27, 1^66, situated oppo-
site to and conterminous with such completed section.
Snn. 'J>. And be it further enacted, That Congress
may at any time alter or amend this act, havingdue
regard to the rights of the railroad companies herein
named, and all other parties in interest.
Amend the title of the bill so as to read : An act
to incorporate the Texas Pacific Railroad Company,
and to aid in tho construction of its road, and for
other purposes.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to insert in the third
line of the amendment, page 1, after the words
"James II. Starr," the words ''John W.
Glenn,'' and on page 2 to strike out u Charles
0. Trowbridge," in line nineteen, and insert
Nathaniel W. Brooks and S, M. Shoemaker."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I am told that Mr. Shaffer
has a middle name. In line eight it should
read ''William F. Shaffer."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I gave notice
several days ago of certain amendments which
I proposed to olfer to this bill. The amend-
ments are printed. I am very unwell, too
unwell to stand up long to-night, and I appeal
to the Senator from Michigan to postpone the
further consideration of this measure, to give
me an opportunity to say what I desire to say
in opposition to this bill. It involves very
grave and important interests in Texas, inter-
ests in fact that I feel it is my absolute duty to
bring to the notice of the Senate, and I am
unable to do it to-night.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, Mr. President, I
regret exceedingly that the honorable Senator
is not able to proceed with the consideration
of the bill. I hardly think we shall be able to
finish it this evening; but perhaps, as there
are some oilier amendments lo be offered, we
had better receive the amendments and perfect
the bill as well as we can.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Well, I will
send up tho amendments I propose to move
and have them read at the desk.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposed
amendments will be read.
The Chief Clerk, The first is in line
twenty-live, section one, to strike out the word
li Texas," and so on wherever it occurs there-
after in the bill.
* The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Chair understand this to be a change of name?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Yes, sir; the
second amendment is tho most important one j
and if that is adopted all the rest follow neces-
sarily.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The second
amendment will be read for the information of
the Senate.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Then read
the bill as proposed to be amended.
The Cihep Clerk, The second amendmeut
of the Senator from Texas is to strike out the
following words in the first section, after line
thirty-four:
Beginning at or near Marshall, county of Harri-
son, State of Texas; thence by the most direct mkI
eligible routo to bo determined by said company, to
a point on tho Trinity river, in Texas, to be selected
by said company, to a point- at or near.
So as to read :
And said corporation is hereby authorized to lay
out, locate, construct, furnish, maintain, operate,
and enjoy a continuous railroad and telegraph line,
with the appurtenances, namely, beginning at or
near El Paso on the Kio Crandc del Norte.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on the amendment of the Senator from Texas
to the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose these amend-
ments will be voted upon separately. The first
is to change the name of the corporation con-
templated by the bill from "the Texas Pacific
Railroad Company" to "the Pacific Railroad
Company." The Committee on the Pacific
Railroad had that matter under consideration,
and after casting about in various directions
for a name for the new being I think they were
entirely unanimous in giving it the name of
the Texas Pacific, and I like that very well.
It is significant; it shows the beginning and
end of the road; it is short, euphonious, easily
written, and easily spoken.
Mr. DRAKE. There is one Pacific Rail-
road Company in Missouri.
Mr. HOWARD. I w;is about to say that
there is a Paciiic railroad in Missouri, and then
there is the Union Pacific, the Central Pacific
railroad, and I know not how many more Pa-
cific railroads in existence. I think the name
chosen by the committee is a very good one.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. My main object
is to strike out from the bill all that portion of
it which relates to Texas, and make the initial
pointat El Paso instead of at Marshall, Texas.
I think I shall be able to show that this is not
a new enterprise: it is the old Southern Paciiic
road, 1 think. That is my conviction. I have
tried to iuquiro and ascertain what the object
was in beginning on the northern boundary of
Texas. 1 can see but one reason. All the
bills that are pending here, at the other end of
the Capitol and in this, and all that I have seen
or heard spoken of, contemplate beginning
on the northern boundary of Texas. Why is
that?
Mr. HARLAN". I understood the honorable
Senator from Texas to say that he was too
unwell to-night lo go on with the remarks he
desired to submit. I therefore suggest that he
withdraw his amendmenttemporarily, and per-
mit other Senators to offer such amendments
as they wish to offer.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I thought the
Senate was going on with the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. It is not the purpose of
the chairman to conclude the bill to-night.
Mr. HOWARD. My only anxiety is to act
on such amendments as will tend to perfect
the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Very well ;
I will withdraw my amendment for the present.
Mr. HOWARD. Now I offer an amend-
ment to which I think there will be no oppo-
sition :
Sec.—. And be it further enaried, ThattheAlabama
and Chattanooga liaiiroad Company, incorporated
under the laws of Tennessee, Georgia, Alabama, and
Mississippi, is hereby authorized to extend its trunk
lmo of railroad, and to lay out, locate, construct,
furnish, and equip, maintain, and enjoy a continuous
1 trie of raih oad and of telegraph, wiUi all the appur-
tenances thereof', from Chattanooga to the Missis-
sippi river, at or near Vicksbur^, across tho said
river and through the State of Louisiana and into
Texas, so as to connect with said Texas Pacific rail-
road at its eastern terminus at or near Marshall.
Texas, with power to purchase or consolidate with
the Yicksburg and Meridian, and the North Louis-
iana and Texas Railroad Companies whose roads he
in tho general line of its route, upon terms and con-
ditions to bo agreed upon by the companies and
parties in interest. And all rights, powers, privileges,
and grants to which tho Texas Pacific Railroad Com-
pany is entitled by the terms of this act, in any State,
are hereby in like manner for that purpose, extended
to, conferred upon, and shall belong, under like
restrictions, limitations, and conditions, to the said
Alabama and Chattanooga Railroad Company, to
the Vicksburg and Meridian Railroad Company,
and to tho North Louisiana andTcxas Railroad Com-
pany, respectively, to enable them to form a connec-
tion with this main line at Marshall, Tcxj*.
The amendment should come in as section
twenty-six.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will take
its place as section twenty-six if adopted.
Mr. ROBERTSON, lhope that amendment
will not bo tacked on to this bill. Let it come
up on its own merits. I for oneobjcct to tack-
ing it on to this bill. I hope Senators will look
into the matter before they vote for the amend-
ment.
Mr. TIIURMAN. If I understand tho
amendment aright, it proposes to confer certain
powers on a corporation created by some State.
I ask that it may be reported again.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. It strikes me that that
goes further than anybody has yet claimed to
be the power of Congress. Of course we all
understand that it is claimed by certain Sen-
ators that Congress lias the right to make rail-
roads through the Slates, without the consent
of the States. We know that that is the claim,
that that is the belie! of perhaps a large num-
ber j it may possibly be of a majority of the
Senate. Iiow that is, I do not know ; but I
have never before heard it asserted that Con-
gress had the power to confer upon a company
