3696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
brings me back to the point from which I
started. Judge Ryan was regarded as a Union
man throughout the entire State of Louisiana.
Could he, with his well-pronounced character,
have made speeches and denounced Union '
soldiers as hirelings without its being known? !
Could that have been done by a judge, a uiem- '
V er of the Legislature, the chairman of the
judiciary committee of the Legislature, the
founder of the university, foremost at his bar,
a man of distinction—could he have pro-
claimed those incendiary and infamous senti- >
ments testified to by the negro, Lott, and by
Calhoun, without the military commander of
the district learning that fact? On the contrary,
he was regarded as a Union man; he was an
immensely popular man throughout his district.
The result was that at the fall election in two or
three of the parishes where he was best known
and of great personal popularity he swept the
polls, having brought men of ail parties to his
support. The returns show that he got all the
votes which in the spring were cast for the
Democratic candidate, and nearly all the lie* ;
publican votes besides. And why should he
uut? Why should it not be so? His own freed-
men, his former slaves, testify that he was !
regarded as a loyal man among the colored i
people of Louisiana? i
Is it wonderful, then, that an old and munifi- j
cent citizen, the fouuder of institutions, the '
planter of large fields, giving employ to colored '
men and regarded by them as a friend of the
Union; is it wonderful that in the parishes of
Caddo, DeSoto, Bossier, Sabine, aud Winn lie
should get nearly the entire vote? This result
can be accouuted for in no other way, because
there is not proof of violence or lawlessness or
bloodshed sufficient to drive mea from the ;
polls. To say that the unanimity of the vote ,
is proof of such violence is a far-fetched and I
unworthy argument against a good man. What
does Governor Welts testify? He says, "I
went to his house, wheu" 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VOORHEES. I only require five min-
utes more.
Mr. BURDETT. The time has arrived when
the previous question was to be called. I nov
make that motion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was first on
agreeing to the substitute offered by Mr. Kerr.
Mr. BURDETT. Of the hour which re-
mains sixteen minutes belong to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhbes,] and he
can dispose of the time as he pleases.
Mr. WILKINSON. Did I understand the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] to
say that this district was nearly a thousand
miles long?
Mr. VOORHEES. Nearly a thousand miles
long by the river. I will say, on the authority
of Judge Ryan, than whom a more truthful
man does not live, that it is one thousand miles
from Baton liouge by the river to the Texas
liue. The district embraoes one conntj east
of the Mississippi river, and extends across
the northern end of the State of Louisiana to
Texas. I give my authority for the statement,
and I have no doubt that it is exactly correct.
But that is of not much importance..
There has been here a harsh, hard, cruel
attack against a faithful man, one who has been
true to the Government, and whose only offense
now is that he does not affiliate with the domi-
nant party is this House. It is but natural
that we have our differences. It is but natu-
ral that we draw these lines upon our political
adversaries. 1 ainiiot complaining of that.
I am something of a party man myself. But I
do ask and implore the House not to be so
blinded as to lose sight of the great leading fact
in the case.
Here was a man who has been for a long
timea citizen of Louisiana, whose loyalty is well
known to the oldest and bbst citizens through-
out the State, and was never suspected during
the war. When Captam Stafford mustered his
company in Alexandria, to go to the confed-
erate army, Governor Wells, your own Gov-
ernor, went'to Judge Ryan's house and said to
him, " Here is Captain Stafford, our mutual
friend, who was a Union man at the start, but
fainted by the way; he is going off with his
company, the sons and brethren of us all; go
out and bid them good bye." The testimony
is that Judge liyan refused over and over again.
They asked him to make them a little farewell
speech, and wish them a safe return with as lit-
tle bloodshed of their own or anybody else's as
possible. So scrupulous was Judge Ryan in
his bearing before the people that he refused.
They half forced him to the porch of his home.
Governor Wells so swears, and Dr. Sullivan so
swears.
And well might this mau, with his high char-
acter for kindness, intelligence, and patriotism,
poll not merely a majority of the votes in that
widespread district, but poll every vote in it
from the Mississippi river to the Texas border.
It is not wonderful that as against a new man
this vote should be given for him in these three
or four parishes. How else do you account for
the fact that his vote was just about in each
instance the aggregate of that cast for every-
body the spring before ? The people supported
him almost unanimously in two or three of
these counties. I have known such instances
in the Northland personal popularity has far
more influence in the South than it has in our
colder regions.
If you throw this gentleman out of his seat
I will tell you what you will do. You will vote
out of his seat a roan whom your own testimony
pronounces loyal. You will vote out of his
seat a mau who has been sent here by a ma-
jority of the registered electors in his districts
Yon will turn, out a man who received a ma-
jority over hit competitor, even if you give him
every vote that you complain was ndt put in
the ballot-box. If you seat the other man,
you seat him against the spirit 'of this Govern-
ment, which is controlled by majorities. You
will seat him as the Representative of a minor-
ity, and not of a majority. Sir, this injustice
toward political adversaries, come from what
party it may, whether it has come from my own
in times goneby, when it was in theasoendency
here, or from yonrs since you have held the
reins, has always been resented by the people.
When yoa have deprived a man of his rights
here the people have taken care of him. W hen
you have trampled him under foot, they have
taken him up in their arms lovingly, and even
in gerrymandered districts have done him jus-
tice. And now, sir, with the feeling that I have
only partially done my duty, I leave Judfje
Ryan's case in the hands of the House, to be
decided, I trust, in justice and in right,
Mr. BURR. I would inquire of the Chair
how much time is remainingof the time allowed
the gentleman from Indiana,[Mr. VoorhbBs'/]
. The SPEAKER. Nearly ten minutes.
Mr. BURR, it had not been my intention
to say anything whatever in connection with
this case, until the suggestion made yesterday
by my colleague on the Committee of Elec-
tions, the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Bur-
dett,] caused me to look somewhat into the
figures relating to some of the parishes referred
to by him. I now ask the House for a mo-
ment to bear with me while I call attention to
tbe figures as set out on page 4 of the report
made in this case by the majority of the Com-
mittee ofElections. What the gentleman said
on yesterday, to which I wish to refer, was
this:
" I then call the attention of the House to the far-
ther fact that in the space of a few months & large
number, amounting to thousands, of Republican
votes cast in these four parishes dwindled down to
the insignificant number of forty-six votes only;
that in one of these parishes, where a large number
of Republican votes were cast but seven months be-
fore, no single Republican vote was permitted to be
east; that in three others of these same parishes but
one single Republican vote waB cast as against thou-
sands caet a few months before; that in the whole, I
repeat again, of these five contested parishes thou-
sands of Republican rotes were dwindled down to
only forty-six, nnd in four of thorn but tlncoRepub-
liean votes arc returned."
And in attempting to find an explanation
of that alleged fact, lie says:
"The answer to this inquiry is found in the vol-
umes of testimony .submitted to the House by the
committee, lrom which it appears that at that elec-
tion no men, save sueh as braved death itself, were
permitted to cast a Republican vote."
Now I want to look for a moment at the
figures showing the votes in the election of
1807, to see if it is possible that the statement
of the gentleman can be so. 'l'he parishes to
which he was referring when lie made those
remarks are the parishes of Caddo, De Soto,
Bossier, Sabine, and Winn. The gentleman
estimates, and perhaps correctly, that the votes
cast in these several parishes in the spring of
1867, upon the question of calling a State con-
vention to amend the constitution, was the
correct vote of the parishes ; that the votes in
favor of the convention were cast by Repub-
licans, and the votes in opposition to the con-
vention were cast by Democrats.
Now let us see what conclusion must then fol-
low if his theory concerning the election in ques-
tion in the case now being considered by the
House bo the correct one. In 1807 the total
registered vote in Caddo parish was 3,704, of
which the gentleman classes as Republican
2,087, and as Democratic 2-39.
If, however, it be said that that was not a
fair test, I suppose the election for Governor
would be, in April, 1808, at which time the
Republican vote, as stated by the committee in
their report, was 1,242, and all others, which
we will assume to be the Democratic vote,
was 956. If, then, it be true that the result of
the election of November, 1808, which gave
Judge Ryan 2,885 votes in that same parish,
was brought about by intimidation or any such
exercise of power by the Democrats as to pre-
vent Republicans from voting, then it must
be true that 259 Democrats overcame by intim-
idation and force 2,087 Republicans, and not
only prevented them from voting the Repub-
lican ticket, but absolutely forced them to vote
the Demooratic ticket, compelled them to vote
in favor of Judge Ryan and against their own
candidate. Now, is it reasonable to suppose
that such was the case? Can no other explan-
ation be found than one so absurd as the
proposition that two hundred and odd voters
compelled over two thousand voters to v6te for
their antagonistic candidate? That is not the
•explanation of the large vote cast for Mr. Ryan,
the whole vote being still within the total num-
ber of registered votes in that parish.
But take each of these parishes separately,
and the same astonishing disproportion exists
between the vote of 1867 and the vote of 1868.
The next parish named, De Soto; gave in 1807
1,428 votes for the convention and 74 against
it. Yet my friend in eharge of this case, [Mr.
Bordbtt,] in his argument makes the 1,428
votes yield to the superior force and intimida-
tion of 74 voters, and in so doing to give Judge
Ryan, in 1868, 1,259 votes lor Congress, with
not One in opposition to him. Sir, such a sup-
position is not reasonable; there is nothing
upon the face of the papers in this ease to sus-
tain it; there is no testimony to make such a
conclusion at all possible, that a minority of
one tenth or one twentieth of the total regis-
tered vote had power, either moral or physical,
to force their political candidateupon avast and
overwhelming majority in point of numbers.
That is a Btrange conclusion ; a supposition
that will not bear the test of close examina-
tion.
The votes in the other parishes show the
same astonishing disproportion. In 1867 Bos-
sier parish' gave for the convention 1,610,
against 121 votes; Sabine gave for the con-
vention 344, against 15; and Winn gave 584
for arid 49 against. In November, 1868,
Bossier parish gave 1,631 for Ryan, and 1 for
Newsham 5 Sabine gave 865 for Ryan, and 1
for Newsham; and Winn gave 702 for Ryan*
and 43 for New&haot.
