496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] will be
considered as pending.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would like
to hear it read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The amendment is
very long, and its reading-will occupy too much
time. I hope the gentleman will withdraw his
call for, the reading at.the present time.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then I hope
the gentleman from Ohi.o [Mr. Lawrence] will
state substantially what it is.
Mr: LAURENCE. Let it be read.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If the gen-
tleman will state what it is in substance I will
not ask for the reading.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
amendment being considered as pending?
Mr. RANDALL. Yes; I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I call for the
previous question on- the bill and the pending
amendments.
Mr. DICKEY. An amendment was offered
last night by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Ward] for his colleague, [Mr. Davis.]
It has been printed and laid upon our desks.
Do I understand it to be a pending amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. There is lying upon the
Clerk's desk a printed amendment with the
words "intended to be proposed by Mr. Da-
vis," which he handed in yesterday afternoon.
If he were here he would probably propose it;
but the Chair cannot recognize it as a pending
amendment.
Mr. DICKEY. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Faunsworth] to yield to me to
propose that amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot. ^ I will
now hear what the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Paine] desires to say.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to propose to the House
that unanimous consent be granted that a vote
shall be taken upon all amendments offered,
including that of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Davis,] even though they may not
be strictly in order.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
84, noes 28.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. FA.RNSWORTH. I ask that the amend-
ment which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrence] desired to offer may be printed in
the Globe.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
The following is the amendment which Mr.
Lawrence desired to offer:
Add to the bill the following :
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That no person
snail be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or
elector of President and Vice President, or hold any
office, civil or military, under the United States or
under any State, who shall not have taken and sub-
scribed one of the following oaths or affirmations,
namely, " I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have
never taken an oath as a member of Congress, or as
an officer of the United States, or as amemberof any
State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial offi-
™r of any State, to support the Constitution of the
Urntcdfatates, and thereafter engaged in insurrection
.or rebellion against the same, or given aid orcomfort
lo thopnemics thereof;" or "I do solemnly swear (or
arnrm) that I have been relieved from disability by
an act of Congress, as provided for by the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth article of the amendments of
the Constitution of the United States."
Sec. . And be it further enacted, That every per-
son who shall willfully and falsely take eithor of the
oaths named in this act, being at the time of taking
such oath disqualified from holding office under the
provisions of tho fourteenth article of the amend-
ments of the Constitution, shall be deemed guilty of
perjury, and shall be punished by imprisonment and
ime as prescribed by the thirteenth section of the act
approved March:-i, 1825, entitled "An act more effect-
ually to provide for the punishment of cortain crimes
against the United States, and for other purposes."
And if any person shall hold or exercise any of the
duties of such office it shall ba prima facie evidence
thatsuchperson has taken the oath first herein men-
tioned.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall hereafter.exerci.se the duties of, accept,_or
hold an office to whioh heis ineligible under thethird
section of tho fourteenth article of the Constitution
of the United .States, or who being so ineligible shall
attempt to hold or exercise the duties of Such office,
shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and upon oon-
viction thereof shall be imprisoned at hard labornot
less than three years nor more than ten, or fined not
less than {1,000 nor more than $10,000, in the discre-
tion of the court.
Sec, —. And be it further enacted. That the "district
and circuit courts of tho United States, within their
respective districts, shall have eonourrent jurisdic-
tion of all offenses committed against this act: and
the district attorneys, marshals, and deputy marshals
of the United States shall, and they are hereby, spe-
cially authorized and required to institute proceed-
ings against any person who shall violate the provis-
ions of this act.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That the several
courts of the United States and the several justices
and judges thereof, within their respective jurisdic-
tions, shall have jurisdiction and authority of all
suoh actions, suits, and proceedings at law, in chan-
oery,and otherwise; and jurisdiction, authority, and
power to issue and enforce all such writs of injunc-
tion, habeas corpus, quo icarranto, mandamus, and all
other writs and processes; and make, render, and
enforce all such orders, decrees, and judgments as
may be necessary or proper to enforce all the pro-
visions of tho thirteenth and fourteenth articles
of amendments to the Constitution of tho United
States, or any other amendment which maybemade
thoreto, or which may bo necessary or proper to
furnish a complete remedy and redress for every
injury sustained, or which may be sustained by any
aot or matter done or threatened in violation of any
provision of such amendment, or by the omission
of any act or matter required to be done by any
Sro vision of such amendment; and said courts shall
avo power to make all rules and regulations neces-
sary or proper to enforce the provisions of this act;
and said courts, justices, and judges shall in like
manner have power, jurisdiction, and authority to
enforeo and carry into effect the fundamental con-
ditions upon which any State has been or may be
admitted to representation or admitted into tho
Union.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield for three
minutes to the gentleman from Michigan, f Mr.
Conger.]
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, I had not
intended to join in this discussion and should
not do so now, except that gentlemen on both
sides of the question, for the division is not by
party lines, seem to attach great political and
personal importance to the particular form or
manner in which the State of Virginia shall be
restored to her relations with the General
Government.
For myself, Mr. Speaker, and for the people
of that portion of the State of Michigan which
I have the honor to represent in tlns.House,
I assert here in my place our constant, long-
cherished, and earnest desire that not only
Virginia, but every other rebellious State and
people, shall return to their loyalty, allegiance,
and proper position in the Union.
I voted for the joint resolution of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Binqham] to admit
Virginia to representation in Congress without
conditions, and since that failed to receive the
support of the House, I shall vote for the bill
to admit her with conditions. There is no con-
dition in this bill which is not already substan-
tially in the constitution of Virginia adopted
by her people and the organic law of the State.
And, sir, I am in favor of the amendment of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Davis,]
as being more clear in statement, more specific
in arrangement, and providing for the enforce-
ment and execution of the law. It asserts that
Congress has reliance upon the good faith of
Virginia to carry out the provision of her con-
stitution, and thus to carry out the provisions
of this law.
Does any one claim that tho fourteenth
amendment executes itself? I presume not;
for it provides in itself for congressional legis-
lation, and I have yet to learn that with sneh
power reserved to Congress any other power
or State can legislate on that subject. It is
the privilege of Congress thus to make such
laws for Virginia or any other State to enforce
this constitutional provision ; and the duty is
upon Congress, and cannot be delegated to
others, to make all laws necessary and proper
to enforce the provisions of the Constitution,
and whether Virginia is in the Union or out
of the Union, Congress may make laws, with
conditions and penalties and safeguards, to
enforce upon the people of that State or
any State of this Union the requirements of
the fourteenth article or any article of our
Constitution. Who claims that in Virginia or
elsewhere men disqualified by a constitutional
provision and still in that condition may,in
violation of the organic law of the nation, bold
office in the State or nation and execute laws
in contempt and violation of the highest laws?
Who desires to prevent any of the people of
Virginia from enjoying the privileges of educa-
tion as provided in this bill? Who would turn
her children, of whatever condition, race, or
color, away from her free schools, in the enjoy-
ment of which they are guarantied by this bill?
Who would prevent her citizens serving on
juries, which both her constitution and this bill
assures to the citizens ? Who among all who
have spoken would refuse the Senators, she
has chosen admission to Congress.?. And
finally, who would object to the punishment
provided in this amendment for the willful and
corrupt perjurers?
And yet all these—no more, no less—are the
provisions of this bill and the amendment. To
all these provisions Virginia professes to assent;
her Governor, her Legislature, her people all
assert that they mean in good faith to exe-
cute and forever preserve all the requirements
of her constitution, all the requirements of
this bill. Are they honest and true 1 Then
this bill will accord with their wishes. Are
they dishonest and secretly false? Then, Mr.
Speaker, this House, this Congress, and the
united voice of the nation demand the passage
of this bill as a perpetual guarantee to the peo-
ple of Virginia and to all our people that
neither the constitution of Virginia northe Con-
stitution of the nation shall be violated because
Congress refuses to provide the appropriate
legislation and make laws which Congress
alone is empowered to make.
But I need not enlarge upon this subject.
Discussion has taken its widest range; it has
gathered its arguments, illustrations, analogies,
and similes from the heaven above and the
earth below and the waters under the earth.
History has brought its tribute, poetry its
decoration, antiquity its warning, and futurity
its prophecy, to adorn the reconstruction of
Virginia, the rehabilitation of the ancient
mother of States. Her native-born sons and
the sons of her daughter States and the sons
of sister States come flocking around Virginia,
bringing their offerings of love, respect, almost
adoration, and casting them upon her with
such wanton profusion that to-day this vener-
able object of our solicitude is more likely to
be crushed by the gifts of her admirers than
injured by the discipline of her enemies, if ene-
mies she still has.
But with all our sympathy, all our love, all
our veneration—so freely given and so nobly
expressed are we all contemplating the same
object? Does our vision rest ,upon the same
picture? _ Are we bringing our offerings to the
same shrine? What Virginia do we; mean?
Is it the Virginia of the Revolution, and do we
mean her people then«? One would believe so
from hearing the well-deserved praises of so
many gentlemen on this floor of her revolu-
tionary chieftains, her grand orators, her far-
seeing statesmen, lier fair and liberty-loving
daughters, and their undying devotion to lib-
erty and human rights! Do we mean her hills
and plains, her rivers and mountains, her lands,
her broadly extended territories, stretching
as they then did from the Chesapeake to the
Mississippi, from the Cumberland to the Red
Kiver ot the North, and fringing all but one
ot our great inland lakes ? If this be what we
mean as the Virginia of revolutionary times
language and metaphor and time would fail to
paint the glories of the Old Dominion, as her
mountains and plains, her rivers and lakes,
tier forests and prairies spread in endless suc-
cession before our raptured vision over the vast
empire of her domain.
