5584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
which ought to be distributed under all the
circumstances to meet the demand of the In-
dian service. Therefore the committee pro-
pose that amendment.
Now for the distribution of it. As the Sen-
ate will see, we have not set out the treaties
specifically; that is offensive to the House;
but we do not choose to abandon the treaties,
as a rule, for appropriations; nor do we pro-
pose to abandon the treaty stipulations run-
ning back into the last century, and which have
been the uniform rule and guide of this nation-
in its dealing with the Indians, and leave it to
the discretion of any officer, however high in
the executive department of the Government;
and therefore we have said that this $6,000,-
000 shall be applied, first, to pay the general
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment. It will be seen by an examination of
the House bill that no provision whatever is
made for the general and contingent expenses
of the Indian department; but a gross sum of
$5,000,000 is sent to us to be expended at the
discretion of the President of the United
States, without its providing for the general
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment.
I mention that simply as illustrating, I will
not say the absurdity, but the extraordinary
character of a bill which puts into the hands
of the President of the United States $5,000,-
000 which is to be applied to a service, a gen-
eral system, or a permanent establishment I
might say, and yet ignores the fact that you
have any such system, ignores the fact that
there is any such thing as an Indian service or
an Indian establishment in this country ; but
overriding the whole of it, ignoring the whole
of it, puts $5,000,000 in the hands of the
President of the United States to distribute as
he pleases; for there is no limitation at all
upon his discretion.
Having provided for those expenses, we say
next in the bill that the money is to be appro-
priated to enable the President of'the United
States to fulfill the treaty obligations and treaty
stipulations with the Indians; and in that we
have followed the language of the regular bill
asj|it came from the House of Representatives
to the Senate at this session, and as using the
uniform language in that behalf.
It will be seen that the object of the com-
mittee has been to avoid the specification of
the treaties in detail, and at the same time to
give the President of the United States a sum
of money equal to the purpose of meeting the
demands of the Indian service, and going no
further than to specify in a general way the
objects to which this money shall be applied ;
first, to the expenses of the Indian department;
secondly, to the fulfillment of the treaties; and
then farther on we say that it shall be expended
to meet the demands of the Indian service in
the Territories, naming them, and in the sev-
eral States where there are no treaty stipula-
tions.
Thus directing the President of the United
States as to the rule by which he is to be guided,
keeping in view that we have an festablished
Indian service, and directing his attention to
that fact, he is first to provide for the general
and current expenses of the Indian depart-
ment ; secondly, the fulfillment of the treaties,
without specifying them; and in the third place,
having regard to that general service which
spreads all over the country under a usage so
uniform and so general that the President can
understand it by adverting to the statutes of
appropriations in the last fifteen or twenty
years; and then concluding by directing his
attention to such objects in regard to that gen-
eral service as have been prescribed by the
statutes making these appropriations time out
of mind; such as the care of the Indians, teach-
ing them agricultural pursuits, establishing
workshops, schools for their education, fur-
nishing them with food and clothing, and the
like; and further providing for the survey ot
sertain Indian reservations, which is made
necessary by the law as well as by treaty stip-
ulations.
Now, Mr. President, if it is the pleasure of
the Senate to accept this, it seems to me that
it may bridge over the difficulty between the
two Houses.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is this a conference
report?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; the
House have sent us a bill in a general way,
and we have responded to that with this bill
reporting a larger sum of money; a sum of
money equal to that which was in the other
bill, and specifying how that money shall be
expended. I am aware that it is objectionable.
It is only an expedient. I trust it will never
be repeated by a subsequent Congress. I think
it is a bad example, a bad practice to appro-
priate a gross sum of money without specifica-
tion. We do not do it in any other depart-
ment, of the service. It never ought to be done
except as an emergency and as an exigency.
But we have fallen into a difference of opinion
on this subject. The two Houses are divided.
Upon the best efforts we have been able to
make we are still divided. This is the bill of
the House; the Senate makes this proposition;
and if it is the pleasure of the Senate to accept
it, I am in hopes that the House of Represent-
atives may feel the importance of the subject,
and appreciate the endeavor which the Senate
is making to bridge over this difficulty without
an extra session of Congress, which is inevit-
able if we do not agree to this now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the spirit mani-
fested by the Senator from Maine in the amend-
ment that he has offered, and in the remarks
that he has made, is commendable. He seeks
to avoid any difficulty with the House of Rep-
resentatives, which has refused, as I under-
stand, to make the necessary appropriations
te carry out the supreme law of the land. By
the Constitution of the United States treaties
are made the sfupreme law of the land ; and
the very first Congress that ever assembled in
the United States, a Congress largely composed
of the men who made the Constitution, passed
a law on the 20th of August, 1789, providing
for the negotiation of treaties with the Indians.
From that day to this, under every Adminis-
tration, and by whatever party was in power,
treaties have been made with the various In-
dian tribes, nearly all of which treaties have
provided for the payment of money in extin-
guishment of the title of the Indians to land,
or by way of annuities ; and from that day to
this we have paid those annuities in pursuance
of those treaties' by appropriations from the
Treasury. Now, the House of Representa-
tives, as I understand, proposes to refuse to
appropriate money to carry out these treaties,
and so refusing, sends us a bill appropriating
$5,000,000 to be placed at the discretion of the
President, without specifying the provisions of
law under which that money is to be used.
The Constitution of the United States declares
that—
"No money shall be drawn from the Treasury but
in consequence ot appropriations made by law."
This Constitution was intended as a practi-
cal instrument, and every clause of the Con-
stitution is to have a reasonable and practical
meaning. What is the obvious meaning of the
words 1 have read? The intention was that
Congress should see specifically the purpose
for which the money was appropriated ; not
that we should pass a general law that $100,-
000,000 should be appropriated to be expended
by the President in seeing that the laws are
faithfully executed, and leaving him to use the
money as he pleases ; but so far as it is^ prac-
ticable it is the duty of Congress to specify the
objects for which money is appropriated. That
was the intention of this clause m tlio Consti-
tution of the United States.
Now, sir, 1 think an exigency might arise,
in a lime of war, in a time of great public peril
and danger, when it might be advisaole to
place in the hands of the President even so
large a sum as $5,000,000, to be used in his
discretion. But this is not a time of war; this
is a time of peace. We have the means of
knowing the purposes for which the money
appropriated in this bill is to be used; and it
is our duty to designate those purposes.
While 1 comjnend the spirit in whieh the
Senator from Maine has offered his amend-
ment, I say to him that I am unwilling to vote
for his amendment. I think his amendment
is a little better than the House bill, and very
little better. I am in favor of passing the bill,;
appropriating the money directly, as required
by the treaties we have made, which are the
supreme law of the land; and I shall move to
amend the amendment of the Senator from
Maine by striking that out and inserting the
bill as it passed the Senate; and I am willing
that it shall go to the country, and let the
House of Representatives take the responsi-
bility, if they will, of refusing to pass an appro-
priation bill to pay money specifically provided
for by the treaties that have been made and
sanctioned from the days of Washington until
now. I ask the Senator from Maine to change
his amendment, to put nothing in it but the
exact appropriation of money required to carry
out Indian treaties, and send it to the House
of Representatives, and let them refuse, in the
face of the country, in the face of the Consti-
tution, under the oaths tjhey have taken, if
they will, to appropriate the money whieh the
treaties require to be appropriated, some of
which treaties were made, not only in pursu-
ance of the Constitution, but in pursuance of
the action of the House of Representatives
itself. Why, sir, it is not five years, I believe
it is not three, since the House of Represent-
atives united with the Senate in the passage
of a law appointing a commission for the very
purpose of making treaties with the Indians.
Mr. DAVIS. And to be submitted to the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And to be submitted to
the Senate; and when those commissioners,
appointed under authority of law. to which the
House of Representatives itself wag a party,
made treaties in pursuance of the Constitution,
let it be known to the country ^hat the House
of Representatives refuses to appropriate the
money to cany out the tieaties which have
been made in pursuance of the Constitution
and of the act of Congress. Sir, we have but
one duty to perform, as it seems to me. I
ask tho Senator from Maine if he will not con-
sent to change his amendment so as to substi-
tute in place of it the appropriation bill to carry
outthe Indian treaties, and let us send that to
the House of Representatives; and if at this
hour, within twelve hours of the time of adjourn-
ment, they refuse to pass such a, law, let them
take the consequences. The consequences will
be upon them, and not upon us.
Now, sir, if the Secretary has in his posses-
sion the Indian appropriation bill as it passed
the Senate, I move it as an amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 have a copy of the bill as
it passed the Senate, with tho modifications
agreed on in detail by the ehaiiman oi the
Senate part of the committee of conference
and the chairman of the House part of the com-
mittee. I understand that the two chairmen
met together informally and went through tho
bill in detail, agreeing on the amount, of money
that should be appropriated under each head ;
so that if the two Houses had agreed on the
general principle of the bill they would huve
been prepared to make their report. I believe
this is an exact copy of the agreement come to
as to the details of the bill by those two mem-
bers of the conference committee, at least as-
near as I could make it out from conversation
with the honorable chairman of the Senate com-
mittee and the clerk of the committee, and
upon the memoranda in his possession. I
think it is very neaily exact.. I will therefore
olfer this, with the consent of the honorable
Senator from Illinois, as an amendment to the
