1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3697
In all these parishes, in 1867, the vote was for
the convention 0,053; against the convention
618. The vote for the convention my friend
from Missouri [Mr. Bukdett] classes as Re-
publican ; and by parity of reasoning the vote
against the convention would be the Demo-
cratic vote in those parishes. Yet his conclu-
sion is that in November, 1868, those 518
Democratic votes overwhelmed by force and
intimidation the 6,053 votes, and compelled
them to give 7,342 votes for Judge Ryan to
only 46 votes against him.
And now, sir, simply because these parishes
have not given a Radical majority the Com-
mittee of Elections challenges the whole vote.
These six thousand Republicans of 1867 are
invoked to tell why they did not carry the
election for the Radical party, and they answer,
11 We voted for Ryan." And when a reason
is sought why they so voted the Committee of
Elections step to the front to answer the ques-
tion for them and say in most indignant tones,
"These six thousand men were intimidated
and forced to vote for llyan." But, Mr.
Speaker, who coerced and intimidated these
six thousand? Why, sir, the answer given by
my zealous friend from Missouri is, they were
coerced by five hundred Democrats! Oh, what
pitiful subterfuge to make such assertions, and
palm off such weak inventions as argument!
Five hundred men intimidate and coerce six
thousand! Why, sir, if it be possible for minor-
ities to so control majorities I could wish my
friend from Missouri would teach us how it is
done, in order that we Democrats, in a hope-
less minority here, may profit by the lesson, and
on suitable occasions coerce you of the major-
ity into some of our measures for public good.
Such coercion might result in great benefit to
the people.
1 account for this whole showing of facts
upon the hypothesis stated by the eloquent
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. voorhees] who
has just addressed the Mouse. A gentleman
of the prominence of Judge Ryan in that
region, whose loyalty and allegiance to the (lag
are indorsed, as I understand, by some of the
military officers who are here to-day as Repub-
lican members of the House; a gentleman with
such a record and occupying in the past so in-
fluential a position, when placed before the peo-
ple as a candidate for Congress, under the cir-
cumstances connected with the contest in that
district, might naturally be expected to swell
the vote up to almost the entire number on the
registration. But there is another considera-
tion to be borne in mind. I havte known cases
where a minority, knowing itself to be help-
lessly small, would by agreement refrain from
voting, although there was nothing like intim-
idation.
. But, sir, this case brings up the directques-
tion, " Was any legal election held in Louisi-
ana in 1868?" If any such was held the vote
in question should remain undisturbed, for no
proof is bronght against this one district which
does not in equal degree affect every other dis-
trict in the State. The trouble is, sir, not in-
timidation nor violence, but the fact that those
districts voted Democratic. That is the head
and front of their offending. But was any legal
election held in Louisiana?
Why, sir, I need only to refer to the fact
that when the august assemblage, composed
of the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States, assembled here to count
the last electoral vote, the vote of Louisiana
was received-as legitimately and regularly cast.
Yet, sir, if we accept as tree the reports com-
ing from the Committee of Elections, which
have thrown out certain parishes and certain
districts, and on that ground have refused seats
to members of Congress elected from that
State, no legal election was held in any con-
siderable portion of the Slate of Louisiana in
November, 1888, and no legal votes were cast.
But this House is estopped from coming to any
sach conclusion. By its solemnly recorded
action it has declared that a legal -election was
41st Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 232.
held in the State of Louisiana. If the decision
of the most solemn conclave that can assemble
under our Constitution is to be accepted as
correct, then thero is no more authority for
attacking the validity of the election in any
part of this congressional district thau in all
the residue of the State of Louisiana.
If I were looking at this question from the
mere narrow stand-point ofpartisanism I would
wish this House to award Colonel Newsham
the seat as a duly elected Representative from
the fourth district of Louisiana, who stands so
largely in the minority that his vote is incon-
siderable as compared with the total vote cast
or the total registered vote. But if Colonel
Newsham Bhould be seated as a member of
this House in spite of the overwhelming vote
of his opponent, a vote which is a majority of
the total registered vote, while I could wish
no party a more damning record than such a
decision if I consulted merely my wishes as a
partisan, yet it would be such an outrage on
the rights of the people that I hope it may not
be consummated.
Sir, there are higher considerations, consid-
erations which concern the stability of our Gov-
ernment and the perpetuity of the represent-
ative system, its dissemination among the peo-
ple of Europe as well as those of America.
The people of the Old World are struggling
to free themselves from kingly and despotic
power, and to establish their own right of self-
government. Let us administer our Govern-
ment fairly; let us see that the ballot has its
due weight; let us see that the voice of the
majority, fairly and constitutionally expressed,
is respected, not only by the people, but by all
branches of the Government, which are only
the servants of the people.
I have said all that i desire to say on this
subject, and I yield the floor with great hope
that justice will be done in the decision of this
case.
Mr. BURDETT. I now yield ten minutes
to my colleague on the committee, the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson.]
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, I do not
expect to be ablein theten minutes allowed me
to go over much of this case; but I do propose to
notice very briefly points it presents. First, as
to the question of eligibility. I had not intended
to touch this question at ail, for. I do not deem
it material to the decision of the case; but as
the argument on behalf of the contestant seems
to rest mainly upon ify l shall notice it briefly.
In the first place, I suppose it is well under-
stood that'during the war it was almost impos-
sible for a prominent man to remain in the
State of Louisiana and continue true to the
Union without suffering in his person and his
property. Yet it is claimed that Mr. Ryan, a
leading lawyer and politician, a man of prop-
erty and influence, residing in Louisiana dur-
ing the war, was all the while an active, out-
spoken Union man, and yet was not molested.
If that is true we ought to mark his home as
a green spot in the South. But it is not true.
My friend from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,]
in his argument of this case, has displayed
more rhetoric and eloquence than knowledge
and understanding. In the first place, he says
but two witnesses attack the loyalty of Mr.
Ryan. I say there are half a dozen. There is
only one way to reconcile the testimony. We
are bound to do so if we can, and to believe
in the truth of the witnesses if we can. The
gentleman says we are sitting judicially. I
agree with him. It is a rule in every court
rather than find against the truth of a witness
to reconcile the testimony if possible. Here
are these unimpeached witnesses, some as re-
spectable as Mr. Ryan professes to.be. They
testify against Mr. Ryan's loyalty. I admit that
other men, credible witnesses, testify that he
was loyal. What is the result? We must come
to the conclusion that he furnished by his
conduct and his conversation evidence both of
loyalty and disloyalty: in other words, he
trimmied. He changed and shifted like the
veering wind. I think that I understand the
character of the gentleman, and the facts of
this case. I believe the truth to be that Mr.
Ryan deplored the war; that while he saw the
South would be conquered and he would lose
his property, especially his slaves, yet after
the war broke out he yielded enough to the
southern cause to save himself with the South,
but still held back sufficiently to save himself
in case of the triumph of the Union Army.
It is said that Demosthenes held pebbles in
his mouth while he exercised in elocution. This
gentleman was a splended illustration of the
character of the Irish. He seems to have
come from Ireland with a pebble from the
blarney-stone in his mouth, and this element
of his character is exhibited in the fact that
while he was canvassing his district, when in
the American part of it, he was introduced
by his friends to his proposed constituents as
"Mike Ryan;" but when in the French par-
ishes he was introduced as "Monsieur Michele
Iiienne." When he was in one kind of com-
pany he was one thing; but when in another
kind of company he was another thing. He
took both sides on occasion. But I am not
disposed to lay much stress on this question if
a man did not take up arms against the Gov-
ernment, and if he did not betray some public
trust. It was almost impossible that a man
should remain in the South during the war and
6ave his property without some exhibition of
disloyalty. I admit this gentleman was much
attached to his slaves. He had a very strong
attachment to them, and some of them were
attached to him; yet, when he gave them the
choice of remaining with him or going with
General Banks they went off with the General.
I suppose he trimmed to save his property.
I wish to allude to another argument of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,] in
order to show how little reliance can be placed
on his statements. He says this district lies
across the north end of Louisiana and stretches
one thousand miles in length by one hundred
miles wide. That would make one hundred
thousand square miles of territory. I sent to
the Library to know if such p thing were pos-
sible, and 1 learn from Mr. Spofford, who knows
everything, that Ohio has forty thousand square
miles, Indiana thirty-three thousand square
miles, and Louisiana forty-one thousand square
miles.
Mr. VOORHEES. Let me correct myself
a little.
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. VOORHEES. The remark I made about
the- extent of territory was suggested to me
while I was on my feet. The extent which I
gave the district is correct in following the
river; that is, if you will follow the river from
Baton Rouge to the Texas line.
Mr. STEVENSON. I know these rivers are
as crooked as a snake. By his calculation he
makes this district two and a half times as large
as the whole State of Louisiana. That is it
exactly. Now, the truth is that this district is
about two hundred and fifty miles long, and.
from fifty to one hundred miles wide. The
gentleman exaggerates. .
He also says—and here is another argument
which illustrates the gentleman's abundant
imagination—he says we Tetain Avoyelles and
West Feliciana in favor of Mr. Newsham, while
we throw out Sabine against Me. Ryan, on the
same ground. Now, the truth is that West
Feliciana and Avoyelles voted differently. The
one gave a majority for Mr. Ryaa, aad the other
for Mr. Newsham; and if you were to throw
oat both those parishes it would not affect the
case materially. The testimony cured the de-
fects in both those parishes, but it did not cure
the defects in Sabine.
[Here the.hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to have
five minutes more.
Mr. BURDETT. I yield to the gentleman
five minutes more.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman from
