4842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
Mr. POMEROY. No; "in any State."
Mr. SHERMAN. " la any State," That is,
twenty sections on each side—
are hereby in like manner, for that purpose, ex-
tended to andeonferredupon, and shallbeloag, under
liko restrictions, limitations, and conditions, to the
said Alabama and Chattanooga Railroad Company,
the Yioksburg andMeridianBailroad Company, and
the North Louisiana and Texas Kailroad Company,
respectively.
The Alabama and Chattanooga railroad, if
I understand the geography of that country, is
nearly completed; the Vicksburg and Meridian
railroad is pretty well under way; and the
North Louisiana and Texas railroad is under
way and nearly done. If so, this is an additional
grant of lands, to railroads already done, of
twenty sections to the mile. Is that the effect'
of it?
Mr. KELLOGG. No ; ten sections.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the object of
granting additional lands for railroads already
built?
Mr. KELLOGG. The North Louisiana is
not built; I hare stated the facts in regard to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why grant it to those
railroads that are being built? It is manifest
that, under these words, which I could not un-
derstand at first, there are grants to three rail-
roads, running in great distance through old
States, that have been built, additional grants
of ten sections to the mile, and I rather think
more. It is manifest that such an amendment
to a great bill like this, which has never been
submitted to a committee, ought not to prevail.
I have no objection to these railroad com-
panies combining, confederating, consolidating
in any way they choose, within the limits of their
present land grants, to build a railroad to Mar-
shall. I suppose there isno law to preventtlieir
doing that. The laws of the States through which
the roads pass allow it. There is no occasion,
then, for this legislation here. It seems to
me the only gist of this amendment is in this
clause, to give large land grants to railroads
nearly completed. I trust the Senator from
Kansas will not embarrass a bill of this kind
by opening such a question.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggested this amend-
ment at the instance of the Senator from
Louisiana. It was before the Committee on
Public Lands. The facts are that the lauds
already granted for these roads have been pat-
ented to the companies so far as the line is built;
but they can only get additional land on a little
section that is to be built. If Senators desire
to have the grant restricted to simply what
they may have had under existing law, there
will be no objection to that. All they want is
a connection.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no doubt about
the ability or purpose of these companies to
build the roads under the grants already given.
If the Senator simply wants the authority to
connect, that authority can be conferred in
three lines. Authority may begranted to these
railroad companies, naming them, to connect
with the railroad chartered by this bill at Mar-
shall ; that is all that is necessary. It is not
necessary to confer an additional land grant.
Mr. CARPENTER. For the purpose of
calling this matter distinctly to the attention of
the Senate, I move to amend this amendment
by striking out all after the word "interest,"
in the fifteenth line, and in lieu thereof insert-
ing:
And the said Alabama and Chattanooga. Kailroad
Company, by consolidation with the Vicksburg and
Meridian Railroad Company and the North Louisi-
ana and Texas llailroad Company, is hereby author-
ized to form a junction of their roads witli the road
01 the Texas Pacific Railroad Company at, Marshall,
in the State of Texas.
That is a clean grant of what I understand
they desire the power to do, to form a junction
at that point by consolidation with the other
roads, and does not carry any concealed land
grant.
Mr. HOWARD. Before the amendment
now proposed is read, let me make a sugges-
tion which will perhaps meet the views ot the
Senator from Wisconsin, and that is to add at
the end of the amendment offered by me the
following proviso :
But this act shall not bo construed to grant any
other lands to said last-named companies than have
horetoforo been granted to them respectively.
.Mr. CARPENTER. Why is it not better to
put in a precise section granting just the privi-
lege you mean to give, and not enact one which
grants every thing and then say it does not mean
what it says ? It seems to me the better way is
to put in a section here granting the power
which you want to give them, namely, the right
to consolidate and form a junction at Marshall.
Mr. HOWARD. I am not particular about
that.
Mr. CARPENTER. The other phraseology
covers land grants, and the proviso would be
practically declaring that it does not mean what
it says.
Mr. POMEROY. The grant of one of these
companies lapsed during the rebellion, and this
will allow them to have the land they were
originally entitled to.
Mr. HOWARD. This proviso would save
that grant.
Mr. CARPENTER. If on the merits of
their case the land grant ought to bo revived,
let us_ revive it; but let it be done by a bill
specifically for that purpose.
Mr. HOWARD. It seems to me that pro-
viso will answer every purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan moves to add the following
proviso:
Provided, That this act sluill not bo construed to
grant any other lands to said last-named companies
than have heretofore been granted to them respect-
ively.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that meets the
objection of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. That takes the life out of
it; then there will be no object in passing the
amendment at all.
Mr. POMFjROY. It allows them to con-
solidate and connect.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not simply give
them a connection ?
Mr. POMEROY. Some of them want an
extension of time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not say so?
Mr. POMEROY. This revives the grant;
that is all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator from
Michigan, who has charge of this important
bill, will not allow a thing so vague as this to
be put upon it, because it will create great
embarrassment.
Mr. HOWARD. What embarrassment does
the Senator from Ohio refer to?
Mr. SHERMAN. The language contained
in the last clause of the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Wisconsin withdraw his amend-
ment, in order to allow the Senator fro-m Mich-
igan to perfect the amendment he proposed?
Mr. CARPENTER. Very well; I withdraw
it for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan to the
amendment is the question before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Let that proviso be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That this act shall not be construed to
grant any other lands to said last-named three com-
panies than have heretofore been granted to them
respectively.
Mr. HOWARD. Then T will move, also, to
strike out the word " grant," in line sixteen.
Mr. CONKLING-. I should like to inquire
what is the objection to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Wisconsin, which
for a moment he has withdrawn? Will either
of the Senators be good enough to state what
the difficulty is with that amendment?
Mr. HOWARD. I understand the difficulty
to be this : one or more of these old companies
were once entitled to land grants, and it is
supposed that those grants have lapsed and
become revested in the United States. One
object of this amendment, is to revive those
grants so that the companies may avail them-
selves of them as they were originally made.
My amendment will secure that object, because
it recognizes those ancient grants and has the
effect t.0 renew them, while the amendmentof
the Senator from Wisconsin does not have that
effect.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any other pur-
pose, may I inquire, that the Senator wishes to
accomplish ?
Mr. HOWARD. None other that I am
aware of.
Mr. CONKLING. And I have heard none
other suggested, except by the Senator from
Kansas, who said, if I understood him aright,
that some extensions might be necessary
where a lapse had not occurred. Now, I am
opposed, us the Senator from Ohio is, to this
mode of legislation. We have seen very re-
cently in repeated instances the improvidence
of this way of doing things. Here is a grant
and a recitation of a variety of things in a spe-
cified case, and then, in conclusion, other com-
panies are referred to simply by name, with
no specification or limitation whatever, and
it is enacted that as to them the same things
in all regards, with quite a catalogue of words
to amplify it, shall obtain. That is upon the
principle that a foreman of a grand jury is
sworn in specified terms, and then every other
juror takes the same oath that he does. It is
very convenient for an informal purpose like
that, but very bad, I submit, for the purposes
of legislation.
If the object is, first, to revive grants thai
have lapsed, and, in the second place, to
extend specifically grants which have partly
lapsed, I submit to the honorable Senator that
nothing is easier than to say that in so many
words; but when you say that all rights, pow-
ers, privileges, and grants, bo the same more
or less, of any name or nature, enumerated or
not enumerated, dormant somewhere, lurking
iu some act which the committee do not have
in mind and which is not brought to the atten-
tion of the Senate now, " to which the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company is entitled in any
State, are in like manner extended to and con-
ferred upon, and shall belong, under like re-
strictions, limitations, and conditions, to the
said Alabama and Chattanooga Railroad Com-
pany," and also to these other companies
respectively, I submit that the provision is
one the meaning of which cannot be ascer-
tained at all except by rummaging through all
the places wherein those things may be found.
I hope that the Senator from Wisconsin will
renew his amendment, to the end that if it is
not broad enough to contain both of the ideas
these two Senators suggest it may be made so
broad as that, and that we shall not adopt, by
relation to acts which are not referred to, a
provision so broad and indefinite as this.
Mr. HOWARD. May I ask to have the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin
again read?
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment which was pro-
posed by the Senator from Wisconsin.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out the last clause of the amendment
submitted by Mr. Howard and in lieu thereof
to insert:
That the said Alabama and Chattanooga Railroad
Company, by consolidation with the Vicksburg and
Meridian llailro ad Companyand the NorthLouisiana
and Iexas Railroad Company, is hereby authorized
to iorm a junction of their roads with the road of
the Iexas Pacific Railroad Company at Marshall, in
the btate of Texas.
Mr. CARPENTER. I suggest that that
should take the place of the entire section
after the enacting clause. I did not notice the
former part of the section, but that amend-
ment ought really to stand as the sectiou. and
I offer it now in that form.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator, I have no
doubt, would be willing to add, uand for this
purpose may have the land grants heretofore
made and authorized by law."
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
