498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
association to degrade them; and if there were
other reasons against this bill, this reason, ap-
pealing to the sense of comity among States
and fairness among equals, would be sufficiently
cogent.
If we may make oaths and conditions limit-
ing the rights and liberties of the people of
Virginia, we may by parity of reasoning impose
such conditions on Ohio and New York. If,
Mr. Attorney General Hoar has counseled,
i cannot "impose requirements on States
r admission." whv should wg inmnaB thr-m
as
we
after admission," why should we impose them
before? It is equally degrading to the State
whether done one time or another. It is the
indignity which is the essential wrong.
It is not my purpose to discuss the question
of oaths or the system of disfranchisement in
the first fundamental condition of this bill.
I repudiate them all. Any other oath than tfhe
to the Constitutions, State and Federal, is too
much. It seems to be the particular object
of gentlemen in all this class of legislation
to make swearing so common as to make it
farcical, odious, and of no effect. During the
war and since, swearing, swearing, swearing,
is the key-note of Radical policy. There will
be some swearing done over this legislation not
setdown in this bill. [Laughter.] Oath-taking
has upon it the reproach of history. It never
cured the wounds of civil war; but the party in
power seem unconscious of this and all other
historic lessons. This perpetual oath-taking is
a form of proscription ; it is reprisal and pun-
ishment, and that, too, five years after these
wounds should have been healed.
_ Look at the effect of your oath-taking in Geor-
gia. According to a partisan account I have,
the Legislature is being organized on perjury.
That is the Radical account; and the President
is asked by General Terry, ''What shall be
done?" It resolves itself at last not into oath-
taking nor into the judgment of the Legislature
as to the qualifications of its own members,
but into military force, as all politics do which
are an affront to justice and right.
Nor is it my purpose to expose the incon-
sistencies of this bill. That has been done.
The absurdity of a State being out and yet
electing Senators, and then in for the approval
of the fifteenth amendment, is only paralleled
by another crotchet, that she may be in and
out for Senators at the same time.
It will be generally conceded that this bill is
partisan. It has also come to be conceded that
it will not aid the Republican party. The ac-
tion of Congress has been the great impediment
to the admission of the States and to the com- I
pletion of the Union circle. This bill, like the
Georgia^ bill, will unite all political elements
against lurther disunion! Are gentlemen aware
of the fruit of their recent planting in Georgia?
Are they sure of Radical ascendency there?
The leader of the opponents of the recon-
structed reconstruction measures which we
passed before the holidays is one Bryant. He
was a Radical from Maine, had been a captain
m our Army, a Radical member of the consti-
tutional convention of Georgia, and is driven
by force of the sentiment of his adopted State
to help bring Governor Bullock to theshambles.
Go on, gentlemen ! The reign of malice and
injustice is not eternal; nay, it is sometimes
marvelously brief. You will find if you pass
this bill that these events in Georgia will be
repeated in Virginia. That proud old State
has been cruelly crucified between two other
crosses-—negro suffrage and military rule ; but
it will willingly accept them both rather than
lose that equality and dignity—that " chastity
of honor''—without which to bo in the Union
is a stain worse than a wound. Opposing by
fair criticism the acts of the dominant party, I
could as a partisan rejoice in this measure. As
a friend of contented and united States I must
denounce it. The reasons which control my
vote are the reasons upon which thousands will
turn with disgust and sadness from the dila-
tory, hateful, and unstatesmanlike reconstruc-
tion acts, and the gross, inexcusable, and dan-
gerous perfidy of Congress.
This perfidy, I am happy to say, is not shared
by the executive department. The President
is further sighted than his friends here. He
urged prompt admission; his reasons were that
Virginia had done all that was required and
abstained from all doubtful authority. Who of
you •stand by the Administration? What a
disgrace have you already inflicted on the mes-
sage of your President by your action! It was
not enough to slight his wonderful economic
xecommendations as to the payment of the
legal-tenders; not enough to find that his early
Cuban sympathies have been repressed and
smothered by the dead, cold, pulseless policy
of the State -Department and the silence worse
than death here, only broken by the silver tones
of the member from the silver State of Nevada,
[Mr. Fitch;] not enough for his adherents to
slight his recommendations as to the prompt
repeal of the civil-tenure bill; but to these in-
dignities you have added the contumely of
crushing his ardors and breaking his hopes of
restoring Virginia! Who shall help an Ad-
ministration so impotent that it has to rely on
its opponents to aid the gallant band who rally
under the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] to vindicate a little fragment of his policy.
The history of this external State or tribu-
tary province of Virginia since 1865 is full of
instruction. The convention which adjourned
on the 17th of April, 1868, made an outrage-
ous instrument. It was so bad that even the
military governor denounced it3 odious oaths
and unrepublican proscriptions. In General
Schofield's opinion, it, left not enough of intel-
lectual force in Virginia to execute the laws or
hold the offices. The better part of the Repub-
lican party recoiled from its intolerant ineffi-
ciency. Even General Grant revolted. He
ordered the submission again of the obnoxious
parts of the constitution. They were rejected.
Virginia now appears here, and even knocks at
our doors with black knuckles. Sir, week after
week has gone; and old Virginia, quantum,
mutatus, under her new garb, faint with im-
portunate languishing, is turned away !
This concerns thepeople of otherStates. The
prosperity of Virginia is of interest in many
economic and other ways to all the States.
Congress has no right to deal with the people
of other States, thus interested in Virginia, in
this way. On behalfof thepeople of New York,
I protest. I hat protest is uttered in these words
by the Governor of New York, John T. Hoff-
man, in his recent message :
" I protest against the revolutionary course of Con-
gress with roferenco to amendments of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, by which, among their
other etlorts at centralization, they seek the abso-
lute control of election? in the States. Powerless
themselves to amend it by direct act, and unablo to
procure thcvoluntary consent of three fourths of the
States, thoy force the consent of the southern States
as a condition to representation, and thus override
and nullify the will of others whose proper relations
to the iederal trovcrnment have never been inter-
rupted, aud whom they cannot constrain.
I ro.test against the action of both Congress and
the President of tho United States in subjecting the
people of Georgia anew to military power, their State
government being m full operation and the restora-
tion of their constitutional relations with the Fed-
eral Government having been recognized by tho
1 cdei-al authorities as complete.
" I protest against the longer exclusion from rep-
resentation of any cf the States; if any one be ex-
eluded tbonghts of all areunsettled and theharmonv
of our (government is destroyed."
In our system of many States under one
Federal head there is no safety but in the
integrity of the^ several States. Our national
life is the life of the States, and as we preserve
each State we preserve all, and thus only pre-
serve the bond between them all. Governor
Hoffman speaks the unanimous voice of that
great State against the legislation here, for the
delay and destruction of State institutions and
existence.
My amendment strikes out the second sec-
tion. I would erase it,, first, because it destrovs
the integrity of the States; second, because it is
inoperative except for mischief; and third, be-
cause it is unrepublican in spirit if not in form.
It provides for the destruction of the future
autonomy of Virginia in matters where she has
full right under the Constitution to decide for
■herself. It says to Virginia, "You shall not
change your constitution so as to change the
present qualification for voting and office!"
This, too, before the fifteenth amendment has
been adopted as a part of the Constitution.
This plan would force, indirectly, the fifteenth
amendment on Virginia. It is a new way of
amending the Constitution, and is not the pre-
scribed mode.
Itsays further: " You Virginians shall come
in, but you must not change your present qual-
ifications for jurors, or your present beneficiaries
of the school fund. You must recognize this as
a fundamental, irrevocable condition forever!!'
True, it provides that Virginia may change
her constitution, if the alteration is equally ap-
plicable to all voters, as to the time and resi-
dence ; but as to the qualifications and as to
jury trial and schools, never! It thus makes by
congressional action a permanent code for Vir-
ginia in defiance of her present constitutional
right to regulate such matters for herself. Allow
me to illustrate. Suppose the people of Vir-
ginia in that future which will represent ad-
vanced ideasof education,thebasis of advanced
republican liberty, or better codes of jury trial,
the basis of equal justice, should be unanimously
of opinion that a change of her present system
should be made, do you suppose this clause will
bind them? Suppose you place upon the limbs
of Virginia every ligature which diabolical
ingenuity can invent, bind her hand and foot,
muzzle her mouth and blind her eyes, do you
suppose such a people are powerless ? Is there
nothing to be learned even from her own history
in that respect ?
It is no part of my purpose nor necessary to my
argument that I should inquire what these pres-
ent qualifications of votersand what these school
and jury systems are. I care not, for the present
argument, whether black or white are excluded
or admitted, either as to voting or schools;
whether, like_ Massachusetts, voting and office-
holding are limited by education or residence,
h'or all that I care, in this argument, Virginia
may refuse to admit to suffrage all who can
read or write, or she may limit it to those who
understand Boston transcendentalism or the
integral calculus. My argument is that her
statehood under the Constitution, which the bill
professes to revive, is impaired and destroved
in its essential life by this fundamental condi-
tion. _ Her statehood being thus maimed or
annihilated, all the States are in that regard
injured. Through these wounds upon Virginia
New York, California—ay, Massachusetts—is
stabbed.
Of course sucha fundamental condition is in-
operative and void, and never can be executed
except by a perversion of power. It is the very
s/stem of Utopia. Sir Thomas More made all
the Utopians conform to his preconceived idea
of a State. He made them uniform in all social
and political privileges ; and the satire of his
work consists in the absurdity of adapting to
divers conditions an inexorable and unchange-
able rule of conduct and duty. Xf th.o Supremo
Court ever has the courage to march up to its
convictions regardless of the frowns and storms
or Congress all such conditions will soon lose
their permanent and fundamental quality.
Such conditions are unrepublican in spirit.
It is not only foolishness to be tying down for all
the future the States of this Union by laws of
an irrepealable character, not onlv impro-
gressive and null, but it is the very essence of
despotism. Professing to make a republican
State, it enacts the changeless code of the
JHedes and Persians, the despotism of the an-
cient Orient.
V* lien theamendment abolishing slavery was
before this House in January, 18(55, I argued
tor the power to amend the Federal Constitu-
