187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1811
inventions of all parts of the world and for all
time; and there ought to be some means by
which somebody somewhere shall be able to
secure a fall, complete copy of this cyclopedia.
Now, I do not believe that in the United States,
outside of the Government itself, there is a
complete set of the Patent Office reports, since
their publication in 1844 to the present time,
iu the hands of any man or any association
whatever in any part of the country.
Mr. CAKE. I have such a set.
Mr. BANKS. Then the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is more fortunate than the Agri-
cultural Department of the Government.
Mr. CAKE. What I mean to say is, that
I have a complete set of the mechanical reports
except one volume.
Mr. BANKS. The exception, then, justifies
my statement. I speak of the Patent Office
reports, both the mechanical and agricultural.
The Commissioner of the agricultural bureau
told me that until very recently there has not
been a complete set of these reports in that
establishment, and that be had been able only
with great trouble and at very considerable
expense to make up the set which is now
found in that Department Of all the million
volumes that have been distributed I do not
believe that there is within the United States
in the hands of any private citizen, unless he
have some special Government advantages, a
complete set of this encyclopedia of inventions.
The chairman of the Committee on Printing
tells me that there is not in the Patent Office
itself, nor in the Library* of Congress even, a
complete set; and I do not believe that such
a set exists in any one of the one hundred and
four principal pnblic libraries of the United
States, which contain ten thousand volumes
and upward. Now, what a senseless practice
is the distribution of this work, at a cost of
$285,000 a year, when the value of it is greatly
impaired by the manner in which it is dis'
tributed.
Now, let me speak of another subject whioh
is, perhaps, of equal if not greater importance.
Invention is an inspiration. It may come to
one at one time and to another at another
time. Most great inventions have been acci-
dental. It is impossible to say that any indi-
vidual in the country will not prove a benefactor
to the world, or to the people among whom he
lives, by his inventions. It does not depend
on any particular gift or order of genius. It
is oftentimes, if not always, the result of genius
and accident combined. And this truth is
proven by the singular fact that inventions
run in cycles. They are greatly assimilated
in character during any given period of time.
I remember—I think it was in 1855 or in
1856-—that I had occasion to examine the list
of patents for that period; and I found that
of all the patents issued for inventions which
might be useful in war those which were issued
by the Government of the United States num-
bered only fifteen. The fact was that at that
time nobody wanted inventions of that kind.
The public mind was not running in that cur-
rent. The people were not fighting on that
line. But since 1861 I have no doubt that the
inventions for purposes incident to successful
war would number hundreds or thousands, or
perhaps tens of thousands. And this has been
because the publie mind has been turned in
that direction.
Now, if you distribute these specifications
and drawings, the scientific expositions of the
nature and characterof inventions, so that they
will be where the whole public may reach and
•tody them at any time; then when there is at
any moment a necessity for new mechanical
combinations and results of a particular char-
acter the attention not only of those who think
tney have the power to create such combina-
tions and to produce the required results, but
the thoughts of all classes of men will be turned
to that subject, and they will seek immediately
fhe general rejrasitorieS of this cyclopedia of
'nventiona to find from what has been done
what can be done, and then to discover by
comparison and experiment how it is to be
done. And I ask what man in the country is
now able to go to any library or other depos-
itory, public or private, and avail himself of
the indispensable advantages which this great
work alone can furnish him.
Mr. CAKE. May I ask, does this cyclope-
dia contain information equal to what is found
on the records of the Patent Office?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly; more and better
information, because it will be perfect. It is
superior in two ways.
Mr. CAKE. I cannot see it.
Mr. BANKS. Well, I will show you that it
is so. It will be superior, first, because each
! year's publication will be perfect in itself. It
' ia[now only a publication in part; it does not
| give all the information that is necessary to
comprehend a given subject. It will also be
| vastly superior because it will contain the whole
of the publications by the Government on this
| subject. The inventor will know not only what
, has been done during the last or present year,
but everything that has been done in former
years.
Now, sir, the great advance of this country
has been the result of our inventions. It may
be possible that we are superior in activity, in
energy, in industry, or in general intelligence
to the people of most countries, but the prog-
ress of the United States has been mainly due
to the great success of our inventions; and as
we develop the opportunities for multiplying
these inventions we develop a hundred or a
thousand times our capacity for progress and
* improvement by the increased power which
may result from the multiplication of useful
inventions.
By the proposed distribution of this cyclo-
pedia of inventions we put into the hands of
every young man in the country that which
may stimulate him to produce something to
carry into effect an idea with which accident
or genius may have inspired him; we place
within his reach the means and the power of
carying that idea into execution, and thus
i benefiting himself and his country.
Only a few months ago, in the city of Paw-
tucket, partly in Rhode Island and partly in
Massachusetts, I was shown a loom unlike any
other machine of the kind ever put into oper*
ation. Heretofore all looms have been con-
structed for the purpose of weaving cloths from
continuous threads, but they wanted one that
would weave a thread only twenty-five or thirty
inches in length. It was for the manufacture
of hair-cloth. It was something which had
never been proposed or carried into execution
before. There were, therefore, no inventors,
no experts, who had the specific information to
whom they could go for this purpose; but they
spoke to a young man in Pawtucket, a watch-
maker, who had been engaged, not in fabricat-
ing, but in repairing watches, and he said he
thought he could achieve- the desired result,
and he did it. It is the most cnrions, the most
ingenious, the most successful machine which
I have ever seen. A man can hardly look upon
it while it is in operation without feeling instinct-
ively and powerfully that the machine itself
is gifted with the capacity of thought; and this
machine was invented by a young man who
had never given any thought or study to such
matters, but whose attention being accident-
ally called to it by a friend, without any idea
thai he conld accomplish it, turned his atten-
tion to the work, and achieved one of the most
remarkable results of mechanical power.
And there are thousands and hundreds of
thousands, I might almost say millions of snch
men in this country, for almost everybody has
more or less inventive power; and to have
the natural repository of this knowledge of me-
chanical science, this cyclopedia of inventions,
within the reach of such a man, is of great
advantage to him, and of vast advantage to the
country. We shall thus by the establishment
of this system develop invention, and increase
the power of the inventive and productive in-
dustry of the nation, while at the same time we
relieve the country from the greatest abuse ever
imposed upon it, the unwise, wasteful, unsys-
tematic distribution of public documents. It
will enable us to reduce the rates of postage
for everybody, and to greatly multiply the ad-
vantages of a wise and economical system of
government.
Mr. CAKE. I desire to say that the remarks
of our distinguished friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] have been very entertaining, but
i have not at all operated against the publication
of the report under the existing law. The
House will observe that all thought of economy
is abandoned in this proposed change. I
have nothing more to say, however, npon that
subject.
1 desire now to offer an amendment which
the chairman of the Committee on Printing
declines to accept, and which I desire to have
a vote upon at the proper time. It is in line
twenty-two, after the word "drawings," to
insert the words " at a price not to exceed the
contract price for such drawings."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There has
already been inserted an amendment immedi-
ately after the word "drawings." The gen-
tleman had better move to insert his amend-
ment after the amendment which has been
adopted already.
1 Mr. CAKE. What is the amendment which
has already been adopted ?
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
! reported.
| The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Insert after the words " and the Commissioner of
Patents is hereby authorized and directed to have
printed such additional numbers of specifications
and drawings" the words "certified as hereinbefore
provided."
Mr. CAKE. I move to insert after the word
" provided," in the amendment just read, the
words "at a price not to exceed the contract
price of such drawings."
Mr. LAFLIN. 1 now call the previous
question.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw for a moment the call for the previous
question.
Mr. LAFLIN. Very well; I will do so.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Bhode
Island [Mr. Jencjkes] proposed that these
reports should be distributed to the principal
pnblic libraries. There are abont a hundred
libraries in the United States of ten thousand
volumes each. I think there should be some
limitation upon the libraries in reference to
the number of volumes they contain. I would
suggest that the limit be to libraries of ten
thousand volumes each, or say five thousand
volumes, which would probably double the
number.
Mr. JENCKES. There are a great many
mechanics' libraries that would be glad to take
them which do not consist of five thousand
volumes each.
Mr. BANKS. Very well; I will not pro-
pose any amendment.
Mr. HOAR. I would suggest an amendment
to the clause providing for the publication of
copies for sale. I would snggeBt the insertion
of the words "at cost" after the words " for
gaje f '
Mr. JENCKES. That iB the law now.
Mr. LAFLIN. I now call the previous
question on the joint resolution and pending
amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first amendment was the one moved by
Mr. Cake, to ingert the words " at a price not
to exceed the contract price for such drawings."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was one moved by Mr.
Jenckes, to insert after the words "for sale
as may be warranted by the actual demand for
the same" the following:
And the Commissioner is also hereby authorized
to furnish a complete set of such ipeoifioations and
