1870.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
4643
Mr. HARLAN. There may be an objection
to that.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Wis-
consin modifies his amendment to that extent.
Mr. CARPENTER. I will accept that modi-
fication. I think it is right that they should
have what grants they already possess.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to call attention for
one moment to the advisability of adopting
this amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin
instead of the original section, as proposed to
be modified by the Senator from Michigan.
Upon looking at the bill incorporating the
Texas Pacific Railroad Company I find that
the Texas Pacific Railroad Company is author-
ized to mortgage its lands, franchises, and
privileges, and as sufficient evidence of the
execution of that mortgage it is to be filed in
theofiiceof theSecretary of the Interior. Now,
if we adopt the section as originally proposed
■ we in effect authorize these three corporations,
created by three States, to mortgage their lands
and bring their mortgage here and file it in the
office of the Secretary of the Interior. There-
fore. as the object proposed to be accomplished
is simply a junction by a continuous line of
these three roads with the Texas Pacific Rail-
road, the amendment offered by the Senator
from Wisconsin is the most appropriate mode
of accomplishing that object.
Mr. HOWARD. I accept the amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin as a substitute
for my amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. There were some words
suggested that I think ought not, perhaps, to
go in. The original grants made in 1856 were
grants of laud to the States named. The States,
probably, have conferred their rights with cer-
tain conditions on these companies that have
been engaged in constructing the roads. Now,
this language, if it would have any effect what-
ever, would divest the State of all' control over
the grants, so far as they may not have been
executed, and coaler the title to the land, con-
ditionally, on these companies. I do not think
that ought to be done. We ought not to divest
the power of the State to control the applica-
tion of the land.
Mr. POMEROY. The State has already dis-
posed of the land to this very company, under
that old grant.
Mr. HAItLAN. In doing so, in all human
probability the States have conferred the lands
on the companies with certain conditions that
the States will require the companies to com-
ply with. I know this was so in the State of
Iowa in conferring grants made during the
same year for the same purposes. The grants
made to the State of Iowa in 1856 were trans-
ferred by the State to certain companies that
have been constructing the roads, but with cer-
tain conditions which the State requires the
companies to fulfill; and on failure to fulfill
those conditions prescribed by the State law
the title of the company is divested, and the
State assumes its control over the grant. That
in all human probability has been true in rela-
tion to these grants in the States referred to,
and it seems to me it would be much belter to
leave the control of these grants under the
Legislatures of the States, not to divest them
#nd confer the title to the lands directly in the
companies, and thus relieve them of any obliga-
tions they may have to fulfill the contracts they
may have made with the States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator move to strike out the last words in-
serted in the amendment by the Senator from
Michigan ?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. These roads will be com-
pleted before Congress meets. They are almost
done now.
Mr. HARLAN. If the companies are ful-
filling their contracts with the States it will do
no harm to leave the States full power over
them.
Mr. POMEROY. The way the amendment
is written the grants will be revived as form-
erly. It does not change the land grants.
Mr. HARLAN. This reads that the com-
pany shall be entitled. If you say "the States
shall be entitled to the grants " I have no ob-
jection.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that. It may as well be to the States, because
they have already given it to companies.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa
to strike out the words.
Mr. STEWART. I do not like that amend-
ment. I do not see anything in the suggestion
of the Senator from Iowa. These lands have
been granted to the companies by the States.
It never did anybody in the world any good to
require the companies to go to the State Legis-
latures and deal with them. It is better for
Congress to do it; which I think we are in the
habit of doing now. We ought to give these
roads an opportunity to connect. They aie
already designated ; they are on this line ; we
want to revive their grants so as to make the
communication. They are in the hands of live
men now and I do not see the necessity of
throwing any trammels in their way. That
amendment might involve a delay until next
winter. It seems to me «afe to revive the old
grants and let these road make their connec-
tion. There cannot be any harm in it.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to meet, so far
as the North Louisiana road is concerned, the
objection of the Senator from Iowa, and I
think 1 can by a simple reference to the act of
1856. That act made a grant of land " to the
State of Louisiana for the purpose of aiding
in the construction of a railroad from the Texas
line in the State of Louisiana, west of the town
of Greenwood, by Greenwood, Shreveport. and
Monroe, toapoint of the Mississippi river oppo-
site Vicksburg "—this line precisely. The grant
was to the State of Louisiana ; and the State of
Louisiana by solemn act of the Legislature
transferred the land in conformity with the act
of Congress to the North Louisiana and Texas
Railroad Company ; and it lapsed, as I stated,
because'of a condition contained in the act
making the grant that the road should be com-
pleted within ten years. So that there has been
an act of the Legislature which conferred the
land grant on that company. It is true the
grant has lapsed; but it seems to me that while
it'would require only a repetition of the act of
the Legislature, it would be superfluous to re-
quire the Legislature of Louisiana, which is not
likely to meet for some time, to vote the lands
that would accrue under this act to this com -
pany.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa to the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Wis-
consin proposes to modify the amendment so
that it will be unobjectionable.
Mr. CARPENTER. Now, if I can have the
attention of the Senator from Michigan I will
ask him to accept this instead of the other, for
the purpose of steering clear of the objection
which is raised by some Senators that Congress
has no power to enlarge the franchises and
privileges of a State corporation. To obviate
that I propose this instead ot the amendment
which 1 offered before :
That tho Texas Pacific Railroad Company, shall
consent to a junction of its road at Marshall, in the
State of Texas, with tho road of the Alabama and
Chattanooga Railroad Company, when conso ldated
with the Yicksburi? and Meridian Railroad Com-
pany and tlio North Louisiana mid Texas Railroad
Company, on application tor such leave by said
Alabama and Chattanooga Railroad Company, or
any company to be formed by such consolidation.
And said lash-named companies shall be entitled to
all land grants heretofore made to them.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
Mr. HARLAN. Having called attention to
the point I have raised, I shall say nothing
more on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Th-J ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan, as now modified.
Mr. WARNER. I understand this to be in
lien of the entire amendment proposed origin-
ally by the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WARNER. I want to state to the Sen-
ate the facts so far as regards the Alabama and
Chattanooga Railroad Company, If the Sen-
ate will give me their attention for a moment
I can give them the entire facts so far as
the land grant to that company is concerned.
That railroad extends from Chattanooga in the
State of Tennessee in asouthwesteriy direction
through t.be State of Alabama into the State
of Mississippi at Meridian, in If-,56 a grant,
of land of six; sections to the mile was made to
the State of Alabama to aid in building that
line of road. The condition of that grant was
that the road should be completed within ten
years. Consequently the grant lapsed in 18G(>.
Last year Congress renewed that grant of six
sections to the mile, and the company are in
full possession and enjoyment of that by the
action of the Alabama Legislature. Now, I
presume it is not intended by this section, as
offered by the Senator from Kansas, to increase
that land grant through the State of Alabama.
Mr. POMEROY. It does not increase it
now.
Mr. WARNER. If such were the intention
it certainly would not meet my favor, as I have
expressed to the persons connected with the
road. I am desirous that the road should have
authority, such as is conferred in the first part
of this section, to go and make their connection
with this Texas Pacific road; I deem that im-
portant ; but no action of Congress is now
needed to renew or confirm or in any way to
give to the Alabama and Chattanooga Railroad
Company the grant of land which was made in
1856. That grant has already been renewed
by act of Congress to the State, and the State
has designated that company as the recipient
of the grant. I should feel it my duty to op-
pose any further grant of lands through the
State of Alabama in aid of that road.
Mr. POMEROY. This does not propose
any such thing.
Mr. WARNER. I understand that is not
the intention, and, as amended, the proposition
does not increase the grant of lands through
the State of Alabama, but simply gives the
companies the power to go ou and consolidate
their roads and make a connection with the
Texas Pacific, which they ought to have.
Sir. HOWARD. How is it with regard to
the Vicksburg and Meridian Railroad Company
and tho North Louisiana and Texas Railroad
Company ; have the grants made to the States
for their benefit been also renewed?
Mr. WARNER. I will say in regard to
those roads that 1 am not informed. I only
speak of that road that passes through my own
State. As to the facts in regard to the other
roads I am not informed.
Mr. HOWARD. Then let me suggest that
the renewal of the grant ought to be changed
in the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin so as to apply to those two roads whose
names I last gave.
Mr. CONIiLING. Which two roads?
Mr. HOWARD. The Vicksburg and Merid-
ian, and the North Louisiana and Texas.
Mr. STEWART, It may do no harm.
Mr. WARNER. I suggest to the chairman
of the committee whether the original amend-
ment, as offered by the Senator from Kansas,
with the amendment made by him, striking out
the word "grants," in the sixteenth line, and
adding the proviso he suggested, is not only
unobjectionable, bat covers the poiat we desire
to reacli.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the amendment, as
mo'dified.
The amendment was agreed to.
