2756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
NAVIGATION OF UPPER MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, introduced a
bill (H. 11. No. 1810) appropriating money to
aid in the preservation and improvement, of the
navigation of the tipper Mississippi river; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee oil Commerce.
ABUATI DOLLY.
Sir. McGREW introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1820)for the relief of Abijab Dolly; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
TITLE TO LANES IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. TAFFE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1821) supplemental to an act entitled "An act
to confirm the title to certain lands in the State
of Nebraska ;" which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
SOUTHERN JUXNKSOTA RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. SPINK introduced a bili (II. XI. No.
1822) auihoriziiigthe-Soulhern MinnesotaRail-
road Company to connect its line with the
Northern Pacific taiiroad ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed,
OliDBU Or BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The call of Stales and
T"rritoiies for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been concluded, the
next business during the morning hour is the
call of States and Territories for the introduc-
tion of resolutions for consideration at this
time, beginning with the State of North Car-
olina, where the call rested at the expiration
of the morning hour on Monday last.
APPORTION.WKNT 0!? KKI'KHSEN'TATiVJJS.
Mr. .TONES, of North Carolina, introduced
a bill (II. U. No. 1823) to provide for the
apportionment of Representatives to Congrefs
among the several States; which was read a
first, and second time.
Mr. JONES, of North Carolina. I move
the previous question on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill wi<s read, it provides ill its first
section that from and after the 3d day of March,
1871, the House of Representatives shall be
composed of two hundred and seventy five
members, to be apportioned among the several
States in accordance with the provisions of
this act; provided that if, after such appor-
tionment shall have been made, any new
State shall be admitted mt.0 the Union, the
Repieseniative or Representatives of such new
State shall be additional to the number ol
two 'Hundred and seventy-five herein limited ;
and if the number of Representatives of any
State shall be reduced by such apportionment,
such reduction shall not take effect in theFor-
tj -Second Congress, but such State shall have
the same number of Repiesentatives in the
Forty-Second Congress to which it is by law
entitled in the Forty-First Congress, and any
Representative or Representatives which any
Stale may have in the Forty-Second Congress
in excess of the number fixed by such appor-
tionment shall be additional to the number of
two hundred and seventy - livfe herein limited ;
ntid if the representation of any State shall bo
increased by such apportionment, any addi-
tional Representative or Representatives of
such State in the Forty-Second Congress shall
be chosen by the Stale at large ; and all other
Representatives shall be chosen in the respect-
ive congressional districts now provided by
law in the several States.
The second section provides that after the
next enumeration of the inhabitants of the
Untied States shall have been completed ac-
cording to law. and before the 15'h day of
Aug.ist, 1870, ti.e Superintendent, of the Cen-
sus shall prepare and submit to the Secretary
01 the Interior a preliminary report of the il
results of such enumeration, embracing such
statistics as shall be necessary to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to perform the duties
in this act prescribed.
The third section provides that after the pre-
liminary report provided for in the foregoing
section shall have been submitted to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, he shall ascertain from
such preliminary report the basis of represent-
ation of each Stat.e and the aggregate basis of
representation of the United States; and he
shall ascertain the basis of representation of
the several congressional districts by dividing
the aggregate basis of representation of the
United States by the number275, rejecting any
fraction of a unit which may remain-, and he
shall ascertain the number of Representatives
to bo apportioned to each State by dividing
the basisof representation of such State by the
basis of representation of t-he several congres-
sional districts, rejecting any fraction of a anit
winch may remain ; and he shall apportion so
many additional Representatives to- the States
having the largest rejected fractions, one to
each, as shall make the whole number of Rep-
resentatives two hundred and seventy five.
The fourth section provides that the Secre-
tary of the interior shall, on or before the Kkh
day of September, 1870, prepare and transmit,
under the seal of his office, to the:Speaker
of the House of Representatives and to the
Governor of each of the States, a certified
statement of his proceedings under the provis-
ions of this act.
The fifth section provides that all acts and
parts of acts in conflict with the provisions of
this act are hereby repealed.
Mr. COX. 1 desire to make a parliamentary
inquiry. I would ask whether the Committee
on the Census is still in existence, and if so,
whether it would not be proper to refer this
bill to that committee?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on the
Census is still in existence, and even if it were
not, the reference of a bill to a select commit-
tee that has been in existence during a Con-
gress revives it pro tanto.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I rise to a point of
order, that if this were a resolution instead of
a bill it would be a joint resolution, and there-
fore could not come under this call.
The SPEAKER. A joint resolution, a bill,
or anything else that may be received under
the first call, may also be received under this
call; and a great deal may be done under this
call that may not be done under the first call.
, On seconding the previous question, there
were, on a division—ayes 01, noes 67.
Mr. J ONliS, of North Carolina, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Jones, of
North Carolina, and Mr. Cox were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 80, noes 07.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. KKLSEY. I move to lay the bill on
the table,; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 77, nays 00, not voting
G9 ; as follows :
YB AS—Messrs.Banks, Barnum. Beaman, B"nton,
Bird, (xooi^o >1. Brooks, .),*Biook,", B.ullhiton,
(Jake, Calkin. Cessna, Cowtes, Cox, Dawes Dickey,
Sheliinson, Dixon, Ela,, iHdridce, l1,crriss. LY-!ier,
Gaalield, Gibcon, GiiiVfoid, Hale, tltnii. IJolmau,
Hooper, llotchkiss, .leookes, Kelley, Kellogg, Kel-
sey, Kerr. Kuapp, L-un-enee, Lynch, McCounsck,
MoGtcw, Mercur. William -Muoro, Morgan,Dame! J.
Moriell, Samuel P. .Morrill, Muukcm, My or-:, W-jlr-y,
Niblack, O'Neill, Packer, Peters, Phelps, Poland,
Potter, Randall, Recc.-, Satilord, Sehenek, Schu-
maker, IScoiield, .Jolia A. rfir.itb, \S ol [lunaloa C,
Small, S tarku-ea'her, Stevens, Stevenson, Sfron^,
Tanner, Taylor, Twieheil, Van Trump, Vooihcei-,
Ward, William it. 'A';;-h'wrn, Wheeler, Wiliard,
Wood, and Woodward—77.
NA YiS—Messrs. Allison. Arnell, Asper, At wood,
Axtell. Ayer, Beatty, Deck, Benjamin. Bingham,
Bolej>. Booker. Boyi. Ba'-k, Buckley. Burchard, Cur-
dle! t,, Burr. Benjamin 1'. tin tlei. lloderiek K. Butler,
William T. Clark. S.dnry Clai ko, Amasa Cabb, Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Cob urn, Cook, Consor, Conner, Culloai,
Degener, Doe-kery. Box, Earnsworth, Ferry, Fink-
elnbare, fitch, , Harris, llawkms, Havfley, Hay,
Hays, Ilellin, Ili.il. Ho^e, IngersoU, Johnson, Alex-
nnder If. Jones. Thomas' L. Jones, Judd, Knott,
Iioean, Loufthrirtge, Marshall, Ma-ynard,' BloCrary,
MoKee, ItoKe,n7,1 e, M&Neely, Jesse H. Moore, Ortii,
Paino. Palmer,Piatt, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sa,rr
sent. Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel A". Sheldon, Shobcr,
J.oSeph S. Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth;
Stokes, Strader, Sweeney, Ta,ffo, Trimble, Tyner,
Upson,Van TJorn.Cadwalader O. Wasbburn.WoIker,
Wells, Whifmore, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson,
Wina.ns. and Winchester—90. - , - - ■
' NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, "Ames,
Archer, Armstrong, Bailey, Barry, Bennett, Bises,
Blair, Bowen, Churchill.'Cleveland, Covode, Oi-ebs,
Dayia, Donley, Duval,, Dyer, Fax", Getx, Criltillan,
Haisht, Haldeman, Itamblefcon. ilamiil, jfum'ilion,
Heaton, Julian, ICetcham.' Laflrn, Lash. Miiyhain,
McCarthy, Milnes, J'aiakun -Ji. Moore, Morphis,
Morr-.^sey, Packard, Peree, Porter, Bice, Xlid^way,
ltoeers. Porter Sheldon, SliSrrod, Sloeum. Miles,
Stone, -Sconghton. Strickland, Swann, Tillman,
Towr>send,yan Auken.Van'Wytfk, Wilkinson, John
T. Wilson, and Witch er—59;
So the House refuged' to lay the bill on the
table. !
During the roll-call, 1 "
Mr. WOODWARD, stated that Mr.- Gctz
was detained at home by private business ; if
present he would have voted "ay."
. The result of the vote having been announced,
the question recurred upon ordering the main
question.
The ma.in question was ordered; and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
ilr. KELSEY. I call for the reading of the
engrossed bill.
Mr. JUDD. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. PAINE. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. JUDD. I withdraw my-motion, as the
bill has been engrossed.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Kelsey] insist upon the read-
ing of the engrossed bill?
Mr. KELSEY. I insist on it.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think it had better bo
read. There are some portions of thebill which
I think nobody can understand.
Mr. HOLM AN. X rise to a point of order.
I submit that a bill cannot be engrossed until
it has been ordered to be engrossed by the
House.
The SPEAKER. That is a point of order
frequently raised, and the Speaker is always
unable to determine exactly the time required
to engross a bill. [Laughter.] It is not for
the Chair to rule upon that point.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit that the doing of
an official act before it is ordered to be done
is not in conformity with the rules of the
House.
The SPEAKER. Tf the gentleman objects
that Ihe bill is not correctly engrossed, that is
a legitimate point of order. As to the mere
clerical performance, how it is engrossed, that
is not a point of order for the Chair to rule on.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is not an engrossed bill.
The engrossed bill was then read the third
time.
Mr. JUDD. I move the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 74, noes 63.
Mr. WARD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Waud and
Mr. Jvdii were appointed.
^Tho House divided, and the teliets report-
ed—ayes 31, noes 72.
So the previous question was seconded.
'The main question was then ordered, being
on the passage of the bill.
-All'. KELSEY. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in t.he alfirtnutiv e—yeas 80, nays 81, not voting
50; asfollo'-vb:
\EAS—Messrs. Allison. Arnell, Arpcr, A^wood,
Axieil, Ayer. Barry, Bratty, IJeck, Benjamin, Bi.ig-
iiam, i3oles. Booker, Bovd, Busk. Uueklov. Bu.-ch-
ard, Burdett, Benjamin E. Butler, WiUiam X. Clark,
