46 44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 201
SOUTHERN PACIFIC KAILROAD.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. After the word1' Marshall,'' in the thirty-
fourth line, I move to strike out all the rest of
the section and to insert:
Atapoint tobeseleoted bysaid company; thenco
by the most direct and eligible route, to be determ-
ined by said company, to a pointon the Trinity river,
in Texas, to be selected by said company, near the
thirty-second parallel of north latitude ; thence by
tho most direct and eligible route to be selected by
said company, to a point at or near-El Paso, on the
Ilio Grande del Norte; thence by the mostdirectand
eligible route to bcselected by said company through
New Mexico and Arizona to a point on tho llio
Colorado at or nearthosoutheastern boundary of the
State of California, thence by tho most direct, and
eligible route to ship-channel in theBay of fcjim Diego,
California.
And be it further enacted, That the capitfil stock of
the Texas Pacific ltailroad Company shall be fixed
by tho board of directors, at their first meeting, at a
sum not exceeding $100,003,00!), in shares, (he iiico
value of which shall be $100; and when Ihe amount is
so fixed it shall never be increased oxcept by consent
of the Congress of (ho United States. Assessments
upon said stook shall only be made by a majority
vote of tho whole number of dircctois at a regular
meeting, which assessments shall bo paid at the
expiration of thirty days after a notice given in one
newspaper in each of tho cities of Washington, Phila-
delphia, New York, Now Orleans, and SanhYanciseo.
And be it farther enacted. That the persons named
in the first section of this act, or a majority of them,
shall causo books to be opened in (lie cities of Wash-
ington and New York within thirty days after the
passage of this act, notice thereof to be given in the
Washington Chroniclo and Now York Tribune, to
receive subscriptions to the capital stock of said Texas
Pacific Railway Company; and when ten thousand
shares of stock, amounting to $1,000,000. shall have
been subscribed and ten per cent, paid thereon,
then it shall be lawful for such subscriber1! or stock-
holders, or a majority thereof, to organistssaul com-
pany in accordance with t,lic provisions of this act,
and to elect not less than thirteen director', who
shall hold their offices for one year and until thoir
successors shall be elected and qualified; and tho
said directors shall immediately pioceed to elect a
president, vice president, secretary, and treasurer;
the president and vice president shall he directors.
At oil elections for directors each share of stock
shall be entitled to one vote, which may be given by
tho holder in person, or by proxy, who shall also ho
a shareholder. The directors shall hold; their offices
for any term not exceeding three years, as may bo
provided in the by-laws, and annual meetings of
stockholders shall take place as provided for m said
by-laws.
Mr. NYE. I wish to ask my colleague where
that diversion i?, whether the road is to have
two western ends by his amendment? Did I
understand the amendment aright, that there
was to be a diversion, and that one branch had
the right to go from the Colorado river at one
place, and then to San Diego from another
point?
Mr. STEWART. No.
Mr. SHERMAN". It names a particular bay
in San Diego. How can we tell that?
Mr. NYE. There is but one bay at San
Diego, I suppose. It is the harbor of San
Diego. I was looking at the provision as to
where it strikes the Colorado river.
Mr. RICE. I desire 
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator from Arkansas
allow me to ascertain, if the Secretary will
report the amendment again, whether it men-
tions the Colorado river? I want to know
what it says about that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That portiou
of the amendment will be again reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. NYE. I ask my colleague whether it
does not go north of the thirty-second degree
of latitude?
Mr. STEWART. No; it follows right on.
Mr. NYE, You must be north of it at the
Rio Colorado, two or three degrees north of
the thirty-second parallel. I am willing this
bill should pass, and want it to pass, but I do
not want it to head off the Atlantic and Pacific
railroad there, and I do not intend that it shall.
Mr. STEWART. No. _
Mr. COLE. San Diego is north of tho thirty-
second parallel.
Mr. NYE. Certainly ; that runs clear up to
the thirty-fifth parallel.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no.
Mr. NYE. I know it does.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
fromNevadahas notyetesplaihed and set forth
the necessity or propriety of the amendment
which he has offered. I do not understand the
object of it._ I can only say that this bill was
under consideration iti the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad for a very long lime, and
every provision and every clause of it was very
carefully considered by the committee, Con-
sisting of eleven members, as We know. I hope
this amendment will not be adopted. I do nob
perceive what the object of it can be. I hope
the honorable Senator from Nevada will ox-
plain why it is that he, a member of thateom-
mitt.ee, undertakes now to mutilate the work
of the committee itself in this way.
Mr. STEWART. I do not propose to muti-
late it at all. Several persons who have been
working on this matter regard my proposition
as a sort of compromise. I will first reply to
my colleague that this amendment which 1
have offered docs not allow tho company to go
any further north than is proposed by the o-ther
bills.
Mr. NYE. Then just put in a provision that
this bill shall in no way interfere with any of
the rights or franchises of the Atlantic and
Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. STEWART. This does not interfere
with that at all.
Mr. NYE. Rut the point you name on the
Colorado river takes this road up to the thirty-
fifth parallel.
Mr. STEWART. No, I beg pardon. If my
colleague will let me read it he will under-
stand it, better:
And to a point on the Colorado river at or near the
southeastern boundary of tile State of California.
The southeastern boundary of the State of
California is on the Colorado livur, and that
gets down as near Mexico as you can get.
Mr. RICE. Is not that the same point, of
crossing the river Colorado that is in the
original Senale bill? I think it is.
Mr. STEWART. The same point ; and the
•same point is in all the bills as to Ihe thirty-
second parallel roatl.
Mr. NYE. Then 1 movelo amend by insert-
ing ''that nothing in this franchise shall be
considered to interfere with tho rights of the
Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company under
their charter."
Mr, STEWART. Certainly ; put that in if
it has any pertinence.
Mr. NYE. Then put it in right off.
Mr. STEWART. What pertinency has it?
Mr. NYE. It has this pertinency; yuii take
from them the very route they propose to run
on.
Mr. STEWART. I undertake to say that
there is no possibility of this road going up to
the thirty-fifth parallel, it is at this point at
least three hundred miles from the thirty-fifth
parallel.
Mr. NYE. I do not want (his diseussio'n,
and my colleague docs not, I know, .lust l«t
him accept my amendment. If lie is right it
does not do any hurt. If I am wrong it does
not do any hurt.
Mr. STEWART. Take any language you
please ; it does not make it more definite,
Mr. NYE. I will take my chances on that.
Mr. STEWART. I should not want to imply
that it was going anywhere near tlicthhty fifth
parallel. This point on the southeast eornei
of the State of California is a little above th>*
thirty-second, but between that and the thirly-
third parallel, where all the thirty-second par-
allel routes propose to go. I believe the point
is Fort Zuma ; is it not?
Mr. NYE. I profess not to be very intimate
with it, but [ know where you cross tho Colo-
rado river you have got to go a good way above
the thirty-second parallel of latitude. Now, I
have no objection to this franchise, but I do not
want it to interfere with one which existed
before this was born.
Mr. STEWART. If my colleague will slate
What he thinks Will protect them, I have no
objection.
Mr. NYE. Put in a provision there that, ;
nothing in this section or in this act shall be
oohStrued to interfere with the rights acquired ;
under the charter of the Atlantic and Pacific*
railroad, and that will satisfy me.
Mr. STEWART. Very well, if that' will
satisfy you.
Mr. NYE. Then put it m.
Mr. STEWART. Let that be put at the end
of this amendment: "Provided, that nothing
in this bill shall in any way be construed to
affect the rights"—how will my colleague word
it?
Mr. NYE. That it shall not be construed
to affect, any thing heretofore granted by law
to the Atlantic and Paeific railroad.
Mi-. STEWART. 1 ask the Clerk to pre-
pare a proviso, to be added at the end of this
section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada proposes to taodify his amend-
ment by adding to it the proviso which will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
bo construed to interfere with the rights heretofore
granted by law to tho Atlantic and Pacific ltailroad
Company.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSehator
from Nevada modifies his amendment, as he has
tho right to do, by inserting that proviso. The
question now is on theamendment as modified.
Mr. SCOTT. I rise to .join in the inquiry
made by tho chairman of the committee of the
Senator from Nevada as to the purpose of
offering tliisamendment in lieu of the substance
of a very carefully considered section, and
especially I wish an answer to the inquiry
whether the oifiission of the gauge, which is faxed
by this section of tliis bill at four feet eight and
one half inches for the continuous line, is in-
tended to prevent a connection with it of the
numerous northern roads which are now built
with that gauge? The amendment which the
Senator has offered omits the gauge of the
road, but it is fixed in the amendment which
was leported by the committee.
Mr. STEWART. I will answer that this is
expressly intended to make it correspond with
the gauge of the southern system of roads,
which is a five-feet, gauge.
Mr. KELLOGG. Every road in tho South
has that gauge.
Mr. STEWART. Every road in the South
is in that situation ; and as this is to be a
southern road, it must have connection with
them. That was one portion of the amend-
ment. I did not prepare this amendment
originally. It was prepared by the Senator
from Arkansas, [Mr. Rice,] and, as I under-
stood, the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Kel-
logg,] on consultation with the railroad men
who were connected with it. Of course there
is this conflict between the northern system
and the southern system of roads; but this
road should be allowed to make a gauge so
as to connect with the southern roads in the
first instance.
Mr. SCOTT. Then the effect would be to
build a continuous line from Marshall, Texas,''
to San Diego, and prevent every road which is
built along the thirty-fifth parallel, and every
road which may be extended from the thirty-
fifth parallel down to the thirty-second parallel,
from a connection with that transcontinental
railroad.
Mr. STEWART. If we should confine to
the northern system of gauge, it would prohibit
ail the southern roads from connecting with it.
I If. seems to me that the gauge ought to be such
j a one as will enable this road to connect with
the southern' system of roads.
Mr. SCOTT. But the Senator is awaro that
the Kansas Pacific and the Union Pacific are
already fixed at the gauge of four feet eight
and a half inches, so that it would seem to be
