1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5589
Cct.f-tiiiuii)!!: and the President should exer-
iIh- power given to him by the Constitu-
ti.jn mid :ihk no help from any other body of
~i!>*n in I his html. 1 hold that a, treaty requiring
;j!)iii-} to be |.aid hy the Uuited States is an
apjimpi nit ion of that money by the authority
u! Iniv under the Constitution.
Sir, first take a supposed case. Suppose
that in a treaty with Great Britain to-day it
should lie thus written: "the United States
a^'fe that out, of any money in the Treasury
of tiie United States not otherwise appropri-
ated there shall be appropriated and paid to
Great Lh-iram the sum of §100,000." There
would he the direct language of appropriation;
and being" the supreme law of the land, it
could not, be questioned that in pursuance of
that direct language of appropriation in a
supicme law the money might be taken out of
the Treasury and paid to Great Britain with-
out the sanction of ail act of Congress being
needed.
But, sir, I am satisfied that upon any fair
view of the Constitution no such language is
necessary in any treaty to authorize such
payment, but that the treaty itself, requiring
merely the payment of the money, is ex vi
termini an appropriation of the money, though
the express words of appropriation be not
used. What is an appropriation of money?
As I read just now, the Constitution says
that "no money shall be drawn from the Treas-
ury but in consequence of appropriations
made by la#." What is the meaning of "ap-
propriations" there? It does not mean that
there shall be set aside by law a particular
bundle of notes in the Treasury to be paid here,
or a particular bag of gold to be paid Jjiere.
It does not mean that. It has no such re-
stricted meaning. It means only that author-
ity must he given by law to pay this, that, or
the other sum of money out of the Treasury
for this, that, or the other purpose. That is
all it means. I look in the dictionary for the
word "appropriation," and I find that Web-
ster defines itto be "theactof setting apart or
assigning to a particular use or person in
exclusion of all others; application to a special
use or purpose, as of a piece of ground, for a
park, of a right to one's self, of words to ideas,
or of money to carry out some public object."
It is the application of a particular sum of
money to a particular purpose, or an author-
ity of law given to make such application. It
goes not beyond that point. You pass your
appropriation bills here, appropriating millions
and hundreds of millions, not one word of
which is arranged in reference to any specific
piece of money in the Treasury. Every appro-
priation bill you pass is but tho authority to
take so much money out of the Treasury.
" No money shall be drawn from the Treasury
but in consequence of appropriations made by
law" says the Constitution; and an appropri-
ation by law is nothing but the bestowment
of lawful authority to draw a given amount of
money out of the Treasury.
Now, if a treaty declares that the Govern-
ment shall pay to the contracting power or
party so much money, that treaty is supreme
law, and is to be held, under the Constitution,
capable of executing itself or being executed
by the executive officer of the Government;
and when it requires payment the requirement
is absolute, not dependent upon the action of
another party. It requires payment of money
that can be got no way but by drawing it from
the Treasury ; and when it requires it to be
paid, and it can be got in uo other way than
by drawing it from the Treasury, it authorizes
it to be drawn thence; and that is the whole
office and scope and effect of an appropriation
of money by law.
On these grounds, Mr. President, I hold, as
I stated in the outset, that we stand in no need
of an act. of Congress to draw money from the
Treasury to fulfill treaty stipulations, but that
the treaty, by its own force as supreme law,
appropriates it and authorizes it to be drawn.
For these reasons I do not propose to yield
to the extraordinary, unprecedented, new-fan-
gled, and utterly indefensible position taken
by the House of Representatives. If that body
chooses to disregard and defy the treaty law
of the nation, which, next to the Constitution,
is the highest law known to us, being above
and beyond the reach of the legislative power,
let it proceed and then the makers of the treaty
law will see to the execution of that law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment  
Mr. POMEROY. The question is on the
amendment to the amendment submitted by
the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. The exact form of it, I
suppose, ought to be to strike out all after tho
enacting clause and insert.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment oft'ered by the Sen-
ator from Iowa to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Chair state what the
amendment is ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is to
substitute for the amendment of the committee
substantially the Indian appropriation bill as it
passed the Senate some time ago.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to—ayes twenty-two, noes not counted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. Let me inquire, does not the
bill as it came from the House of Represent-
atives stand there? This has not been substi-
tuted for that, if I understand the position
correctly.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes; the motion was to strike
out all after the enacting clause and insert.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The last
vote did that.
Mr. DRAKE. Was the amendment of the
committee to that effect? I only want to have
it right.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment of the committee was amended on the
motion of the Senator from Iowa, and as
amended it has been adopted.
Mr. DRAKE. What I wish to know is
whether that goes in as a substitute for tho
House bill; whether it has been put in in that
way ?
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Ithasbeen.
Mr. DRAKE. If it has been I have nothing
to say.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read: "A
bill making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30,
1871."
CHARLES C. UPIIAM.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 211, and I wish to say that I have
two or three little House bills from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. The committee has
occupied no time this session, and I ask for
ten minutes to pass a few bills.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. li. No. 211)
for the settlement of the accounts of Charles
C. Uphara, late paymaster in the Navy, de-
ceased, which proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Navy to cause the accounts of Charles
C, Upham, late paymaster in the Navy, de-
ceased, to be settled and adjusted upon just
and equitable principles.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, aud passed.
GEORGE SEWELL AND WILLIAM K. SHOCK.
Mr. CRAGIN. Now I move to take up
House joint resolution No. 291.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 291) for the relief of
chief engineers George Sewell and William H.
Shock ol the Navy, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that the ser-
vice of George Sewell and William H. Shock,
as chief engineers of the United States Navy,
shall be considered as having commenced at
the same date as that of Samuel Archbold,
with whom they were examined as first assist-
ant engineers, and passed for promotion to the
grade of chief engineer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs reported the joint res-
olution with an amendment.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs authorize me to withdraw the amend-
ment, so as to let the resolution stand as the
House passed it.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, road the third time, and passed.
DOMINICK LYNCH.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move now to take up
House joint resolution (H. R. No. 80) for the
restoration of Captain Dominick Lynch, of the
United States Navy, to the active list from the
reserved list.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution, which is an au-
thority to the President of the United States
to nominate, and by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint Captain
Dominick Lynch to the active list of the Navy,
with like effect as if he had been restored
under the provisions of the act approved the
16th day of January, 1857, entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to promote the
efficiency of the Navy.' "
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported
the joint resolution with an amendment, to
strike out the words :
"With like ellcct as if the said Captain Dominick
Lynch had been restored under the provisions of the
act approved the 16th day of January. 1857, entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled' An act to pro-
mote the efficiency of the Nayy.'"
And to insert "as a captain;" so that if
amended the joint resolution will read:
That the President of the United States of America
be authorized to nominate, and by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint Cap-
tain Dominick Lynch to the active list of the Jfavy,
as a captain.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The amendment was ordered to be
engrossed, and the joint resolution to be read
a third time. The joint resolution was read
the third time, and passed.
GEORGE M. SMITII.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 123.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 123) allowing late Act-
ing Ensign George M. Smith a share in certain
prizes captured by the United States steamer
Aries was considered as in Committee of tho
Whole. It directs that late Acting Ensign
George M. Smith, of the United States steamer
Aries, who was captured January 7-, 1864, on
the coast of South Carolina, in the discharge
of his duties while belonging to that vessel,
shall be entitled to receive his share of all
prizes captured by that vessel during the time
of his imprisonment; that his name shall be
considered as being borne upon the ship's
books the same as though he had been tem-
porarily absent.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
