2758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
on Thursday night!" He had something kind
and friendly and flattering to say to every sol-
dier as he passed along the line, and as that
was the only sentence I ever heard him utter,
and the only time I ever took him by the hand,
I shall not easily forget it.
Mr. Speaker, I am prompted to say this
much by a memorial forwarded to Congress by
the survivors of that advanced band, which I
wish to have read by the Clerk, and then I
propose to offer a resolution for reference.
The Clerk read as follows:
Gentlemen: The history of the arrival of five
Pennsylvania volunteer companies in Washington
on tho 18th of April, 1861. in response to the first
proclamation of President Lincoln for troops to
meet the swift on-coming surges of armed treason,
and of the manner in which thatlittle force assisted
for ten days thereafter to hold Washington at a
most trying and critical period is familiar to you,
especially to Hon. Siiiox Cameron, who, as Secre-
tary of War, was brought in direct contact with those
troops, and is aware of the service they rendered.
It has been suggested that Congress might prop-
erly take cognizance of that service beyond the res-
olution of thanks adopted in July, 18G1, by the pre-
sentation to each man who participated in that
movement of a testimonial which he can wear with
honor during his lifetime, and at his death hand
down with pride to his children, to be kept in the
family as an heir-loom.
Oil behalf of those companies, now partially or-
ganized into a fraternal association named First
Defenders of the National Capital, we respectfully
a>-k you to bring this matter before Congress and to
use your influence to secure its favorable consider-
ation.
We are, gentlemen, your obedient servants,
K. McDONALD,
Late Captain Commanding Pottsville
National Light Infantry.-
t james wren,
Late Captain Commanding
Pottsvillc Waxliinatan Artillery.
jambs Mcknight,
Late Caxjtain Commanding
Heading Ringgold Artillery.
j. b. selheimer,
Late Captain Commanding
Lewistoton Logan Guard.
s. gaebel,
Late Lieutenant Commanding
Allentown Allen Infantry.
To Senators Cameron and Scott and Representa-
tives Cake, Slocum, and Getz.
Mr. CAKE. And now, sir, trusting that a
suitable medal will be awarded these men,
something of moderate pecuniary value, the
intrinsic value of which shall consist in the
recognition of the fact that of all the million
patriotic soldiers who fought for their coun-
try they were the first to hurry forward and
arrive when danger threatened, I ask leave to
offer the following resolution for reference to
the Committee on Military Affairs:
Rexolved, by the Howe, (the Semite concurring,)
That a suitable modal be ordered for each member
of the battalion first to arrive at Washington from
Pennsylvania, on the 18th of April, 18U1.
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentleman
has expired, and one minute more.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a point of
order. As a historical reminiscence the re-
marks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cake] would have been very interesting ;
but the point of order I make is whether they
can properly be called a personal explanation.
Mr. CAKE. I move that the memorial and
accompanying resolution be printed and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope we shall have a
report from that committee as to whether the
claim which tho gentleman makes for these
troops is correct.
Mr. CAKE. Certainly. Let that be inquired
into.
Mr. HILL. I hope that the first New Jersey
brigade will be included in the resolution. They
were among the first to arrive in Washington.
The memorial and accompanying resolution
were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. BUTLELl, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a parliamentary inquiry. Is it in order to refer
to the Committee on Military Affairs an inquiry
as to the movements of men who had not a gun
in their hands?
The SPEAKER. That is a point which the
Chair does not feel competent to rule upon.
Mr. CAKE. The Committee on Military
Affairs will doubtless examine and report as
to the facts.
Mr. SCHENCK. Ipresume these men whom
the gentleman from Pennsylvania has been
eulogizing are not those who left the battle-field
for their homes on the eveningbefore the battle
of Bull Run?
Mr. CAKE. The gentleman cannot say that
my regiment was included in that category.
Three companies of the Pennsylvania soldiers
I refer to (the twenty-fifth regiment) were gar-
risoning Fort Washington, two companies the
arsenal in Washington, and one battalion was
on duty with Patterson's column when the
battle of Bull Run was fought.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a point of order.
I desire to have a decision of the Chair as to
the latitude which may be indulged in when
a gentleman has obtained the consent of the
House for a personal explanation?
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman should
have made his point of order before the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania took his seat. The
question is not no w before the House. But the
Chair begs to say that when a gentleman hav-
ing obtained the floor for the purpose of a per-
sonal explanation indulges in the discussion
of matters not personal to himself the Chair,
if the point of order be raised, will be com-
pelled to sustain the point.
leave of absence.
Mr. McCARTHY obtained leave of absence
for three days.
Mr. PORTER obtained leave of absence for
five days.
Mr. MILNES obtained leave of absence for
four days.
Mr. BOLES obtained indefinite leave of
absence on account of sickness in his family.
Mr. STOUGHTONobtainedadditionalleave
of absence for one week.
Mr. BANKS. I ask leave of absence for
one week in consequence of Mr. Burlingame's
funeral.
Leave was granted.
tariff mix.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before submitting the mo-
tion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
special order I move that the committee, at
half past four o'clock p. m., take a recess till
half past seven o'clock p. m.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole upon the special
order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (II. R. No. 1068) to amend exist-
ing laws relating to the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
pending paragraph as it has been amended by
the Committee of the Whole.
The Clerk read as follows:
On yarns single, of flax or hemp, or of the tow of
flax or hemp, or of jute, grass, or fiber, and on all
manufactures of flax, jute, hemp, cocoanut fiber, or
like vegetable materials not otherwise provided for,
40 per cent, ad valorem.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Twtchell,] on which tell-
ers had been ordered. The amendment will
be read:
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out the words "on yarns single, of flax or
hemp, or of the tow of flax or hemp, or of jute, grass,
or fiber," and insert in lieu thereof the tollovving:
"on yarns single, of line flax, hemp, or jute, 40 per
cent, ad valorem; of the tow of flax, hemp, or jute,
or of grass or fiber, 30 per cent, ad valorem."
Mr. TWICIIELL. Mr. Chairman, when I
moved this amendment the other day 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman had
exhausted his five minutes, and tellers had
been ordered on the amendment.
Mr. TWICHELL. 1 withdraw my amend-
ment, and move to amend by striking out the
word '•jute" wherever it occurs in the para-
graph. This will leave the duty on jute pre-
cisely where it is at present. This is an arti-
cle which is not raised in this country, anddoes
not come into competition to any extent with
any domestic product. It is used in the man-
ufacture of certain kinds of carpet; The duty
has already been advanced from 25 to 40 per
cent.; there is no good reason for a further
advance. I have not met any person know-
ing anything about this matter who does not
think the duty should remain where it is or be
reduced to 25 per cent. Therefore I propose,
Mr. Chairman, to leave it where it is, by strik-
ing out of lines three hundred and six and three
hundred and seven simply1 ;jute,'' leaving every-
thing else just as it now is.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I simply
desire to say the object of that is- manifest.
We have been endeavoring to give some pro-
tection adequate to its want to the flax fiber, the
tow of the country. The article which comes
mostly into competition with it, as every one
has learned from the debate a few days ago, is
this jute, which the gentleman now proposes to
strike from the present paragraph under con-
sideration. We have taken up all the various
articles that go to the making of the coarse
yarns used for carpetings and other purposes
of that kind, and make up the manufacture of
these various articles, and put them all at 40
per cent. They stand now at various rates—25
per cent., 35 per cent., 40 per cent., and 5
cents a pound. The committee supposed the
best was to simplify them and to put them all
at a fair percentage, and we supposed if pro-
tection is to be afforded to this western interest,
the flax and tow interest, it ought to be ex-
tended in the shape of putting an equal tariff
on other commodities which more than any-
thing else come into competition with this
western interest. That is the question really
before the House.
Mr. TWICHELL. It leaves it precisely
where it now is, at 25 per cent. I hope the
gentleman from Ohio will not oppose the
adoption of my amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 14, noes 16; no quorum voting.
The Chairman, under the rule, ordered tell-
ers; and appointed Mr. Twichell and Mr.
Cessxa.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 49, noes 37 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under therule, noquorum
voting, caused the roll to be called; and the
following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames, Archer, Arm-
strong. Arnell. Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Beaman, Ben-
nett, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Blair, Boles, Bowen,
Boyd, Buck, Burr, Calkin, Churchill, William T.
Clark, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Covode, Cowles,
Crebs, Davis, Degener, Donley. Duval. Dyer, Ela,
Eldridge, Fmkelnburg, Fox, Getz, Haight, Halde-
man, Hamilton, Hariis, Hay, Heaton, Hotchkiss,
Alexander II. Jones, Julian, ICetcham, Laflin, Lash,
Logan, Loughbrige, McCarthy, McCormiek, Mc-
Ciary, Mcliee, McNeely, Milnes, EliakimH. Moore,
Morpliis, Morrissey, Packard, Rice, Ridgway, Ro-
gers, behumaker, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Slocum,
Joseph S. Smith, Stevenson, Stiles, Stone, Stough ton,
Strickland, S\yann, Townsend, Van Auken, Van
Trump, Van Wyck, Wilkinson, and JohnT. Wilson.
The committee then rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, according to order of the
House, had had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly the
bill (H. II. No. 1068) to amend existing laws
relating to the duty on imports, and for other
purposes, and finding itself without a quorum
he had caused the roll to be called, and now
reported the names of the absentees to the
House, to be entered upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and forty-
two members have answered to their names,
