5590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
charles stbedmatf.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
2248.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 2248) for the relief of Charles Steed-
man, commodore United States Navy, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
authorizes^ the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury, in adjusting the accounts of Commo-
dore Charles Steedman, of the United States
Navy, for disbursements as paymaster in com-
mand of the United States brig Dolphin, to
allow and credit him the sum of $704 41, the
amount of debit items from errors which
occurred without fault or neglect on his part.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. CRAGIN. I have one more bill upon
which I desire the action of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to inquirewhether
we are just calling up bills and passing them
as fast as they can be read?
Mr. CRAGIN. These are a few bills of
the House that the Naval Committee have
reported 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have quite a number
of bills here that ought to be considered, from
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it would be bet-
ter to adjourn until nine o'clock to-morrow
morning. I do not see any good in staying
here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Chair
what is the hour of meeting in the morning ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Nine
o'clock.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
improvement in scales.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 desire to ask the Senator
who made that motion to allow me a moment.
The Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,]
who is sick, desired me, if I possibly could, to
get a little patent bill passed. It is all right.
I report from the Committee on Patents, and
ask its immediate consideration, the bill (H.
R. No. 1781) for the relief of Francis M. Strong
and Thomas Ross.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Very well.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It grants to Francis M. Strong and
Thomas Ross leave to make application to the
Commissioner of Patents for the extension of
the letters-patent issued to them for improve-
ment in platform scales for the term of four-
teen years from the lGth day of January, 1856,
in the same manner as if the petition for an
extension had been filed at least ninety days
before the expiration of the patent, and the
Commissioner is to consider and determine the
application in the same manner as if it had
been filed ninety days before the expiration of
the patent.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
executive business.
Mr. TITAYER. I move to procced to the
consideration of House joint resolution No.
343.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SPRAGUE. T submit a motion that
the Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion ot the Senator from Rhode
Island, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 20, noes 17.
Mr'. STEWART calledfor the yeas and nays;
and they wei*e ordered, ;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the
assent of the Senator from Rhode Island, the
Chair will lay before the Senate the action of
the House of Representatives on an amend-
ment of the Senate to a bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Certainly.
sciioonbr l. s. datls.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the action of the House of Repre-
sentatives on the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (II. R. No. 2209) to carry into effect
a decree of the circuit court of the United
States for the southern district of New York in
the case of the schooner L. S. Davis and her
cargo, the House having disagreed to the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move that the Sen-
ate recede from its amendment to the bill. The
amendment reduced the amount about two
thousand dollars on the supposition that the
bill was wrong, a part of this claim being for
salvage ; but on examining the decree I believe
everybody is satisfied that it is right and should
pass as it passed the House. 1 therefore move
that the Senate recede from its amendment.
The motion to recede was agreed to.
pay op capitol police.
The PRESIDENT pro tem.pore laid before
the Senate the joint resolution (H. R. No. 384)
relative to the pay of the Capitol police aud
watchmen. It provides that the men discharged
by the reduction of the Capitol police and
watchmen force be paid for the current month
of July out of the contingent funds of the two
Houses in equal proportions.
The joint resolution was read three times,
and passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is upon the motion of the Senator
from Rhode Island that the Senate adjourn,
upon which question the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Boreman, Casserly, Cole.
Corbett, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Harris,
Kellogg, McCreery, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn,
Robertson, Sclnirz, Spencer, Sprague, Thurman,
Tipton, Trumbull, and Willey—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bucking-
ham, O.u penter, Chandler, Conkling, Cragin, Drake,
Gilbert, Harlan, Howard, Howe, McDonald, Morrill
of Maine, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sawyer,
Scott, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, Warnor,
William?, and Wilson—28.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Cattell,
Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamil-
ton of Texas, ilamlin, Howell, Johnston, Lewis,
Morten, Patterson, Pool, Pratr, Revels, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Viekers, and Yates—23.
So the Senate (at one o'clock and fifteen
minutes a. m.) refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 37, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Bayard, Boreman,
Buckingham, Ca-rpenter, Caf-scrly,Cattell, Chandler,
Conkling, Corbett,. Cragin, Drake, Fowler, (rilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Kel-
logg, Morrill of Maino, Morrill ot' Vermont, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Ross, Sawyer, Sehurz, Scott, Stew-
art, Stockton, Thayer, Thurman, Trumbull, Warner,
Willey, and Williams—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, McCreery, McDonald, Rob-
ertson, Spencer. Sprague, Sumner, and Tipton—8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Cameron,
Davis, ISdinunds, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hamlin, Harris, Howell, Johnston,
Lewis, Morton, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Revels, Rice, Saulsbury, Shorman, Vickers, Wilson,
and Yates—26.
So the motion was agreed to.
RICHARD It. PEEBLES.
Mr. KELLOGG. Whilethe doors arsbeing
closed, I desire to call up a joint resolution that
has been read, containing only three lines, and
I ask that it be acted on. It was informally
passed by this afternoon, because I had not a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury which
I have now. It is the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 349) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasux'y to settle the accounts of Richard R.
Peebles, of Austin county, Texas, late collector
of the port of Galveston, Texas.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. CASSERLY. How does that resolu-
tion come up in executive session?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider it at this time.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is a great deal
of danger in all such bills. There may be
$100,000 covered up there.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 have a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from California object to Che further
consideration of the joint resolution ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Not if there is any ex-
planation of it.
Mr. STEWART. I object to discussion
here.
Mr. KELLOGG. A member of the lower
House from Texas feels a deep interest in it.
It concerns a citizen of that State. Here is a
letter from the Secretary and the Commissioner
of Revenue 
Mr. CASSERLY. I want to hear the letter
read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The doors
will be considered open for this purpose, and
the letter sent to the desk by the Senator from
Louisiana will be read.
Mr. STEWART. I must object to reading
the letter. We are in executive ^ssion. Let
us go on with executive business.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The doors
will be closed.
T]ie Senate remained in executive session
an hour and a half. The doors were reopened
at two o'clock and forty minutes a. m., [Fri-
day, July 15,] and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 14, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bbtleb.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
correction of the journal.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to correct the Jour-
nal. I find, Mr. Speaker, on the vote to sus-
pend the rules to take up the Southern Pacific
railroad bill, the Journal does not say I voted
at all, while the Globe says I voted in the
affirmative. I voted in the negative, and de-
sire the correction to be made.
The correction was accordingly made.
speaker's table.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I move to take
from the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 952
to amend an act entitled "An act granting
lands to the State of Oregon to aid in the con-
struction of a military wagon-road from Al-
bany, Oregon, to the eastern boundary of said
State," and to put it on its passage.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I ask
that we may go to the Speaker's table and
take up such private bills as there may be no
objection to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has fifty appli-
cations for the floor to move to take bills from
the Speaker's table. The only way to reach
the object desired is to go to the business on
the Speaker's table, and pass or refer those to
which no single gentleman objects.
Mr. JOHNSON. In the mean time I hope
I will be allowed to introduce and pass a bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to
to business on the Speaker's table if it bo tiie
understanding that ijo bill which is referred
shall be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider.
The SPEAKER. It could not possibly be
done during this session ; but the Chair will
hold that to be the understanding.
Mr. BE.NJAMIN.^ Let it also be the under-
standing that committees privileged to report
