3702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
to discuss what he says is now in the bill that
ought not to bo there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
State to the Senator from California thiit a
motion to correct the Journal when it is read
evefy morning is privileged. It is to make
the Jburnal conform to the actual condition of
facts that occurred on the previous day. But
it has never been held to be legitimate under
that to discuss the merits of the various prop-
ositions submitted on the previous day, but
simply to state in what particular the Journal
is incorrect, and to ask the Senate to correct
it to make it conform to the fact. The merits
of the questions considered thfe previous day
are not then subject to discussion; otherwise,
every day the whole merits of the questions
decided on the previous day could be redis-
cussed.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course the Senator
from Maine and the Senate generally will un-
derstand that I did not intend to trespass on
any rule of the Senate. 1 was not aware that
I was doing so. I thought it proper to assign
my reasons for undertaking to occupy the time
of the Senate at all. Of course I shall not
continue that course of remark. My object is
to have the Journal so corrected that it shall
appear that section sixteen was not adopted as
part of the bill as it finally passed the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to correct the Journal by
striking from it that part which relates to the
■sixteenth section of the bill passed on Friday,
■which he Bays was not in his opinion before
the body.
Mr. CASSERLY. And I trust if that motion
shall not carry some member of the major-
ity will move to reconsider the vote on the
passage of the bill, in order that we may reach
the difficulty in that way.
• Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, this is a
very remarkable motion. The Globe shows
,-that oa the 16th of May, when the Senate bill
'was called np, I offered a substitute for that
bill, which was the bill of'the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and I then offered additional sections
as amendments to it. The record in the Globe
reads thus:
"Mr, Stewart. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding gone additional sections consisting
of two bills, reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary that have been printed nnd on our tables
for a long time. One is Senate bill No. 114, to enforce
■the fourteenth article of amendment of the Consti-
tution of the United states in regard to holding
office; and the other is the bill (S. No. 365) to secure
to all persons the equal protection of the laws. I
send them to the Cbair as my amendments."
■ This was when the Senate bill was first called
-up. Afterward the House bill came in, and
the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
moved that the Senate bill be passed over and
that the House bill betaken up, and the motion
was carried. Immediately upon that motion
being carried, and the House bill being taken
up, 1 took the floor and moved as a substitute
forthe House bill the Senate bill with the former
amendments that I had moved, which is printed
in fall in the Globe of May 19, it having oc-
curred on the 18th of the mohth. There it
is, printed with the identical sections to which
the Senator now refers, being then numbered
fifteen, sixteen,'and seventeen. The number's
have been somewhat changed since, to corre-
spond with the different amendments that have
been put on it; but there they are, printed in
the identical language in which they now appear.
• What the Senator read is there. It is printed
twice in the Globe; once when offered as an
amendment to the Senate bill, and subsequently
when offered as an amendment to the House
bill as a substitute. It is printed the second
time in the Globe Jpf Thursday last. It was
distinctly stated at the time.
It was printed and on the tables of Senators
■atthe time this discussion was being had,and
that was the basis of the amendments that were
made. The Senate then went on to perfect
that amendment, and the discussion occurred
upon it. I regfet that any Senator Bhould have
failed to do what he conceived to be his duty ;
but I think the country is not to be injured by
the passage of that law. At the time I offered
the amendment I used this language :
, "Now, Mr, President. I propose to offer as a sub-
stitute for the House bill tho Sonata bill, together
with tho amendments which I offered to that bill. I
should like to modify the Senate bill on tho third
page, in line four of the fourth section, so that it
will read," ic.
I made that statement as it will be found in
the Globe of that day distinctly. Then the
amendment was amended from time to time,
and finally adopted.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say a word on
this matter. Wlien I saw this bill as printed
in the Globe of yesterday I was so much sur-
prised to find in it these sections to enforce the
fourteenth amendment, and the bill which we
have been accustomed to call the Chinese bill,
that I could not but suppose that there was
some mistake, and that in making up the
Journal the Secretary must have fallen into
some error; for I, like the Senator from Cali-
fornia, had no idea that either of those sec-
tions which constituted two independent bills
was in the amendment offered by the Senator
from Nevada as a substitute for the House bill.
It is but justice, however, to him to say that in
looking over the Globe this morning I am sat-
isfied that tliey were in the amendment that he
offered, and it was a misapprehension on my
part to suppose that they were not.
The facts were these, briefly to state them,
and I think it is proper that they should be
understood: on this day a week ago the Sen-
ator ft-om Nevada moved to pass overall other
orders in order to take up Senate bill No. 810,
to enforce the fifteenth amendment. That order
was made. Then there was brought before
the Senate an amendment reportedby the Judi-
ciary Committee to that bill, or, in other words,
a substitute for the bill. That substitute thus
reported by the, Judiciary Committee for the
original bill contained not a word about the
fourteenth amend ment, and not one word about
the civil rights bill or the Chinese bill. But
the Senator on that same day, after the Senate
agreed to take it up, then moved those two
distinct and separate bills as amendments to
the substitute reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and which will be found in the Daily
Globe of Tuesday the 17th of May, on page 2.
The debate went on upon that bill until Wednes-
day. On Wednesday the Senate passed over
that bill and took up the House bill, and then
the Senator from Nevada moved the Senate
bill, as he says here in the Globe, with the
amendments which he had previously offered
as a substitute. Now, let us see how ❖e under-
stood that matter. The Senator from Nevada,
as the Globe says, made this motion
" I offer the original Senate bill with the amend-
ments I before proposed to that as a substitute for
the House bill. I more to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the House bill and to insert."
And then came the substitute reported by
the Judiciary Committee of the Senate, a bill
to enforce the fifteenth amendment, and also
the bill No. 114, to enforce the fourteenth
amendment, and the Chinese bill, all offered
as one amendment.
I am satisfied, from the Globe, that that was
the motion ; but I am equally certain it was
not so understood. It was not so understood
by the Presiding Officer; I do not mean the
Vice President, for he was not in the chair.
I shall show that it was not so understood by
the Presiding OfEcer, and that it was stated to
the Senate that the question was precisely as
has been stated by the Senator from Califor-
nia. That arose in this way: the Senate , hav-
ing passed over the Senate bill and taken up
the House bill, and the Senator from Nevada
having made his motion, the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] offered to amend the
House bill; the Senator from Alabama [Mr.
Warner] offered to amend the amendment of
the Senator from Nevada: that is to say, to
amend the Senate bill which had been offered
as an amendment. The Senator from Oregon
[Mr. Corbett] raised a question whether that
could be done, whether that was proper, and
quite a colloquy took place as to the position
of affairs. In that condition of affairs, think-
ing a remark I had made had misled the Sen-
ator from Oregon, I said as follows :
"If the Senator from Oreson Trill listen to me for
a moment he will see precisely bow the thing stands.
The Scuate passed over the Senate bill and took up
the House bill. Then tho Senator from Nevada
moved to amend the House bill by sti iking out all
after the enacting clause and substituting tho Senato
bill."
That is what we understood, that it was
simply an offer to substitute the Senate bill to
enforce the fifteenth amendment, expecting
that that would be amended afterward, or that
offers would be made to amend it by inserting
these provisions in regard to the fourteenth
amendment, and perhaps the Chinese bill, too.
Then I went on to say :
"It is perfectly competent now to move to amend
the House bill before the motion is taken on striking
out all after the enacting clause, or to move to amend
the amendment. Therefore the motion just made
by the Senator from Alabama to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada, that is, to amend
the Senate bill, is perfectly in order, and so is tho
motion made by the Senator from Michigan to amend
the House bill. Either motion is in order."
Now, what was said upon that?
"Mr. Stewart. Certainly.
" Mr. Corbett. I understood that the House bill
was before the Senate, and therefore was the bill
under consideration.
" Mr. Thcrman. So it is.
"Mr. Corbett. My idea was that the Senate bill
should not bo moved as an amendment until it was
perfected, so as to move it in a body as an amend-
ment to tho House bill."
Showing distinctly what there was in the mind
of the Senator from Oregon, that you must take
the Senate bill and first amend it, and then offer
it as a substitute; not that there was anything
beside the Senate bill, that wa3 offered by the
Senator from Nevada. Now, what said the
Presiding Officer, the other Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Chandler,] who was then in the
chair?
"The Senator from Ohio has stated the case cor-
rectly."
That was undoubtedly his understanding;
that was undoubtedly my understanding; that,
I think, was the understanding of the Senate,
because 1 stated it as clearly as language could
state it that the pending matter before the Sen-
ate was a motion of the Senator from Nevada
to strike out all after the enacting clause of the
House bill and insert the Senate bill on the
same subject; that is, to enforce the fifteenth
amendment, as a substitute. The Chair so
understood it, and stated to the Senate that
that was the question. I wondered daring the
course of the debate through that long night
that the Senator from Nevada did not move to
add Senate bill No. 114, to enforce the four-
teenth amendment, and also his Chinese bill.
I never imagined for a moment that they were
in the amendment which he had offered. It
may be my own fault, not having read the
Globe more attentively ; but still I do not think
I can be charged with much want of care and
attention in the discussion or consideration of
this bill.
I only rose to say that I am satisfied now, on
looking at the Globe, that the Senator from
Nevada did move the amendment as it. appears
in the Journal, and that it was a mistake on my
part to suppose that that amendment did not
include these other matters.
Mr. STEWART. I simply desire to say
that when I offered the amendment it was read
at length at the desk, and if I had a little time
to look over the discussion I could show fre-
.quent allusions to it in the debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It seems to me
that this matter ought not to depend entirely
upon the mutual recqllectionsand speculations
of Senators; that there ought to be some accu-
rate information in regard to the course of
events in the Chair, ana I should be very glad
if the Chair would state it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
