502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
no part of the school funds. When the con-
stitution is put in force they will get their
share under it.
I have now, Mr. Speaker, occupied as much
of the time of the House as I think to be neces-
sary. In my opinion this matter should have
been dealt with and Virginia admitted on the
first day of the session, as recommended in his
message by the President of the United States.
But we were told to wait a little and examine
some statements of fact which had to be made.
We did examine them, and came to the conclu-
sion that they were all chaff and nonsense,
manufactured out of whole cloth, as was the
manifesto which was submitted to the House
last night, and which a Republican paper of
Richmond characterizes yesterday as itdeserves
when it says that it should think the man who
introduced that into either House of Congress
would want to drag himself into a very small hole
and to drag the hole in after him. [Laughter. J
That Republican paper, the Richmond Jour-
nal, the organ of our party, declares that it is
ashamed of any man who was capable of get-
ting up that mass of stuff which was laid upon
your desk last night. It is the last gasping ef-
fort of the men who feel the offices of Virginia
slipping out of their grasp, and I believe that
it is here we have the explanation of the pres-
eut contest about Virginia, both in this House
and the Senate. We have had before the Re-
construction Committee members-elect of Con-
gress from Virginia of the Republican party,
we have had members of the State Legislature
of the Republican party, among them one col-
ored man, member of the State senate from
Petersburg, who made an able, eloquent, and
noble address to the committee. This black
man came before our committee and said,
" Test-oaths and disfranchisement are not what
we want; they will not help the Republican
party in Virginia; they do us harm; admit the
State; admit it promptly and without condi-
tions ; that is what we want; that is what the
Republican party in Virginia wants, and that is
what will build us up and make us strong."
Sir, I believe in the wisdom of that colored
man more than in that of the man who wore the
ball and chain. I ask for the vote.
The first question was on the following
amendment to the bill offered by Mr. Wiiit-
temore:
In line nineteen, section ono, after tho words
" "United States," insert the following:
And any person who shall falsely take either of
the aforesaid oaths or affirmations shall bo deemed
guilty of perjury, and shall suffer the pains and
penalties thereof, and may be tried, convicted, and
punished therefor by the circuit court of the United
States for tho district in which said crime was com-
mitted; and tho jurisdiction of said court shall be
sole and exclusive for the purpose aforesaid.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
68, noes 53.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for
tellers.
Mr. WARD. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 70, not voting
17; as follows :
YEAR—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,Arnell,
Asper, Beaman, B catty, Benjamin, Bennett. Bonton,
Boles, Bowen, Bojrd, George M. Brooks,Buck. Buck-
ley, BufFmton, Burchard, Buvdott, Roderick It. But-
ler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Araasa Cobb,
Clmton L. Cobb, Coburn. Cook, Conger, Cowles. Cul-
lom, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon,Donley, Duv^l, Dyer,
Ela. Ferriss, Ferry, Finkclnbur*. Fisher, Fitch, Gar-
field, Giliillan, Hale, Hamilton, Hawley, Hay,ifefliii,
Hill, Hoar, Hogc, Hooper.Ingersoll, J enckes, Judd,
Kcllcy, Kellogg, ICelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin,
Lash, Lawrence, Logan. Loughridge, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McCrary, McGrew, Mcrcur, JJSliakim 11.
Moore, Jesse II. Moore, "William Moore, Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill. Myers, Neglr-y, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peters,
Phelps. Pomeroy, Prosper, Roots, Sanford, Sargent,
Schenek, Seofield, Shank!1, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon, John A. Smith. William J. Smith, Wor-
thington C. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stoke*, Stoughton, Strong,Taffe,
Townsend/PwichelI, Tyner, TTj^on, Van Horn,Ward,
Cadwalader 0. Washbuin. "William B.Washburn,
Wheeler, Whittcmore. Willard. Williams, John T.
Wilson, Winans, andWitcher—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam.-, Archer. Axtell, Bailey.
Banks, Barnum, Beck, Biggs, Bmgham, Bird,Blair,
James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cleveland, Cox, De-
wcese, Dickinson, Dockery, Dox, Eldridge, iarns-
worth, Fox, Getz, G-olladay, Greene, Griswold,
Ifaight, Haldeman, Hambieton, Hamill, Hawkins,
Heaton, Holman, Johnson, Kerr, Knott, Marshall,
Mayham, McCormick, MeNeely.^ Morgan, Mungen,
Niblack, Potter, Randall, Reading, Reeves, Rice,
Rogers, Schumakor, Slocum, JosephS. Smith, Stiles,
Stone, Strader, Swans, Sweeney, Tanner, Tillman,
Trimble. Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wel-
ker, Wells, Eugene M. "Wilson, "Winchester, wood,
and "Woodward—70. .
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison.Benjamm F.But-
ler, Crebs, Davis, Hays, Hoag, Hotchkiss, Alexan-
der H. Jones, Thomas L.Jones, Julian,Lynch, Mor-
rissey, Poland, Sawyer, Sherrod, Strickland, and
"Wilkinson—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Bingham, to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
Whereas tho peoplo of Virginia have adopted a
constitution republican in form, and have in all re-
spects conformed to tho requirements of the act of
Congress entitled "An act authorizing the# submis-
sion of the constitutions of Virginia, Mississippi, and
Texas to a vote 6f the people, and authorizing the
election of State officers provided by the said consti-
tutions, and members of Congress," approved April
10,1869: Thoreforo,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the said State of Virginia is entitled
to representation in tho Congress of the United
States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for a division, so
as to have a separate vote on the preamble.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can call
for it on the passage of the bill, after the third
reading, if the substitute shall be agreed to.
The previous question does not cut off the
right.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] was simply to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the
bill and to insert the words "that the State of
Virginia is entitled to representation in the
Congress of the United States.'7
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] can explain his own amend-
ment.
Mr, BINGHAM. I had the preamble printed
with the bill in my amendment. It can be
voted on separately if the substitute shall be
adopted. That is what is understood by the
Speaker. The question is simply on substi-
tuting the one bill for the other.
The SPEAIvER. The Chair so understands.
It is now submitted with the .preamble. Any
member asking for a separate vote on the pre-
amble, either to the bill or to the substitute, if it
shall be adopted, can have it after the engross-
ment and third reading of the bill is ordered,
but before the biil is actually read the third
time.
Mr. "WARD. I demand the yeas and nays
on the substitute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 95, not voting
17; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Bailey,
Banks, Bamum, Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Blair,
George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buckley, Burch-
nrd, Burr. Calkin, Cleveland, Cox, Crebs, Cullom,
Dawes. Dowoese, Dickinson, Dockery, Dox, Eld-
ridgc, FarnMvortn. Ferry, Finkchiburg, Fitch, Fox,
Garfield, Getz, Golladay, Greene, Griswold. Haight,
Haldeman, Hale, Hambloton, Hamill, Hawkins,
Hay, Heaton, Ilolmau, Hooper, Ingersoll. Jenckes,
Johnson. Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Laflin,
Logan, Marshall. Mayham, McCarthy, McCormick,
McNeely, Jesse 11. Moore, Morgan, Mungen, Nib-
lack, Urth, Peters, Potter, Randall, Reading, Reeves,
llice. Rogers, Sanford, Schumaker. Slocum, Joseph
S. Smith, Worthington C.Smith, Stiles, Stone, Stra-
der. Strong, Svv aim, Sweeney,Tanner,Tillman, Trim-
ble, Van Auken, VanTrump, Voorhees, Wells,Eugene
M. Wilson, John T. Wilson. Winans, Winchester,
Witchcr, Wood, and Woodward—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,Arnell,
Asper, Beaman. Beatty, Beniamin, Bennett, Benton
Boles. Bowen, Boyd. Buck, Buffinton, Burdett. Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke,
Amasa Cobb. Clinton L. Cobb. Coburn. Cook, Con-
ger, Cowles, Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Duval Dyer
Ela, Ferriss, Fisher, Gilfillan, Hamilton, Hawley!
Heflm, Hill. Hoar, Hoge, Judd. Kellcy, Kelscy,
Knapp, La.-h, Lawrence. Longhridge, Maynard
McCrary, McGrew, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Daniel J. Mhrreil, Samuel P. Morrill,
Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Packard, Packer. Paine,
Tw 1   Til. Aiayvvr X? AAt-o
Smith, "William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stark-
weather, Stevens. Stevenson. Stcdces, Stoughton,
burn, Welfcer, Wheeler, Whittcmore, Willard, and
Williams—95. , . - . .
KOI VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Benjamin F.
Butler, Davis, Hays, Hoag, Hotchkiss, Alexander
H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Lynch, Morris-
sey. Poland, Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod,
Strickland, and Wilkinson—17.
So the substitute of Mr. Bingham was
adopted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill as amended.
Mr. SCHENCK. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. LAWRENCE and Mr. MAYNARD
called for a separate vote upon the preamble
of the bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. Must not the vote be first
taken upon the passage of the bill and then
upon the preamble ?
The SPEAKER. That would be the proper
course in reference to the preamble of a joint
resolution, but not in reference to the pre-
amble of a bill, as will be seen by a rule which
the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows :
" When a bill is taken up in committee, or on its sec-
ond reading, tbey postpone the preamble till the other
parts of the bill are gone through. The reason is,
that on consideration of the body of the bill sucli
alterations may therein be made as may also occa-
sion the alteration of the preamble."
"[In the case of a resolution withapreamble, there
is no difficulty as to the time at which the preamble
is to be considered, nor in any case in Committee of
the Whole; but in the House, in the ease of a bill
with a preamble, there is some uncertainty as to tho
particular stage in ■which the bill must be when it is
proper to consider the preamble. It would seem
that it might appropriately be done after the bill has
been ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and
before the third reading iaket place. By this course
the bill can be engrossed either with or without the
preamble, as the House shall have determined. But
where aseparate vote on the prcamblc is not asked
for before the bill is read a third time the preamble
is considered as adopted.]"
The SPEAKER. This bill, therefore, is
now in the exact condition when it is proper
to call for a separate vote on the preamble.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not call for the yeas
and nays on the preamble.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there were—
ayes 22, noes 95; not one fifth voting in the
affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was upon adopting the pre-
amble.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let the preamble be
again read. •
The preamble was read, as follows:
Whereas tho people of Virginia have adopted a
constitution republican in form, and have in all re-
spects conformed to the requirements of the act of
Congress entitled "An act authorizing the submis-
sion of the constitutions of Virginia, Mississippi, and
Texas to a vote of the people, and authorising the
election of State officers provided by the said con-
stitutions, and members of Congress," approved April
10,1869.
The question was then taken; and upon a
division, there were—ayes <0, noes 64.
So the preamble was adopted.
_ The bill, as amended, was then read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Upon that question
I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
