1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1815
county, Delaware, protesting against any change
in the Uriff laws suggested by a free-trade
]e gae, and praying for redaction of duty on
tea, coffee, &c., and such readjustment of duty
on articles made in this country as will sustain
the wages of the American mechanic and the
market of the American farmer.
Also, a petition of 45 employes of the Kia-
niensia Woolen Company, at Stanton, New
Castle county, Delaware, protesting against
free trade, and praying for a reduction of duty
on tea, coffee, Ac., and for such readjustment
of duty on articles made in this country as will
sustain the American workingman.
By Mr. BIRD: A petition of 35 mechanics
of Elizabethport, Union county, New Jersey,
remonstrating against any change in the tariff
laws suggested by a free-trade league, and
praying for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
&c., and for such readjustment of duty on
articles made in this country as will maintain
home industry.
By Mr. CAKE: The petition of John Stanton
and 113 others, coal miners and workingmen
of Tremont, Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against any change in the tariff
laws suggested by a free-trade league, and pray-
ing for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee, and
other necessaries not produced in this country,
and for such readjustment of duty on articles of
home manufacture as will sustain the wages of
the American mechanic and the market of the
American farmer.
Also, a petition of 36 citizens of Tamaqua,
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, protesting
against any change in the tariff laws suggested
by a free-trade league, and praying for a reduc*
tion of duty on tea, coffee, &c., and such read'
justmentof duty on articles made in this coun-
try as will sustain American manufactures.
Also, the petition of David E. James and 162
workingmen in Swatara, Schuylkill county,
Pennsylvania, protesting against free trade,
and praying for a reduction of duty on tea,
coffee, &c., and for such readjustment of duty
on home products as will maintain domestic
industry.
Also, a petition signed by natives of Ireland,
citizens or having the intention to become citi-
zens of the United States, residents of Colo*
rado, Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, re-
spectfully representing that the aggressive war-
fare on and jealousy of American industry is
mainly on the part of England, as the other
nations produce only such of the great staples as
are required for their own consumption and are
not dependent for existence upon sale of their
products abroad; that the United States by con-
tinuing to buy from England to the enormous
extent of $171,000,000 (gold) annually, and
more than any other people, assists in sustain-
ing a nation that has always followed a policy
hostile to the interests of the United States
and during the late war rejoiced at the dissen-
sions and troubles that prevailed in the Repub-
lic, sentarmed vessels to destroy our commerce,
and aggravated the baseness of her conduct by
refusing up to the present to make compensa-
tion for her treacherous course; and the me-
morialists therefore ask thai increased protec-
tion shall be given to all industries which require
it, and that in all changes in the tariff the inter-
ests of domestic industry shall be considered
paramount to every other consideration.
By Mr. CESSNA: The petition of William
H. H. Berry and 91 others, miners and work-
ingmen at Six Mile Run, Bedford county, Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating against any change in
the tariff laws suggested by a free-trade league,
and praying for a reduction of duty on tea,
coffee, drugs, spices, &c., the products of
tropical countries, and such readjustment of
duty on American manufactures as will pre-
vent frauds on the customs and give protection
to home industry.
Also, the petition of James M. Qettleman
and 62 others, workingmen in Riddlesburg,
Bedford county, Pennsylvania, protesting
against any change in the tariff laws suggested
by & free-trade league, and praying for a reduc-
tion of duty on tea, coffee, &c., the products
of tropical countries, and for such readjust-
ment of dutjr on articles made in this country
as will sustain the wages of the American me-
chanic and the market of the American farmer.
Also, the petition of J. B. Wright and 112
others, workingmenatChambersburg, Franklin
county, Pennsylvania, protesting against any
change in the tariff laws suggested by a free-
trade league, and praying for a reduction of
duty on tea, coffee, and other necessaries not
produced in this country, and for such readjust-
ment of duty on home manufactures as will
maintain domestic industry.
Also, the petition of Hugh Parker and 198
others, mechanics and workmen at Mount Alto
Iron Works, Fayetteville, Franklin county,
Pennsylvania, protesting against any change in
the tariff laws suggested Dy a free-trade league,
and praying for a reduction of duty on tea,
coffee, and other necessaries not produced in
this country, and for such readjustment of
duty on home productions as will maintain
domestic industry.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of
Hon. A. Z. McCarty and 200 others, citizens
of Oswego county, New York, for improve-
ment of the harbor of Port Ontario.
By Mr. CO VODE: The petition of C. M. Lang
and 132 others, workingmen of Marion, Indiana
county, Pennsylvania, protesting against any
change in the tariff laws suggested by a free-
trade league, and praying for reduction of duty
on tea, coffee, drugs, spices, &c., and such
readjustment of duty on articles manufactured
in this country as will prevent frauds on the
customs, maintain home industry, and sustain
the wages of American mechanics and the
market of the American farmer.
Also, a petition of 48 farmers and working-
men in Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against free trade, and praying
for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee, and other
necessaries not produced in this country.
By Mr. CREBS: The petition of James M.
Eaton and 36 others, citizens of South Amer-
ica, Illinois, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. D OX: The petition of John T. Akin,
a soldier of the war of 1812, asking for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. GETZ: The petition of James Rob-
eson and 105 others, workmen in Reading,
Berks county, Pennsylvania, protesting against
any change in the tariff laws suggested by a
free-trade league, and praying for a reduc-
tion of duty on tea, coffee, and other neces-
saries not produced in this country, and such
readjustment of duty on articles made in this
country as will sustain the wages of the Amer-
ican mechanic and the market of the American
farmer.
Also, the petition of D. B. Altenderfer and
63 others, furnacemen and farmers of Monoc-
acy, Berks county, Pennsylvania, remonstra-
ting against any change in the tariff laws
suggested by a free-trade league, and praying
for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee, &c., ana
for such readjustment of duty on articles made
in this country as will sustain the wages of the
American mechanic and the market of tho
American former.
. Also, a petition of 48 workmen in William
McIlvainA Son's rolling mill, at Reading, Penn-
sylvania, protesting against any change in the
tariff laws suggested by a free-trade league,
andpraying for reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
drugs, spices, &o.t and such readjustment of
duty on articles made in this country as will
prevent frauds on the custom-house, maintain
home industry, and sustain the wages of the
American mechanic and the market of the
American farmer.
Also, a petition of Moses Stubblebine and 145
others, workingmen and mechanics of Birds-
borough, Berks county, Pennsylvania, protest-
ing against any change in the tariff laws sug-
gested by a free-trade league, and praying for
a reduction of duty on tea, coffee, and other
necessaries not produced in this country, and
for such readjustment of duty on articles made
in this country as will sustain the wages of the
American mechanic and the market of the
American farmer.
Also, a petition of 48 citizens of Wormels-
dorf, Berks county, Pennsylvania, protesting
against any change in the tariff laws suggested
by a free trade-league representing alien inter-
ests, and praying for a reduction of duty on
tea, coffee, &c., the products of tropical coun-
tries, and such readjustment of duty on home
productions as will protect American industry.
Also, the petition of Lewis C. Romich and
82 others, residents of Hamburg, Berks county,
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against free trade
and praying for a reduction of duty on tea,
coffee, and other necessaries not produced in
this country, and for such readjustment of duty
on articles made in America as will sustain
domestic industry.
Also, a petition of 47 workingmen at Lees-
port, Berks county, Pennsylvania, protesting
against free trade, and praying for a reduction
of duty on tea, coffee, and other necessaries
not produced in this country.
Also, a petition of 47 mechanics of Sinking
Springs, Berks county, Pennsylvania, protest-
ing against free trade, and praying for a reduc-
tion of duty on tea, coffee, &c., and such read-
justment of duty on home products as will
maintain domestic industry.
j Also, a petition of 48 mechanics and labor-
j ers in Reading, Berks county, Pennsylvania,
! praying for a reduction of duty on the products
! of tropical countries, and for such readjust-
ment of duty on articles made in this country
&s will maintain home industry.
Also, a petition of 18 employ6s of Pine Iron
Works, Berks county, Pennsylvania, protest-
ing against free trade, and praying for a reduc-
tion of duty on tea, coffee, and other neces-
saries not produced in this country.
Also, a petition of 24 residents of Berks
county, Pennsylvania, praying for a reduction
of duty on tea, coffee, &c., and for such read-
justment of duty on articles made in this coun-
try as will protect home industry.
By Mr. GILFILLAN :■ A petition of 48 work-
men in Sbaxon Furnace, Mercer county, Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating against any change in
the tariff laws suggested by a free-trade league,
and praying for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
drugs, spices, &c., the products of tropical
countries, and such readjustment of daty on
articles made in this country as will give pro-
tection to domestic industry.
Also, a petition of 67 citizens of Conneaut-
ville, Crawford county, Pennsylvania, protest-
ing against free trade, and praying for a reduc-
tion of duty on tea, coffee, &c., and for such
readjustment of daty on home products as will
sustain American industry. :
By Mr. HAMBLETQN? A petition of 39
workingmen and citizens of North East, Cecil
county, Maryland; remonstrating against any
change in the tariff laws suggested by a free-
trade league, and praying for a reduction of
duty on tea, coffee, and other necessaries not
produced in America, and for such readjust-
ment of duty on articles made in this country
as will prevent frauds on the customs and
maintain home industry.
By Mr. JENCKES: Thepetition of Edward
Harris and others, for lower duties on wool.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: A petition
of the citizens of Carthage, Campbell county,
Kentucky, to abolish the franking privilege.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of Hon.
George W. Sterling and others, of Pough-
keepsie, New York, asking that a pension
be grabted to Mrs. Julia Cosgrove, widow of
Edward Cosgrove.
By Mr. LYNCH: A petition of citizens
of Maine, for drawback on material used in
construction of vessels, and remonstrating
against admitting foreign-built ships to Amer-
ican register.
