1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5591
at any time shall not be privileged to report
back any bill or joint resolution which may be
referred to it on taking up the business on the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. It will be understood that
no bill referred under this call shall be reported
back at this session.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Before that is done
I move, in the case 1 have referred to, that
the rules be suspended, and the bill passed.
The Committee on the Public Lands recom-
mend it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had better
wait until we go to business on the' Speaker's
table by unanimous consent. The reason why
this had better be attended to now is, that
if bills be passed they may go at once into the
hands of the enrolling clerks. If there be no
objection the House will proceed to the con-
sideration of the business on the Speaker's
table, with the understanding that no business
shall be taken up for reference or passage to
which there is a single objection.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill (H. R. No. 2408) for the
creation of an additional land district in the
State of California. It is sent here by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
is recommended by the Committee oti the
Public Lands.
Mr. ALLISON. Does Jthis come from the
committee?
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on the
Public Lands instructed that this bill be re-
ported this morning. It is recommended by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
There was no objection; and the bill was
read a first and second time.
The first section of the bill, which was read,
provides that so much of the districts of lands
now subject to sale at Humboldt and Marys-
ville, in the State of California, as are con-
tained within the following boundaries shall
constitute a new land district, to be called the
Shasta district, bounded as follows: on the
north and east by the boundary lines of the
State; on the south by the fifth standard par-
allel north, and on the west by the line be-
tween ranges ten and eleven west of the Mount
Diablo base and meridian, the location of the
office for which shall be designated by the
President of the United States, and may be
changed by him from time to time as the pub-
lie interest may seem to require.
The second section of the bill, which was
read, provides that there shall be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, a register and receiver for
said land district, who shall respectively be
required to reside at the site of the office, be
subject to the same laws and entitled to the
same compensation as is or may hereafter be
prescribed by law in relation to other land
offices in said State.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordi ngly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DONATION OF LAND EOlt SCHOOL PURPOSES.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
back, with the recommendation that it do pass,
the bill (H. R. No. 1224) donating for school
purposes a certain lot of land, with the build-
ing thereon erected, known as the Old Indian
Dormitory, in the village of Mackinac, Michi-
gan.
The bill was read. It authorizes and requires
the Secretary of the Treasury to grant and con-
vey to the trustees of the public schools for the
village of Mackinac, Michigan, all the right,
title, and interest of the United States in and
to a certain inclosed lot of land, with the build-
ing thereon erected, known as the Old Indian
Dormitory, situate in the said village of Mack-
inac, to be used for school purposes only. And
whenever the same shall be converted to other
uses it shall revert to the United States.
Mr. PERRY. This bill has been before the
Committee on the Public Lands, and is unani-
mously reported by them to be put upon its
passage. It involves only an acre of land or
thereabouts, and upon it stands an old build-
ing, which, unless repaired, will go to ruin.
The school trustees are prepared to make all
necessary improvement if they can have the
title. The Secretary has already leased the
property for school purposes since 1867, and
what I desire now by the passage of the bill is
to have conveyed to the trustees the title, so
that they may improve the building by fitting
it up for educational purposes. It was origin-
ally built by the Government for the Indians
as a dormitory. It is no longer needed for this
purpose, and my object is to fit it for the edu-
cation of Indians as well as other pupils, thus
devoting it hereafter to the laudable object of
public education. It had far better serve this
end than be left to decay and destruction. Let
the structure become instrumental in benefit-
ing the youth of Mackinac by the passage of
the bill, rather than be rendered useless to any-
body by wanton neglect.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gokiiam,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed the bill (II. R. No. 2SC9) making addi-
tional appropriations and to supply the defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal years ending
June 80,1870, and Juno 30, 1871, and for other
purposes, with an amendment; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, a joint
resolution and bills of the following titles:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 23(5) relative
to the stone presented by the patriots of Rome
to the late President Lincoln;
A bill (H. R. No. 2090) to annul a portion
of a certain statute by the Territory of New
Mexico, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2352) to relieve Francis
H. Vaughan, of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, of all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth article of amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 1149) to amend an act
entitled "An act authorizing the construction
of a bridge across the Missouri river upon the
military reservation at Fort Leavenworth,
Kansas; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2404) to amend section
four of the act of March 81, 1808.
The message further announced that in the
absence of the Vice President the Senate had
chosen Hon. Mr. Anthony, a Senator from the
State of Rhode Island, President of the Sen-
ate pro tempore.
SUPPLEMENTARY DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House non-
concur in the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. It. No. 2369) making additional appro-
priations, and to supply the deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal years ending June SO.
1870, and June SO, lb71, and fos other pui-
poses, and ask a eommitte.e of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
RITTENHOUSE P. FINCK.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads a bill (H. R. No. 2409) for the relief
of Rittenhouse P. Finck; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It instructs the Post-
master General to pay Rittenhouse P. Finck,
out of any moneys heretofore appropriated lor
the use of the Post Office Department, the sum
of $300, in full for all claims upon the United
States for services as postal agent.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, this is one of the
cases that calls for aid and sympathy. A one-
legged soldier received his commission as post
route agent, was sworn in, and after pawning
his pension papers to raise money to get to
New Orleans, where he was to go on duty, was
coolly told that his place had been given to
another, and there had to remain at expense
until he could get means sent to him to get back
to his home in Pennsylvania. He is now on a
sickbed and not expected to live many months,
and with a wife and two children in a destitute
condition. The Postmaster General says he
has no authority to pay him his expenses and
loss sustained in going to and from New Or-
leans. The Post Office Committee unanimously
unite in recommending the passage of the bill
offered, and I hope it will pass without objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HILL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HILL. I ask that the report of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads on
this case be printed in the Globe.
There was no objection. The report is as
follows:
The Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
to whom was referred the petition ot Rittenhouse P.
Finck, report:
That Rittenhouse P. Finek, late a private in the
sixteenth Pennsylvania cavalry, and during the
late rebellion having lost a leg in the service, was
on April 12, 18(59, appointed by the First Assistant
Postmaster General, George Earle, to be a postal
route agent upon the steamboat line from New Or-
leans to Vicksburg. That he took the oath of office
upon the same day and received his commission;
being in destitute circumstances, he pawned hispen-
sion certificate in order to got means to go to New
Orleans and report for duty. That on his arrival
there he was informed by the postmaster that some
one elso had been appointed in his place, his com-
mission having beeu revoked. That said Finck was
compelled to remain thereuntil he could send to his
friends in the North to get money to enable him to
return home. The Post Office Department report
that he was removed for no cause of his own, but
becauso another man was recommended by the Sen-
ators from Louisiana. Your committee therefore
recommend the payment of $300 to said Firtok out of
any funds appropriated for the use of the Post Office
Department.
SARAII L. GOODRICH.
Mr. HAWLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2410) for the relief
of Sarah L. Goodrich; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs that Sarah L.
Goodrich, widow of Sanford B. Goodrich,
deceased, late band master in the third regi-
ment of Michigan cavalry, be allowed and paid
the same bounty and additional bounty to which
she would have been entitled as such widow had
the said Sanford B. Goodrich been an enlisted
man in the Army of the United States at the
time of his death.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JlAWLLY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
