504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 17, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting papers, in response
to the resolution of the Senate of the 13t.h of
December, 1869, in relation to the sale of cer-
tain lands in Kansas known as the lands of
the "Black Bob band" of Shawnees. This
communication will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. The papers are very
voluminous, and unless a motion is made to
print the Chair will not order it.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have
them printed.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas asks that they be printed. The
Chair hears no objection, and the printing will
be ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with aresolution
of the Senate of April 19, 1869, information
in relation to obstructions to navigation at the
Southwest Pass of the Mississippi river ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, communicating a report
of the chief engineer upon the harbor of San
Diego, California; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of State, calling the attention of
Congress to the indemnity funds received from
the Governments of China and Japan; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the commission appointed by a joint resolution
of the Senate and House of Representatives to
select a site for the erection of a building for
a new State Department; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of December 20, 18C9, the report of H. H.
Mclntyre, late special agent of that Depart-
ment for Alaska; which was referred to the
Committee on Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Missouri, in favor
of an appropriation for the erection of a pub-
lic building for the accommodation of the post
office and the United States courts at Jefferson
Oily, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
IheVICE PRESIDENT also presented a
resolution adopted at the semi-annual session
of the Grand Encampment, department of New
York, Grand Army of the Republic, held at
Booth's Theater, in thecity of New York, July
21 and 22, 1869, in favor of an amendment to
the revenue laws so as to exempt honorably
discharged soldiers, sailors, and marines from
the special lax imposed on those playing hand-
organs and other musical instruments; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
t He also presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Franklin, Summit county, Ohio, praying the
abolition of the ffanking privilege; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Camden, Illinois, and a petition of citizens of
Spring Valley, Ohio, praying the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which were referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a memorial
from Henry Mahler, a citizen of Prussia, and
a man of culture and of science. He states, in
very respectful and persuasive language, that
he has contributed valuably and essentially to
the success of the French cable as an experi-
ment, and he asks that in any adjustment
made in regard to it we may take into consid-
eration his claims and affix such requirements
as may be deemed just. 1 ask that it be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to suggest in regard
to that petition that it is a petition from a citi-
zen of a foreign Government. Is it in order
for such petitions to be presented here?
The VICE PRESIDENT/ The Chair does
not know what the usage of the Senate is, but
in the House of Representatives they have not
been received except by permission.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think they have not
been received here.
Mr. CONKLING. I am quite aware of
that, and therefore it was, that I said that this
gentleman stated in very respectful and per-
suasive lariguage his case, and I asked, in
courtesy, that it might be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. POMEROY. Ihave no objection to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL, [have.'
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed that the same usage prevails in the
Senate as in the House of Representatives ;
that petitions from foreigners are not received.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think we had best not
change the rule. I object to this petition being
received. I know nothing about it; but if it
is to be put on the ground that it is respectful
and polite, then we have got to examine every
petition that comes from a foreigner and ascer-
tain its character ; and it seems to me we had
better adbero to the rule.
Mr. CONKLING. I will state to the honor-
able Senator, if he will allow me, that I thought
this was a proper ease of exception, not merely
because it was respectful, as I said, but because
it relates to a matter in common between us
and a foreign country. This cable touches both
shores. This man has a claim which he thinks
pertains to us as well as to the proprietors of
this cable, who are foreigners. It is therefore,
as the Senator will see, a very peculiar case,
and a case, it struck me, which made it proper
for mo to ask that the courtesy which as a gen-
eral rule would not be extended should not be
denied here. The Senator will see that such
an instance can very rarely arise; indeed I am
not sure that another illustration of it could be
put. So I hope Senators will not insist on the
objection, but allow it to be referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that whenever this fact has been dis-
closed the Senate, heretofore once upon the
presentation of a petition by the then Senator
from Maryland, (Mr. Johnson,) who is not now
a member of the body, formally decided that
they could not receive a petition from a foreign
subject. The objection, therefore, having been
made in this case, the Chair must decline to
entertain a motion to receive this petition.
Mr. CONKLING. I have several other
petitions to present. I present the resolutions
of the Grand Army of the Republic for the
department of the State of New York, calling
attention to the onerous special tax imposed
upon disabled soldiers who earn a living by
playing upon hand-organs, which they ask to
have removed. I move its reference to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of
citizens of the county of Ontario, New York,
praying for the abolition of what is known as
the franking privilege; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Albany, New York, praying for the erection
of a public building for the accommodation of
the post office an<i other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Anson, Maine, praying the abolition
of the franking privilege; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads. " '
Mr. POMEROY. I present a petition, num-
erously and respectably signed by citizens of
Iowa Point, Doniphan county, Kansas, pray-
ing for the abolition of th© franking privilege.
I am in favor of what they pray for, and I move
that their petition be .referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a memorial of
Lackett, Davis & Co., EdwardPearce, and S.
G. Coleman, remonstrating against the grant-
ing of the petition of George EE. Corliss for the
extension of^iis letters-patent of March 10,
1849, for improvements in the steam-engine ;
which was referred to the Committee ou Pat-
ents.
Mr. MORTON. I present a memorial in
the form of a resolution adopted by a number
of soldiers of the war of 1812 at a meeting held
at Lebanon, Indiana, at which they " resolved
that it is just that the few soldiers of the war
of 1812 still living should receive from the
Government pensions for the balance of their
lives." This memorial is signed by some forty
soldiers of the war of 1812, and their ages are
given, none under seventy-six years and none
over -eighty-six years. I move that this memo-
rial be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented a petition of
citizens of Sussex county, Delaware, praying
the abolition of the franking privilege ; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. DRAKE. I present resolutions passed
by the General Assembly of the State of Mis-
souri, requesting Congress to make appropria-
tions for public buildings of the Government
at the capital of the State, and I ask that they
be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire that they be read or referred?
Mr. DRAKE. I was under the impression
that it was the custom when resolutions of a
State Legislature were presented to read them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not the in-
variable custom. They are generally referred
and always printed if the Senator presenting
them desires to have them printed. The Sen-
ator can have them read if he desires.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir: I do not desire that
they be read. I mov^ that they be printed
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present quSe a number
of petitions for the abolition of the franking
privilege, and in doing so I will make a remark.
While I have always been in favor of the abo-
lition of the franking privilege I cannot fail to
observe the rather peculiar means now used to
call our attention to the matter. I have voted
for the repeal of the franking privilege for, I
believe, ten or fifteen years, and shall do it
while I am a member of Congress, and hope
to see it abolished ; but it must be observed,
I have noticed in regard to all petitions,
that they are always signed by the postmaster
and by others. These papers are no doubt
printed at the Government expense and sent
all over the country free of postage, themselves
iranked no doubt and sent back to us. It scenic
to me it will be a better reform not to load
down the mails with these numerous petitions
sent from this point all over the country and
then sent back to us numerously signed. I
