1816
Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
By Mr. McKENZIE < A memorial of the
citizens of Fredericksburg, Virginia, asking
lor an appropriation of $100,000 for the re-
moval of obstructions from the Rappahannock
river.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Mrs.
Susannah Rcnfro, widow of William W. Renfro,
late company I), second regiment Tennessee
infantry volunteers, praying for a pension.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Catharine J. Solo-
mon, widow of B. H. Solomon, late company
E, eighth regiment Tennessee .infantry volun-
teers, praying for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Samuel S. Mill wee, of
Kuoxville, Tennessee, praying compensation
for a lot of tobacco.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petitioa of John
McDermott and 880 others, workers in Penn-
sylvania iron Works, at1 Danville, Montour
county, Pennsylvania* remonstrating against
any change in the tariff laws suggested by a
free-trade league, and praying for a reduction
of duty on tea* coffee, drags, spices, &c., And
such readjustment of dilty on articles made in
this country as vill give protection to American
industry.
Also, the petition of Daniel Breece and 165
others, mechanics, workingmen, and farmers,
of Bloomsburg, Colombia county, Pennsyl-
vania, protest ing against any change in the tariff
laws suggested by a free-trade league, and
prayiog for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
and other necessaries not produced in this
country, and such readjustment of duty on arti-
cles made in this country .as will prevent frauds
on the customs, maintain home industry, and
sustain the wages of the American mechanic
and the market of the American farmer.
Also, the petition of Samuel A. Mills and
60others, workmen in the National Iron Works,
at Danville, Montour county, Pennsylvania,
protesting against free trade, and praying for
a reduction of duty on tea, coffee•, and other
necessaries not produced in America, and such
readjustment of duty on articles made in this
eountry as will maintain home industry.
Also, a petition of 42 iron workers, at Dan-
ville, Montour county, Pennsylvania, protest-
ing against free trade, and praying for a redac-
tion of duty on tea, Coffee, &c., and such
readjustment of duty on articles made in this
country as will protect American industry.
By Mr. MOORE* of New Jersey : 'fhe peti-
tion of Benjamin M. Turner and 109 others,
glass-blowers and citizens of Clayton, Glouces-
ter coant.y, New Jersey, protesting against any
change in the,tariff laws suggested .by a freer
trade league representing alien interests, and
praying for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
and other necessaries not produced in this
country; and for suqh readjustment of duty on
home manufactures as will.sustain the wages
of the American mechanic and the market of
the American farmer. ■
Also, the ppt^iofl of .William Irpton and 40
others, workers in thfl Cam den Iron Works,
Camden, New J/ersey, ;setapnstrating against
any change in the tariff Iftwa suggested by a
free-trade league, and praying for reduction of
duty on tea, coffee, drugs, spices, &o*t and
such readjustment of, duty on articles .*pade
in this couutry as, will prevent .frauds on the
customs, inaintaia home industry, and sustain
the wages of the American mechanic and
market of the American farmer.
Also, a petition of 40 citizens of Camdet),
New Jersey, protecting against free trade, and
praying a reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
&c.rand such, readjustment of duty on home
manufactures as will sustain American work-
iugmen. ,
Also, a petition of 48 glass-blowerain Mill-
yille, Cumberland county) New Jersey, prayr
ing for such readjustment of duty on American
products as will maintain home industry,and
sustain the wages ofthe American workingman*
Also, the petition of Captain Mayhew and 30
Others, masters and owners of vessels of Mau,-
ricetown, New Jersey, praying Congress to
protect all engaged in navigation from illegal
exactions named therein.
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of G. B.
Potwin, E. G. Woodward, James E. Wood-
bridge, R. C. Hind, L. Harper, Adolph Wolff,
Joseph Watson, Israel Green, sr., Israel J.
Weaver, Robert Miller, H. M. Young, W. Oak
Johnson, David Parrott, and James Johnson,
leading business men of Mount Vernon, Ohio,
and vicinity, and 250 others, irrespective of
party, airing Congress to abolish the national
banks, irfsuo $500,000,000 in greenbacks, sub-
stitute the same for the national bank notes,
and pay off in greenbacks at par $840,000,000
of the bonded debt.
By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of John L. Byrneand 103 others, min-
ers and workingmen in Dad ley, Huntingdon
county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
any change in the tariff laws suggested by a free-
trade league, and praying for reduction of doty
on tea, coffee, drags, spices, &c., the products
of tropical countries, and such readjustment
of duty on articles made in this country as will
prevent frauds on the custom-house, maintain
home industry, and sustain the wages of the
American mechanic and the market of the
American farmer.
Also, the petition of Patrick Shanahan and
87 others, citizens of Johnstown, in Cambria
county, Pennsylvania, protesting against any
change in th$ tariff laws suggested by a free-
trade league, and praying for a reduction of
dnty on tea, coffee, and other articles not pro-
duced in this country, and for such readjust-
ment of duty on artieles made in this country
as will protect home industry.
Also, a petition of 41 workingmen in Clay
township, Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against any change in the tariff
laws suggested by a free-trade league represent-
ing foreign interests, an d praying for a reduction
of duty on tea, coffee, ana other necessaries not
produced in this couutry, and for such readjust-
ment of duty on articles made in America as
will sustain the wages of the American mechanic
and the market of the American farmer.
Also, the petition of M. Orlady and 119
others, residents of Huntingdon conaty, Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating against any change in
the tariff laws suggested by a free-trade league,
and praying for a reduction of duty on tea, cof-
fee, drags, spices, &e., the products of tropical
countries, and such readjustment of duty on
aaticles manufactured in this country as will
protect home industry.
Also, a petition of 48 farmers and mechan-
ics of Lewistown, Mifflin county, Pennsylva-
nia, remonstrating against any change in the
tariff laws suggested by a £re&-trade league,
and praying for -a redaction, of duty on tea,
coffee, drugs, spices, &o., the products of
tropical countries, and such readjustment of
duty on articles made in this country.as will
prevent frauds on the customs, maintain home
industry, and sustain the wages of the Ameri-
can mechanic and the market of the American
farmer,
Alao, the petition of Patrick H. Hogan and
1415others, workingmen of Johnstown, Penn-
sylvania, protesting against any change in our
tariff laws suggested by a free-trade league
representing alien interests, and praying for
Btteh a reduction of duty on tea, coffee, drugs,
spices, as the necessities of the revenue
will admit, and such readjustment of duty on
articles which may be made in this country as
will prevent frauds on the custom-house, main-
tain home industry, and sustain the wages of
the Amerieaa mechanic and the market of the
American farmer.
Also, a petition of 46 mechanics and farmers
of Blair county, Pennsylvania, protesting
against free trade, and praying for a redaction
of duty on tea, coffee, &fc., and such readjust-
ment of duty on American productions as will
sustain the wages of the American mechanic
and the .market of the Amerieaa farmer.
<. Also, ^petition of 47 citizens of Polk county,
Georgia, remonstrating against any change in
the tariff laws suggested by a free-trade league,
and praying for a reduction of duty on tea,
coffee, and other necessaries not produced in
this country, and for such readjustment ot'
duty on home manufactures as will prevent
frauds on the customs, maintain domestic in-
dustry, and sustain the wages of the American
mechanic and the market, of the American
farmer.
By Mr. O'NEILL : The petition of Stewart
Amos and 54 others, workmen in the Harrison
Boiler Works, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, re-
monstrating against any change in the tariff
laws suggested by a free-trade league, and
praying for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
drugs, spices, &c., and such readjustment of
duty on articles made in this country as will
prevent frauds on the customs, maintain home
industry, and sustain the wages of the Amer-
ican mechanic and the market of the American
farmer.
Also, the petition of John Hackett and G8
others, workingmen of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating against any change in
the tariff laws suggested by a free-trade league,
and praying for a reduction of duty on tea,
coffee, and other necessaries not produced in
this country, and for such readjustment of duty
as will protect home industry.
Also, the petition of Thomas Farley and
38 others, workmen in the Berkshire Cotton
Mills, Philadelphia, Pennsylvaniay protesting
against any change in the tariff laws suggested
by a free-trade league, and praying for a
redaction of duty on tea, coffee, &c., and such
readjustment of duty on articles made in this
country as will protect home interests.
By Mr. PAINE: A memorial of the city
council of Racine, Wisconsin, for improve-
ment of the harbor at that place.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Wisconsin,
respecting the proposed change in the tariff on
imported books.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition, of Robert
A. Nesbit and. 117 others, residents of Sbarps-
burg, Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against any change in the tariff laws
suggested by afree-trade league, and praying for
a reduction of duty on tea, coffee, drugs, spices,
&c., and such readjustment of duty on articles
made in this country as will prevent frauds on
the customs, maintain home industry, and sus-
tain the wages of the American mechanic and
the market of the American farmer.
Also* the petition of John Hackett and 75
others, workmen in salt works at Natrona,
Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, remonstrat-
ing against-any change in the tariff laws sug-
i, Rested by a free-trade league, and praying for a
reduction of duty on tea, coffee, drugs, spices,
; &c., and such readjustment of duty on home
manufactures as will prevent frauds on the cus-
toms, maintain home industry, and sustain the
wages of the American mechanic and the
market ofthe American farmer.
Also, the petition of John C. Anderson and 52
others, iron-workers in Alleghany county,Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating against any change in
the tariff laws suggested by afree-tradeleague,
and praying for a reduction of duty on tea,
coffee, drugs, spices, &c.,the products of trop-
ical countries, and such, reduction of dnty on
articles made in this country as will prevent
frauds on the customs, maintain home indus-
try, and sustain the wages of the American
mechanic and the market of the American
farmer.
Also, a petition of 26 iron-workers in Arm-
strong county, Pennsylvania, protesting against
free trade, and praying for a reduction of duty
on tea, coffeei, &c., and such readjustment of
duty on articles made in America as will main-
tain home interests.
By Mr. READING: The petition of William
Chapman and 82 others, workingmen and citi-
zens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, protesting
against any change in the tariff laws suggested
by a free-trade league, and praying for reduc-
