1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
mm
when debate shall have concluded to-morrow
we vote.
Mr. CONKLING. No. When this one Sen-
ator referred to by the Senator from Massachu-
setts concludes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In that
shape is there any objection to it?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now my motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. The record shows who
objects. I renew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I want the record to show
who objects.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine, moves that the Senate do now
adjourn. "**'
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and
being laken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 17; as
follows:
YEAS Messrs. Boreinan, Buckingham, Ca.sserly,
Cole. Conkling, Drake, Jb'owler, Hamlin, Harlan,
McGrcery, Pool, Ramsey, Scott, Spencer, Sumner,
Trumbull, Vickers, and Williams—18.
NAYS—Mt-ssi.-;. Chandler. Fenton, Howell, Mc-
Donald, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Osborn, Pomeioy,
Kico, Kobertson, Ross, Sawyer, Sprague, Stewart,
Warner, Willey, and Wilson—17.
ABsi^NT—Messrs. Abbott, Amos, Anthony, Bay-
ard, Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Catteil, Cor-
bet, Cragm, Davis Edmunds, Perry, Flanagan,
Uilbert, Hamilton of Marjland, Hamilton of Texas,
Harris. Howard, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, Bewis,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Patterson,
Pratt. Bevels, Salisbury, Schurz, Sherman. Stock-
ton, Thayer, Thurman, Tipton, and Yates—37.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
(at eleven o'clock and five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 21, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
paving of pennsylvania avenue.
The bill (EL R. No. 2275] to provide forthe
paving of Pennsylvania avenue was read twice
by its title.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senate have heretofore
passed a^ill almost in the terms of this one.
Every Senator knows the shocking condition
in which this avenue now is. I therefore ask
that the bill may be put upon its passage. I
do it with the unanimous concurrence of the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope we may have at
least, one avenue in this city properly paved.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should have no objec-
tion except that I know some parties in this
city desired to see the Senator from Maine this
morning in regard to this bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 will state that I have an
amendment prepared which I think meets that
case precisely.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; then I have
no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to call up a joint
resolution which I offered yesterday, if it be in
Older, and have it acted upon now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by the rules it is imperative that
bills from the House of Representatives must
first be laid belore the Senate, and there is a
large number of them almost every day. If
there be no objection, this bill will he reported
in full, the Senator from Maine desiring the
Senate to act upon it at this time.
'The bill was read, it provides that the Sec-
retary of the Interior, Brevet Brigadier General
N. Michler, engineer in charge of public build-
ings and grounds, and the mayor of the city of
"Washington, or their successors in office, shall
be appointed a commission to select and determ-
ine the best kind of pavement to be used in pav-
ing Pennsylvania avenue, and tfr'have it paved
therewith from the northwest gate of the Capitol
giouuds to the crossing of Fifteenth street west.
Within ten days after the passage of the act
the commissioners named are to meet and or-
ganize by the election of a president and sec-
retary from among their number, and proceed
to perform the duties devolved upon them ; and
within thirty days after they shall have determ-
ined upon the pavement to be used they are
to contract for the paving of the ayenue between
the points named on the lowest and mostfuvor-
able terras possible, after having caused notice
of the letting thereof to be given in one or more
newspapers published in Washington, Balti-
more, Philadelphia, and New York for twenty
days prior to the letting, giving the time and
place of such letting and kind of pavement,
requiring the paving to be done in the best and
most substantial manner, and without unneces-
sary delay, and on a good and sufficient bond,
with sureties, to be approved by the chief jus-
tice of the supreme court of the District of
Columbia, guarantying that the terms of the
contract shall be strict ly and faithfully observed.
The cost of laying down the pavement is to
be borne and paid for in the following propor-
tions and manner: by the Washington and
Georgetown Railroad Company, for that por-
tion of the work lying between the tracks of
their road, and for a distance of two feet on
each side; by the owners of private property
lyingand abutting on Pennsylvaniaavenue, and
in proportion to their frontage thereon, for that
portion of the work in front of their lots or
parts of lots from the curb line of the avenue
to the line two feet from the track of the rail-
road; by the corporation of Washington for
the intersections of all streets and avenues,
and opposite to all public parks lying and
abutting on the avenue, except such portions
of the intersections lying between the tracks
of the Washington and Georgetown Railroad
Company, and two feet on each side thereof,
which are to be paid by the companj'. The
railroad company is to have the right to con-
struct that portion of the pavement which it is
required to pay for under the direction of the
commissioners, and it' it shall not construct,
that portion of the work with the same material,
except between the rails, in as satisfactory a
manner and as rapidly as the residue of the
work shall be constructed, then it is to bd con-
structed under the direction of the commis-
sioners in the same manner as the other portion
of the work. The railroad company is to have
the right to select the material with which the
pavement between the rails on each track shall
be made; bat the pavement on the tracks is to
be made to the satisfaction of the commission-
ers. The lessees of Market square-, between
Seventh and Ninth streets, are to pay for that
portion of the pavement between the square
and the line two feet from the railroad track.
The portion of the pavement lying between
the Botanic Gardens and aline two feet out-
side of the track of the railroad company is to
be paid for by the United States Government,;
but the cost of laying such pavement is not to
exceed the sum of four dollars per square yard.
The assessment is to be made by the com-
mission authorized, and the sums found due
are to bo collected and held as a special fund
by the collector of Washington, in accordance
with existing laws ; and the moneys collected
and held are to be paid by him to the contractors
for the work authorized on the warrant or order
of the commission in such amounts and at such
times as they may deem safe and proper in
view of the progress of the work. If the
Washington and Georgetown Railroad Com-
pany, or any private citizen, or other corpor-
ation or person, shall neglect or refuse to pay
the amount assessed for the paving therein
authorized (within thirty days after the notifi-
cation of such assessment shall have been left
at the property assessed) in front of or adjoin-
ing their propeity, when the woik so fronting
or adjoining their propeity shall have been
completed to the satisfaction of the commis-
sion and assessed by them, the commission is
to issue certificates of indebtedness against the
property, which certificates are to bear interest
a.t the rate of ten per cent, per annum until
paid, and which, until they are paid, are to
remain and be a lien upon the property cn or
against which they are issued ; and if the cer-
tificates are not paid within one year the com-
mission, upon the application of the holder
thereof, are to proceed to sell the property
against which they are issued, or so much
tnereof as may he necessary to pay the tax,
such sales to be first duly advertised, daily, for
three successive weeks, in some newspaper
published in the city of Washington, and to be
made at public auction to the highest bidder;
and a deed given by the commission in pursu-
ance thereof is to be deemed and held to be a
good and perfect title to any property bought
at such sale; but the owner of the real estate
is to have the right to redeem the property sold
by paying the amount of purchase-money and
twenty per cent, on the amount of the purchase
within one gear from the date of the sale.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN._ I move to amend the bill
in section three, line twenty-nine, by inserting
after the word "rails" the words "and be-
tween the tracks," and in the same section,
line thirty-seven, after the word ''rails," by
inserting "and between the tracks." The
effect of the amendment is this: by the present
bill the railroad company are authorized to *
pave between their rails with whatever material
they may choose, subject to the general super-
vision of the commission named in the bill, but
there is a space of six feet between the two
tracks which they are not required under the
bill to pave precisely as the other portions of
the street are paved. This is to require that.
It is eminentlyjust; it is right and it is proper;
and I think I may say the amendment meets not
only my approval, but the approval of the com-
mittee of the House.
The amendment was agreed "to.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 wish to inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Maine whether this bill
provides for any particular description of pave-
ment that is to be used in the paving ot this
avenue.
^ Mr. HAMLIN. It does not. It leaves that
to a commission consisting of the Secretary of
the Interior, General Michler, and the mayor
of the city. We assume to know nothing about
it. We did not assume it; we did not kuow
it; and we appointed these gentlemen, emi-
nent in their profession and in their knowledge
of all the circumstances, who are to examine
the whole thing, and the work is to be dono
under their direction and according to their
determination.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to ask the Senator
from Maine whether this bill provides for the
future repaving of the avenue, if it should be
necessary, or whether we shall have to enact
a law each time that a pavement has to be put
down ? Should not this bill provide for tha
paving hereafter, according to the same pro-
portions as are now provided in this hill?
Heretofore there has been a great difficulty
between the Government and the citizens here
as to what portion the Government should
pay and what portion the citizens should pay.
It seems to me that that matter ought to bo
determined now by this bill, so that hereafter,
in case of future paving, they shall both pay
in the same proportion, and so that there may
be no further trouble about it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think we had better take
this bill with this single amendment just as it
is. On the various avenues which shall be
paved you have to determine the rate each
party shall pay very much according to the cir
cumstances. The squares of property which
may be owned by the Government make it
