1870.
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1817
tion of duty on tea, coffee, &c., the products
of tropical countries, and for such readjust-
ment of duty on articles made in this country
as will sustain the wages of the American
mechanic and the market of the American
farmer.
Also, the petition of Henry Berry and 71
others, workers in carpet manufacture at Ger-
inantown, Philadelphia county, Pennsylvania,
protesting against any change in the tariff laws
suggested by a free-trade league, and praying
for reduction of duty on tea, coffee, drugs,
spices, &c., and such readjustment of duty on
articles made in this country as will prevent
frauds on the custom-house, maintain home
industry, and sustain the wages of the Ameri-
can mechanic and the market of the American
farmer.
Also, a petition of 29 workmen in hosiery
manufacture at Germantown, in Philadelphia
county, Pennsylvania, protesting against any
change iu the tariff laws suggested by a free-
trade league, and praying for reduction of duty
on tea, coffee, and other necessaries not pro-
duced in this country, and such readjustment
of duty on domestic manufactures as will pro-
tect home industry.
Also, a petition of 51 workingmen of Bucks
comity, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
free trade, and praying for a redaction of duty
on tea, coffee, &c., and such readjustment of
duty on American productions as will sustain
home interests.
By Mr. SCOFIELD: The petition of W. J.
Watkins and 160 others, citizens of Erie, Erie i
county, Pennsylvania, protesting against any
change in the tariff laws suggested by a free-
trade league, and praying for a reduction of
duty on tea, coffee,.and other necessaries not
produced in this country, and for such read-
justment of duty on home productions as will
sustain the wages of the American mechanic
and the market of the American farmer. !
By Mr. STILES s The petition of Richard ;
W. Pascoe and 22-5 others, workingmen in the
Lehigh Zinc Works, in Friedensville, Lehigh
county, Pennsylvania, protesting against-any
change in the tariff laws suggested by a free-
trade league, and praying for reduction of duty
on tea, coffee, and other necessaries not pro-
duced in this country, and such readjustment
of duty on articles made in this country as will
prevent frauds on the customs, maintain home
industry, and sustain the wages of the Ameri-
can mechanic and the market of the American j
farmer. |
Also, the petition of Joseph Barber and 59 |
others, mechanics and laborers in Allentown,
Lehigh connty, Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against any change in the tariff laws suggested j
by a free-trade league, and praying for reduc-1
tion of duty on the products of tropical coun-
tries, and such readjustment of duty on arti-
cles made in this countryaswillpreventfrauds .
on the custom-house, maintain home industry, ■
and sustain the wages of the American mechanic
and the market of the American farmer.
Also, the petition of Thomas Robinson and
75 others, iron-workers id Conshohocken,
Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against any change in the tariff laws
suggested by a free-trade league, and. praying
for reduction of duty ontea, coffee, drugs,
spices, &c., the products of tropical countries,
and such readjustment of duty on articles of
home manufacture as will prevent frauds on
the custom-housp, maintain home industry,
and sustain the wages of the American working-
man and the market of the American farmer.
Also, a petition of 19 mechanics and work-
ingmen of Cheltenham, Montgomery county,
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against free trade,
and praying for * reduction of duty on. tea,
coffee, &c., the products of foreign countries,
and such readjustment of duty on home pro-
ducts as will sustain' the wages of the Amer-
ican workingman. .
By Mr. STOUGHTON: The memorial of
George I. Croze tte, Thomas Mitchell,F. I.
Morse, J. Mark Harvey, A. Hagenbauch,
James Wolf, L. T. Hull, and William W. Har-
vey, residents and business men of Constan-
tine, Michigan, asking for the passage of a law
providing for and authorizing the redemption or
conversion of legal-tender notes at the option
of the holders by issuing therefor United States
bonds of the denomination of $1,000 or a mul-
tiple thereof, bearing interest at the rate of
three and sixty-five hundredths per cent., and
payable on demand in legal-tender notes.
By Mr. TO WNSEND: The petition of Robert
L. Cooper and 50 others, operatives in the
woolen factory of John Fox, at Media, Dela-
ware county, Pennsylvania, protesting against
any change in the tariff laws suggested by a free-
trade league, and praying for a reduction of
duty on tea, coffee, and other necessaries not
produced in this country, and such readjust-
ment of duty on home productions as will sus-
tain the wages of the American mechanic and
the market of the American farmer.
Also, the petition of Andrew Outterson and
34 others, workers in paper manufacture at
Glen Mills, Delaware county, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against any change in the tariff
laws suggested by a free-trade league, and
praying for a reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
drugs, spices, &c., the products of tropical
countries, and such readjustment of duty on
articles made in this country as will prevent
frauds on the customs, maintain home indus-
try, and sustain the wages of the American
mechanic and the market of the American
farmer.
Also, the petition of William Blakely,and 30
Others, workers in Miller & Allen'a machine-
shop at Chester, Delaware county, Pennsyl-
vania, protesting against any change in the
tariff laws suggested by a free-trade league,
and praying for reduction of duty on tea, coffee,
drugs, spices, &c., and such readjustment of
duty on articles made in this country as will
give protection to home industry.
Also, the petition of Charles Brown and 91
others, operatives in Bancroft's cotton and
woolen mills at Media. Delaware county, Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating against any change in
the tariff laws suggested by a free-trade league
representing alien interests,, and praying fop
a reduction of daty pa tea, coffee, and other
necessaries not produced in.this coqntry, and
such readjustment of duty on articles of home
inanu&cture as will sustain domestic industry.
Also, a petition of 18 workers in Whitely,
Brothers & Co.'s cotton factory at Cardington,
Delaware county, Pennsylvania, protesting
against any change in the tariff laws suggested
by a free-trade league, and praying for a reduc-
tion of duty on tea, coffee, and other neces-
saries not produced in this country.
Also, a petition of 30 operatives in cotton
mills in Delaware county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for a redaction of duty on tea and coffee,
and for readjustment of duty on articles made in
this country for the benefit of home industry.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Harriet
Lewis, for arrears -of pension.
By Mr. WILLARD: The petition of J. J.
Hill and others, of Sunderland, Vermont,pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 10, 1*870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
house bill beterred.
The bill (H. B. No. 1467) to construe cer-
tain acts therein cited in relation to pensions,
approved July 27, 1868, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
petitions and memorials.
, Mr. CONKXiING. I present the memorial
of I.. C. Van Rensselaer and many other citi-
zens of Cazenovia, in the State of New York,
protesting against the revival of the income
tax, calling attention to the fact that the law
provides that it shall continue until 1870 and
no longer, and characterizing it as an injurious
and pernicious tax, against the continuance of
which they remonstrate. I move that the re-
monstrance be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWELL presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Iowa, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a daily mail from Postville to
Waukon in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. OSBORN presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Florida, asking an appro-
priation for the restoration of the light-house
and buoys at Mosquito inlet, which were de-
stroyed many years ago; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Irving H. Russell, Lee county, Virginia; of
Chadwell Britton, Lee county, Virginia; of
William D. Branch, Lynchburg, Virginia; of
J. P. Epperly, Patrick county, Virginia; of
Harvey H. Hall, Lee county, Virginia; of
Floyd Smith, Montgomery county, Virginia;
of William M. Gillespie, Tazewell county,
Virginia; of Benjamin R. Linkouse, Mont-
gomery county,Virginia; of H. R. Bogle, Taze-
well county, Virginia ; of A. J. May, Tazewell
county, Virginia; of Thompson S. Crockett,
Wythe county, Virginia; of Samuel McPher-
son, Lee county, Virginia; of Edward Tatum>
Patrick county, Virginia; of Russel Carper,
Montgomery county, Virginia; of W. H. Street,
Winchester, Virginia ; of Hardy Chapman,
Isle of Wight county, Virginia; of John H.
Allen, Wythe county, Virginia; of S. H.
Nowlin, Roanoke county, Virginia; of Charles
Lunsford, Roanoke county, Virginia; of Irvin
W< Duck, Isle of Wight county, Virginia; of
George H. Derkins, Tazewell county, Virginia;
of S. Barnes, Charles Ross, and Thomas F.
Bennett, Patrick county, Virginia ; of A. T.
Mooklar, King William connty, Virginia ; of
Henry Tuggle, Patrick county, Virginia; of
John W. Gates, Patrick county, Virginia; of
Jopah T. Mitchell, Henry county, Virginia;
of E. B, Turner, Patrick county, Virginia, and
of James M. French, Bland county, Virginia,
praying for theremoval oftheir pqliticaldisabili-
ties; which were referred to the select Commit'
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. REVELS presented the petition of Law-
rence S. Speed and other colored members of
the Legislature of Alabama, asking Congress
to speedily remove the political disabilities of
Henry R. Shorter ;■ which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities^ _ . ;
He also presented a petition of-reitizens of
Mississippi, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table, t
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Niagara county, New York, remon-
strating against the passage of a bill for the
construction of a bridge across Niagara river,
at or near Buffalo; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SAWYERpresented the petition of Nor:
man Williams, Liberty county, Georgia, pray-
ing for the removal of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. MORTON. I present the petition of
Mrs. Caroline R. Wright, widow of the lftte
Hon.. Joseph A. Wright, asking Congress to
reimburse to her expenses incurred by her hus-
band as representative of our Government at
the international exposition at Hamburg in
1863, he having-been appointed for that pur-
pose by President Lincoln, and also for com-
pensation for his services. I move that this
petition be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.'
