1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5593
the services, claims, and expenditures of said
office on behalf of the United States.
Thcameudineiitsof the Senate were to strike
out$7,451 CO " and to insert "$6,101 66;''
also to strikeout "$3,986,04" and to insert
"$3,403 38."
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
brazil mail steamship company.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendment to the bill (H. R. No.
2244) for the relief of the Brazil Mail Steam-
ship Company.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
only amendment is a change in the title of the
bill. I hope the gentleman will not object.
Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw the objection.
The amendment was read as follows :
Amend the title of the bill so as to read: "An act
for the relief ol' the United States andBrazilSteam-
ehip Company."
The amendment was concurred in.
national banks in liquidation.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendment to the bill (H. E. No.
2002) to require national banks going into
liquidaiion to retire their circulating notes.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that the bill be
reported.
The bill was read. It provides that every
bank that has heretofore gone into liquidation
under the provisions of section forty-two of
the national currency act, shall be required to
deposit lawful money of the United States for
its outstanding circulation within sixty days
from the date of the passage of this act. Every
bank that may hereafter go into liquidation is
to be required to deposit lawful money of the
United States for its outstanding circulation
within sixty days from the date of the vote to
go into liquidaiion; whereupon the bonds
pledged as security for such circulation shall
be surrendered to the association making such
deposit. If any bank shall fail to make the
deposit and take up its bonds for thirty days
after the expiration of the time specified, the
Comptroller of the Currency is empowered to
sell the bonds pledged for the circulation of
said bank at public auction in New York city ;
and after providing for the redemption and
cancellation of said circulation, and the neces-
sary expenses of the sale, to pay over any
balance remaining from the proceeds to the
bank or its legal representative. Banks which
are winding up in good faith, for the purpose
of consolidating with other banks, are to be
exempt from the provisions of this act. The
assets' and liabilities of banks so in liquida-
tion are to be reported by the banks with which
they are in process of consolidation.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
In line eleven strike out "sixty days" and insert
"six months."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was
concurred in; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
forfeiture of railkoad grant.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendment to the bill (EE. R. No. 2359)
to declare forfeited to the United States cer-
tain lands granted to the State of Louisiana to
aid in the construction of a railroad therein.
The bill, which was read, declares all the
lands which were granted by Congress in the
year 1856 to the State of Louisiana, to aid in
the construction of the New Orleans, Ope-
lousas, and Great Western railroad, and which
have not been lawfully disposed of by the State
under the grant, which has expired by limita-
tion. or by act of Congress since the original
grant, forfeited to ihe United States, and that
they shall henceforward be subject to home-
stead entry and settlement, under the act of
Congress approved June 21, 1866, for the dis-
posal of the public lands for homestead actual
settlement in the States named in that act,
precisely as are other public lands therein, •
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Strike out the following words: "And shall hence-
forward be subject to homestead entry and settle-
ment, under the act of Congress approved June 21,
1866, for the disposal of the public lands for home-
stead and actual settlement in the States named in
said act, precisely as are other public lands therein;"
and insert in lieu thereof: "And these lands shall
be hereafter disposed ot as other public lands of the
United States."
The amendment was concurred in.
election of representatives.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
1705) to fix the time for the election of Repre-
sentatives and Delegates in the Congress of the
United States;
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. JUDD. I should like to know who
objects. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. ThegentlemanfromPeun-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] objects.
j. alden ratiibun.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendment to the bill (H. 11. No.
1721) for the relief of J. Alden ltathbun, post-
master of Mystic Bridge, Connecticut.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
be paid to J. Alden Rathbun, postmaster of Mys-
tic Bridge, Connecticut, outof any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $375, the amount of postal stamps deposited
for safety in the First Natioual Bank of Mystic
Bridge, and stolen therefrom by burglars on
the night of July 28, 1887, without fault or
negligence on the part of the postmaster, and
i which he has accounted for to the proper
1 accounting officers of the Treasury,
The amendment of the Senate was read as
follows:
Strike out "S37o" and insert in lieu thereof "$365."
The amendment was concurred in.
schooner l. s. davis.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendment to the bill (EL R. No.
2209) to carry into effect the decree of the cir-
cuit court of the United States for the southern
district of New York in the case of the schooner
L. S. Davis.
Mr. POLAND. I desire that the Senate
amendment be non-concurred in. Itis founded
upon a mistake.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman ob-
jects. The bill will be returned to the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. BINGHAM. Can we not amend any
. bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair, during the
; execution of this order, cannot entertain any
motion to amend.
bridge across big wabash river.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendment to joint resolution (H.
R. No. 231) granting to the Evansville and
Southern Illinois Railroad Company the right
to build a bridge across the Big Wabash river.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows :
Add at the end of the bill the following:
An<i provided fiwlher, Tiiat in case^tlie said bridge
is built with a continuous span thepiers shall be at
least two hundred feet apart, and the bridge thall be
built to such height as not to interfere with thenav-
igation of said river by steamboats.
The amendment was concurred in.
joseph and mattiiew 31. meruiman.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
amendments of the Senate to the joint resolu-
tion (H. II. No. 208) for the relief of Joseph
and Matthew M. Merriam, of Hartford, Con-
necticut.
The joint resolution provides that the Sec-
rotary of the Treasury be, and is hereby, au-
thorized and directed to cause to be refunded
to Joseph and Matthew M. Merriam, of Hart-
ford, in the State of Connecticut, the sum of
$2,880 96, a tax upon sales erroneously as-
sessed and collected 31st January, 1867, and
not authorized by a proper construction of the
internal revenue laws of the United States.
The amendments of the Senate were read
as follows:
Amend by striking out " Merriam " and inserting
" Merriman." Amend the title in the same way.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ments were concurred in; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
extension of preemption laws.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
Senate amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 1986)
to extend the provisions of thepreemption laws
to the Territory of 6olojja.do, and for other
purposes.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
privileges of the act of May 30, 1862, entitled
"An act to reduce the expenses of the survey
and sale of the public lands in the United
States" be, and the same are hereby, extended
to Colorado; and the proviso of the first sec-
tion of the act approved June 2, 1862, entitled
"An act to establish a land office in the Terri-
tory of Colorado, and for other purposes," is
hereby repealed.
The amendment of the Senate was to add the
following new section:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
the act of Congress approved March 27, 18j4, entitled
"An act for the rolief of settlers on lands reserved
for railroad purposes," shall be construed to relieve
such settlers from the obligation to file the proper
notices of their claims, as in other cases, ana all
claimants of preemption rights shall hereafter, when
no shorter period of time is now prescribed by law,
make the proper proof and payment for the lands
claimed within eighteen months after the date pre-
scribed for filing their declaratory notices shall have
expired: Provided, That where said date shallhave
elapsed before the passage of this act said preeropt-
ors shall ha.ve one year after the passage hereof m
which to make such proof and payment.
Mr. JULIAN. I would like to examine that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then let it be referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, _
There was no objection : and the bill and
amendment were so referred.
fort dakota military reservation.
The next business on the Speaker's table
were amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 569) to vacate the Fort Dakota military
reservation, in the Territory of Dakota, and for
other purposes.
The first section of the bill, which was read,
provides that the military reservation at Fort
Dakota, in the couuty of Minnehaha, and Ter-
ritory of Dakota, be, and the same is thereby,
vacated, and the lands embraced in said reser-
vation shall be subject to private entry under
the provisions of the preemption and home-
stead laws of the United States, except so much
thereof as may be embraced in sections here-
tofore reserved for school purposes; provided
that nothing in the act shall be so construed
as to interfere with any rights which may have
accrued previous to the withdrawal of said
lands for the purposes of such reservation ;
and provided also that any improvements on
said reservation made by the military authori-
ties prior to its relinquishment by the Secre-
tary of War shall be appraised by the register
and receiver of the land office of the district
in which said reservation is situated, and paid
for by the purchaser of the lands on which the
same are located. The second section of the
bill provides that the act shall take effect and
be ill force from and after its passage and
approval.
The amendments of the Senate were read, as
follows :
At the end of the first section add the followui?:
And nrmyi'led That no patent tuail i'Mie
for anv'portion o£ said land until the imuioveni3uia
