506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
would appear to be obsolete are revived or
renewed by this bill. If the honorable Sen-
ator will explain why that is I shall be obliged
to him.
Mr. HAMLIN. The company was char-
tered in 1881. In 1837 an additional act ex-
tending itand granting some additionalpowers,
made thereby a part of the charter, was passed.
In 1851 another bill was passed giving them
some additional powers. This bill simply con-
tinues the three acts, which together constitute
the charter.
Sir. CONKLING. Andallowsthem to have
an office in Washington and Georgetown be-
sides?
Mr. HAMLTN. The original act confined
them in their office in the District of Columbia
to Georgetown. They now ask, if they choose
so to elect, to have an office in the city of
Washington.
Mr. CONKLING. So that they will have
only one office?"
Mr. HAMLIN. Only one office.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARLAN. I have been requested by
citizens of Washington to ask leave to intro-
duce a bill. I do so, expressing no opinion as
to its merits either way, and ask that it be read
twice, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and printed.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 899) to authorize
the paving and sewerage of M street, Wash-
ington, District of Columbia; which was read
tu*ice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 400) for the relief of Major J. W. Nichols,
paymaster United States Army; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
"" - Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 401) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the States of
Missouri and Arkansas to the Pacific coast by
the southern route," approved July 27, 1866;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 402) to amend an act entitled " An act
relating to the postal laws," approved March
3, 1865 ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM TOLLAKD.
Mr. WARNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Ifesolved. That the Secretary of the Navy be directed
to furnish the Senate with the facts connected with
the dismissal from the Navy of William Pollard, as
eccond assistant engineer, October 2G. 1867.
IIENltY MAHLER.
Mr. CONKLING. I offer the following
resolution, and ask that it be adopted :
Itesolved, That tho Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions be instructed to inquire whether Henry Mahler,
a citizen of Prussia, has any claims against the pro-
prietors or managers of tho French cable which
should be regarded or protected by the Congress of
the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection to the consideration of the resolution
it is before the Senate. The resolution is pend-
ing.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to mo that this
petitioner should be directed rather to exhibit
his claim and his evidence, that the committee
may examine it. It seems to me that this is
imposing a good deal of labor on the commit-
tee. The committee is to go about and find
the evidence and make inquiry into the matter.
Where shall the committee stop? Shall they
investigate the relations of everybody with the
French, cable—of citizens perhaps of Sweden,
perhaps of England? Notoriously, English
subjects are connected with the French cable.
Shall we undertake to sit in judgment on thoSe
relations ? It seems to me that we are embark-
ing in a very wide field. As representing the
Committee on Foreign Relations, I shall not
object to any reference that the Senate think
expedient to make, but I must call the atten-
tion of my friend to the largeness of the com-
mission which he proposes to intrust .to the
committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the other mem-
bers of the Senate will see as I see, how nar-
row this is. If the Senator had made his sug-
gestion as a contribution to my request, that
the petition of this memorialist should be re-
ceived, I think it would have been cogent, and
now I have offered the resolution in order to
accomplish what I sought to do by presenting
a memorial which is very brief and intelligible,
which I hold in my hand, and which, when the
Senate has adopted the resolution, if they will,
I propose to hand with the resolution to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, in order that
by a glance of the eye at the memorial they
may see whether anything in behalf of this
memorialist should be carried into any bill be-
fore them. That is all that anybody proposes
the committee should do—take notice of this
memorial, which I said a few minutes ago is
not only respectful and persuasive, but very
intelligible iu its terms, and, I will add now, is
very brief.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr.President, if the Senate,
according to its usage, cannot receive a peti-
tion or memorial from a foreign citizen, can
the same object be accomplished indirectly?
Now, I understand that the Senator from New
York, failing to obtain the reception of the
memorial which he presented, seeks to accom-
plish the same end in another way. He intro-
duces a resolution imposing upon a committee
of this body the duty of inquiring into the very
matters set forth in the memorial. Is it ex-
pedient for the Senate to authorize such an
inquiry? If the inquiry could not be undertaken
on the memorial itself, should it be undertaken
on a resolution which is by the avowal of the
Senator based on that memorial ?
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make an inquiry ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. If for a special reason a
foreigner has not a right to petition, that right
pertaining to our own citizens, does the Sen-
ator also think that if the Government of the
United States owes a debt to a foreiguer we
are not bound to pay it ?
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I do not see the
force of the similitude which the Senator seeks
to make between his non-capacity to present a
petition and the impropriety of his asking to
hand his evidence to a committee in order that"
they may see whether he ought to have any
place for him provided by legislation.
Mr. SUMNER. I think before the Senate
acts oa a resolution of this character, which is
a case of first impression, I believe—I doubt
whether any similar motion has ever before
been presented—it would be better it should
lie over a day.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator think
this is the first time a resolution has been pre-
sented directing an inquiry in which any per-
son not a citizen was interested ?
Mr. SUMNER. No, I do not; but I think
it is the first time a resolution has been pre-
sented directing an inquiry into the subject-
matter of the petition oi a foreigner which has
been already refused by the Senate. That I
think is unprecedented.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the Senator puts
this on the ground that the petition has been
refused by the Senate?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to throw
myself in the way of any object of the Senator.
I hope he will understand that. My only de-
sire is to keep the usage of the Senate in har-
mony with itself and with reason.
Mr. CONKLING. I need not say to the
Senate that I never saw this memorialist nor
did I ever hear of him except that he is a man
of culture, an inventor, a professor in a college,
a citizen of a foreign country:, of high respecta-
bility and merit, as I am informed. He has,
or thinks he has, a claim, very simple and con-
cise in its statement, of which notice should be
taken and which pertains to a subject that is
now before us as a matter of legislation, and
may recur again and again as the subject of
legislation. By a, resolution I seek a vehicle
by which I can hand to the committee of this
body which has the subject in charge a respect-
ful and brief statement made by this gentle-
man, and that is the occasion of the somewhat
imposing opposition which the Senator from
Massachusetts feels called upon to make ; and
perhaps it would have been better, at least for
the convenience of the Senate, and possibly as
well for the fate of the memorialist, that I
should not have attempted to bring his case
before the Senate without at least having, if
possible, in advance insured the concurrence
of the honorable Seuator from Massachusetts.
But it is presented, and I hope that the Senate
without some good reason will not refuse to this
respectful stranger the very small requestwhich
he makes now, to be permitted to hand his state-
ment to a committee, which, upon reading it,
will throw it aside forever if they deem it un-
worthy, or to which, if it has any merit, they
will give a place in some consideration which
may obtain in regard to the subject.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, if the Sen-
ator from New York will pardon me, I would
suggest the way which would have occurred to
me had I been intrusted with that petition.
Possibly my way is not the correct way; but I
think it would be as effective as that the Sen-
ator has proposed and entirely in conformity
with usage. It would be for the Senator pri-
vately, by a private note from his desk ad-
dressed to the committee, to communicate this
petition and ask for it their attention when they
were considering the subject to which it refers.
That, I believe, would be in entire harmony
with the usage of this body. The course that
the Senator proposes I think is not in har-
mony with that usage, and I most respectfully
submit that it does seek to do by indirection
what the Chair has already ruled cannot be done
directly.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I have
only to say as to the way the Senator proposes
that his ways are ways of pleasantness, and
all his paths are peace;" but I shall never at-
tempt in my own right as an individual to write
a note which shall be in any sense, however
feeble, a behest to the Committee on Foreign
Relations of this body to consider any subject
whatever. I have too just an appreciation of
the dimensions of that committee and of my
own dimensions ever to venture upon an ex-
periment so rash and untried as that. My
impression is that it would require at least the
suggestion of the entire body of the Senate to
move that committee. Certainly so small a
part of the Senate as I am would be entirely
incompetent to such a task.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
RETIRED ARMY" OFFICERS.
_ Mr. WILSON. I move to take up for con-
sideration House bill No. 238. I am sure it
will take but a few moments.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 238) relating to retired officers of the
Army was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that no retired officer of
