2762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] to withdraw bis amend-
ment.
Mr. COX. I will withdraw the amendment;
but I hope we shall have a vote on the propo-
sition to fix the duty on pig iron at $3 per ton.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the pending paragraph and inserting
the following :
On pig iron, scrap iron, and all manufactured iron,
there shall be a reduction of existing rates of duty
equal to 20 per cent., or one fifth of the present
jates: Provided, That in no case shall said rate of
duly on manufactured iron be reduced to less than
~S.) per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to call attention for
a moment to this question of iron ; and I will
say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] who has just taken his seat that I
think it is better to make arguments with ref-
erence to this question than to indulge in
denunciations of any person. I do not agree
with the Special Commissioner of the Revenue
in reference to some of his recommendations ;
but I accord to him the same honesty of purpose
in his recommendations that J accord to gen-
tlemen on this floor who are in favor of or
opposed to particular amendments.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish simply to say to my
colleague on the committee [Mr. Allisok]
that I alluded to Mr. Wells because both of
the gentlemen who had preceded me had relied
on him as the highest possible authority.
Mr. ALLISON. Now, Mr. Chairman, Ihave
no doubt that every article of manufactured
iron will bear a reduction of duty, and no arti-
cle so well as pig iron. I care not what man-
ufacturers may say with reference to the cost
of producing pig iron. I know that in the
anthracite region of Pennsylvania before 1860
and during that year it cost only $15 a ton to
manufacture pig iron with anthracite coal. I
know that in other regions of this country in
1860 and before it cost only $18 a ton to man-
ufacture iron with coal. I know that in the
State of Missouri to-day it costs but $22 a
ton to manufacture pig iron under somewhat
unfavorable circumstances, because the fur-
naces are not perhaps so well located as they
might be for convenience and cheapness of
manufacture.
It will not do for gentlemen to say that these
reports which have been made are untrue. The
statement of the Carondeletlron-Works, taken
from their books for seven months ending last
July, shows that the lowest cost of producing
pig iron was $21, while the highest was $25 80,
the average cost being less than $24 per ton
for manufacturing pig iron in the State of Mis-
souri. During all this time the price of pig
iron of the character of that produced at those
works was from $30 to $40 per ton. There-
fore, Mr. Chairman, the present duty on this
article is too high; and we are not to be
driven from a reduction of these duties by
a statement that we shall throw out of employ-
ment the men engaged in our iron-works.
Turn to the statistics between 1846 and 1860,
under what our friends on this floor call a free-
trade tariff, and you will find that the pig-
iron industry was stimulated and encouraged
as it never was encouraged before. I have
them before me. I find in the anthracite re-
gions of Pennsylvania in 1854, 200,000 tons
were produced ; in 1855, 255,000 tons, and in
1850, over 800,000 tons ; and if' you will run
through the production of pig iron from year
to year, during the years of this so-called free-
trade tariff, you will find the production of
pig iron was always on the increase. It was
because of the increased demand for this article.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
iey] said the duty on pig iron was then 30 per
cent. It was 30 per cent, up to 1856, and then
40 per cent. What is 30 per cent.? Is it $9
a ton, when it costs only $15 a ton to manu-
facture a ton of pig iron? It is no more than
$1 50 a ton. It costless per ton to manu-
facture pig iron that ypar; but the average rate
of duty, under what these gentlemen denom-
inate a free-trade tariff was less than $4 a
ton, as gentlemen will find by referring to
the statistics. Therefore it is not because
of the rate of duty this pig-iron_ industry has
increased, or that this pig-iron industry is to
increase; but it is because of the increasing
demands of the products of iron, which we can
only meet by cheapening pig iron so that the
manufacturers can use this article for the vari-
ous purposes to which pig iron is applied.
This duty on pig iron ought to be reduced, as
I believe the other duties ought to be reduced,
because the internal revenue taxes have been
taken off. The internal revenue taxes on these
articles of manufactured iron were enormous
during the years of the war. In the district
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mon-
rell,] representing the seventeenth district, I
find on pig iron alone they paid $109,000. In
the tenth district of that State on pig iron
alone they paid taxes to the amount of $95,000.
Now all these taxes on pig iron and on all
manufactured iron have been absolutely swept
away, amounting in many districts to $500,000;
and after this reduction of internal taxes I be-
lieve that the duty on raw iron or pig iron, and
upon every other class of iron, should be re-
duced reasonably. I do not wish in any respect
to injure any interest of this country; but now
that the internal revenue taxes have been taken
off pig iron and manufactured iron, I think if
the time is ever to come it has now arrived
when we should reduce these duties on pig iron
and manufactured iron, so that the consumers
may have cheaper articles of manufactured
iron. I believe this can be done without any
injury at all or interfering at all with the great
iron industry of this country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Atjlison] ventured into
a dangerous field when he entered upon the
statistics in reference to our tariff. The pro-
duct of pig iron in the United States in 1856
was 874,428 tons. The tariff was reduced the
next year, and it never reached that product
again until after the tariff of 1857. It sank
from 874,428 to 798,157 tons in 1857, and to
705,094 tons in 1858, and to 840,427 tons in
1859. It did reach, in 1860, to 913,774 tons,
but it fell back to 731,564 tons in 1861, and to
787,662 tons in 1862. But what has it become
under the protection of $9 a ton? From
787,662 tons in 1862, it has gone up until in
1868 it reached 1,603,000 tons, and in 186'J to
over 1,900,000 tons. Under the tariff of 1857
it was not only stationary, but absolutely reced-
ing. Under the tariff you are proposing now
to modify it has gone up to more than twice
that amount, furnishing a market for mules
and oxen, corn, hay, oats, and wheat for the
support of man, all garden and field pro-
ducts, and wool for their clothing. This is a
question for the farmer and the iron-bearing
interests in the interior of the country.
Gentlemen from North Carolina, Georgia,
and Alabama, you travel over wide ranges of
coal and iron ore, and you travel through for-
ests that would make it into the finest iron.
Your people are poor, your land is abandoned;
you want industries other than those of agri-
culture ; and you are asked here, in the begin-
ning of the reconstruction of these States, to
close the door and make America one grand
market for English iron and English cloths,
embodying as they do the products produced
by the peasantry of Hungary and around the
shores of the Baltic. I plead for no manufac-
ture. I plead for the stricken people of the
South, that you will enable them to diversify
their industry. I speak for the farmers of the
Northwest, whose grain will not fetch a price
that will pay for transportation to distant mar-
kets. We are building up maikets. Another
decade of protection will give you a market
twice as wide as you now have for your live
stock, your laboring stock, your food for man
and beast, and your wool and cotton for the
clothing of the laboring man and his family.
These are the interests that are involved.
Now, what are the importations? Gentlemen
speak of this duty being prohibitory. I have
the London Financier here of so late a date as
March 4, 1870. And what does it say of your
tariff being prohibitory? In, an article headed
'"Increase in the export trade of the country,"
it says: " Our shipments to the United States
have augmented in this year £3,196,000 Ster-
ling." Their exports to this country, then, were
in 1869 $15,500;000 more than they were in the
preceding year* And yet gentlemen denounce
our tariff as prohibitory. What proportion of
their rails do you take? You take more than
all other countries together, and rails are made
of pig iron. I have here the circular from the
leading rail establishment of England, S. W.
Hopkins & Co., exporters of iron, 58 Old
Broad street, London, February 28, 1870. It
appears from their circular that the export in
1869 to the United States was 300,446 tons of
rails; to -British America, 23,990 tons; to
British India, 98,756 tons; to Australia, 23,311
tons. So that the United States take from
Great Britain nearly three tons of railroad iron
for every one that is taken by all the English-
speaking provinces of'the empire.
[Here the hammer fell.]
MESSAGE FKOM" THE SENATE.
Here the committee informally rose, and a
message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Gorham, its Secretary, which announced that
the Senate had receded from its amendments
to the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives relative to printing the report of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office.
The message also announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 215) to amend the
usury laws of the District of Columbia.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill (S. No. 167) to amend an
act entitled "An act to protect the rights of
actual settlers upon the public lands of the
United States," approved July 27, 1868, and
for other purposes, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
TARIFF BILL AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the motion
of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] is
exhausted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Irenewit.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
amendments to a paragraph have precedence
of a motion to strike out and insert.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the paragraph by inserting "5"
instead of "7." Mr. Chairman, I desire
to protect every manufactured article fairly.
I look upon pig iron as one of our most
important manufactures, and I desire to treat
it fairly and with due regard to the stability of
the interest. But I cannot fail to observe that
with a tariff of $9 a ton the importation of pig
iron alone is increased at the rate of 50 per
cent., and even a greater rate than that.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman is very ma-
terially mistaken, as is shown by the records
of the Treasury Department. If the gentleman
will permit me I will give the figures for 1868
and 18G9.
Mr. BUTLEIl, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman must excuse me. I have before me
reliable commercial statistics, and I will show
what are the facts in relation to pig iron. The
export of pig iron to the United States from
Great Britain for the month ending October
31, 1868, was 12.304 tons; for the month end-
ing October 31, 1809, it was 17,630 tons.
Mr. KELLEY. Ifthegentleman will permit
me, I will state what I find in the Treasury
report as the imports for the past three years.
The^amount imported in 1807 and certified by
our Treasury is 2.330,283 hundred weight; in
186S, 2,246,911 hundred weight; and iu 18G9,
2,066,139 hundred weight.
