870e
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
prepared now to go through the Departments)
and advance the salaries of one thousand female
clerics to the extent of $300,000. I ask that my
amendment be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. , As it has been
several days since these amendments were sub-'
milted the Secretary will read them. The first1
amendment is the amendment of the Senator
froi* Illinois, [Mr. TrJUMBUu-O
The Chief Clerk read the fimendme^t of Mr.:
Trumbull, as follows: •
Sic.—. And be it further matted,• That the com- ,
pensation of the female clerks, copyists, and counters ,
employed in the several Departments and bureaus,
whose appointments are made by the several beads
of Departments, under the provisions.of law, shall,
fro in and after tn e 30 th day of J one, 1870, be the same
as male clerks performing tbelike or similar services;
and it shall be tbo duty of the several heads of De-
partments so to classify said female employes as to
carry out the provisions of this section, and the
amountneoessary to pay the inoroased compensation
herein provided for for tho year ending June 30,1871,
is horeW appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated..
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sehatorfrom
Maine [Mr. Morrill] moved to strike out all
after the enaeting clause of the amendment,of
the Senator from,Illinois and to insert:
That the heads of the. several Departments are
hereby authorized to appoint'female clerks who may
be found to be competent and worthy to any of tho
grades of clerkships known to: tho law in the respect-
ive Departments, with the .compensation belonging
to the class to which the? are appointed.
Pending which the Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Corbett] moved to amend the proposition of
the Senator from Illinois so as to make it read:
_ That tt\e eompensation of the male olerks, copy-
ists, and counters employed in the several Depart- !
merits and biireaas, whose appointments are made
by the several heads of Departments under, the pro-
visions of law, shall, from and after the 30th day of
June, 1879, be the same as female clerks performing
the like or similar services; and it shall be the duty
of the several heads of Departments so to classify
e id. male employes as to oarr? oat the provisions of
this section.,
Mr. CORBETT. The Senator fro in, Ohio
informs me that in the classification this will
makean average of about five hundreddollars
on each of these employes. I' have supposed
this .would raise the salaries of one thousand
female clerks; but I have put it too low,, prob-
ably. , There may be, two thousand females
employed ia#11 the ;Department3, perhaps; I
do not, know the exact, number. . Can any
Senator state the exact number? - (
.Mr. POMEROY. Not more than half that
number.; ,. - >
Mr. CORBETT. ^thousand, then. , If it
affects a thtQuq^nd the.amendment of the,Senator
from Illinois-will increase their pay $500,000;
but if my amendment,is adopted, and you can
induce one . thousand more female clerks to
perform the duties .now performed by male
elefks, it will lessen the expensesorqethiug like
$500,000, making a difference of about a million
dollars, provided it shall affect one thousand
clerks eitbe^ way. , If if affects pne thousaud
male qlerks it makes a difference of $500,000;
consequently it will make a saving of $500,000
if tiny amendment is adopted, whereas if the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois is
adopted it will increase the expenses of the
Government about five hundred thousand dol-
lars.
It seems to me thatwe; are not prepared to
go into this advancing of salaries of this large
.number pf-clerks. Itis a, very large item, and
I dp not tiiink the people through the. country
will sustain n& itt this mqvement. It is,ft,very
ungracious task to object to such a proposition
I am aware, but I think we had better give a
greater number of employments in these De-
partments to .females at the average pay of
.seventy-five.dollar#.,a month, or $900 a year,
which is a very liberal pay and is more than
any other females get in any portion of the
country. I do not suppose any female clerks
in the dry-goods stores,, lace stores, &c., get
anything like that amount of salary.
It seems to me that w$ must look to this;
and if weare going to advance the wages of
these females we shall have a rash and a con-
stant press for these places, drawing here
females from other. employments, as clerks,
&c., throughout tl\e country, and it will work
very great detriment. At the moderate salary
which is now being paid, if they can be grad-
ually introduced and find employment, we shall
provide for a large number of females at fair
wages, and I should be very happy to do it;
and I have no doubt it will be a very great
benefit to the male cleark^ who are now being
employed, young men who can enter other
avenues of life, which will be much better for
them at the end of a few years than they are
now, I submit the question to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from .Oregon
to the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CORBETT called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I will state what this
amendment is. I have offered an amendment
to place females performing the same service
on the same footing as males in regard to pay.
The Senator from Oregon has offered an amend-
ment to reduce the pay Of the male clerks in
all the Departments to that received by females.
That is all there is to it.
The question being taken by-yeas and nays,
resulted—'yeas 6, nava 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Corbett, Flanagan, Fowler, Gil-
bert, McCreery, and Tipton—6.
NAY&—Messrs. Abbett,Bayard, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Cragin, Davis, Ferry, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Harris, Johnston, Kellogg, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt, Ross, Saulsbury, Scott, Sherman, Stewart,
Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, Trutnbull.Viokers, War-
ner. Willey, and Williams—38.
ABSENT1—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cat-
tell, Drake, "Edmunds, Fenton, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamlin, Howard, Ilowe, Howell, Lewis, Mc-
Donald, MorrMl of Vermont, Norton, Nye, Ramsey,
Revels, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer,
Sprague, Thurman, Wilson, and Yates—28.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Morrill] to the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]
to strike out all after the word "that," and
to insert:
The heads of the several Departments are horcby
authorized to appoint female clerks who may bo
found to be competent and worthy to any of the
graded of clerkships known to the law in the re-
spective Departments, with the compensation be-
longing to the class to which they are appointed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should not think it
necessary to say a wdrd about this matter, but
it is so many days since the Senate had it under
consideration that I apprehend it may not be
fresh in the memory of all Senators what will
be the effect of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Maine. I have already stated that
the object of the amendment which I offered
was to place the. females in regard to pay on
-the same footiiig.aa males in the Departments^
The Senator from Maine moves to strike this
out and-to insert a provision authorizing the
heads of the various Departments to appoint
females as clerks of all classes in their Depart-
ments. That is the law now, and nothing is
accomplished by the adoption of the Senator's
amendment. He movesitas a substitute, which
would strik§ out the provision-that is intended
to pay a female the same price, for performing
the same labor aa is. performed by a male clerk.
Now, if the Senator from Maine will offer his
as an amendment by way of addition, it would,
perhaps, correct the practice in the Depart-
ments. It is not the practice ih the various
Departments to appoint-females to first, sec-
ond, third, and fourth clatfs clferkships; but
thereis no law, so far as I am advised, to pre-
vent them from doing iso. If the Senator from
Maine thinks it proper to declare that the
Departments shall have authority to do so
affirmatively, I shall have no objection to it if
it be offered as an amendment to the proposi-
tion which I have offered; but "when it is offered
as a substitute it defeats the whole object of
my amendment. Nothing will be gained by
the adoption of hi? amendment as a substitute ;
and I hope, therefore, that the Senate will not
adopt it in that form.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not know
that I disagree with the Senator as to the legal
force of this proposition; nor would it be true,
if the Senator's proposition should be adopted,
that it does impose the obligation upon the
heads of Departments to appoint femaleclerks.
There is a usage regard to the appointment
of clerks in all the Departments which is equiv-
alent to law. Females have not been employed
as clerks, although the law authorizes it. VV hy ?
Because the general sense of the country, the
general sense of society, and perhaps espe-
cially of Congress, has not seemed to justify
it. Now, if it is a matter of law at the present
time, I submit to my friend that his amendment
is not necessary. If it is a matter of law now,
the only thing in order to effectuate what both
of us desire is an expression on the part of
Congress that it is a proper thing to do; such
an expression on the part of the legislative
power in making an appropriation for the ex-
penditures of the Government as would justify
the heads of Departments in employing this
kind of clerical service. My proposition cer-
tainly does secure that; while, on the other
hand, it.does not require that they should pay
a class of clerks or a class of persons who are
not in the category of clerks, who are counters
and who are employed in the printing depart-
ment of the Government, for instance—it does
not necessarily embrace them, but it does, as
a matter of moral force, commend to these
Departments in a sense which they can under-
stand and ina sense which they would undoubt-
edly adopt, the employn^pt of such skillful
persons, being females, as can properly take
the place of male clerks. I submit whether it
is worth while for Congress to go beyond that.
Mr. DAVIS. There .was, one view of the
idea presented by the Senator from Oregon
which struck me "with some force. I believe,
in reviewing the various -pursuits of life that
are assigned by the usages,^nd the customs of
the country to the male and female sexes, there
is a. very restricted and a very insufficient
number of proper theaters upon which females
can get a living by laborand by manual employ-
ment. . I believe that if the proper and appro-
priate theater of female employment could be
extended in its kinds by proper legislation it
would be desirable.
Now, it seems to me, as the honorable Sen-:
ator from Oregon suggested, that many females
would be exceedingly gratified to get employ-
mentat a salary of $900 or $1,000. Itoccurred
to me also that no male, especially no young
man, no man in good health, ought to be sat-
isfied to labor for that compensation. I think
the male sex should be constrained to leave
snch employments as will prodnce a remunera-
tion of $l,db0,.a year, and give them up wholly
and .exclusively to females, where they are ot'
such a nature as to make it proper that females
should be employed to perform that service.
If the proposition of the honorable Senator
from Oregon had embraced the idea of reducing
a large number of clerks in their compensation
to something like one thousand dollars per
annum, and giving-females the exclusive right
to be employed in sach grades of clerkships, it
would have commended itself somewhat to my
.judgment. I think that the fields, the manu-
facturing shops, and the rugged theaters of
labor should be usurped by the male sex, and
that females should be protected from taking
employment in such theaters to the full extent
that they can be by proper legislation.
I think, therefore, that if a classification
and discrimination of official salaries, so far
as clerks are concerned, and so far as the
duties that might be performed by females
could be made, so as to restrict the proper and
competent compensation for all such clerk-
ships to $1,000 and exclude males from being
employed in. such clerkships by making it the
