1870.
ME CONGRESSIONAL GT/JBK.
3707
duty of the appointing power to appoint female
clerks to them, it would greatly extend the
amount of female employment in clerkships in
the Government and would secure persons as
competent to perform their duties as thev are
now performed by male clerks, and probably
more so in many instances, and would give a
full remuneration to the female clerks, one
entirely satisfactory to them, and enable them
to live comfortably. It would bring plenty and
comfort to many poor women who are now
denied it, by giving them, the exclusive right
to be employed in clerkships with that amount
of compensation, by regulations that would
exclude males entirely from them. If the hon-
orable Senator from Oregon or any other Sen-
ator would offer a proposition embracing some-
thing like this idea, I should be very glad to
give it my support. *
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will allow me a moment, I will withdraw my
proposition as a substitute for the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois, and offer it as an
amendment, to that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As an addition?
Mr, MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. That is precisely what I
was going to suggest.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
it as an addition.
Mr. MORTON. I do not see that there is
any conflict between these two sections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois accepts the amendment to the amend-
ment, <ind it is therefore before the Senate as
a part of the arbendment.
Mr. MORTON. The effect of the amend-
ment offered by the Seuator from Illinois will
be to raise the wages of those who now receive
$900 a year to the wages of a first-class clerk-
ship. That will be the substantial effect of
it—to raise the wages of the females now em-
ployed to the wages of a first-class clerkship,
$1,200. The effect of the second section, or
the one offered by the Senator from Maine,
will be to open what are now called first, sec-
ond, third, and fourth class clerkships for the
appointment of ladies. Iam in favor of both
of these amendments, because they involve
two great principles: first, that all avenues of
employment which they are qualified to fill
shall be open to women; and secondly, that
they shall receive the same compensation for
the same kind and quantity of labor that men
rgefeive*
Mr. POMEROY. I will not add any remarks
of any length to the remarks of the Senator
from Indiana, because he has so well said what
I would gladly have said. I will only say that
there is constantly an effort made to keep
women who are employed from getting ''out
of their sphere;" and very much has been
written atid said on that subject, as if they had
a peculiar sphere. I only wish to say now that
this is really the sphere in which they can be
profitably, and, I think, acceptably employed.
I think men are getting out of their sphere
when they monopolize the clerical positions in
the Government service and become_ mere
copyists. That is the reason why I think we
ouo-ht not only to vote for the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois, but also for the addi-
tion proposed by the Senator from Maine. I
think4we should not allow all the first-class
clerkships to be open to female competitors,
but we should allow all classes of clerkships to
he opened to them, because promotions and
advancements from one grade to another should
be made upon merit, should be made upon
acquirements, should be made upon talent and
facilities for the discharge of the duties. I
think if the heads of the different Departments
had the right to examine persons qualified to
do the business, to do the work of their Par"
ticular Departments, and promote only those
who had the highest qualifications, the service
would be better performed ; and not the highest
Qualifications simply because they are men,
because there are females who write and keep
accounts with equal facility with males; and
there is no reason, there is no logic, there is
no sense in excluding from those positions
persons who have the proper qualifications
simply on account of sex.
All persons in this world are not,born to
fortune. The great Curse, if it is a curse, at
least the sentence prbnounced upon man, that
he should gaiin his bread from the swedt of his
brow, is as applicable to females without for-
tune as to males; and when there are avenues
that could be opened to them, not outside of
their peculiar sphere, we ought to make haste
to give them to them. I agree measurably with
the Senator frciin Kentucky that those avenues
should be increased and enlarged; that able-
bodied males should not seek the positions and
employments that can be equally well filled by
females.
Last year we Contented ourselves by putting
on the appropriation bill precisely this amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine; and those
of us who hAve demanded equal pay for equal
labor have been appeased year by year with
this amendment ot the Senator from Maine.
Now, if that can be put on this bill with the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois we
shall hiave accomplished iat least one step in
the right directibn. 11 hope the vote will be
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, it was my
intention this morning to make some general
observations in regard to all the appropriation
bills, of which this is one, and also in connec-
tion with the subject of the finances; Tmt if we
can have a vote on this proposition now I will
yield for that purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we are ready to
vote upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope we shall
have a vote. That subject can be debated on
another occasion. I presume there will be no
further extended debate.1
Mr. SHERMAN. If it can be voted upon
now I will defer my remarks until the vote can
bo taken
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to say that
my opinion is that this amendment will hare a
tendency to drive out all the female clferks hoW
employed in the Treasury and other Depart-
ments, and to have male clerks appointed in
their stead; because when you come to raise
the price for tins' service'to $1,200, $1,400,
$1,680* &nd $1,S003 jfeat there Will bea press-
ure for the places; men will dome here and
demand them as political rewards. The result
will be that you will drive all these females out
of employment. They have been employed
heretofore because their labor was cheaper,
and because they could perform, not quite
perhaps as much serviee as the men, but they
answered a good purpose for1 the different
positions to which they have adapted them-
selves. In my opinion this proposition will be
injurious to them instead of beneficial. I am
opposed to the Amendment. I shall say noth-
ing more. . m
1'he PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Thttr-
man in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois as
modified on the suggestion of the Senator from
Maine. " - ,
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to have it read
as it now stands. : - 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
modified, as follows
And be it further enacted, That the compensation
of thefemale clerks, copyists, and counters employed
in the several Departments and bureaus, whose ap-
pointments are made by the several heads of Depart-
ments. under the provisions of law. shall, trom ana
after the 30th day of Jane, 1870, be the same as male
clerks performing the like or similar services ; and
it shall be the duty of the several heads of Depart
ments so to classify said female employes as to carry
out the provisions of this section; and the amount
necessary to pay the increased compensation herein
provided for for the year ending Juno 30, 1871,, is
hereby appropriated oat of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated. And the heads of
the several Departments are hereby authorized to
appoint female clerks who may be fou"d to bo com-
petent and worthy to any of the grades of clerkships
known to the law in the Respective Depart met. ts,
with tho compensation belonging to the class to
which they are appointed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, as modified.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Carpenter. Casserly, Davis, Fow-
ler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harbin, Harris,
McDonald, Morton, Nye, Pomerey, Ross, Scott,
Stewart, St-ockton, Sumner, Thayer, Thnrman, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Vipkers, Warner, und Willcj—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Cragin. Flanagan, Morrill of Vermont, Sawyer, Slier-
man, Nprapcue, and Williams,—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames.Boreman, Cameron, Cat-
tell. Drake, Edmunds, Fenton. Ferry, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamlin, Howard, Howe. Howell, Johns-
ton, Kellogg, Lewis, McCreery, Morrill of Maine,
Norton, 03born, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Revels, Rico, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Spencer,
Wilson, and Yates—32.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I stated a moment ago,
I desire to call the attention of the Senate to
the general subject of the appropriations, the
receipts and expenditures of the General Gov-
ernment; and I think the vote just taken is a
pretty good illustration of the necessity of doing
so. We have here, without a particle of pressing
necessity added $400,000 to the annual taxes
of the people of this country to pay a number of
ladies employed in Washington, who are now
receiving higher pay than any ladies employed
in similar employment in the United States,
who do not ask it at all, who never had asked
it, and whose positions will be endangered by
granting it to them. We have added to the
permanent annual taxes of this country the
sum of $400,000, because the number of these
lady employes, as near as I can get it from
gentlemen familiar with the subject, is about
seven or eight hundred, and the addition made
is about five hundred dollars; because if these
ladies art graded at the average rate paid other
clerks thesuiary will be $1,500. Their pres-
ent pay is $900 ; so that this is an addition of
$600 to the pay of each lady employ^ who is
very glad to be employed at the present pay,
making an aggregate of about four hundred
thousand dollars a year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator certainly
does not mean to say that they are appointed
to $1,500 places; that it increases anybody
from $1,200 to $1,500?
Mr. SHERMAN. But the pay of the ladies
now is $900. Some get $720, but the great
body receive $900. This raises them all to
$1,200 at least, and varying from that up to
$1,800 a year. It a<Ids, indeed, to the perma-
nent clerical force in the service of the united
States some six or seven hundred temporary
female employes.
Mr. POMEROY. Th6 Senator does not mean
to say that if any $1,200 lady clerk is appointed
in the place of a man it adds anything to the
expense. It does not add a dollar.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am myself in favor of
the proposition of the Senator from Maine, to
give the ladies a chance to be "appointed, and
I would if I had the administration of the Gov-
ernment give one half of the clerkships in the
Departments to ladies. I believe they would dis-
charge the duties as well, as faithfully, and as
efficiently as men ; and to the extent of clerkships
here I think ladies may properly be employed
in nearly all clerical duties. But that is not
this proposition. This proposition is to add to
the pay of the temporary female clerks, to give
them the same pay now paid to the clerical
force of the various Departments as fixed by
law. . _
But this is merely collateral; it illustrates, 1
think, pretty well the necessity for a careful
attention to the general subject of our appro-
