1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2763
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Nearly
all my time has been exhausted in getting the
statistics to suit my friend. I again say that
all these mere statistics, all this matter of so
many tons and so many pounds, is simply cal-
culated to mislead. The difficulty with Mr.
Wells is that he lets the figures run away with
him. He ishonestenough,butlikeeveryother
man who deals with statistics, he cannot help
their running away with him. But whatldesire
to say is that I offer this amendment to fix the
duty at $5 a ton as a fair compromise between
the manufacturer and the farmer, between the
manufacturers and the consumers of iron, first,
in order that there may be stability in the tariff
we are about to enact, and secondly, that it
shall not bear hardly on the one side or on the
other. I have made this motion now simply
for the purpose of indicating that desire, and
after a vote shall have been taken on $3 a ton,
I propose to bring the committee to a vote, if
I can, on $5 a ton, and I shall then speak to
the motion more at length.
Mr. HILL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out" $5 " and inserting'' $0."
Mr. Chairman, my reason for offering this
amendment and asking that the duty on pig
iron remain as it is, $0 per ton, is that I believe
it is not too high ; that the profits of the man-
ufacturer are not iargo; that it now costs in my
district $34 a ton to manufacture, and that it
is now selling from $28 to-$34 a ton. There-
fore, to take off the duty would embarrass the
manufacturers and bear hard on the working
classes and their families, and the result would
be either to close up some of their works or
reduce the wages of their workmen; and it
strikes me in our legislation here we should be
careful not to do anything that will affect the
workingmen adversely. Yet, lam satisfied that
if the duty on pig iron is reduced we not only
embarrass the manufacturer and close upsome
ol the furnaces, but most of all seriously oppress
and do injury to the working classes. I am
aware, Mr. Chairman, that with many of the
gentlemen on this floor there is not muchsym-
pathy for this large class of our citizens.
A few days ago, when the duty on cotton
goods was being discussed, and the gentleman
liorn Pennsylvania [Mi-. Kelley] was attempt-
ing to show that if the duty was taken off or
reduced it would bear hard on the working
classes of the country and bring their labor in
competition with European labor, one of the
gentlemen of this House in favor of free trade
replied " that was played out." Such a cold,
heartless remark might be expected from some
European manufacturer or free-trader on the
other side of the water ; but to come from an
American citizen, and much more from a mem-
ber of this House, could hardly be expected,
no matter how much opposed to the protection
of American industry. It is strange, Mr. Chair-
man, that gentlemen will continue to deride
and try to crush the workingmen and mechan-
ics of the country and bring them into con-
tempt and ridicule, when they know so well
that well-paid labor and protection to the
industries of the country, in order that the
laborer may receive fair wages for his work,
not only tends to build up the country, but
also to make them respectable citizens and
good members of the community. They are
just as important in their place to the inter-
ests of tlvs country a3 members of Congress or
any other class of citizens.
Sir, I have in my district one of the most
important manufacturing cities in the country,
♦he city of Paterson, with upward of one
hundred large iron, silk, and cotton mills and
factories, machine-shops, and founderies, turn-
ing out upward of three hundred locomotives
annually, a city of forty thousand or more
inhabitants, largely made up of mechanics
and workingmen, many of them owning their
own houses, built from their savings, all the
result of well-paid labor, the growth of the
city having been from sixty to seventy per cent.
the last ten years—a city of thrift aiid enter-
prise ; and I think all this has been brought
about mostly by the policy of the Government
in protecting the several industries of the coun-
try, so that they have been prospered, and
thereby giving the working classes plenty, of
work and enabling them to receive lair wages
for their labor, which has "been expended, a
good part of it, iu building up this city, and
als*-opening a good market for the products of
the farms in the neighborhood. And what can
be said of the city of Paterson can be said of
almost everymanufacturingcity in the country.
Yet the cry by some members of this House is,
" Down with the tariff," " The manufacturers
areasetof monopolists," "Wholesaleplunder-
ers of the people,''1' Robbers and bounty men.'1
Fine language, Mr. Chairman, to be used by
honorablegentlemenon thisllooragainstalarge
body of citizens who have done so much to
sustain this Government when assailed by
traitors, and who have been and are now con-
tributing so largely to help liquidate the public
debt, and who have and are now furnishing so
much capital and wealth to the country, and
give employment to so many million working-
men and support to their families; and the
m.en who do the work are termed here as
" Mere laborers, overseers," &c.
Sir, I deny all these charges as untrue in
regard to the manufactures of my district, and
consider it a libel on them all. While some of
them may be makinga fairprOfit on their busi-
ness, many of them have hard work to keep
their rnills and factories in running order, and
with ditfieulty can keep their men employed.
The statement made here that the pig-iron men
were making a profit of $10, $13, and $15 a
ton is not true of the manufacture in my dis-
trict. As I have had occasion to remark once
before, it is with great difficulty they can keep
their furnaces in blast. Now, take off the duty
on pig iron, and some of them will either have
to close up or reduce wages, which will cotno
hard on the workingmen at themines, furnaces,
and rolling mills. The slurs and abuse heaped
on the workingmen and the laboring classes,
being only " mere laborers and overseers,"
&c., us termed by some of the members of this
House, is a gross outrage. I haveseveral thou-
sand workingmen in my district, and in defense
of this large body of men I hurl it back as un-
worthy any member of this House to use such
language. These men, many of them, are poor
and work hard; but as for character, standing,
and position in society, they will compare fa-
vorably with any here who make such attacks
upon them. This continued effort to degrade
the working classes by bringing them in com-
petition with European labor is a great wrong
to these people. Mr. Chairman, all I ask for
them is that their rights may be protected and
fair wages paid them ; that they can live com-
fortably with something to lay by for a rainy
day, and not, with their children, become pau-
pers and starve as they have done in Europe.
Suitable protection will prevent that here in
America. The iron interest is a large one and
employs many thousands of men, and from the
wages they receive many hundred thousand are
fed. If American labor should ever be sub-
jected to the free and ruinous competition of
the cheap labor of Europe, I have no doubt
employments hero will fail, and idleness, pov-
erty, and crime, and starvation would abound
on every side. Therefore, if we would prevent
this and desire well ordered communities, all
must have employment and they receive a lair
equivalent for their work. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] in a speech
a few days ago, said :
"Gentlemen talk about monopolists, anil avor
that protection fosters monopolies. Sir. the world
has never seen so heartless, sounrolenting, and bo
gigantic a monopoly as the British Government and
the manufacturing power that sustains it. It is a
monopoly which has desolated Ireland and Mvept
her factories from the face ol the earth. Ireland,
less than a century ago, before the union, the home
of a contented people, and the seat of a busy and
prosperous industry, is now aland whose people are
born only to be watched and hunted as felons, or
exiled from the land they love so well. The manu-
facturing and landed monopoly of England but a feiw
years ago huddled into their graves the decaying
bodies, of more than 1,000,000 of the people of-Ireland,
wno died of starvation in a single year.
" It is a monopoly which has inflicted on British
India wrongs even greater than these. Three years
ago the air of the whole wide district of Orissa was
fetid with the stenoh rising from the decaying bodies
of more than 1,000,000people who had starved in one
of the richest agricultural regions in the world, be-
cause under England's enlightened free trade they
were not permitted to diversify their industries, and
when their single crop failed they were permitted to
starve, as the Irish wore when the rot assailed their
only crop, the potato.
- Mr. Chairman, carry out the views of some
of the gentlemen on this floor, and carry out
free-trade principles in full on iron, cotton,
woolen, and other branches of industry, and it
will not be many years before our land will be
filled with paupers, and starvation will stare
the working classes in the face, and more chil-
dren will be found in the poor-houses than in the
schools. One of the United States commission-
ers to the Paris Exposition in 1867 says that
in the manufacturing districts of England there
are more children in the poor-houses than in
the schools.
Mr. Wood, of Sheffield, England, a leading
manufacturer, in a letter to the Daily Telegraph
of that city, says:
"At the present moment about one in every eight-
een persons of Knprland and Wales is in receipt of
parochial relief. There was paid in 1853 £4,929,00!
for pauperism, hut in 1868 £7,500,000 was paid. In
London alone tho amount expended in relief was in
1859 £117,925, while in 18t>8it was £279,898. Since 1853
upward of 3,000,000 of our poople have emigrated, and
principally to extreme piotective countries, where
their labor has found abetter reward,^ butat thesama
time i t has been tho means of greater foreign product-
iveness. We have tried free trade so long in the face
of other protective producing countries that it is
almost time wo protected ourselves."
The London correspondent of the New York
Times gives a most deplorable picture of the
poor of the large cities of England. Millions
of people iu England live almost entirely upon
bakers bread. Here, for example, is the way
of life of a sober, hard-working Englishman,
who earns 18s. a week, (say $4 50, gold stand-
ard,) and has a wife and six children. Pie
neither drinks nor smokes, and hands over his
whole wages to his wife. This is a common
practice in well-ordered families. She pays
4s. a week for rent; Is. for coal; candle-s,
soap, &c., 9d.; a penny a week each for the
six children to a burial club, (id.; on a doc-
tor's bill due, Is. Here are 7s. 3d. of the 18s.
gone and nothing to eat. Now the bill of fare
for those eight persons: one pound of bread
a day for each—the children scarcely taste
anything else—comes to 7s. a week ; twenty
pounds of potatoes, 8tZ.; one pound of butcher's
meat on Sunday and two pounds 'of salt pork
for week days, 2s. ; one pound of sugar, half
pound of butter, one ounce tea, 13d, make up
the week's account. No milk, no fruit, no
clothing. The only way they can have that is
for the children to get work or die; then some-
thing would come in from the burial club.
Thousands and thousands of men work hard
for two thirds of these wages or less. Plenty,
even in the large towns, work for 12s. a week.
Thousands cannot taste even the Sunday meat
dinner. Great numbers never taste butter ;
they got a little drippings as a substitute. In
a London shop on a Saturday night you will see
great heaps of penny and half-penny packets
of tea, and pennyworths of brown sugar, ready
done up for "people of moderate incomes."
This correspondent says that he once had the
curiosity to buy a half-penny packet of tea—
a cent's worth. It resembled musty clover
hay, and a decoction tasted as you might fancy
drippings from a heap of dead leaves to taste
at the end of a hard Muter.
Mr. Chairman, we are not ready for such
living yet in this great country. I for one do
not want the laboring classes brought down to
such a level and such poor wages and manner
of living as is indicated above ; yet this is just
