1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4651
out upon a magnificence of scale that might
shame Rome, or Paris, or the greatest capitals
in the world of ancient or modern times. What
means have the poor people here to keep these
magnificent streets in the order as to pavement,
street and foot, in which they ought to be kept ?
None. And when these people, some of whom
have a humble home, if you please, on this
magnificent avenue, are not able to meet their
portion of the cost of paving it, and their prop-
erty is sold and they are deprived of their
home, their shelter, their wives and little ones
turned out for a set of Shylocks, to say that the
cost of redeeming that home shall be the pay-
ment of the whole tax and twenty per cent,
upon it is a disgrace, not only to the nation
and to the legislation of Congress, but to the
age.
I hope, sir, that the proposition of the hon-
orable Senator from California will prevail.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, but that
I desired to give way to other gentlemen, I
should have been more prompt to make my
acknowledgments to the Senator from Maine,
who has brought in this bill, for the very kind
permission which he gave me of voting against
the bill. I owe him, perhaps, a debt of grati-
tude for that consent on his part; but that
consent given me by that Senator does not
relieve me from the feeling of responsibility
which I consider I assume in consenting to let
him bring this bill forward in the morning
hour without its going through the legislative
stages of legislation, one of which, and the
most necessary of which to a deliberate dis-
cussion of this or any other bill, is the printing
of it.
. The Senators who have stated here that in
their own States the penalty affixed on redemp-
tion from a sale for taxes is twenty-five per
cent., or even fifty per cent., must have been,
I fancy, referring to taxes in the country parts
of those States. They were not referring, I
imagine, to the case of assessments in cities,
which are proverbially burdensome, which are
proverbially fruitful in oppression and even
in fraud on the part of street contractors, and
which, so far as I know, have never been re-
duced anywhere to a system satisfactory to the
sense of justice of the community; and all the
observations which I have just made, I do not
doubt, apply more forcibly to the city of Wash-
ington than to any other important city in this
country to-day.
I have no desire, however, to renew what I
suggested in the beginning. I had not the
slightest idea of bringing on a debate. I was
so confident in the justice and the mercy and
the fitness of the amendment I suggested that
I was mistaken enough to hope that it would
pass without debate; that it would be gladly
accepted by Senators. I do not admit, 1 never
will admit that the paving of Pennsylvania
avenue, or of any other avenue, is a sufficient
compensation for amercing the unfortunate
people of the city of Washington whose taxes
may be in arrears, as a Senator said who sat
down awhile ago, one hundred, five hundred,
or one thousand per cent. What must be the
ideas of government that dictate such expres-
sions?
I cannot say that I expect the adoption of
this amendment after what has taken place. I
should be glad if it were adopted. An addi-
tion of twelve per cent, penalty besides the
interest which runs upon this tax, if I under-
stood the bill correctly, must be a sufficient
punishment upon the widow, upon the orphan,
upon the poor, upon the non-resident propri-
etor who, perhaps, by the carelessness of his
agent, witfi funds in his hands, has to pay the
penalty of unpaid taxes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, to strike out "twenty per cent." and
insert "twelve per cent."
Mr. CASSERLY called for the yeas and nays.
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted yeas 11, nays 49 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Fowler,
Hamilton ofMaryland, Harlan, Johnston, McCreery,
Koss. Tipton, and Willey-11.
, JNAxb~-Messrs. Ames.Boreman, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
tt'Cragin, Brake, Fenton, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamilton
oi Xexas, Hamhn, Harris, Howard, Howe, Howell,
McDonald, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Os-
born, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, Schurz, Scott, Sherman,
btewart Siimner, Thayer, Trumbull, Vickers, War-
Wilson, and Yates—40.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron,
Cattell, Edmunds, Flanagan, Kellogg, Lewis, Mor-
rill of Maine, Norton, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey,
Kevels, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spencer,
^Prague, Stockton, and Thurman—21.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read a third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1948) to amend an act
entitled "An act to change and define the
boundaries of the eastern and western judicial
districts of Virginia, and to alter the names of
said districts, and for other purposes," passed
June 11, 1864, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 2243) for the relief of
James R. Young was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
The following bills and joint resolutions were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs:
A_ bill (H. R. No. 2252) for the relief of
Malinda Harmon, widow of Jacob Harmon,
deceased, of Greene county, Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 2253) for the relief of
JohnTurner, sen., of Unioncounty, Tennessee,
for services rendered in piloting recruits to the
Union Army;
A joint resolution (H. E. No. 805) concern-
ing arsenal grounds at St. Louis, Missouri;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 335) for the
relief of Dr. John H. HcQuown, of Illinois;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 337) for the
relief of Captain William 0. Sides.
The following bills and joint resolutions were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Claims:
A bill (II. R. No. 1274) for the relief of Mrs.
Caroline G. Gardner, widow of Brevet Briga-
dier General John L. Gardner ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1277) for the relief of
Richard M. Hodgson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1917) for the relief of
Leonard Harding ;
A bill (H. Ii. No. 1971) for the relief of the
sareties of the late Captain A. R. Hetzell;
A bill (H. R. No. 1930) for the relief of
William J. Blaekistone;
A bill (H. R. No. 2241) for the relief of heirs
of William Eddy, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 2242) for the relief of
Frederick Smith;
A bill (H. R. No. 2240) for the relief of
William Selden;
A bill (H. R. No. 2250) for the relief of John
Wilson;
A bill (II. R. No. 2251) for the relief of
Charles T. Martin; i
A bill (II. R. No. 2254) for the relief of Bar- j
bara Schorr, of Cincinnati, Ohio; j
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 334) for the j
relief of George T. Wright, administrator of j
John T. Wright, deceased; and j
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 336) for the j
relief of Colonel Thomas P. McManus, of j
Texas.
ACADEMY OF SCIENCE. |
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the report of the National Academy
of Science for the year 1869—70; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
the memorial of Mrs. E. T. Young, of Pooles-
ville, Maryland, praying indemnity for depre-
dations committed by French cruisers prior to
the year 1801; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented the memorial of the Board
of Trade of Baltimore, Maryland, praying aid
for the improvement of the channel of the
Patapsco river and Chesapeake bay; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the memorial of
J. Francis Bourns, M. D., praying a grant of
lands to the National Homestead at Gettys-
burg for the orphans of soldiers of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. AMES presented the petition of Thomas
Grafton, of Natchez, Mississippi, praying for
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Joseph J. Goldwin, of Georgia, praying the
removal of his political disabilities; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. BAYARD. I have the memorial of
William F. Smith, president of the Interna-
tional Ocean Telegraph Company, proposing
to establish and maintain certain international
lines of submarine cables, and I will send it
to the desk and ask that it be read for the con-
sideration of the Senate; and I desire to have
it printed and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware desires to have this memorial read
by the Secretary. It will be read, if there be
no objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States in Congress assembled:
Your petitioner herein represents that a proposi-
tion is now pending before Congress iu the interest of
the Pacific Submarine Telegraph Company, to lay
and maintain a submarine telegraph cable from the
American shores of the Pacific to China and Japan. •
This proposition embraces the grant of a subsidy of
$500,OUO in gold per annum, for twenty years. The
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations has reported
favorably to this proposition, from which it is to
be inferred that Congress may favor the enterprise. •
The company proposed to be incorporated i3 com-
posed ot the owners of a well-known foreign cor-
poration, which heretofore has paid no taxes under
the laws of the United States, though its profits all
arise from United States business, and which is now
seeking, by the pending measure, to obtain the sanc-
tion and patronage of Congress.
The undersigned, representing the International
Ocean Telegraph Company, the only American com-
pany now in successful operation, and which pays
monthly to the United States three per cent, of its
gross receipts toward the support of the Govern-
ment, begs leave to represent that this company
desires to be admitted to a fair participation in any
benefits to be granted by Congress for the promo-
tion of international communications by means of
submarine telegraphs, and is ready to guaranty a
faithful compliance with any fair terms imposed by
Congress, as a condition of such benefits.
The company represented by the undersigned has
already established communications with the island
of Cuba, besides having successfully carried out a
plan for connecting by telegraph cables all the West
India Islands, British and Dutch Guiana, the Isthmus
of Panama, and Peru, in all 1 equiring over five thou-
sand miles of cable, which is under contract to be
submerged during the present year, 1870.
The undersigned, in behalf of his company, begs
leave to submit the following distinct propositions :
Inrbt. The company represented by the under-
signed, in consideration of an annual payment by
the United States Government of $500,000 in gold for
twenty years, will guaranty the successful establish-
ment and maintenance of the following lines of tel-
egraph cable, namely: , . i
3. A line from San Francisco, via the Sandwich
Islands, to Japan and China. .
2. A third and independent line from the united
States to Europe, which shall bo prohibited by law,
and under penalty of the loss of the entire subsidy
for ever entering into any working arrangement or
combination with present existing transatlantic
cable companies. This third and independent line
to Europe shall also be under a condition never to
