1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5595
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to the passage
of that bill'
Mr. SUOFIELD. Let it be referred.
Mr. TAFFE. I object to its reference.
The bill was accordingly returned to its place
on the Speaker's table.
LEVI W. POND, ET AL.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 743) confirming and extending
a patent right to Levi W. Pond and Eau Claire
Lumber Company.
Mr. JENCKES. Let that bill be referred
to the Committee on Patents.
No objection being made, tbe bill was taken
up, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. And let
the bill be printed.
No objection was made, and tho bill was
accordingly ordered to be printed.
MISSOURI AND ARKANSAS LAND GRANT.
The next, business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 483) granting lands and the right
of way in Missouri and Arkansas to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
along or near the thirty-sixth parallel of north
latitude, from the Mississippi river to the Ark-
ansas river.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let this bill be referred.
Mr. HOLM AN. I object.
The bill was accordingly returned to its place
on the Speaker's table.
SOUTHERN MINNESOTA RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 824) authorizing the Southern
Minnesota Railroad Company to connect its
line with the Northern Pacific railroad.
Mr. REEVES. I object to that bill.
The bill was accordingly returned to its place
on the Speaker's table.
OREGON BRANCH RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 112) to aid in the construc-
tion of the Oregon branch railroad.
Mr. DONLEY. I object to that bill.
The bill was accordingly returned to itsplace
on the Speaker's table.
DDLTJTH, MINNESOTA.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 875) to create a port of de-
livery at Duluth, Minnesota.
Mr. SAWYER. A bill for this purpose has
already passed the House.
The bill was accordingly returned to the
Speaker's table.
LAND-GRANT RAILROADS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. .381) granting lands to aid
the construction of a railroad from the west-
ern boundary of Minnesota, at the junction of
the Sioux Wood river with the Red River of
the North, to the Winnipeg district of British
America.
Objection was made.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 268) granting pnblic lands
in the State of Alabama to the Decatur and
Aberdeen Railroad Company, to aid in the
construction of a railroad to be built from
Decatur, Alabama, to Aberdeen, Mississippi.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
YnXBKRFORCE UNH'KRSITT-
The next business on the Speaker's table
tvus a joint resolution (S. R. No. 181) for the
benefit of Wilbcrforce University.
Mr. SHANKS. I move that this joint reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on reed-
men's Affairs.
Objection was made 5 and the bill was re-
turned to the Speaker's table.
OFFICIOUS 01? CUTTER HARRIET IiANE.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 200) for the relief
of Captain John Faunce and other officers of
the revenue-cutter Harriet Lane.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the Secretary of the Navy to pay to the officers
of the revenue-cutter Harriet Lane, and to the
heir or heirs of such as may have died since
the transfer of the vessel to the Secretary of
the Navy for the purpose of the Paraguay ex-
pedition, the difference of pay between that at
that time allowed the officers of the revenue
service and the sum of $1,800 per annum for
captain, $1,500 per annum for first lieutenant,
and $1,000 per annum each for second and
third lieutenants, while they were employed
on the revenue-cutter in regular naval service.
Mr. AMBLER. I object.
MINT BUILDING, NEW ORLEANS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 102) to restore to
the city of New Orleans the property hereto-
fore occupied by the United States as a branch
mint.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that this joint reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures.
There being no objection, the bill was read
a first and second time, and referred to ths
Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures.
PUBLIC BUILDING, TRENTON, NEW JERSEY.
The next, business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 892) to provide for a building
suited to the use of the post office, the pension
and revenue officers, and the judicial officers
of the United States in the city of Trenton,
New Jersey.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to cause to be constructed
a suitable building, fire-proof, at Trenton, New
Jersey, for the accommodation of the post
office, United States circuit and district courts,
pension and internal revenue offices ; and for
this purpose appropriates $100,000, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, who is to cause proper plans and
estimates to be made, so that no expenditure
shall be made or authorized for the full com-
pletion of the building beyond the amount ap-
propriated ; but no money hereby appropriated
is to be used or applied for the purpose until a
valid title to the land for the site of such build-
ing shall be vested in the United States, and
until the State shall also duly release and re-
linquish to the United States the right to tax
or ill any way assess the site, or the property
of the United States that may be thereon, dur-
ing the time that the United States shall be or
remain the owner thereof.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
MILITARY ROAD IN OREGON.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 952) to amend an act entitled
"An act granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in the construction of a military wagon-
road from Albany, Oregon, to tho eastern
boundary of said State."
Objection was made.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I ask that the bill
be read.
The bill was read. It proposes to amend
the first section of the act mentioned by strik-
ing out the words "byway of Canon City"
and inserting the words "by way of Camp
Harney."
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. This bill shortens
the route of the road, as already authorized.
Mr. JULIAN. I object to the passage of
the bill, and move its reference to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I object to the
reference.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be returned
to the Speaker's table.
LAND-GRANT RAILROAD,
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (S. R. No. 187) extending
the tiaie to construct a railroad from the Si.
Croix river or lake to the West end of Lake
Superior and to Bayfield.
Mr. WELKER. I object.
MRS. MARGARET A. LAURIE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 270) for the relief of Mrs.
Margaret A- Laurie.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Mrs. Margaret A.
Laurie the sum of $2,000 for rent for her house
and premises in the District of Columbia used
by the United States authorities for medical and
hospital purposes from June 30, 1862, to June
30, 1865, and in full for all demands or claims
against the United States in connection there-
with.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
There being no objection, the bill was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
OREGON VOLUNTEERS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 53) to pay two companies
of Oregon volunteers.
The bill, which was read, proposes to extend
the act of Congress entitled "An act to author-
ize the Secretary of War to settle and adjust
the expenses of the Rogue river Indian war,"
approved the 17th of July, 1854, to the two
companies of Oregon volunteers commanded
by Captains Jesse Walker and Nathan Olney,
called into service to suppress Indian hostilities
in Oregon in 1854.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
There being no objection, tbe bill was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
CHEROKEE KANSAS LANDS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 89) providing
for the sale of certain lands in the State of
Kansas ceded to the United States in trust by
the Cherokee nation of Indians.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
DAKOTA RAILROAD. '
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 566) making a grant of
land to aid in t^e construction of a railroad in
the Territory of Dakota.
Mr. RAN DALL objected.
NEBRASKA AND COLORADO RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 168) granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Lincoln,
in the State of Nebraska, and Brownville, in
the State of Nebraska, to Denver, Colorado
Territory.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No.-179) authorizing
water-gauges to be established and observa-
tions to be made upon the Mississippi river and
its principal tributaries, with, a view to obtain-
ing information required for the protection of
the alluvial lands against overflow, and for the
improvement of navigation.
Objected to by several members.
APPRAISER AT MOBILE.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 446) to appoint an appraiser
of merchandise for the port of Mobile.
Mr. BUCK. I hope there will be 110 objec-
tion to that bill.
Mr. JENCKES. It is provided for in the
general law. I object.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND LAKE MICHIGAN.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 947) for the improvement of
water communication between the Mississippi
river and Lake Michigan, by the Wisconsin and
Fox rivers.
Objected to.
