4652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
eliargo a liielier rate than five dollars gold for a
message of toil word^s over its cable.
Second. Tho company represented by the under-
signed will agree to compete with any other Ameri-
can citizen ior tho establishment of tho above lines
of a submarine telegraph, should Congress see fit to
authorize the head ot'any ot the Executive Depart-
ments of the United Slates Government to make a
contract for the establishment ot the above telegraph
line, taken as a whole.
Iioth the above propositions to include the free
and preferred use of ail the said telegraph cables
by t'ne United States (iovemment for Government
dispatches, without Limitation,
, . WILLIAM F SMITH,
President International Oceayi Telegraph Company.
Mr. BAYAIID. I move that that memorial
be printed, and referred to the Committee cm
Foreign .Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
national clibrency.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report back the House
amendment to the bill (S. No. 378) to provide
a national currency of coin notes, and to equal-
ize the distribution of circulating notes. Tho
committee have very fully and carefully exam-
ined the amendment of tho House, and unan-
imously leconmiend thqj^tlje Senate non-con-
cur in it ; and ask for a "conference with the
House of Representatives. I submit that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT being authorized,
by unanimous consent, to appoint the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the Senate,
Messrs. Sherman, Warxer, and Spraguu were
appointed.
reports of committee?.
Mr. WARNER, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. Ko.
900) to relieve certain sureties on official bonds,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its in-
definite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON', from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whotft was referred the petition of
Julia Travnor, praying to ho allowed a pension,
submitted a report thereon, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 1005) granting a pension to Julia
Traynon.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to he
printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Iam directed
by the Committee on Finance, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 905) to secure the con-
struction of a system of efficient levees for the
protection'of the alluvial lands of the Missis-
sippi valley, and a resolution submitted by
the Senator from Louisiana, [Air. Harris] on
llie 2d instant, directing the committee to in-
quire into the expediency of taking measures to
rebuild the levees upon the lower Mississippi
river, to report Uietn back and move that the
committee be discharged therefrom, and that
they be referred to the Committee oft Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 218) authorizing the
First National Rank of Fort Smith, Arkansas,
to change its location and name, reported it
Without amendment.
Mr. DRAKE, liom the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Sarah A. Ward, praying an examination by the
Navy Department into the merits of an im prove-
ment in gun-carriages invented by her late
husband, Commander James H. Ward, of the
United States Navy, and that she be compen-
sated for said improvement, submitted a report
thereon, accompanied by a,joint resolution (h.
R. No. 225) for the relief of Sarah A. Ward.
The joint lesoiution was lead, and passed to
a second reading, and the report was ordered
to lie printed.
Mr. KENTON, from tho Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a petition of im-
porting merchants of New York, praying for
an amendment to the act of March 2, 1867, so
as to require that no seizure or search-warrant
shall be issued except upon complaint of the
collcctor of the district where a fraud is said to.
have been committed, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on Finance, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 79) to authorize the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue to offer and pay rewards for
the detection of any person charged with mur-
dering or attempting to murder any officer of#
the internal revenue service, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S.
R. No, 184) respecting commerce between the
United States and British North America,
moved its indefinite postponement, a House
joint resolution on the same subject having
already become a law; which was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 950) for the relief of inhabitants of
cities and towns in the Territories of Now
Mexico, Arizona, and Utah, reported it with-
out. amendment.
Mr. AMES, from tho Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (II. it.
No. 1904) for the relief of James C. Strong,
reported it without amendment.
BTU,S INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY. I am requested by sev-
eral citizens of New Mexico to ask leave to
introduce a bill that it may bo referred to the
Committee on Territories.
There being no objection, leave wars grantd3 >
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1000) to authorize
the people of N^w Mexico to form a consti-
tution «.nd State government previous to tjjeir
Va,dmission into the Union as a Stale, with the
name of Lincoln, on an equal footing with the
original States; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Territories,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1007) granting land to aid in the construction
of the Suwanna and Inland Railroad Com-
pany, in the State of Florida; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the. Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 220) for the relief of
Richard P. Hammond ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciaiy, and ordered to be printed.
TAXES ON' IXStJItANCri COMPANIES.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 205) to determine the construction
of an act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, and for other purposes,
approved June 30, 1804, have instructed me to
report it back without amendment, and to
recommend its passsage ; and as the Senator
from Connecticut, is very desirous to have it
acted upon I wish to have it put on its pas-
sage now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope the Senate
will give unanimous consent to have tho joint
resolution passed now. It is a matter of pub-
lic importance,
Mr. SHERMAN. It is to remove a doubt
in the construction of an existing law, and will
take no time except to read it.
There being no objection, (he joint resolu-
tion -was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It declares tjiat tjae act entitled " An
act to provide internal revenue to support the '
Government, to pay interest on the public <3eb|,.
and for other purposes," approved June 30.,
1864, and the several amendments thereto, shall
not be construed sp as to impose a tax on any'
undistributable sum added to the contingent
funcj. of any fire, gnaojpe, inland, life, he^ltU,
accident, or like laSttrance company, or say
unearned premium or premiums received fat-
risks assumed by such companies. -
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. P think if the Senate
will hear with me for two minutes I cau pre-
sent the object of this joint resolution so that
it will bo understood and there will be no
objection to it.
The present law contemplates a tax of one
and a half per cent, upon all the receipts of
insurance companies. It also levies a tax of
live per cent, on all dividends which are made
by insurance companies and on all the surplus
earnings of the companies. The language of
the law is in substance this: it requires the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to levy a
tax on all sums ad-ded to the contingent fund.
Insurance companies keep their' accounts
differently from almost any other corporations.
A banking institution will open an aecount
with discount, with exchange, with expenses,
and brin| them all together at tjie end of the
year, and the balance will show the profits for
the year ; but an insurance company places to
the credit of the contingent fund every premium
received, so that when a sum of money is re-
ceived for a premium according to the con-
struction of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue it is added to the contingent fund
and subject to taxation. Although the premium
occupies such a position on the books of the
company,y.et until tha policy \yhich was issued
for the premium shall expire it is liable to he
lost, and if lost there is a tax of live per cent.;
not on the profits, not on the gains, but on the
losses. Now, I do not believe that Congress
intended to tax these companies except in the
manner I stated at first, simply on the actual
profit?, This resolution put's a construction
upon tho law so as to enable the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue to collect tho tax on tho
profits of the companies, and not on a sum
received when that sum is not a profit.
Tho joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read ths third time,
and passed.
I'ATEXT LAWS.
Mr. VvTLLEY submitted the following res-
olution :
He-solved, That Friday evening next bo especially
set apart, for the eonsidorationof House bill No. 1711,
to revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes relat-
ing to patents and copyrights,
Mr, MORRILL, of Maine. Let that lie
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is one
assignment for Friday regularly. The resolu-
tion will come up to-morrow, if the Calendar
of resolutions shall be called.
COXSULAIl SERVICE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that the Senate
act on the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill in regard to the consular and
diplomatic service, was passed. I hope the
motion to reconsider will be voted down.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that motion will be considered as
before the Senate. It is moved that the Sen-
ate reconsider its vote by which the bill (S.
No. 076) to amend an act entitled "An act to
regulate the diplomatic and consular systems
of the United States," passed Augustl8,1856,
and for other purposes, was passed.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Michi-
gan need not ask a vote on it. The Senator
knows very well why I made the motion I did.
1 thought the Senate ought to understand an
