1820
TH® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
The motion was agreed to ? and fhe bill
(S. No. 680) to consolidate the northern and
southern judicial districts iti the State of Flor-
ida was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The bill pro-
poses to abolish tl« southern judicial district
of Florida, a«d attach it to the northern 4'3"
trict of Florida, the title and i me of which
shall hereafter be "the district court of the
United States for the district of Florida." The
district judge, attorney, and marshal of the
United States for the northern district of Flor-
ida are respectively to perform and exercise
the same powers and jurisdiction in the dis-
trict of Florid^ as they now possess and exer-
cise in the nortliefn district Of the State, and
in addition thereto the judge of the northern
district is rested with all the powers and juris-
diction which heretofore belonged to the judge
of the southern district.
Mr. OSBORN. After consultation with my
colleague, I request that in section five, line |
four, the word "YaHahassee" be changed to j
Jacksonville," so that the courts shall be
held al Jacksonville .#n«l Key West - , !
Mr. TRUMBULL. There U no objection
to that if it suits the delegation frow, Florida ;
better.
The amendment was agreed to. , : ■ <
Mr. CO LIS. I do not viae to discuss the !
bill, but I should like to,inquire of the chair- j
man of the committee about how much will bq
saved ta the Government of the United States
by the passage of tins bill? , It -abolishes one
of the districtcourts; T am anxious to have one
established in the southern, part of California,
aad I choaid like to know the expanse of such
a court. " '
Mr. TRUMBULL: I have not called for a
statement of the eiect expanse; but it will
Bave the salaries of the judge,'the district at-
torney, and the marshal; ahd a very consider-
ableexpense will be obviated by dim inishing the
number of places for koldtpg the courts. The
salary of thejudge is, I thlnk, $8,500. The hold-
ing of coart8at two as th*«*lifFei«nt places is
of eqocse atteoded.with conaotifli b)« fi$pet pe.
What the expeu«e: of.tfee-weceasarf arrange-
ments for the accommodation of the courts at
those places. may be I have ,no data to ehow.
, Mr. CpLK. the iialaryofthedirtriotattor-
ney is &50Oy1, believe, or something like that,
in .addition to> Ins fees. . The.fees, however, do
notoomeottt-ofthq United States; The salary
#f the marshal is abouUh^sawe. The expense
to the Government of the UnitedStAtes, there-
fore, is not very great ia the establishment of a
court of this, sort. - .
And I may be permitted to reinark here that
J hope the chairman of the committee will see
no objection to the establishment of a court
tor the Accommodation of 'the people of the
southern part of California, from which they
travel new ■sometimes six or seven hundred
miles to San Francisco to attend ta their cases.
It ia certainly & very igceat hardship, and one
of whieh they are complaining every day.
Many petitions have been ottered, here i  fav0*
of it, setting forth the reasons <yery «ogently ;
and sinee one court of thig kind is <^ b? abol-
ished, it will make things even if one is estab-
lished where it is so au ch needed and will cost
so very little to the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The remark I made as
to the expense was as incidental remark ia
order to get the etmsenrt of the Semttp to take
up the bill. The other considerations of a pub-
lic character, whieh call for the consolidation
of these conrts, and which forbid; the establish-
ment of more district ^courts. are very grave.
The Senator from Cdiforriia Okust be aware
of them. Our country is very extensive ; we
have but one Supretile Court, and the more
you multiply theee UnirtedStates court* the more
business you bring into them jj pad1 $be mere
business you get into the district courts and
circuit courts throughout the country the
more comes to the Supreme Court. Thebusir
ness of the Supreme Court t of the United
States has been so crowded for years as to
amount almost to a denial of justice. For some
time past no case has been reached on the
docket of that court in less than three years.
We have established circuit judges ; we hope
to relieve the Supreme, judges from circuit
duties, so that they may be able to devote
more time to their Supreme Court duties, and
bring the business nearer up.
But these United States courts were never
intended to be established to do the general
business of the country. If you multiply them
and hold them in every congressional district,
then lawyers, where it is convenient in their
collection suits, will bring cases in the Uni-
ted States courts, and multiply their business,
which may just as well be done in the State
conrts. I am myself opposed to holding out
any encouragement for increasing the business
of the United States courts.
I stated the other day that in the State of
Pennsylvania, where their State courts are
acceptable to the people, and the people gen-
erally resort to their State tribunals for the
administration of justice, we find very little
business in the United States courts. But if
you go on multiplying these courts, holding
them in the southern part of California because
it is some distance from San Francisco, for the
purpose, perhaps, of having a United States
court held in some little town to give import-
ance to the locality, you will increase the busi-
ness of the courts and you will break down
the judicial Bystem of the United States en-
tirely. The consideration of expense is one
why these courts should not be unnecessarily
multiplied; but the public service and the use-
fulness of the courts require that they should
not be multiplied except where there is a spe-
cial exigency demanding it.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me the remedy
should be in restricting the jurisdiction of the
courts and not in making the courts so inac-
cessible and inconvenient that litigants cannot
be accommodated. The persons in distant
portions of the country who have causes to
: litigate are as much entitled to the benefits of
the United States conrts as persons in more
accessible parts. I do not think, therefore,
the argument of the Senator from Illinois is
well grounded. Restrict the jurisdiction of
the courts to narrower limits, to a less num-
ber of subjects, and not expect to reduce the
amount of litigation by making the courts so
excessively inconvenient that persons cannot
reach them. The argument would go as well
to the removal or abolishment of more of the
district courts, perhaps all of them, in oi'der
to reduce the business in the Supreme Court
that may come there on appeal. Perhaps
enough business comes from the circuit conrts
to the Supreme* Court for the consumption of
the time of this tribunal of last resort, and the
same argument, I submit to the Senator, is just
as good in favor of abolishing aH the courts.
allow citizens of other States to bring suits
there. Have the citizens of the southern part
of the State of California been suffering for an
opportunity to be indicted and get into the
penitentiary? What is it that they are suffer-
ing from? A United States court established
there would have no jurisdiction of suits be-
tween citizens of the State.
Mr. COLE. Is the Senator from Illinois
oblivious of the fact that all the land titles,
the titles that came from the Spanish and Mex-
ican Governments, are subjects of litigation in
the district court of the United States? If
he will look to the statute of 1851 he will find
that such is the case; and parties are com-
pelled to go to San Francisco and travel with
their lawyers, and at very great expense, a dis-
tance of four or five hundred miles, or abandon
their cases to utter ruin.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood that all
those land titles had been settled, or nearly so.
Mr. COLE. By no means.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended. The amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
D. B. ALLEN AND CO.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Senate con-
sider Senate bill No. 487. It will take but a
minute.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 487) to provide lor the payment of D. B.
i Allen & Co. for services in carrying the United
! States mails, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
appropriates the sum of $21,543 for the pay-
ment of D. B. Allen- & Co. for carrying the
United States mails between New York and
San Francisco in 1864 and 18j65, during the
suspension of the overland mail service on
the overland route, in full payment for the
ssrvicG.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the following report sub-
mitted by Mr. Hamun from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads on the 3d of Feb-
ruary last:
The Committee on Post Office* and PofetEo*de, to
whom was referred the memorial of D-B. jA-llen &
Co., representing the Atlantic Steamship and the
Pacific Mail Steamship Companies, for compensation
for carrying tho United States mails&uring the sus-
pension of the overland mail service in 1864 and
1865, beg leave to report: .
The suspension of the overland mail service, by
reason of Indian hostilities on the plains* took place
in 1864; that the amount paid for said service an-
nually was $840,000, while $160,000 annually was paid
to said steamship companies for carrying pointed
matter and each letters as might be marked, to be
specially sent that way. , •
When tho suspension occurred, leaving the entire
Pacific slope without maila, the Postmaster General
applied to said steamship companies to carry tho en-
tiro mails during the interruption of the overland
route. The companies cheerfully complied, and for
a period of about four months all mails of the United
States for the Pacific were safely and expeditiously
a district court in the southern part of Cali
fornia existed until two years ago. Upon the
death of the judge it "was abolished for some
reason or other which it is not worth while for
me to mention here. Perhaps it was supposed
the right person wtrald not be nominated for
the succession, and that the court should be
therefore abolished nntil greater security in
regard to that might exist. It was abolished
because of the death of the judge, and our peo-
ple have been really very much, annoyed, very
nooh distressed, very much subjected to injus-
tice for want of a court there.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
from the~ Senator from California what injus-<
tice his people have suffered ? Have they been
committing crimes and had no ehance for a
court to convict them? The United States
district court has no jurisdiction of suits be-
tween citizens of California. How have his
people suffered? The only object of the Uni-
ted States courts is Jto punish men who com-
mit crimes against the United States, and to
=  . transported by them. For this service compensation
Now, let me I'emark one tning further, that 1 is claimed.
- - .... .1 r t The matter has beensubmitted tothe Postmaster
General, who reports that there is justly due p. B.
Allen & Co. the sum of $21,543 in strict conformity to
the spirit of the law.  . .
Your committee believe that said parties are justly
entitled to a much larger sum; but that sum having
been stated by the Postmaster General as due, and as
the parties mentioned prefer to take that sum rather
than to provoko controversy and incur delay, will
accept the sum in full discharge of the claim, report
a bill for said sum. This claim would have been paid
at the time the services were rendered if the Depart-
ment had been in possession of funds with which to
pay the same. A bill passed the Senate during the
last Congress for the same purpose.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BOLIVIAN NAVIGATION COMPANY.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to proceed to
the coneideration of Senate bill No. 558.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 558) to incorporate
the National Bolivian Navigation Company.
The bill was re d.
