1©
70.
THE CONGRBSSIONAL GLOBE.
4853
important section of the bill to which no atten-
tion was called while it was under considera-
tion. It is a section tepealihg a, provision in
the law of 1804 creating What are known as
consular pupils. That was a measure which
enjoyed great favor at the time, was supported
in the other House by Mr. Patterson, of New
Hampshire, now one of our own number, and
in the Senate by Mr. Fessenden and others,
and at last passed. I understand that there
are several excellent persons now in the ser-
vice with that title ; but the State Department
feel discouraged with regard to the future.
Under our consular system there is no promo-
tion ; they are, as it were, in a blind alley, and
the State Department does not think that any-
thing is gained by continuing that class of pub-
lic servants. I atn not disposed to set lfiy
judgment against that ofthe State Department.
The provision was originally adopted with a
sincere hope that it might contribute essen-
tially to the efficiency of the consular service.
As far as its operation is known I am disposed
to think that it has done well, and my friend
from Vermont, I think, has seen something of
its operation himself during his visit to Europe,
and 1 believe thinks well of it.
But, under the circumstances, as I have
already said, I am not disposed to interfere
with the desires of the State Department.. They
have come to the conclusion to abandon that
mode of service. I regret it. I wish it were
otherwise. 1 wish the Department, could see
some way of continuing it. Therefore, unless
there is objection, I shall withdraw my motion,
but I can do it only by unanimous consent;
and I appeal to the Senator from Vermont,
who, I know, is interested in the question, for
his judgment on the subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Iregietthat
the policy of the Government is such as does
not seem to admit of the promotion of these
consular pupils. I happen to know that more
than one of them have rendered exceedingly
efficient service. One of them was for a time
appointed as consul, but he was immediately
superseded by a person that in comparison
with him was wholly incompetent, I may say, to
the discharge of the duties. One of these con-
sular pupils has contributed perhaps as much
valuable information to the Department as
even any consul abroad. I regret that there
is a change iu the policy of the State Depart-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Massachusetts, with
the leave of the Senate, to withdraw the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. SUMNER. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ilehas that right
with the leave of the Senate. The motion is
withdrawn, and the bill has passed, and will be
sent, to the House of Representatives.
tax bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. After consulting with the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] in regard
to the appropriation bills pending, I ask that
the bill (H. R. No. 2045) to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes, be set for one
o'clock to-morrow, by a general understand-
ing or a special order; I do not care how it is
done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks that the House tax bill be made the
special order for to-morrow at one o'clock. Is
there objection?
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know what
the chairman ofthe Appropriation Committee
says upon that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have consulted with
him. I think it would be better to have the
tax bill follow immediately the pending appro-
priation bill. I should prefer that. _
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope to finish
both this bill and the consular appropriation
bill by that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing that
the consular appropriation bill shall be dis-
posed of after this Post Office bill before we
take tip the tax bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio changes his motion so that after the Post
Office appropriation bill and the consular ap-
propriation bill shall have been disposed of
the tax bill shall be taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that will be the order. It is the
order of the Senate.
rost office appropriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 1828) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Oiliee Department
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thependingques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] to the amendment of
the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,]
which, peihaps, had better be read, as it was
offered late last night, when the Senate was not
very full.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the amendment of Mr.
Ramsey, and in lie'u thereof to insert—
That the authority to frank mail matter and to
receive such matter free through the mails by Sen-
ators, Representatives, and l)elf!"utos from Terri-
tories iu tho Congress of the IJuited States, the
Secretary of tile .Senate and Oterk of the House 'it
Representatives be, and the same is hereby, abol-
ished ; and all congressional and executive docu-
ments and such publications or books as have been
or maybe published. procured, orpurchased by order
of eithor House of Congress, or a joint resolution of
the two Houses which shall be considered public
documents, entitled by existing law to bo franked
as such, and all seeds, cuttings, roots, and scions,
authorized by existing law to bo iranked. shall pass
tree thioilgh the mails fiom the city of Washington
to their destination, when the envelope shall be
marked or stamped designating what the packagc
contains, in such manner as the Postmaster Ueneral
shall by regulation prescribe.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President,, I will
take two or three minutes to state what the
effect of that amendment is, as the Senate was
not full last evening when it was offered. I
will occupy but two or three minutes, and if
Senators will listen to me they will understand
exactly the effect of it. The object of my
ameudmfent and its effect are to take away from
members of Congress, the Secretary ofthe Sen-
ate, and the Clerk ofthe House of Represent-
atives the right to frank, to abolish the frank-
ing privilege on the part of Congressmen,
and all connected with Congress, to leave to
the Departments the right to frank as they
now do, believing, as I do, that tho cheapest
possible way by which the Department can
carry on their business is the manner in which
they now do it; that it will lead to an addi-
tional expense and increase of opportunities
for fraud if we adopt the stamp system as pro-
posed by the chairman of the Committee on
Post Otiices and Post Roads.
Then this amendment provides, in order to
supply the people ofthe country with the doc-
uments that are published by Congress, that
all that matter published under the authority
of Congress, and which is known under tho
name of public documents sliallgo free through
the mails, on being stamped in such manner
as the Postmaster General shall, by general
regulation, prescribe. That is, it is to have
a mark or stamp put upon it, a^ there is now
by the superintendent of our document-room,
"Agricultural Report/' or whatever it is, in
such manner as the Postmaster General shall
direct by general regulation ; and then the doc-
ument is to go free through the mail from the
city of Washington to its destination; nowhere
else. It will just allow the congressional matter
to go out to the country from this city, but not
to pass through the mails free anywhere else.
1 think that this will accomplish all that is
desired by the people.. It will relieve mem-
bers of Congress; it will still let the documents
go out to the country. The great abuse that
has been complained of, say what we will about
it, lias arisen out of the franking privilege ex-
ercised by members of Congress and by per-
sons pretending to act for them. It is the
abuse of the franking privilege or of the franks
of members that has been complained of, and
in scattering through the country,a' vast amount
of worthless matter. I think this will accom-
plish all that it is desirable to accomplish, and
we shall certainly get into great confusion if
we repeal the right, of the various Departments
to carry on their correspondence, and provide
no substitute. The Senator from Minnesota,
[Mr. Ramsey,] when he-came in with his sub-
stitute of $l,20t),000 to be expended in pur-
chasing stamps for the Departments, and the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. dnake.'jwhen he
came in with his proposition of 55500 to each
member of Congress, I confess satisfied me
that it was not the best thing to pass the prop-
osition as it, was originally moved.
Mr. FOWLER. This amendment seems to
me like a bill of indictment against members
of Congress, and we are asked to confess judg-
ment in advance. For one I do not propose
to do it.
ilr. SPRAGUE. There is a most perfect
check in this matter in the teports of all your
bureaus and Departments in this: that in all
of them is recorded the number of letters they
receive, and the number of letters they send
out; and that lias beeu the custom from time
immemorial. In all tho Departments of tho
Government, and bureaus and divisions they
state at the beginning of every fiscal year, in
order to show the work of the Department,
how many letters have been sent, and it is eas}',
therefore, to give each one the number of
stamps necessary to perform the duties of the
office ; and if the head of the office uses more,
the record is theie to check him.
There is more difficulty and perhaps more
abuse iu the use of the franking privilege by
the various bureaus and Departments other
than the congressional department of the Gov-
ernment than in the congressional depart-
ment itself, and [think the Postmaster General
feels that it is so. lie desires in the first place
to put his finger with a view to obviate the
difficulties winch are constantly growing up.
He is obliged constantly to transport packages
of large bulk and great weight in the interest
and for the private advantage of all these
bureaus, Departments, and divisions of the
Government other than Congress.
Mr. HAULA.N. I hope this will not be
adopted as a substitute for the proposition
brought in by the Post Office Committee. As
the original amendment now stands it will not
take effect until October. If we should adopt
the amendment as it has been amended the
Post Office Committee, after consultation with
the head of that Department, can bring iu a
measure that would be more complete, I have
no doubt, than theproposition ofthe honorable
Senator from Illinois. It would doubtless bo
a very good thing as far as it goes. It provides
a substitute to some extent fortfhe present, sys-
tem ; but the abuse iu all human probability
has been quite as great in the Departments on
the part, of officials as on the part of members
of Congress. 1 hardly puss a day without re-
ceiving a hitter from some person employed in
some one of the Departments, under an offi-
cial frank, on tho private business of the writer.
It is as desirable to cut off this abuse of the
franking privilege by the employes in^the De-
partments on the part of the employes of the
two branches of Congress and the me_mbers of
Congress. As it presents itself to my mind, it,
would be much better to cure the whole evil at
once, and permit the Post Office Committee,
in consultation with the Department, to bring
in a measure here for the purpose of covering
official matter.
