1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No doubt any member
of the Senate can make a motion to postpone
the pending order and take up any other busi-
ness, and if the construction which the Senator
desires to put upon this rule be adopted it
enables any member to consume time in dis-
cussion as to whether the bill to be taken up
shall be taken up or not; but if the construc-
tion proposed by the Chair be put upon this
rule, then the question is decided without debate
and no time is consumed; and that is the merit
of the construction proposed by the Chair. Sup-
pose a bill is pending before the Senate and
some other Senator desires to postpone that
bill and take up one of which he has charge ;
he makes a motion to that effect, and if it is
decided without debate there is no time con-
sumed. The Senate is not bound to adopt the
jnotion simply because a Senator makes it.
The Senate is supposed, of course, to under-
stand the merits of the question pending before
it, for, as a general rule, it has been the sub-
ject of discussion, and the merits of the pend-
ing question are understood; and if the rule
be so construed as to cut off debate no time
is consumed. But, sir, if you construe this
rule so as to deprive a person who proposes to
take up business of the right to discuss the
merits of his proposition, and at the same
time allow those who are opposed to it unlim-
ited debate, the object of the rule is defeated
and there is no reason or justice in such a
proceeding.
It seems to me, as we have no previous
question in this body, that we ought, as the
body is large and increasing in size, to make
an effort as far as practicable without any undue
restrictions of debate to economize as to time,
and to expend the time that we employ in dis-
cussion upon the merits of bills proposed for
action. In a majority of cases, if I am not
mistaken, the question as to which bill shall
take precedence is more a matter of pride and
ambition with the particular members who have
charge of respective measures than a question
in which the public is particularly concerned;
for in all human probability they are both
questions that ought to be considered and will
be considered in due time; but one member
has a bill in charge, and he is very anxious that
action shall be had upon that bill; another
member has a bill in charge, and he is ambi-
tious that his bill should take the lead; and so
a conflict accrues, and upon that there is an
elaborate discussion of the merits of the two
measures, more or less. If you allow discus-
sion at all it will necessarily lead to a com-
parison of the merits of the two bills, and it
would be impossible for the Chair, it seems to
me, to draw the line of demarkation, for when
one bill is arrayed against another, and the
question is as to which bill the Senate shall
take up or with which they shall proceed,
of course it necessitates a comparison between
the two measures as to the merits of the two
measures, to a greater or less extent. Each
member may state, so far as the matter of time
is concerned, which ought to be considered
first, and confine his discussion to that point;
but I hope that the construction which has been
adopted by the Chair will be sustained by the
Senate, for the sake of economizing time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, if I
thought we could get a vote on the question
submitted by the Chair to the Senate 1 would
not make the motion that I have risen to make,
but I am afraid we shall discuss all day the
meaning of this rule. I think the Chair's con-
struction of it the proper one; but as there
seems to be no probability of getting at any
decision about it, I move that the bill under
consideration, the Senate bill relative to Vir-
ginia, be laid upon the table with a view of
taking up the House bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That motion is not in
order now. There isanother question before the
Senate, a question of order. If I understand
the Chair there is a question of order pending
before this body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order made by the Senator
from Vermont. The question of order has
been submitted by the Chair to the Senate for
them to decide, and have his rulings in the
future governed by their desires. The motion
before the Senate is to postpone the present
and all prior orders for the purpose of taking
up another bdl. The question whether the
present and all prior orders are debatable un-
der that motion is submitted to the Senate.
The bill now is not before the Senate; the
question of order is before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it not competent to
lay the question of order on the table ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is important to
settle this question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is not in order to lay this question of order
on the table, or else the sixth rule would be
entirely defeated, which says that "the Pre-
siding Officer may call for the sense of the Sen-
ate on any question of order." He has the
right to take the advice of the Senate, as the
President of the United States has the right, by
the Constitution, to take the advice of the Sen-
ate on various matters; and this Presiding
Officer simply desires to have the opinion of
the Senate expressed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want to occupy
time, although my friend from Illinois is very
suspicious about delays lately, I notice. The
real difficulty about this case, the one that
creates confusion, is the fact that the motion
which the Senator from Nevada has made is
one that is absolutely out of order itself, be-
cause the eleventh rule declares in express
terms what motions shall be received when a
question is under debate. Now, one o'clock
was reached ; the Virginia bill was before the
Senate, without anybody's motion, for consid-
eration, and the question was on agreeing to a
certain pending amendment. That question
was under debate. The rule speaks upon that
and declares that in that state of the case no
motions shall be received except those which
are enumerated and in their order, and Sen-
ators will search in vain to find any motion to
postpone and to proceed to something else.
There is no such motion in the books.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Read the latter part of
the rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will:
"And motions to take up or proceed io the con-
sideration of any question sha.ll be determined with-
out debate upon the merits of the question proposed
to be considered."
That is, without debate upon the merits of
the question that you wish to go to. Now,
there is not any such motion recognized under
this rule as the one which has been stated.
Mr. STEWART. My motion is not that. It
has been modified.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the motion now?
Mr. STEWART. The motion is to proceed
to the consideration of the Virginia bill of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That motion is not in
order at all, because the rule declares that no
such motion shall be received. The only mo-
tion the Senator wants to make, if lie wishes
to make one at all, which I begin to doubt,
is, that this bill bo postponed until to-morrow,
which is a day certain, or postponed indefi-
nitely, as he pleases. Now, then, if it can be
supposed that debate can be stopped upon a
motion to postpone until to-morrow, or indefi-
nitely, we shall have to outrage these rules a
little more than even this proposition.
Mr. CONKLING. May I make ail inquiry
of the Senator?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; not just now.
This question of a double motion was raised not
long ago, just before, sir, we had the honor of
your coming to us, by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Shermax]—I am very sure I am right in
the Senator—who when some member made
a motion of this kind, to decide by one vote
not only that the pending question should be
postponed but another taken up, made the
objection that that was a double motion, not
recognized by the rules, and could not be en-
tertained ; and that objection was sustained
with the general acquiescence of everybody.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will allow
me to say that I simply called for a division
of the question, which I had a right to do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think my friend is mis-
taken about that.
Mr. SHERMAN. -My recollection is what
I have stated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the question were
divided, of coarse one branch of it might be
debatable and another might not.
Mr. CONKLING. After making my ac-
knowledgments to my honorable friend from
Vei'mont, for his courtesy in affording me the
information which I sought, and which was so
small a piece of information that I beg to say
to him it would not have diminished the great
fund of his knowledge perceptibly at all, I desire
to inquire of the Chair whether I am wrong in
my understanding of the motion submitted by
the Senator from Nevada? If I heard him
aright, he moved to lay aside the pending and
all prior orders in order that we might proceed
to the consideration of the House Virginia bill.
Was that the motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was the
motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Now the Senator from
Vermont seems to understand that that was a,
double motion, the effect of which was to be
to bring the House bill before the Senate with-
out another motion. I do not so understand it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from New
York is right, as I hope he is, then the simple
question is 011 the motion to postpone the pend-
ing bill, and that certainly is open to debate.
Mr. CONKLING. That would be the simple
question as I understand it, except that the Sen-
ate would be informed in advance what the ob-
ject of the mover was. The Senate would know,
and would vote intelligently by knowing, that
if the motion prevailed the Senator from Ne-
vada then intended to submit a motion to take
up the House bill. Now, if that be the motion
we are all satisfied, at least the Senator from
Vermont and I ; and that embraces the entire
Senate for this purpose, because I speak for
myself and the Senator from Vermont speaks
for everybody else. Weshouldthenagreethat
that was in order, as I understand, and the
Chair rules that that is in order, and rules that
debate upon the merits of these propositions is
not in order. Am I right in so supposing?
The VICE PRESIDENT. -The Chair has
not made any such ruling as that. The Chair
understood the Senator from Nevada, as the
Globe will show to-morrow, to make a motion
to postpone the further consideration of the
Virginia bill known as the Senate bill, for the
purpose of takingup and reading a second time
the Virginia bill known as the House bill. It
was a compound motion ; and although the
Senator from Vermont states that such a mo-
tion is not in order, it is within the recollec-
tion of the Chair, as of Senators, that it is very
frequently made; in fact, it is the ordinary
motion in the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. By general acquiescence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ It may be by
general acquiescence, but certainly it has grown
to a usage, which, whether more honored in the
breach than the observance, has been as old
certainly as the acquaintance of the present
Presiding Officer has been with the debates of
the Senate by perusing them, often made in
this body. As to its divisibility, that question
was not raised as it was raised by the Senator
from Ohio some time since, as is stated by the
Senator from Vermont. If the motion was
made by the Senator from Nevada simply to
postpone the consideration of the Senate Vir-
ginia bill, indicating his intention to miove
something else, that clearly would be debat-
able ; the latter part of the eleventh rule^does
not apply to it, Compounded together the
