1870.
MB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1821
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired and the funding bill ia before
tlw Seuate.
Jlr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Ohio
assents to the continuation of this bill, as it
will cause 110 debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
oljectiou the regular order will be informally
passed over, subject to call for it.
Mr. DRAKE. I would rather have on oppor-
tunity to examine this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is reported from the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DRAKE. I would prefer that the mat-
ter should not go on now.
Mr. ANTHONY. This bill has been before
the Committee on Commerce and reported with
amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri objects, and the regular order must be
proceeded with.
Mx.ANTHONY. Does the Senator object?
Mr. DRAKE. I want to have an opportu-
nity to examine this matter, I remember on
one occasion here the very summary manner
in which an attempt on my part to have an act
of incorporation passed through theSenate was
strangled on theground that we had nobusiness
to be chartering corporations all over the face
of the earth. I want to look into this matter
and see if it does not belong to the same class
of cases.
Mr. ANTHONY. It does not belong to the
same class of cases. It is merely a bill in the
direction of what everybody is trying todo now—
give some chance for the extension of our com-
merce
The VICE f RESIDENT. Thehill. is not
before the Senate, being objected to.
SXBCDIIVK COMMUNICATIONS..
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message (torn thfe President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 4th
instant, correspondence in regard to the so-
called Transcontinental, Memphis, El Paso,
«ad Pacific Railroad Company; which, on
motion of Mr. Howard, was referred to ths
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, aad ordered
to be printed.
He also laid before the Setiate a message
from the President bf the-United States com-
municating, in ootnjvlrane* witfe a resolution
of the Senate of the 28th of February last,
information as to what legislation is necessary
to inmre the administration of justice and to
protect American interests in Cbinaand Japan;
which, on motion of Mr. Pomtbroy, was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
sttffe of texas.
The VICE PRESIDENT'. The Chair has
also had sent to him, through the General-in-
Chief of the Army, a letter from General
Reynolds, commanding the fifth military dis-
trict, transmitting the ratification by the Legis-
lature of Texas of the thirteenth, fourteenth,,
and fifteenth amendments to,the Constitution
of the United State*, the constitution of the
State of Texas ratified by Wre people, and
various military orders respectfully submitted
for the approval of Congress, in compliance
with the seventh section of the act of April 10,!
1869; which will be referred to the Cominft-*
tee on the Judiciary, and be pirinted.
FUNDING SILh.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
1 resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
380) to authorize the refunding and consolida-
tion of the national debt, to extend banking
facilities, and to establish specie payments, tho
pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Howard to the amendment of thp Com-
* mitteeon Finance, which was in section eight,
" line fifteen, after the word '' act'' to insert the
' words:
And any such banking association may, on such
terms as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the
xreasiiry, exchange its bonds now deposited iisaeour-
ity under said act for bonds issued under this act for
the purpose aforesaid.
So as to make the clause read:
And all national banking associations organized
under said act, or any amendments thereof, are
hereby required to deposit bonds issued under this
aot, as security for their circulating notes, within one
year from the date of the passage of this act; and
any such banking association may, on such terms as
may be prescribed by tho Secretary of the Treasury,
exchange its bonds now deposited as security under
said act for bonds issued under this aot for the pur-
pose aforesaid.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask permission to add a
few words to my amendment in order to meet
an exigency.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
& right to modify it.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to add after the
word "Treasury" the words "and at the
market price current in the city of New York,"
so that it will read: .
And any such banking Association may, on such
terms as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury and at the market price current in tho city
of New York, exchange its bonds now deposited as
security under said act for bonds issued under this
act for the purpose aforesaid.
Mr. SHERMAN.'' I think I can show tho
Senator that the amendment, although the
purpose is right enough, is not necessary under
the state of the law. The eighth section of
this bill provides for a change of the security
for the circulating notes of the national banks
within one year after the passage of the act.
It is an amendment to the original banking act
in that respect. By reference to the banking
act I find that this provision of the Senator is'
entirely unnecessary; and I have made inquiry
and find thatpractically it is unnecessary. The
twenty-sixth section of the currency act has
this provision in regard to the exchange of
bonds one for another:
"And said Comptroller, upon tho terms prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, may permit an
exchange to be made of any of the bonds deposited
with the Treasurer by an association for other bonds
of theTInited States authorized by this act to be
received as security tor circulating notes, if lie shall
be of opinion that such an exchange dan bo made
without prejudice to the United States."
Under this section of the nctexchanges are
daily made at tke Treasury Department of
form of bond far auother form of bond. ■ It is
aa ordinary, transaction. There is no practical
difficulty hi the way. Bonds are not withdrawn
is the way suggested last night in debate, bnt
the practical way is for a bank to give notice,
under regulations prescribed bv the Treasury
Department, of its degire to sell, say $10,000
of ita-bonds. Then the bank purchases in Now
York a corresponding amount of some Other
bonds, and the exchange is made in one trans-
action at the Treasury Department; The new
bonds are substituted for the old. Tho old
bonds aire sold deliverable at the Treasury
Department here, and the new bonds are pur*
cbaseddeliverableat theTreasnry. The whole*
is one transaction, *0 that there ir practically
no difficulty. . 1 . ./
Tfae exchange- of bonds is already provided
for in the first three sections of this bill. -Awy
bank may under the first, second, and third
sections of the bill exchange any portion ctf it*
old-bonds that it desires to do, on -tbeAerme of'
the act, for the new bonds. For instance, the
first section provides that any person, including
a bank, may exchange any five-twenty bonds
focanyof the five per cent, bonds. The second
section -provides that any person, including a
bank, mayexchange any ot the'coin interest-
bearingbonds for.the new four and a half per
cent, bondsj t -The third section provide® that-
any person, inclnding a bank) may exchange
any form of United States securities, including^
even the United States notes, for a bond bear-
ing foBur per cent, interest. So that there is
ample provision for the exchange of bonds.
Now, as to the sale of bonds, any bank may,
under the provisions of the eighth sectioBy with-
draw any portion of its bonds now on deposit
and sell them in the money market of New
York, and avail itself of any premium that it
may be able to get, and place in the Treasury
Department any other form of security that is
authorized by law. I have made the inquiry,
and find that there is practically no difficulty
in the way. The banks can either exchange in
the way that has been <lone heretofore to the
extent of thousands of millions, under regula-
tions presoribed by the Treasury, under the
twenty-sixth section of the banking act, or they
may sell in open market, and in this way avail
themselves of the benefit. So I think the Sen-
ator's amendment would rather produce con-
fusion in the bill, while the existing law will
accomplish what he desires.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I doubt
very much whether the existing law does
accomplish what I have in contemplation. I
bave looked intp the currency act to which the
Senator refers, and I have not been able to
come to the same conclusion. The kind of
bonds which are deposited by the various banks
are not these bonds which we are about to issue.
They are a different kind of bonds. Most of
them bear interest at six per cent., payable in
gold. The bonds which we propose to issue
do not bear so high a rate of interest; and it
is not likely that a bf^nk having on deposit with
the Treasurer six per cent, gold interest pay-
ing bonds would be willing to exchange them
at par for bonds bearing a lower rate of interest.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Michigan
could not have understood tny argument, '
Mr. HOWARD- Yes; I understood it very
Mr, SHERMAN, I say that any kind of
bonds now on deposit as security ean be sold
by the banks just as freely now as they could
be if they were in their own vaults in the banks,
under the existing law.
Mr. HOWARD. Where does the Senator
fiud that clause?
Mr. SHERMAN. I read the language in
the twentyrsixth section of the currency act,
and I will read it again.
Mr. HOWARD. I have it before me.
Mr. SHERMAN.- The national banks daily
sell their bonds held by the Treasury. They
are authorized at any time to sell any of those
bonds upon condition that • they put into the
Treasury, an equal amount of other bonds
authorized by law. It is an ordinary transac-
tion. Sometimes banks have told their 1881s
and put in ten-forties; sometimes, they have
sold ten* forties and put in five-twenties, as an
ordinary transaction, availing themselves of
the state of the market.
j Mr. P0MERQY. This compels them to
| sell.
Mr. SHERMAN. They have arigjhf to do
it, atid will do it within a year.
Mr. HOWARD. The twenty-sixth sec-
tion—'— ' ,
. Mr. MORTON. Jh order to understand the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan I
should Hke-1  ask him a question.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
Mr. MORTON. This amendment provides
tbat the banks may exchange their present,
bonds for the new bonds at toe market price.
I ask if that does not authorize the Government
of the United State? to dispose of its bonds at
less than par? Suppose the market price of
the four per cents should be eighty per cent.,
would not the banks have the right to exchange
their present bonds at that rate and get the
difference in bonds, virtually selling our bonds
at a discount to the banks, whereas it is our
policy to require all these bonds to be taken at
par, and not to dispose of any of our bonds at
a discount ?
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, let us look
at the subject-matter we are discussing more
carefully. The eighth section, which I propose
to amend, reads thns:
That on and after the 1st day of October, 1870,
rogistered bonds-of any denomination not less than
