1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5597
iowa land grant.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 477) to amend an act entitled
"An act for a grant of land to the State of
Iowa in alternate sections to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad in said State," approved
May 12, 1804, and to grant lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad from O'Brien county,
Iowa, to the Missouri river.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
mjbnomonee indians.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 849) to authorize the sale
of certain lands reserved for the use of the
Menomonee tribe of Indians, in the State of
Wisconsin.
Mr. SHANKS. I suggest that that bill be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SAWYER. I am sure if the House will
hear the bill read no one will object to it.
Mr. TAFFJB. I object to it.
removal ob political disabilities.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1041) to relieve certain per-
sons therein named from the legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment, of the Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes ; which was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
william chinn.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 545) for the relief of Wil-
liam Chinn.
Mr. HAMILL. I object to the passage of
that bill.
.The bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
naval contractors.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 92) for the
relief of certain contractors for the construc-
tion of vessels of war and steam machinery.
Mr. ALLISON. I object. That joint res-
olution ought to be considered by a committee.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to refer-
ring it to the Committee of Claims?
Mr. WELLS. Yes, sir; I object.
bankrupt law.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1021) in amendment of the
act entitled "An act establishing a, uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States."
Mr. WILKINSON. That bill should be
referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. POLAND. If the gentleman will hear
it read, I am very sure that he will see that
there can be no possible objection to it.
The bill was read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object,
and ask that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JENCIvES. 1 object to that.
removal or causes.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 844) for the removal of
causes in certain cases from State courts to
the United States courts, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. WOODWARD. I object to the passage
of this bill at this time.
Mr. SCHENCK. it relates to revenue cases.
I move that it be referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
lands sold jtor direct taxes.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (8. No. 995) for the relief of pur-
chasers of land sold for direct taxes in the
insurrectionary States.
Mr. ALLISON. Let this bill be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
No objection was made, and the bill was
taken up, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
soldiers' monuments.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 215) granting
condemned ordnance for the soldiers' monu-
ments at Providence, Rhode Island, and at
Bucksport, in the State of Maine.
The joint resolution, which was read, author-
izes the Secretary of War to deliver to the
Governor of Rhode Island four condemned
iron mortars, to be used in the erection of a
soldiers' monument at Providence, Rhode
Island, and to deliver to the municipal author-
ities of Bucksport, Maine, four condemned iron
cannon and one hundred shot or shell, to be
used in the erection of a soldiers' monument
at that place.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was taken up, read a first, second, and
third time, and passed.
equestrian statue to general rawlins.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 247) direct-
ing the Secretary of War to place at .the dis-
posal of the President certain bronze ordnance,
to aid in the erection of an equestrian statue
to General John A. Rawlins.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the Secretary of War to place at the- disposal
of the President of the United States such
bronze ordnance as may be no longer useful,
to be by him contributed and applied to the
furtherance and completion of the said monu-
ment in bronze; and that such number thereof
as may be required in the execution of the same
be given by him when the plaster model for
the said statue shall have been completed;
provided that the said monument, when com-
pleted, shall be erectcd upon such public ground
in the city of Washington as may hereafter be
designated by the joint Library Committee of
Congress, the title to the same to be vested in
the United States.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was taken up, read a first, second, and
third time, and passed.
sioux city and columbia railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 510) granting land to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Sioux City,
Iowa, to Columbia, Nebraska.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to the passage of
this bill.
The bill was accordingly returned to its place
on the Speaker's table.
san francisco, california.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. .No. 533) to relinquish the interest
of the United States in certain lands to the
city and county of San E'rancisco, in the State
of California.
The bill, which was read, provides that all
the right and title of the United States to that
portion of the military reservation known as
the Presidio or Fort Point reservation, situate
in the city and county of San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, shall be relinquished and granted to the
said city and county, for the purpose of main-
taining the streets and alleys as now laid out
upon the official map of the city of San Fran-
cisco, and in trust to grant and convey the
remainder of the said lands to the several par-
ties who are located on the same at the date
of the passage of this act.
Mr. WILKINSON. I object to the passage
of this bill.
The bill was accordingly returned to its place
on the Speaker's table.
nancy e. ammons.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 622) granting a pension to
Nancy E. Amnions.
The bill, which was read, directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension- •
roll the name of Nancy E. Amnions, widow
of Ephraim Amnions, deceased, late a private
of company A, third regiment North Carolina
mounted infantry, and to pay lier a pension
at the rate of eight dollars per month during
her widowhood, commencing on December 9,
1864; this act to entitle her to the benefit of
the second section of an act in regard to minor
children of a deceased soldier, for the benefit
of William E., born October 21, 1861, and
Mary O. J., born January 14,1865.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let this bill be referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
new orleans, mobile, etc., railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 878) to amend an act
entitled "An act to declare the railroad and
bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chat-
tanooga Railroad Company, as hereafter con-
structed, a post road, and for other purposes,"
approved March 2, 1868.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana._ I move the
reference of this bill to the Committee on Com-
merce.
There being no objection, the bill was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
national academy 01? sciences.
The next business on the Speaker's'table
was the bill (S. No. 881) to amend the act to
incorporate the National Academy of Sciences.
The bill was read. It provides that the act
to incorporate the National Academy of Sci-
ences, approved March 3,1863, be so amended
as to remove the limitation of the number of
ordinary members of said academy, as provided
in said act.
There being no objection, the bill was read
a first, second, and third time, and passed.
pensacola and barrancas railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
wasthejoint resolution (S. 11. No. 246) granting
the right of way to thePensacola and Barran-
cas Railroad Company through the naval and
military reservations near Pensacola, Florida.
Mr. HOLMAN. Unless the Committee on
Military Affairs have considered this resolu-
tion, I move its reference to that committee.
Objection was made to the reference : and
the bill was returned to the Speaker's table.
third arkansas cavalry.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1050) for the relief of the
third Arkansas cavalry.
The bill was read. Itprovides that the same
bounty be granted the enlisted men of the third
Arkansas cavalry who were mustered out of
the service on the 22d day of May, 1865, as is
allowed all other soldiers enlisted for three
years or during the war.
Mr. ROOTS. This is approved by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. RANDALL. I move the reference of
this bill to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If this bill makes ex-
ceptional provision for a single regiment I
object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot hear
any argument. The bill will resume its place
on the Speaker's table.
mobile and pensacola railroad.
The next business on the Speakers table
was the bill (S. No. 1011) to aid m the con-
struction of the Mobile and Pensacola rail-
road.
Objection was made.
iieirs OF ELY moore.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 990) for the relief of the
