1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3709
leave the tax only on the surplus incomes of
the rich, who have the benefit of this $1,000
exemption as well as the poor. This tax,
therefore, which yields us $37,000,000, is levied
on two hundred and seventy thousand people.
Every one of them must have $1,000 a year
after paying his rent, after consuming all that
he raises, if he can, after paying his taxes, and
having other exemptions that are provided for
by law.
Mr. SAWYERt Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question on that point ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to extend
the debate.
Mr. SAWYER. Only one moment. He
says that the law allows the farmer to deduct
from his income that which is consumed in his
family. I ask if that is not one of the very
objections to the income tax, in that the me-
chanic, who has to buy precisely those things,
is compelled to pay a tax on their value.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have statistics on that
point. There is not a mechanic in the United
States who depends on his labor for his liveli-
hood who pays an income tax unless he is a
man who receives a large salary as the foreman
of a great shop or something of that kind, ,
because the exemption now covert all kinds
of mechanical employments except those who
receive salaries for extraordinary services,
rather in the nature of professional services,
like a good lawyer  
M r. FO WLE R. Mr. President- 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 think this
debate has run about as long as it should.
Mr. FOWLER. When this subject comes
up regularly I propose to say something upon
it. There may be but two hundred and seventy-
three thousand people 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask what is
the question before the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is noth-
ing pending before the Senate, no motion of
any kind.
Mr. FOWLER. I shall occupy but one mo-
ment. There may be but two hundred and
seventy-three thousand people who pay the
income tax; but, sir, who pays it in the end 7
It all comes off the laboring element after all;
so that every dollar of tax that is placed upon
those two hundred and seventy-three thousand
people, or even a less number, must come off
the mechanics and the laboring interest of the
country finally. It does not exempt the labor-
ing interest, because the tax is placed on a
few. It makes no difference, so far as they
are concerned.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As there seems to be
no amendment pending, I desire to offer an
amendment on page 5.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish my friend would
allow me to say a word on this matter that is
now utider discussion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will offer my amend-
ment, and then the Senator can do so. I move
on page 5, in the clause in relation to the Capi-
tol police, to increase their pay as^ fixed in the
bill, or rather to leave it as it now is according
to existing law. I will state that the bill as it
stands strikes down the pay of the privates
some $500. I have sent to the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations tho amend-
ment which I had prepared on this subject. I
can, however, repeat it. On page 5, line
ninety-seven, the bill reads, "for one captain,
$1,800." I propose to strike out "$1,800"
and insert "$2,088." That was the former
pay. "One lieutenant, $1,500." I propose
to strike out "6" and insert " 8," so that it
will read "$1,800." "Thirty privates, at
$1,080 each." Instead of "$1,080" I pro-
pose to insert" $1,584." " And eight watch-
men, at $900 each." I propose to make it
tead "$1,000 each." That is the present pay
of those officers.  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois moves to amend the clause^ mak-
ing an appropriation for the Capitol police in
the manner he has stated. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Maine, representing 1
the Committee on Appropriations, to ask the '
Senate to restore the proviso at the end of this
clause in the following words:
Provided, That no disabled soldier shall be dis-
charged by reason of this act.
The Senate struck that ont on the ground
that they had not reduced the Capitol police.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I intended to
ask the Senate to restore that proviso.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be restored, as it was stricken
out by an error, as the chairman states. The
proviso will therefore stand in the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that the
number of watchmen is reduced from twelve
to eight.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The number is reduced.
I will state for the information of the Senate
that there were two lieutenants of the Capitol
police formerly, and each lieutenant was paid
$1,800. Now, this bill provides for only one
lieutenant at $1,500. There were formerly,
or are at present, twelve watchmen. This
bill reduces the number to eight; but the bill
not only reduces the number, bat reduces the
pay. It reduces the pay of the privates of
the police, as will be seen, $500. My atten-
tion was called by some of the police about
the Capitol to the fact that their salaries,
among all the salaries of officers here, were
being reduced, and they desired me to eall
the attention of the Senate to it. That is the
only object I have.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The 8enator
does not propose to restore the namber of
watchmen ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. Let the num-
ber be rednoed ; but there would seem to be
no propriety in reducing the salaries of these
particularofficers, of all others. I do not know
how these persons are to live on $1,000 or
$000 apiece. Their duties require them to be
in attendance here the whole time. Of course
they can do nothing else. I think tbey are on
doty some twelve hours. I do not see myself
the propriety of making this redaction, and at
their instance I make the motion to restore
their pay to what it was before.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will ack
the Senator from Illinois, before he sits down,
if it is not a fact that most of these officers are
honorably discharged soldiers, many of whom
have families ?
I Jr. TRU M BULL. I know that is the case
witu some of them.
1 Mr. CORBETT. I know it to be the case
, with some of them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If that is so
'• it is clearly impossible for them to live oa any
reduction of their pay.
Mr. COLE. I wish to propose an amend-
ment, which properly comes in connection with
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois;
and that is to increase the lieutenants from
1 "one" to " two." There should be two lieu-
tenants of the Capitol police. I believe the
law provides for two, ana it is rendered neces-
sary by the fact that a lieutenant has to have
charge of each watch. But one lieutenant of
course can be on duty at a time. He is on duty
with his watch, or for twelve hours, and another
lieutenant is necessary to be on duty for the
other twelve hours. I believe this was an over-
sight in the bill. I think the chairman of the
committee acquiesces in the proposed amend-
ment. It is one, in my judgment, eminently
proper, and I propose that it be made in con-
nection with the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois. If he will move it, or consider
it moved by him, I shall be obli|jed to him,
inasmuch as it comes in connection immedi-
ately with his proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California can move it as an amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois. The
! amendment of the Senator from Illinois is sim-
ply to restore the pay, without changing the
i! number of policemen. The Senator from Cali-
fornia proposes to amend the amendment by in-
creasingtlie number of lieutenants from '"one"
to "two,"' the number now employed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am not advised in re-
gard to that amendment. The Senator, I pre-
sume, is, or the chairman of ibe Committee on
Appropriations may know the necessity for it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 will state that
the Committee on Appropriations intended to
keep the Capitol police force intact—did not
intend to change the force. The original force
embraced two lieutenants, and by some inad-
vertence but one was included in the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from California to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, so as to provide for two lieu-
tenants of the Capitol police.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
rectirs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That involves
an amendment in line ninety-eight; after the
word "dollars," inserting the word "each."-
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
regarded as part of the amendment of the Sen-
ator from California. The question recurs on
,the amendment as amended.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, 1 wish •
simply to ask a question of my colleague, to
whose speech this morning I listened with very
great interest and I may say with great instruc-
tion. He made a distinction between the in-
come tax and all other taxes levied that seems
at first sight quite scientific. He says the in-
come tax is a tax on profits; the other taxes
levied by the Government are in the main
taxes on consumption. The doubt in my mind
is whether the income tax is not as much a tax
on consumption as any other; whether it is
not as much a tax on consumption as customs
duties. Nobody pays it but a person who has
an income; but that is derived from some form
of property in general or from some trade or
profession that produces income. But is it not
true that the pereon who pays that income tax
puts it on to the property or to the means from
which he derives his income? Take, for in-
stance, a man whose income is derived from
rents and who pays an income tax on the rents
he receives ; does he not enhance his rents?
Take the case of a farmer who pays an income
tax ; does he not exbance the price of the pro-
ducts he sells? So of the merchant and so of
everybody else who pays an income tax. Thus
in the end do not all taxes, except a direct tax
on property, which is not productive, which is
only levied by the 8tates and not by the Gen-
eral Government, come out of the consumerst
If that is the ease, was my colleague entirely
right?
While I am up I will say that this is a ques-
tion of very great interest. My impression is
that the great mass of the people of Ohio are
in favor of the income tax. It may be because
the great mass of them do not pay it, and it
may be that they do not see exactly that it
comes down upon them in the shape of in-
creased prices for what they consume; but I
am very much of the opinion that the mass
of the people of Ohio are rather in favor of
the income tax ; and perhaps for another rea-
son, that it is the only tax the bondholders pay
on their bonds. I think if my colleague shall
succeed in passing his funding bill exempting,
as it proposes to do, the bonds from even the
income tax, then there will be scarcely any-
body in Ohio in favor of the continuance of
the income tax. Those who are in favor of
taxing the bonds are now glad to have even
this little increment of taxation upon them in
the form of the ineome tax, rather thaa that
they shonld escape all taxation whatever.
Bat what I rose to do was, on account of the
superior knowledge my colleague has on sub-
jects of this kind, to ask him whether in point
,i of fact his classification is scientifically correct;
