1822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
$1,000 Issued under the provisions of this act, and no
others, shall be deposited with the Treasurer of the
United States as security for the notes issued to the
uational banking associations for circulation under
an act entitled," to.—
Being the currency act—
And all national banking associations organiied
under said act or any amendment thereof are hereby
required to deposit bonds issued under this act as
security for their circulating notes within one year
from the date of the passage of this act.
Under tlie penalty of having their circulation
entirely cut off and being wound up as banking
associations. That is the penalty attached to
a recusant bank by the bill of the Senator from
Ohio. They are compelled to exchange the
securities which they have already deposited
with the Treasurer of the United States for the
bonds to be issued under this bill. They can-
not bank unless they have substituted this lat-
ter description of securities for those now de-
posited with the Treasurer. I suppose there
is no doubt about that statement.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator does not
eUiIc
Mr. HOWARD. I will come to the Sen-
ator's argument directly. The question I put
last evening was how the banks are to make
this exchange. What means are they to use ?
What means are presented to them inthe statute
by which they can get rid of the bonds which
they already hold on deposit with the Treasurer
ana actually exchange them and deliver them
for the bonds to be issued under this bill? That
is the question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I stated to the Senator
that rules and regulations under the twenty-
sixth section of the currency act had been
issued and are new daily acted upon. Those
rales prescribe the mode and manner in which
this business is done. It is an ordinary trans-
action. Instead of being a complicated one,
it is a simple transaction. The bank owning
these bonds sells them deliverable at the office
of the Treasurer of the United States, and
purchases another class of bonds to the same
amount, deliverable also at the Treasury, and
there the exchange is made in a single trans-
action and is a very simple affair.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator relies on the
twenty-sixth section of the currency act. Let
us see how far that goes. It is a long section,
and I had better perhaps read the whole of it:
" That the bonds transferred to and deposited with
the ^re «urer of the United States, as hereinbefore
firovidcd, by any banking association, for the secur-
ty of its circulating notes, shall be held exclusively
fer that purpose until such notes shall be redeemed,
except as provided in this act; but the Comptroller
of the Currency shall give to any such banking asso-
ciation powers of attorney to receive and appropri-
ate to its own use the interest on the bonds which it
shall have so transferred to the Treasurer; but such
powers shall become inoperative whenever such
banking association shall fail to redeem its circu-
lating note o  aforesaid. Whenever tbfe market or
cash value of any bonds deposited with the Treas-
urer of the United States as aforesaid shall be re-
ductd below £he amount of the circulation issued
for the same,' the Comptroller of the Currency is
hereby authorized todemand and receive the amount
of sucn depreciation fin other United States bonds at
cash value, or is money, fronr the association receiv-
ing said bills, to be deposited with tho Treasurer of
the United States as long as such depreciation con-
tinues." ;
Thus Far in the section we see too allusion
made to the point which I make at all. Now
follows the passage which was relied on by the
Senator from Ohio:
"And said Comptroller, uponthe terms prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, may permit an
cxehaage to be made of any of the-bonds deposited
with tbo Treasurer by an association for other bonds
of the United States authorized by this act"—
"Authorized by this act," but not by this
subsequent act which we are about to pass—
"to bo received as security for circulating notes, if
he shall be of opinion that such an exchange can
be made without prejudice to the United States, and
no may direct the return of any of said bonds to the
banking association which transferred tho same, in
sums of not less than 81,000, upon the surrender to
mm and tho cancellation of a proportionate amount
01 such circulating notes."
This section relates not to the bonds which
are contemplated by this bill now before us.
Of course it contemplates the description of
bonds issued under the prior acts of Congress;
that is, the six per cents, and those bonds which
were issued to railroad companies and the
interest of which is payable in currency and
not in coin. It does not relate to this kind of
bonds.
I insist that nnder this section the Secretary
of the Treasury would not therefore be empow-
ered to make the exchange contemplated in
the bill now before us. It would present to
him a curious and perplexing question, to say
the least. The bonds which are to be exchanged
are such as are authorized "by this act," in
the language of the statute. Now, sir, what
bonds are authorized "by this act?" What
are they ? Turn back to section sixteen and you
will see. It provides that every association,
after having complied with the provisions of
the act—
"Shall transfer and deliver to the Treasurer of tho
United States any United States registered bonds
bearing interest to an amount not less than $30,000
nor less than one third of the capital stock paid in,
which bonds shall be deposited with the Treasurer
of the United States, and by him safely kept in his
office until the same shall be otherwise disposed of
in pursuance of the provisions of this act."
" Of this act:" showing that it was the old
bond exclusively which had been previously
issued, and which had been issued in pursuance
of prior acts of Congress and here referred
to as being the bonds which should be
exchanged.
Now, sir, I wish to get rid of these difficul-
ties by enacting in this bill a distinct clause
authorizing the exchange of the old bonds
which are held on deposit as a security for cir-
culating notes, for the new bonds to be issued
under this bill, so that there shall be no doubt
or uncertainty in the mind of the Secretary of
the Treasury or the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency as to his power to effect the exchange.
I do not think, as a question of law, at present
it would be, under the statutes to which the
Senator has referred, competent to make any
such exchange. The bonds which are depos-
ited as security for circulation are held in mort-
gage by the Secretary of the Treasury, or by
the Treasurer of the United States, as a secur-
ity for the circulation of the bills of the banks
making those deposits. That is the beginning
and the middle and the end of the office to
which they are devoted. In order to avoid all
controversies, doubts, and uncertainties as to
the rights of the banks and the power of the
Treasurer of the United States, I think we had
better incorporate this distinct clause giving
the power.
Most of the old bonds which are deposited
as security draw six per cent, interest in gold.
They will therefore be more valuable than the
bonds which are to be issued under this act
whieh we are about to pass. There will be a
difference in their market value, and that dif-
ference ought in some way to be adjusted so
as to do full justicei to the banks. We do not
intend to oppress the banks; we do not in-
tend to grind them by a stringent legislation
which shall deprive them of any money or
property. . Certainly that is not my disposi-
tion ; and I would, therefore, refer the rela-
tive value of these two descriptions of bonds
to the market price in the market in the city
of New York, to be settled by the best inform-
ation which the Secretary of the Treasury can
obtain in regard to the question of value.
Certainly, Mr. President, it can do no harm
to enact this amendment. It will remove all
doubt and uncertainty as to the power of the
Secretary of the Treasury and the rights of the
banks. Otherwise, I am afraid that contro-
versies will grow up which will be very trouble-
some to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
perhaps to the courts. ■
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing,
Mr. President, that the banks shall have author-
ity tosell their own bonds for the most they can
get in the money markets of the world. I would
not confer the power upon the Secretary of the
Treasury to buy the bonds of these banks on
any terms. It is not a business that he has
anything to do with. He ought not to be
required to buy these bonds. Authorize these
banks, if you choose, to sell their bonds in the
money markets of the world, if they can get a
premium on bonds which they now hold. This
bill does not deprive them of that right; they
have it now conferred on them in plain and
explicit language by the national bank act,
and it is a daily transaction of business that is
familiar to the ordinary executive officers. So
far as the exchange is concerned, if it is made
with their consent, it is provided for in this bill
in the clearest and most satisfactory terms.
For instance, in the first section the Senator
will see, in line sixteen, after providing for the
new five per cent, bonds, the bill reads:
Or they may be exchanged for any of the outstand-
ing bonds of an equal aggregate par value heretofore
issued, and known as the five-twenty bonds.
This right is given to the banks.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me ask the honorable
Senator, how is the bank which is the owner
of the bonds deposited to obtain them so as to
deliver them and sell them in the market?
They are held under mortgage for the security
of the circulation. The bank is not therefore
at liberty to repossess itself of them. It can-
not do it; that is the very point.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will show in a moment.
I have already twice answered that point.
Now, in regard to the second section, any bank
may buy the four and a half per cent, bonds,
or " they may be exchanged at par for any of
the outstanding obligations of the Govern-
ment bearing a higher rate of interest in coin."
Then the third section provides for another
mode of exchange all carefully stated.
But the Senator wishes to know how the
banks are going to make a sale of their bonds.
Does he suppose that people, when they sell
bonds, are going to put the bonds in market
and go before the world exhibiting their bonds
in open market, and sell them in that way ?
No bond is sold in that way. The way in
which it is done, if the Senator wants to under-
stand the mystery of it, is this : any bank may
go to New York and sell bonds of the United
States of a particular kind, deliverable at the
office of the Treasurer of the United States;
it is an ordinary transaction. Then the bank
may buy another class of bonds deliverable at
the office of the Treasurer of the United States.
The contracting parties make the exchange
there; the bank delivers the old bonds there
to the vender of the new bonds, who receives
his bonds there. Thus the exchange is made
there, and the new bonds are substituted in
place of the old by a single, simple trans-
action.
Mr. HOWARD. That would be a mere
executory contract; there would be no actual
delivery of the thing sold.
Mr. SHERMAN. The actual delivery occurs
here at the Treasury.
Mr. HOWARD. Not at all; it cannot be.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is so ; it is done every
day.
Mr. HOWARD. It is an executory con-
tract, to be performed after the agreement is
made.
Mr. SHERMAN. Every contract accom-
plishing an exchange is an executory contract,
for no bonds are delivered on the stock ex-
change. The Senator seems to suppose that
people go and take their valuables in the
exchange and deliver them in person in every
contract. It is not so. Every such contra ct
is always executory, and is usually executed
one or two or three days after the agreement.
There is no difficulty about it, I assure the
Senator. These banks will have the benefit
of selling their bonds at as high a rate as they
will bring in the market; they will get the
advantage. If there is any doubt on that
point the Senator may add at the close of this
section a distinct provision that these banks
are authorized to sell, under such rules and
