3710
THE sCOIf6rRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
whether, in point of fact, the tax upon income
is not added by the person who pays it to the
price of the commodity he sells that produce
the income, or to the rent which he receives
which goes to make up the income ? !
Mr. SHERMAN. I think my colleague will
have to draw a great tax upon his ingenuity to
convince the people of Ohio that they get an
increased price; for their corn and produce
because of the income tax, when only que
farmer out a hundred in Ohio pays any income
tax. I take it as a matter of course the income
tax falls on property. There are classes of
income tax that do fall on the consumer,, as
when a client employs my colleague as a law-
yer, aud he has to pay an income tax on hisfee,
he naturally charges that over to his client.
But the citizens of Ohio generally are not so
fortunate, and it only falls on those who have
income. It is laid down by the books, and in
Eugland, where the subject of income,tax has
been elaborated far more than we have had
occasion to do, it is always called a direct tax ,
on property. The Senator from Delaware j
.[Mr. Bayard] can inform my colleague very-
accurately about that, because he insists this is
the "direct tax " named in the Constitution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now I trust I
shall be allowed to go on with the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. One word more. There'
is no appropriation to furnish custom-houses
in this bill, and therefore I will let it alone.
[Laughter.] In one sense it is true that
almost all taxes in the end fall upon the con-
sumer, even in the case of direct taxes such
as are levied by the States. A State levies a
tax on land. If it is wholly unimproved land
the tax-payer has no opportunity to shift that
tax upon anybody else; but if it is improved
land, be puts that tax, or something on account
of his payment of that tax, on the price of the
commodities he raises; or he increases the rent,
if he rents the land to tenants. So that in the
end almost all taxation falls upon the con-
sumer. It is very difficult to fipd a, case in
which it does not. There are exceptional
cases; but in a country where all property is
productive^ in a. country where there is no
unproductive land, as there is in this country,
or no unproductive capital, it ijiight almost be
said as an axiomatic truth that in .1^9 end all
taxation falls.upon the consumer, '
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President,.it seema to. j
me that this particular discussion .should not i
be allowed to pass away without something j
being said in regard to the duty of Congress to ;
reduce the.duties upon certain necessaries of j
life imported, which are not produced in this:
country, and which will raise no dispute on* 1
vexed questions. Now, take for example tea
and coffee, two articles that may lie said to be <
articles of prime necessity. These articles are i
consumed by the poor almost as much as by- J
the rich. A poor family pays taxes to the I
Government in the way of dqtiea upon these |
articles almost to the same extent that a rich 1
family does, A poor family that has an income
of $600 per annum derived from days' work
will pay almost as much tax on these articles
to the Government as a rich family that has an j
income of. $6,000 per ai*num deriye4 from i
property or bonds. ij
Sow, sir, there is in this matter an absolute*
hardship and injustice. The whole country, :
understands it, and I think there is a common 1
sentiment, all over the nation demanding that
the duties upon these articles ofnecessity which i
enter so largely into the consumption of the
poor should to .some extent be reduced. That |
can be done without jpuch trouble; it is not a
very complex subject; it does not involve any
of those questions upon, which the country,ia
Bp much divided, and. I would say that it is,
the duty of this Congress before it adjourns to j
provide to some extent for the reduction of
the taxes upon these articles of.prime necessity j
The injustice arising from,the pr^sentdutiesi1
on these articles of necessity it requires; no
argument to show; we all understand it: and
w.& oanuotoeonvlnce the people that there is
not time and that there is not reason for the
reduction, to soitie extent, of these onerous
duties. To talk about repealing the income
tax entirely, which falls upon a man because
he has got the income, and to leave the tax
upon tea and coffee to be paid out of the hard
earnings of the poor, it seems to me is an
injustice which needs but to be stated to be
understood by everybody. I do not intend to
make any argument upon the income tax ; but
I say that in regard to these necessaries of life,
consumed by every cjass in almost equal quan-
tity, there Ought to be no dispute; and there
ought to be no division of opinion in this
Senate upoH;th>ei propriety of taking some steps
toward their reduction.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to move an amend-
ment to this bill, in pursuance of a notice which
I gave the other dayv On page 10, in line two
hundred and twelve, I move to strike out
" $2,592',' and insert " $4,000;" ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in lines
two hundred and nineteen and two hundred
and twenty of the bill, as reprinted, in regard
to the compensation of the Librarian of Con-
gress.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; the bill has been
reprinted. This is the bill laid on my desk
this morning.
The VICE-PRESIDENT. Theamendment
i3 in lines two hundred and nineteen and two
hvindredand twenty of page 10 of the reprinted
bill. The Secretary will report the amendment,
It is from the Committee on the Library, the
Chair understands.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is in
page 10 of thfe reprinted bill, under the head
of " Librarian of Congress," lines two hun-
dred and nineteen and two hundred and twenty,
tp strike out "$2,592" and insert '*$4,000;"
so as> to read, '' lor compensation of the Libra-
rian. $4,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
• Mt; iRaMSEY. I offer an amendment, to
conie in tm page 48, after the word dollafB, in
line elaveft handrefd and fifty-seven, "for addi-
tional compensation for the topographer of the
Post Office Department, $1,200." I send to
the desk to be read a- communication from
the Postmaster General, which explains that
amendment.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Post Office Department,
Washington, I>. C., May 7,1870.
SiR! IhaVb lh« honor to recommend to the favor-
able consideration of your committee an increase of
the salary, of the topographer of this Department,
whose services, ill my opinion, are justly entitled to
a higher rate of compensation, commensurate with
the importance of the position and the care and skill
required in the discharge of its duties.
xho topographer is charged with the preparation
of the* post rOUte rafcps of the United States, a work
of very great importance to the efficient .manage'
ment of thp postal service, and requiring the highest
order of artistic skill for its proper execution. The
elaborate post route maps already completed and
isstted by] the Department fully attest his superior
qualifications, and the efficiency with which he has
discharged his duties. By the law of March 3,1853,
the tfepographer'for this Department was rated as a
fourth-elass clerk,. at a salary of $1,800 per annum,
and al though bis duties have since greatly increased,
both as regards the amount of work he performs
and the charaotor of the work, no increase lias been
made in his salary. I think his present compensa-
tion is wholly inadequate, and respectfully , recom-
mend an increase of Ui3',salary to $3,003 per annum.
1 am, very respaetfaily; youi' obedient servant,
i JOHN A. J. CRBSWELL,
. , , Po*t ia*tir 6'eneral.
Hon. Alexandra Ramsey, Chairm-tn 'Committee on
Post Office* ana Post lloadu. United States Senate.
Mr. .MOEJIILLt of Maine; I ask that the
amendineut be stated again.
The VICE-,PllESiDENT.- The amendment
will be read.
The amendment, was re^d.
Mr. MOL&lilLL,.of Maine. How doefc the
Senator from Minnesota understand that that
will make thi3 officer's-pay V
Mr. RAMSEY, lie is nowa fourth-class
clerk, receiving $1,800 salary. Th6 proposir
tion is to increase his compensation to $3,000
a year. He is esteemed by the head of the
Post Office Department to be an officer of fut-
fieient capacity to justify an increase ot' his
salary to that amount. Others, whose talent
and ability is of a much lower grade in ni.'my
Departments of this Government, have hail
their salaries raised to sums even larger.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest that
this seems to be an awkward way to do what
is proposed. If the design is to raise the
salary, let the amendment say precisely what is
meant.
Mr. RAMSEY. The amendment does say
precisely.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As this particular
bill appropriates for the salaries of these offi-
cers, why not say directly that the appropriation
for this salary shall be $3,000?
Mr. RAMSEY. It says just what is equiv-
alent. This officer now ranks as a foarth-class
clerk and receives $1,800; add to that $1,200,
and the result is $3,000. A very simple pro-
cess of addition will produce that result.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not being so
ready in that direction as-the Senator from
Minnesota, that suggestion did not occur to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Maine
will allow me to make a suggestion. I have
looked at this proposition, and what is it?
Here is a fourth-class clerk who thinks he
ought to have a salary of $3,000. He would
not resign his office, I imagine, if it were not
given. If this amendment be adopted there
will be a great number of other amendments
of the same kind. I trust the Senator from
Minnesota will not press it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I beg the Senator's pardon.
It will not necessarily bring here a great num-
ber of other applications of the same kind.
This is an officer who has special and important
duties to perform.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is to put a fourth-
class clerk at a higher salary than the chief
clerk or any other clerk in any Department.
It would put him on the same grade as the
Second and Third Assistant Postmasters Gen-
eral.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I doubt whether
there is anything peculiar in this case.
Mr. RAMSEY. This officer is already des-
ignated as topographer. He is virtually the
head of a particular branch., or you may call
it a bureau. The talents required of him are
peculiar and of such a nature that you can
afford to pay well for them. He is constantly
employed. His maps are very creditable to
him and to the Department. When he went
into that position many years ago there were
two or three assistants assigned to hipn. They
w;ere then sufficient; but under the growth,
of the business of the Post Office DeparU
ment and, the multiplication of these maps,
he is constantly employed, and with a great
number of assistants. The Postmaster Gen-,
eral gives it as .his opinion that' he is entitled
to an increased compensation because of the
service he renders, of which the Postmaster
General'is cognizant; and the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads agreed in this
opinion, and hence I have offered this amend-
ment.
The amendmeijt was rejected—ayes six, noes
not counted.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have another amendment
to propose, to fiome in at the clause appropri-
ating tor the Post Office Department, after line
eleven hundred and sixty-eight on page 48:
Thai the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Offioi
Department be, and he is hereby, aotUonzed xa
charge to the appropriation 'for mail, transporta-
tion' the salary and/>er diem of the assistant super-
intendent of the postal railway service; to the appro-
priation " for the money-order system'/ tho salary
and per diem of the special agents detailed for that
service; and to tho. appropriation "for the free-
delivery system.", the salary and p*r diem of the
special.agent detailed for that service ; this proviii-
ioa to apply tp the appropriations for the fiscalyear
ending Jane 30,18TT0, as well as to tho subsequent
appropriations tor the postal service.
