510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Chair thought the intention of the rule was that
the vote should he taken at once, so that the
Senate should decide the question as to whether
they preferred to consider another bill than the
one which they were considering. There is
apparently something always before the Sen-
ate ; the Calendar is before the Senate if noth-
ing else, and when a motion is made to proceed
to the consideration of a bill, under the latter
part of the eleventh rule it has been held by
the Committee on Rules, indorsed by the Sen-
ate last March in this amendment to the rules,
that it should not be debatable upon the merits
of the matter proposed to be considered. The
Chair supposed it governed these compound
motions in which the primary point was tho
proceeding to the consideration of a bill named
by the Senator who made it. If the Senator
from Nevada has changed his motion, as now
indicated by the Senator from New York,
simply to postpone the consideration of the
Senate Virginia bill, the Chair would not sub-
mit any question of order on it to the Senate,
for they would unanimously decide, of course,
that that was debatable, and the Chair would
so rule.
Mr. CONKLING. Now may I ask the Sen-
ator from Nevada to state the motion that he
does submit?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
inquire of the Senator what motion he did
submit?
Mr. STEWART. I moved to postpone the
present order with a view of taking up theliouse
bill for the admission of Virginia.
Mr. CONKLING. What does the Senator
mean by the words "with a view?" Does lie
mean that he contemplates another motion for
that purpose, or that he expects this motion to
effect that object?
Mr. STEWART. It has been the practice
since I have been here for the one motion to
accomplish the two objects. If there is a de-
mand for the division of the question that is
another matter.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest now to the
Senator to make the motions separately, to
move to lay aside this bill, the Senate under-
standing the purpose for which he does it, and
let us dispose of that. If it must be debated
let it be debated ; and then let us vote on the
other motion to take up the House bill.
Mr. STEWART. Very well. I will make
that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair then
withdraws the question of order he submitted,
for there is no question in regard to this motion
being debatable. The Senator from Nevada
now moves to postpone the further consider-
ation of the Senate Virginia bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. STEWART. I desire to modify my
motion still further 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The motion
last made is debatable, and I am entitled to
the floor upon it.
Mr. STEWART. I modify my motion now
so as to move to lay the Senate joint resolution
on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That cannot
be done while lam on the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont claims the floor on tho previous
motion, which is debatable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 claim the
floor for a brief time in order to discuss the
merits of the whole question. I am utterly
confounded, for myself, in trying to learn for
what reason the Republican party proposes in
such haste to commit suicide. I do not pro-
pose to speak in a party sense 
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the honorable
Senator's question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont yield the floor to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. The Republican party feels
that it ought to bo hung. [Laughter.] That
is the reason.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont declines to yield the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I decline to
yield. I did not hear the Senator's wit, and
therefore I shall not be bound to respond to it.
I will say in the outset that I do not propose to
discuss this question as a party question. I
have nearly as much confidence in the rebels
of the South in relation to our financial ques-
tions as I have in the Democratic party. I
believe that they will support the honor of the
country about as faithfully, perhaps, as will the
Democratic party, and when it comes to the
question of the emancipation of the colored
race at the South, I believe that the southern
rebels will be as true if not truer to the
cause of freedom than the northern Democ-
racy. After the adoption of the fifteenth
amendment it will not be for the interest of
the South to battle against fate. If slavery is
surrendered with reluctance and last in any
part of our country it will be in the North and
not i.n tho South. The northern Democracy
hold to slavery not only politically but jphilo-
sophiially. They will be the last to give it up.
I si all oppose, then, the admission of Vir-
ginia, I think, whether with conditions or with-
out; certainly if without, because I believe that
she is not loyally ready to participate in the
administration of this great Government. There
is too much evidence of sinister purposes on the
part of a majority of her people. I could ac-
commodate myself. I believe the Senate could
accommodate itself to the circumstances of the
day; but the people of Virginia too plainly
show that they are not yet right, are not true
and loyal to the Constitution and a truly repub-
lican form of government. I am surprised to
hear that the man who is brought forward to
represent the majority is offered to us as a loyal
man, when his own utterances convict him of
the declaration that he will not tolerate even
the presence of Union men from tho North in
Virginia; for that is the purport of his speech
delivered at Danville, and almost the only part
of his speech which was there received with
chcers.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to call the
attention of the Senate to a document which
I believe has not yet been referred to in the
course of the debate, and to which my atten-
tion has only recently been drawn, to show
that the people of Virginia are not ready or fit
to be admttted—certainly not ready to be ad-
mitted without further conditions. By the
report of General Canby—and I ask Senators
to refer to House Miscellaneous Document No.
8, page 18—it will be seen wherein the people
of Virginia have been derelict, wherein they
have fallen short of their duty. It seems by
this report—
"That tho fourth clause of section one, article
three of said constitution, which was submitted to a
separate vote under the authority of the law and
proclamation above cited, has received a minority
of tho votes cast by tho qualifications of said State
upon the question of ratification or rejoction. and
has been duly rejected."
Now, let me call your attention to what has
been thus rejected. By reference to the con-
stitution of Virginia, to be found in House
Executive Document No. 54, page 5, it will be
found that article three, section four, reads as
follows : " Every person who has been a Sen-
ator or Representative in Congress, or elector
of President or Vice President, or who held
any office, civil or military, under the United
States, or under any State, and having pre-
viously taken an oath as a member of Congress,
or as an officer of the United States, or as a
member of any State Legislature, or as an ex-
ecutive or judicial officer of any State, shall
have engaged in insurrection or rebellion
against the United States, or given aid and
comfort to the enemies thereof," shall not be
eligible to hold office ; and then it goes on to
say: "This clause shall include the following
officers: Governor, Lieutenant Governor, sec-
retary of State, auditor of public accounts,
register," &c.; and the clause has this proviso:
" Provided, that the Legislature may by a vote
of three fifths of both houses remove the dis-
abilities incurred by this clause from any per-
sons included therein, by a separate vote in
each case." ' .
The rejection of that clause, it will be sees,
absolutely nullifies the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution of the United States. With
our eyes wide open shall we give our consent
to this action of Virginia ? Then I read in this
report of General Oanby':
" That section seven, article three of the said con-
stitution, which was also submitted to a separate voto
under the authority of the law and proclamation
ab<rfa cited, has received a minority of the votes
cast by the qualified electors of said State upon the
question of ratification or rejection, ana has been
duly rejected." . .
Now, let us see to what .that refers. By
looking at clause seven, in tjbe same article, it
will be seen that has reference, to the oath of
office:
" In addition to the foregoing oath of office, the
Governor, Lieutenant Governor, members of the Gen-
eral Assembly, secretary of State, auditor of public
accounts, Stato treasurer, attorney general, and
all persons elected to any convention to frame a
constitution for this State, or to amend or revise this
constitution in any manner, and mayor and council
of any city or town, shall, before they enter on tho
duties of their respective offices, take and subscribe
the following oath or affirmation."
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, before the
Senator from Vermont——
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not de-
sire to consume but a very small amount of
time, and I do not wish to be interrupted until
I get through, and especially not when I am
quoting verbatim an article of their constitution
which General Canby informs us was rejected
by the vote of the people of Virginia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) Tho Senator from Ver-
mont is entitled to the floor and declines to be
interrupted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It reads:
" Shall, before they enter on the duties of their
respective offices, take and subscribe the following
oath or affirmation: Provided, The disabilities
therein contained may be individually removed by
a three-fifths vote of the General Assembly."
Then the oath, in the ordinary form, is re-
cited.
Now, Mr. President, it seems to me that we
are manifesting singular haste in proposing to
admit a State that in advance tramples under
foot an important amendment that we have
made to the Constitution. What is there about
the acts of Virginia that so commend them
to our judgment? She appears to me to have
done just as little as she could do and hope to
have it answer the purpose.
Mr. President, I understand that the condi-
tions we have been voting upon here for the
past week have been applied to every State
among those which were in rebellion which
has been admitted hitherto into the Union,
and here we have a reluctance and a hesitancy
about applying them in this last and possibly
the worst case we have had before us. Cer-
tainly Virginia is one of the largest of the
rebellious States, and if conditions were im-
portant in other cases they are not less import-
ant in this case.
Why, Mr. President, it seems to me that we
are acting upon the same basis of judgment
that the girl manifested when she gave it as a
reason for marrying a notorious reprobate that
she married him in order to get rid of him.
[Laughter.] This appears to be a difScultand
troublesome question, and Congress seems to
be in a great hurry to get Virginia into the
Union in order to get rid of an importunate and
troublesome question.
Mr. President, I have called the attention of
the Senate to some of the provisions of the
Constitution which have been rejected in Vir-
ginia ; and now I ask, after the presentation
of these facts, whether there is a Republican
Senator here who will give his vote for tie
naked admission of the State without any
