1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1823
regulations as may be prescribed, their pres-
ent bonds, oa condition that they substitute
an equal amount of those bonds issued under
the bill; but I assure him it is not necessary
to put this in ; it is iu the banking law now.
This is a mere question as to words and phrase-
ology- This is an amendment of the banking
act. It has been prepared with that view ana
in such language as to make it conform to that
law. I assure the Senator there is no neces-
sity for this amendment: there is no object
wKich it can accomplish. Both he and I seek
the same object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Chand-
ler in the chair.) The question is on tha
amendment of the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard.]
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, whatever
may be the construction to be given to other i
parts of the bill, it seems to me that on this
specific subject there aoght to be no doubt, no 1
uncertainty as to our intention. I hope, there-
fore, that this amendment will be adopted. It
can do no harm and will manifestly improve
the bill by making it more certain.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have the
amendment reported again and see where it
comes in.
The Chikf Clerk. In section eight, line
fifteen, after the word "act," it is proposed
to insert "and any such banking association
may, on such terms as may be prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, exchange its
bonds now deposited as security under said act
for bonds issued under this act for the purpose
aforesaid." ,
Mr. SHERMAN. How will the section
read then?
The Chief Clsre. ' If so amended the sec-
tion will read:
And all national banking associations organized
under said act, or any amendment thereof, are
hereby required to deposit bonds issued under this
act, as security for their circulating notes, within
one year from the date of the passage of this act;
and any such banking association may, on such
terms as may be prescribed by the Secretary or the
Treasury, exchange its bonds now deposited as
security under said act for bonds issued under this
act for the purpose aforesaid.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, the effect
of that will be to allorw ninety per cent, of
cirenlation upon a four per cent. bond. Is
that what the chairman of the committee
agrees to?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that tbw would
complicate the section very much indeed.
Mr. POMEROY. Are yon to substitute for
a high-priced bond of 1881 a fonr per cent,
bond, and let the banks have the same amount
of circulation on each ? We pat ninety per cent,
of currency in circulation for every four per
cent, bond allowed to be deposited. That is
lessening the security that the people have,
because a four per cent, bond is not worth as
much as a six per cent, bond of 1881; and yet
you allow them to have the same amount of
currency.
Mr. CORBETT. I think other sections pro-
vide that there shall not be over eighty per
cent of circulation issued. •
Mr. POMEROY. That is foe the new banks.
Mr. CORBETT. The bill also requires that
the old banks shall substitute these new bonds,
and that there shall not hereafter be to exceed
eighty per cent, of circulation on the bonds
deposited. . . '
Mr. MORTON. It makes no provision for
withdrawing the ten per cent.
Mr. CORBETT. Does the chairman say
that there are to be did banks issuing ninety
per cent, and new banks eighfcy Per cent.?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer that in a
moment. I do not wish to get into a side dis-
cussion. The language of the ninth section is
very plain. Now, I will propose to the Sen-
ator from Michigan that if he willwithdraw
this amendment, and draw an addition to the
ninth section declaring specifically that any
bank may sell its bonds under such rules and
regulations as the Secretary may prescribe
under the twenty-sixth section of the banking
act, I will agree to it. If that is insisted upon
I shall make no objection. There is no real
objection to it, for that is the law now; but
there is no necessity for it; for the introduction
of this authority for the Secretary to buy at
the market price, and introduce an element of
uncertainty which I think would be very unsafe.
Mr. CORBETT. I offered an amendment
to the eighth section, which I believe is now
pending. I would call the attention of the Sen-
ator from Michigan to my amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Ore-
gon has a pending amendment this amendment
is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing amendment is the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Michigan.
Mr. CORBETT. Pending an amendment
to the section which 1 have already offered an
amendment to ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But the Sen-
ator from Michigan has offered an amendment
to the section.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe my amendment
was already pending to the section previous to
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Michigan.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk
has noted upon the bill that the Senator from
Oregon gave notice of but did not offer the
amendment, so that the pending amendment
is that offered by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CORBETT. I did offer the amendment
on the first day I made a speech here, and
moved it as an amendment. I did not have
this portion of the amendment printed, but you
will find the bill in the Globe as it would stand
if my amendments were adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator submitted
several amendments, but he could not offer ,
more than one amendment at the same time. !
The amendments of the Senator from Oregon j
were to several sections.
Mr. CORBETT. Yes; to several sections.
Mr. POMEROY. They could not as ques-
tions of order attack to several sections at the
same time. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
recognized tha Senator from Michigan, and, in
acoordance with the mernqranduin ot the Clerk,
his amendment is beifore the Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to understand
whether there cannot be amendments offered
to the entire bill at the same time, making
separate amendments in different sections ot
the bill. ,
Mr. WILLIAMS. Only one amendment can
he offered at a time. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator from Oregon that only
one amendment can be offered at a time for
action; and the Senate acted on one of the
amendments offered by the Senator. After-
w&?*dt before he moved any sMModnent to( this
section, the Senator from Michigan moved bis
amendment, and was recpgniied by the Chair.
Consequently that is now in order.
Mr. CORBETT. Then I will offer as a
substitute for the amendment offered by the
Senator from Michigan my amendment that I
proposed before if it is in order. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
ijr." CORBETT. I should like to have it
read for information if there be no objection.
Mn BUCKINGHAM. I would merely state
one result which I think may be produced it
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Michigan is adopted. Putting the most favor-
able construction upon his proposed amend-
ment, if he means that the Ireasurer of the
United States can exchange bonds wuh the
banks and issue to the banks bonds bearing
four per cent, interest, he also in connection
with that, as I understand, proposes that the
Treasurer shall pay the banks the value ot the
bonds over and above par. Is that it ? Now,
there are $346,000,000 of bonds held by banks,
worth, perhaps, an average premium of ten or
twelve per cent. This amount of premium
would amount to over forty million dollars. The
proposition, then, is for the Treasurer to go into
the market and exchange bonds and pay from
theTreasury, ifnecessary, $48,000,000 or more.
I doubt very much the expediency of doing it.
Mr. SCOfT. The Senator from Connecticut
has to some extent expressed the idea which
struck me on hearing the amendment offered
by the Senator from Michigan. It will go
further, however, if the idea is that upon an
exchange of bonds now bearing six per cent,
for those bearing four per cent, at their par
value in New York, the Treasurer is to pay
the difference. It will have this effect it will
, be at war with the fundamental principle of
the bill, which is that all the series of bonds
are to be sold at par. The effect of it will be
that the bonds which are sold at a lower rate
of interest will be sold at less than par if the
Treasurer is compelled to do this. Therefore
it is objectionable.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask for the reading of
my amendment for information.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Oregon will be read
for information.
The Chief Clerk. It is in section eight,
line five, to strike out "and no others shall'"
and to insert "may;" in line thirteen, to strike
out "required" and to insert "authorized ;"
and in line fourteen, to strike out all of the sec-
tion after the word " notesso that if amended
the section will read:
That on and after the 1st day of October, 1870,
registered bonds of any denomination not less than
$1,000, issued under the provisions of this act. may
be deposited with the Treasurer of the United States
as security for the notes issued to national banking
associations for circulation under an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currency scoured by
a pledge of United States bonds, and to provide for
the circulation and redemption thereof, ' approved
June 3,1864; and all national banking associations
organized under said act or any amendment thereof
are hereby authorized to deposit bonds issued under
this act as security for their circulating notes.
Mr. MORTON. I think the Senator from
Pennsylvania and the Senator from Connecti-
cut do not give the exact construction to this
amendment; but its true construction is even
worse than the one they give to it. It does not
require the Secretary of the Treasurv to pay
to the banks the difference between the value
of the four pier cent, bonds and of the five-
twenty bonds; but it authorizes an exchange
according to the market price of the old bond in
the market. If a bank had $100,000 of five-
twenty bonds cpmmandinga premium of twenty
per cent., it would be entitled to $120,000 ot
the four per cent, bonds. Thus the aggregate
debt of the United States would be increased
$20,000 under the operation of this amend-
ment, while the bank tfoj)M'only be required
to deposit $100,000 of the $120,000 as security
for the circulation issued by it. Ihe effect ot
it is to increase the aggregate debt by exchang-
ing old bonds for new according to the market
value, the debt being increased just to the
araountof the premium, and violating the fund-
amental principle of the bill, which is that the
new bonds shall be sold at par or exchanged
for the old bonds.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Indiana or the Senator
from Pennsylvania what substitute Pro*
pose for this amendment, assuming that the
effect which they state is to flow from it; what
is the alternative?
Mr. THURMAN. "Repudiation!"
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ohio
answers by saying repudiation. 1 hat is an
alternative which I should not like to embrace,
but I assume that those Senators who make
