1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4655
He is not for it himself
I beg pardon
I know very
Mr. CONKLING.
really.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont.
of the Senator from New York.
well what I am for.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator is not for
this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am for itas
far as it goes.
Mr. BAYARD. It strikes me that this
amendment is but a commentary upon the
character of this whole legislation. It is not
either disrespectful or unjust to-designate it as
utterly crude, unformed, and insufficient to be
worthy of the name of a reform. There is not
a single saving to the Government which is a
real and practicable result. The whole of this
system of maintaining the official correspond-
ence of the country free of charge is best
reached by the present method. I do not be-
lieve. as a matter of fact, that while the system
of printing and' distributing this enormous
mass of bulky public documents is continued
there will be a saving to the United States
Tieasury of $1,000 per annum by preventing
the other usual postal matter now franked from
going free, as it has heretofore.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Carpenter, Ferry, Fowler,
Gilbert, Hamilton ot Maryland,Harris, McDonald,
Morrill ofVcimont, Nye, Osborn, Poo), Pratt, Rice,
lioss, Spencer, Stewart, Ssrnner, Thayer, Warner,
and Williams—20.
"stAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Lrownlow,
Buckingham, Cassorly, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Davis, Drake, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe,
Howell, MeCreery, Morrill ot Maine, Morton,
Pomcrov, Ramsey, Robertson, Seott, Sherman,
Sprasue". Tickers, Wiliev, Wilson, and Yates—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron,
Corbott, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Flanagan, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Howard, Johnsr,on, Kellogg, Lewis,
Norton Patterson. Bevels, Saulsbury, ba.wyer,
Scshurz. Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, and Trum-
bull—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota as amended.
Mr. N YE. I desire to offer an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In addition or
as a substitute?
Mr. NYE. In addition. I move to amend
the amendment by adding the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That from and after the passage of this
act the publication of the Congressional Globe and
of all public documents heretofore published, in-
cluding reports of officers and Departments of the
Government, except a sufficient number for the use
of the lespcctivc Departments, be discontinued. ,
I have but a single word to_ say upon this J
amendment. I propose that this reform shall
be coaipiete, and that the honorable Senator
from Minnesota and the Postmaster General
shall not bear off all the laurels of this great
reformation. I hope, therefore, that the sug-
gestion madeiu this amendment will be adopted
by the Senate as a sequence to the amendment
offered by the Senator trom Minnesota.
Mr. DRAKE. I will inquire of the Senator
from Neva.da whether this is the great objective
point of al! his strategy and all his maneuvering
about this bill, to stop the publication ot the
Congressional Globe'?
Mr. NYE. I except to the suggestion made
by the Senator from Missouri as being unpar-
liamentary. I have used neither strategy nor
subterfuge about this measure.
Mr. DRAKE. I did not speak of suDter-
„ fuge.
Mr. NYE. Nor maneuver. My work has
been direct and to the point.
Mr. DRAKE. I did not speak of any sub-
terfuge. I simply want to know, to put it m
more parliamentary phrase, if this is the object-
ive point of the great efforts which the honor-
able Senator has made in this connection ? I
am glad to find that the Senator is so wide
awake at last to the terrible calamity which
afflicts this country through the columns of the
Congressional Globe. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. The objective point of the hon-
orable Senator seems to be that he wants the
Government to appropriate money to pay his
postage.
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. That is not mine at all. I want
a great reform. I want to save the United
States untold millions, instead of getting a
little paltry appropriation for myself. I want
to stop this great printing establishment, so as
to have the reform complete.
Mr. DRAKE. But at what a price, sir, is
the Government to save these untold millions,
when no longer shall go down through the
streams and rivulets of the Congressional
Globe to the present and to future generations
the eloquence of the Senator from Nevada and
the Senators in his vicinity! [Laughter.] Sir,
the price is too great for such a deprivation to
this country in the future.
Mr. NYE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEWART. I am paired on all ques-
tions connected with this bill with the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] during his absence
from the Senate Chamber.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Cameron. Carpenter, Cragin,Fow-
ler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, MeCreery, Mc-
Donald. Morrill of Vermont, Bye, Osborn, Pool,
Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Spencer, Sumner,
Thayer, Viekers, Warner, and Williams—22.
'NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Casserly, Cattell, Conkling, Cor-
bett. Davis, Drake, Ferry, Hamlin, Harlan, Har-
ris, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Pratt, Ram-
sey. Scott. Sprague, Trumbull, Willey. Wilson, and
Yates—26. ,
ABSENT —Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Chandler,
Cole, Edmunds, Fenton, Flanagan. Hamilton of
Texas, Howard, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis,
Norton, Patterson, Pomeroy, llevels, Saulsoury,
Schurz, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, and
Tipton—24.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. NYE. That was a pretty good vote. I
want to correct one little word in the amend-
ment, so that it shall appear properly.
Mr. IIARLAN. It is too late to amend it
after it has been rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
hear the proposition, to see whether it is in
order.
Mr. NYE. I simply want it to read, that the
publication of those documents that Congress
have been heretofore in the habit of publishing
shall be discontinued.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada desires to correct his own amendment.
Mr. NYE. Just to change the verbiage.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Chair sup-
poses there will be no objection to that, and it
will be so incorporated in the Journal. The
question recurs on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer an amendment, as
a substitute to insert the following:
That from and after the 1st day of October all laws
and parts of laws allowing the free circulation oi
letters and other matter m the mails be repealed;
and from and after the same date there ahall be one
uniform rate of two cents on letters of one half ounce
or fraction thereof.
Mr CONKLING. Is that in order? _
Mr. SUMNER. Of course it is. It is a
substitute. . .
Mr. CONKLING. Of course it is not _
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is in order, because when it was
moved previously the date of the two-cent post-
age was fixed on the 1st of August. Since
that the Senator has changed it to the 1st
of October. That is one ground. Another
ground is, that it is moved as a substitute for
the whole proposition. The Chair thinks it is
in order, though it is somewhat similar to the
proposition which was previously voted on in
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. On that amendment I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 20 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Fowler, Gil-
bert, Harris, McDonald, Nye, Osborn, Pool. Rice,
Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Spencer, Sumner, Thayer,
Viekers, Warner, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Casserly, Chandler, Conkling,
Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Drake, Ferry, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Howell, Me-
Creery, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pratt. Ramsey,
Scott, Sprague, Trumbull, Willey, Williams, and
Yates—®.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cattell, Cole,
Edmunds. Fenton, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas,
Howard, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Norton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Revels, Saulsbury,
Sehurz, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, and
Tipton—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota, as amended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not think
the Senate have got through voting on this
subject yet. [Laughter.] I move to insert
at the end of the amendment of the Senator
from Minnesota the following proviso:
Provided, That there shall hereafter be no allow-
ance made of stamps or of increased pay to Senators
or Representatives in Congress in consequence of the
abrogation of the right ot franking letters and docu-
ments.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to know whether
if that amendment is adopted by both Houses
of Congress it is to have the force of a consti-
tutional amendment,^ so that no subsequent
Congress can repeal it ?
Mr. WILSON. That is the seventeenth
amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. That is the seventeenth
amendment, is it? I merely wish to know.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will, at least,
show the intention of Congress in passing this
law.
Mr. DRAKE. Of this Congress. I should
think that intention would be sufficiently de-
veloped without putting in this proviso.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the amendment to the amendment, and
declared that the "ayes" appeared to have it.
Mr. NYE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Let us see who the reformers are.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the sound the
ayes have it.
Mr. NYE. In that case I do not call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I call for a division.
Mr. SUMNER. Then let us have the yeas
and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The demand for
the yeas and nays has priority of the demand
for a division.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. As there will be no law
authorizing the issue of stamps this amend-
ment is wholly unnecessary and is a nullity.
If it has any effect at all—I will not say that
that is' what my friend desires—it will be to
defeat this measure in the other House.
Mr. CAMERON. I hardly ever disagree
with the Senator from Indiana; but in this case
I do. In making this reform, as I said the
other day, you ought to make it radical and
perfect, and the only way in which you ean do
SO is to show the disinterestedness of members
of Congress. I do not think anything could
induce me, after passing this bill, to take stamps
