1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
security for the future, and go before his own
people at home and ask for their approval of
such a measure?
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am some-
what surprised at the outburst from Vermont
this morning; it is so unusual for my friend
from Vermont to get so far off the track and
to strike out so wildly as he has done on this
occasion. It is really surprising. His good-
nature and fine sense have hitherto kept him
out of extravagances of this character. The
simple fact of the case is that the Virginia con-
stitution was submitted to Congress, and there
was some hesitation on the part of Congress
with regard to calling an election under that
constitution, for the reason that it contained
such a sweeping disfranchising clause that it
was thought impossible to organize a govern-
ment under it. The Judiciary Committee made
a report early in the last session of the Fortieth
Congress in favor of submitting different por-
tions of the constitution separately, particu-
larly the two clauses in it that were regarded
as of such a nature as to make it impossible to
organize a Legislature under it. No action
was taken upon that report during that session ;
but after President Grant was inaugurated he
sent, to Congress a special message recom-
mending that an election be called in Virginia,
and that these different clauses be submitted
separately. The clauses to be submitted sepa-
rately were named in that special message, and
they are the very same provisions that the Sen-
ator from Vermont complains of the people
of Virginia for rejecting.
The President of the United States in his
message, which was received with universal
approbation and acted upon not only by Con-
gress, but by the country, advised Congress to
allow the people of Virginia to reject those
very clauses ; and the Senator from Vermont
voted for that bill authorizing the President to
submit the constitution in separate parts in his
discretion ; and that submission coming to us
as it did, with the recommendation of the Pres-
ident asking Congress to give the people of
Virginia an opportunity of repudiating those
clauses, was an invitation to the people of Vir-
ginia to repudiate those odious clauses, for the
obvious reason, if you will examine them, that
a government could not be organized under
them. Congress, with that message before it
pointing out these very sections, passed a law
which 1 hold in my hand, providing—
"That the President of the United States, at suoll
time as he may deem best for the public interest,
may submit the constitution which was framed by
the convention which met in Richmond, Virginia, on
Tuesday, the 3d day of December, 1867. to the voters
of said State registered at the date of said submis-
sion for ratification or rejection; and may also sub-
mit to a separate \ ote such provisions of said consti-
tution as he may deem best, such vote to bo taken
either upon each of the said provisions atone, or in
connection with the other portions of said eonstitu- ]
tion, as the President may direct." j
The President had made this suggestion, had ;
pointed out the very provisions the Seuatoi ;
speaks of, had repudiated them, and this was an 1
invitation to the people of Virginia, coining j
from the Executive, indorsed by Congress, to i
leave these provisions out of their constitution ; :
and shall it be said that because they followed ,
that invitation they are not prepared to enter i
here? But I take it the Senator from Vermont |
made the strongest argument, if his opinion be :
true, in favor of the admission of Virginia that i
has been made. He says he has more confi- |
dence in the southern people upon the question |
of the national debt than he has in the northern ,
Democracy. [
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. About as ;
much. !
Mr. STEWART. And he says lie has more !
confidence in their granting equal rights to the !
colored mnn than he has in the northern De- :
moeraey. He said " more." In that case they are
sustaining equal rights. I, too, have oiore con-
fidence in these people of Virginia who have,
amid prejudice, against the teachings and feel-
ings of ages, come forward and adopted this i
liberal constitution under which every man who
holds au office must swear that he will maintain
the equal rights of all men—I say I have more
confidence in them, coming as they do and
complying as they have done with the directions
of the Administration and of Congress, than I
have in any set of men who declare that they
are not in favor of equal rights, as the northern
Democracy have done. I think the distinction
is broad, and I thank my friend from Vermont
for pointing it out. They have come up at our
invitation and they are knocking at the door.
Shall we keep them out? If so, for what? I
say by a series of measures and invitations we
have promised to receive them. They may
deceive us, but we can better afford to submit
to that than wo can to deceive them.
I have heard Senators upon this floor say
that the power to reconstruct these States
implies the power to keep them reconstructed.
That is so if we reconstruct them in such a
manner and preserve our integrity so that the
country will indorse us ; but if you say at the
outset that you will not believe their word, if
you set the example of treachery, your arm
will be palsied and others will occupy your
seats when you revoke the Constitution of the
United States to keep these people where they
should be, in subjection to the laws. With the
thirteenth and fourteenth amendments, strong
as they are and sure as they are, I have no
doubt that we can prevent any of these States
by direct action from repudiating the great
principles upon which this settlement has been
had. If Virginia shall ever repudiate her
pledges I do not want by this tinkering to
place Congress in the humiliating and weak
position of acknowledging that there is no
power to deal with new revolutions that may
happen in the South. "Sufficient unto the day
is the evil thereof." If they repudiate the
settlement and revolutionize we have sufficient
power under the Constitution to deal with the
case, and we shall have sufficient indorsement
by a loyal people and a people who will be
indignant if this Congress is deceived. I f they
have come to us, as I do not believe, with a lie
in their mouths, the moral sense of the nation
will say " Shame!" I do not believe they have
any such intention. I would take them at their
word, and if they deceive us they will be the
greater losers. 1 am for setting an example
every time when we are deceived ; but if I have
to do that, I do not wish to be put in the posi-
tion of having first deceived.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, my atten-
tion has just been called, as has that of the
Senator from Vermont, to this difficulty m the
Virginia constitution.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to do what I desired to do before I con-
cluded, and make a motion to lay the Senate
bill on the table ? Will he allow me to make
that motion now?
Mr. MORTON. Not until I have concluded.
The difficulty brought to our notice by the Sen-
ator from Vermont is a real one, but it can be
obviated, as a similar difficulty was obviated
in the Georgia constitution. The third article
of the constitution of Virginia prescribes the
qualifications of the voters. It gives every-
body the right to vote excepting three classes
of persons : first, idiots and lunatics ; second,
persons convicted of bribery ; and third, per-
sons who have been concerned in fighting a
duel. There was a fourth clause in the con-
stitution as framed by the convention, which
was rejected at the election, that provided that
no person should have the right to vote who
was embraced under the third clause of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States. The second section of that j
article was put in before the fourth disqualifica-
tion was rejected, and when the second section
was put in it was all right; but the fourth dis-
qualification being rejected, it makes the second
section of the article wrong. That second sec-
tion reads thus:
"AU elections shall be by ballot, and all persons
entitled to vote shall be eligible to any office within
the gift of the people, except as restricted in this
constitution."
Therefore, it makes all persons eligible to
office except idiots and lunatics, persons con-
victed of bribery, and persons who have been
concerned in fighting a duel. It makes eligible
to office persons who are ineligible under the
third clause of the fourteenth article of the
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States. That, of course, we do not intencj to
admit.
Mr. STEWART. Let me ask the Senator
a question. In making State constitutions is
it usual to refer to the limitations there are in
the national Constitution on the question of
lioldingoffice? Therewerebefore thefourteenth
amendment limitations, for instance, limita-
tions on the President and Vice President; the
President was required to be a native of the cou n-
try ; and there werelimitations on the qualifica-
tions of Senators. Those limitations were in
the Constitution of the United States, and were
not referred to in the State constitutions. They
generally give all person's the right to vote and
hold office, but, of course, the State constitu-
tions are to be regarded as in subordination to
the Constitution of the United States. Both
must be construed together.
Mr. MORTON. I will say, in answer to my
friend, that as we may have difficulty and are
likely to have difficulty in regard to ineligibil-
ity under the fourteenth amendment, we can-
not now very well afford to accept the consti-
tution of Virginia while it has a provision mak-
ing persons eligible to office in Virginia under
that constitution who are ineligible under the
third clause of the fourteenth article, which it
does. Therefore, in the admission, we ought
to insert in this bill something which declares
that we do not accept this second section of
the third article of the constitution of Virginia
in its fall force and terms. I propose, there-
fore, to remedy this difficulty in the same way
that we remedied a similar difficulty in regard
to the constitution of Georgia, by offering two
amendments.
Mr. STEWART. Let us get up the House
bill first.
Mr. MORTON. I will read my amendments
for information. I was stating that I proposed
to remedy this difficulty by offering two amend-
ments. The first of them is in this form:
Pi ovided. That this resolution shall not take effect
until the Legislature of Virginia shall by joint reso-
lution declare that the second section of the third
articlc of the constitution of Virginia shall not be
ever construed to authorize any person to hold office
who is ineligible to hold office under the third clause
of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States.
And then I shall propose this still further
amendment:
That any person who shall horeaftcr knowingly
accept or hold any oflice under the United States, or
any State, to which ho is ineligible under the third
section of the fourteenth article of amendments to
the Constitution of the United States, or v,-ho shall
attempt to hold or exercise the duties of any such
otlice, shall bo deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
a^ain^t the United States, and upon conviction
thereof before the circuit or district court of the
United Slates shall be imprisoned not more thanone
year, and fined not exceedmgSl,0OO, andshalt forever
be disqualified to hold any office of honor, trust, or
profit under the United States or any State.
So far as the first amenument is concerned,
the proviso that the resolution of admission
shall not take effect until the Legislature of
Virginia have by joint resolution declared that
this obnoxious section shall never be construed
to make persons eligible to office who are in-
eligible under the third clause of the four-
teenth amendment, there will be no objection
and no difficulty in the Legislature of Virginia
on that point. This difficulty has crept into
the Constitution almost by accident: that is
to say, this second section was right as the
Constitution was first drafted, but it has be-
come erroneous by the subsequent striking out
by popular vote of the fourth disqualification
of voters, and therefore the Legislature ot
Virginia can have no objection to declaring
that their constitution shall never be construed
