8712
T££E GOKGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
able, eminent, and experienced of living American
Arctic oxplorers. .
Retolvtd, That copies of these resolutions be for-
warded to both Houses of Congress.
Thus, sir, the committee had before them
testimony in favor of these two distinguished
explorers. Hesitating to decide between them,
not willing to take that responsibility, but at
the same time uniting in the conclusion, and
I think they were unanimous, that such an
expedition should be attempted, that it be-
longed to the United States iti the interest of
commerce, as a representative of science, for
the sake of humanity, for the advancement of
knowledge, to see that such an expedition
should be attempted, they directed _ me to
report a bill as a substitute for that which had
been referred to the committee on the motion
of the Senator from Ohio. At a subsequent day,
following again the instructions of the commit-
tee, I gave notice of the motion which I have
now made, to move that bill as an amendment
to this appropriation bill.
Such, sir, is the brief history of this propo-
sition and how it comes before the Senate at
this time; and the simple question is whether
you will hesitate in this work. Already thegreat
Powers of Europe, one by one, have attempted
this discovery—England, Germany, Denmark,
and we are now told that France is planning
an expedition. Shall the great Republic alone
stand aloof? Shall we, who Lave a greater
interest in this discovery and in the extension
of a knowledge of this hemisphere than any
other Power, shall we be the only one that
shall not participate in the work ?
Mr. President, I am not disposed to enlarge
on this topic. Senators will all understand it j
without further explanation. -The amendment j
is simple. It refers the whole matter to the
President of the United States, empowering
,him in his discretion to equip one or more
expeditions. I think the work ought to be
done, and I hope the Senate will now unite
in it.
The question being put, there were) ou &
division—ayes 21, noes 16.
Mr. McCREERY. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SUMNER; I hope not. Let it be
passed in the interest of science. •
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; let us i&ve )he
yeas and n&ys.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. . I wish to give
notice that this evening I shall desire to pro-
ceed with this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ThU question ia
_ on the amendment of the Senatorsfrom Massa-
chusetts. The Secretary will call the roll.
iThe question being taken by yeas and nays,
resultecf-r-yeas 25, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bnckitiaham, Cameron,
.Carpenter. Casserly.Cole, Drake, Flanagan,Gilbert.
Harlan, Harris, Kellogg, McDonald,, Morrill of
• Maine, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Ramsey,
Sawyer, Scott,' Spraene, Sumner, Warner, and
Yntes—25.
N AY S—Messrs. Bayard.Cbaadler.Conkling, Davis,
Ferry, Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton ot
Texas, Howard, Howe,Howell, Johnston, McCreery,
Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy. Pratt, Boss, Sauls-
bury.Sberman, Thayer, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Willey, and Williams—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cattell, Cerbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Fen-
ton, Hamlin, Lewis, Norton, Pool, Revels, Rice,
Robertson, Schurz. Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Vick-
. era, and Wilson—22.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair votes
in the affirmative, and the amendment is agreed
to. The hour fixed by order of the Senate for
taking a recess having arrived, the Senate will
bow take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
iiousb bills refbrred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia:
A bill (H. R. No. 1633) to simplify the
conveyance of real estate in the District of
Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 1920) to incorporate the
American Union Academy of Literature,
Science, and Art; •
A bill (H. R. No. 2005) exempting from taxes
certain property in the District of Columbia,
and to amend the act to provide for the crea-
tion of corporations in the District of Columbia
by general law ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2065) to further amend
the law of the District of Columbia in relation
to judicial proceedings, and preserve records
of marriages therein.
The following bill and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations:
A bill (fl. R. No. 2067) directing the Secre-
tary of State to cause to be brought home and
interred the remains of Generals Asboth and
Steadman, who died in the service of the United
States abroad; and
A joint resolution (H. H. No. 251) author-
izing Surgeon George E. Cooper, of the United
States Army, to accept a gift from the Govern-
men£ of France in acknowledgment of services
rendered.
The bill (H. R. No. 2080) to exempt vessels
and canal-boats .engaged in the internal and
coastwise navigation of the United States and
in the fisheries from the payment of tonnage
; dues waa read twice by its title, and referred
j to the Committee on Commerce.
i The joint resolution (H. R. No. 296) to ex-
tend the provisions of section twenty-one of
i the act appcQv^d July 17, 1862, to aliens who
have or may enlist in the naval and marine
service was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 295) donat-
ing copdemned cannon for a soldiers monu-
ment at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, was read
twice by its title, and referred to true Commit-
tee ou Military Affairs.
BXAMINKBt or CEAIMS.
The Seriate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to thfe
joint resolution (S. R. No. 120) to provide for
the appointment of an examiner of5 claims for
the Department of State and for additional
clerks in that Department, which was to reduce
the appropriation from $13,700 to $7,600.
Mt. SUMNER. I tnove that the Senate
concur iti the amendmeht Of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My attention was called
to this toatter, and possibly there may be some
objection to passing it. This is a joint resolu-
tion providing for an examiner of claims for
the State Department. We have now pend-
ing in the Senate a bill to establish a depart-
ment of justice. This.resolution, as my atten-
tion was called to it, would authorize the ap-
pointment of an examiner of claims, and it.is
said that, there are questions in the State De-
partment,involving the construction of treaties,
which might involve very large amounts of
money, and that this officer might pass upon
the construction of those treaties as to the
amount of money to be paid under them.
Certainly, for so important a matter as that,
he should have the opinion of the Attorney
General, one of the head officers of the Gov-
ernment. . Whether this resolution goes that
far— -
Mr. SUMNER, I think it does not. I can
make an explanation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My attention was called
to it in that view.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a note, which I have
deceived since dark from the Secretary of State,
expressing an anxiety that theresolution should
be passed without delay. The clerical assist-
ance which it provides is needed at the De-
partment; The Department is actually suffer-
ing for the want of it. Until some permanent
arrangement can be made the Department
needs all that is provided for in the way of an
examiner of claims.
Now, as to the suggestion of the Senator in
a matter of the importance which he indi-
cates, I have no doubt that the question would
be referred to the law department of the
Government; that is, as our Government is
now constituted, to the Attorney General. The
object of this resolution is to provide what is
called an examiner of claims, who shall be
under the same roof with the Secretary of
State, to be at hand, within call, and who shall
aid him in those matters of daily occurrence
in which he needs the assistance of such an
officer. The experience of the last year shows
that such an officer is needed there. As the
resolution has already passed the Senate I hope
there will be no question as to it at this time,
but that the Senate will concur in the amend-
ment of the House, and let the resolution take
its course. Should the other and larger meas-
ure which the Senator from Illinois has in
charge pass it would necessarily supersede this
provision.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to ask
the Senator from Massachusetts if the Russian
and Mexican claims would not be likely to
come before this examiner of claims if this
resolution should pass?
Mr. SUMNER. The Mexican claims go
before the Mexican commission ; the Senator
is aware that there is a commission sitting.
This officer could give no decision which would
be binding, as I understand, on any question
of claim. He is at hand for the assistance of
the Secretary of State, who gives the decision.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the resolution went
no further than that, as the Senate have passed
it before, I should not make any objection. But
a member of the other House called my atten-
tion to it as it passed the House, and stated an
anxiety about its passage and an apprehension
on his part that this officer might pass upon that
character of claims, which I am sureit was never
intended by tbe Senator from Massachusetts he
should do.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a mistake.
Mr. TRU MBULL. The resolution ought to
provide against that if it does not,
Mr. SUMNER. Let/roe remind the senator
that this is no new creation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware of that.
Mr. SUMNER. This officer has been in the
Department now for several years. He is a
subordinate officer, a sort of assistant to the
Secretary of State, an assistant in legal mat-
ters. He olten drafts a legal paper—a letter,
if you please, which turns on some question of
law. I hope there will bfe no question about it.
Mr. PATTERSON. I voted for this ex-
aminer of claims when the matter was before
the committee, and a,ra in favor of such an
office if the bill establishing a department of
justice shoald not pass; but I will say1 that
"both bills have now passed the House, and
sustain the same relation in the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Notatall. This resolution
has already passed the Senate and the House.
This was a Senate resolution, which two months
ago passed the Senate, and it has been delayed
in the House. ... j j
Mr. PATTERSON. It has been amended
in the House. .
Mr. SUMNER. It has been amended in the
House, and therefore all that the.Senate has
to do is to concur or non-concur in the amend-
ment of the House. I hope the Senate will
concur in the amendment.
Mr. PATTERSON. The bill establishing
a department of justice provides for a solicitor
of the State Department.
Mr. SUMNER. That I understand.
Mr. PATTERSON. And it would seem to
be doing our work over twice if that bill shoald
pass, and this one also. t •
Mr. SUMNER. Bqt oppose it does not ,
pass j then what has the State Department j
