2768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
cannot be answered. There id no way of get-,
ting over that, Or under it, or around it; 'and the
men who are protectionists here know very
well that the? would not ask for thisbounty if it
were not a bounty, a-gratuity? and a large.one
at that. It.is very easily demonstrated thafeit is
the intere'st of the, workiijgtnen of this_ country
to have cheap iron and plenty of it. It is just as
important as' to have cheap grain, or cheap cot-
ton, or cheajjfuel, or cheap lights. The reason
why, perhaps, the Committee of Ways and
Means have struck down this tariff from $9 a
ton to $7 a ton is that they know that the
peopieof this country are beginning to under-
stand the mode by which these iron-mongers
are aggrandized by these tariffs; and all that
I ain surprised at is that the honorable chair-
man of that committee did not stick to his
original resolution and put it at $6aton, or go
lower than that, down to $3 a ton, as the Com-
missioner of the'Bevenue recommends.in his re-
port. I know the argument made by gentlemen
here is that it is to create a home market_ for
our own productions. But there is no basis in
(hat argument; it will not hold water. All the
people .engaged in these blast'-furnaces number
but 12,500; in the preparation of- ore and fuel
42,000—making 54,500 in all. Now,, suppos-
ing that each one of these represents a family,
and allowing six persons to a family, we would
have 327,000 persons dependent upon the fur-
nace interest for a livelihood. In the bar-iron
manufacture there are 115,000 persons en-
gaged. Now, what amount of influence would
this have upon our home markets for agricul-
tural products ? I can show, as I have shown,
that if we raise 300,000,000 bushels of grain
per year there will be a surplus, after taking
out enough for seed and for the use of all the
families in the United States, of 70,000,000
bushels : therefore all this talk about a home
marked is the veriest cant and humbug with
which to carry through this system of legis-
lation. I cannot in five minutes go into this
matter in detail. I am very sorry my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] should have made
a speech in favor of keeping the duty on pig
iron up to $9 per'ton, especially when he ought
to remember that the rates of duty on all the
iron manufactures, of slabs and blooms and
all the other forms of iron, have been increased
under this tariff, and I suppose my friend from
Ohio, if he cannot get tue tariff reduced on
these manufactured forms of iron, will do his
best to steal something for his constituents in
the shape of pig iron. I cannot reconcile his
progressive idea with any other idea except,
that he is willing to rob for his constituents as
gentlemen all around us are willing to rob for
theirs. I would like to carry this matter a little
further in respect to this home market and
this percentage levied on the people. This is
a matter, at all events, that does not concern
the 115,000 concerned in the1 manufacture of
bar and other iron. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schexck] said a few minutes ago that
iron was coming into the port ol Philadelphia.
Suppose it does come in with, this tariff of over
100 per cent, ad valorem. In my judgment it
only shows what an atrocious imposition this
tariff is with reference to all forms of industry.
[Here the hammer fell-]
Mr. SCHENCK. I liave not interfered
with this debate on pig iron,, which is a sort
of enteririg-wcclge upon the whole iron ques-
tion. But I think there should be a limit even
to the debate on pig iron, and I therefore ask
unanimous consent that all debate on the pend-
ing paragraph terminate in twenty minutes
from this time.
Several Members. Oh, no! not so soon.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, go on.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate on the pend-
ing amendment has closed.
Mr, BINGHAM. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I renew the amend-
ment, though I do not know what it is, [laugh-
ter,] and for the purposes of this debate it does
not matter'. I desire to call the attention of
the committee to the position assumed by the
"Iron Duke" from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kel-
ley. ] In order to catch ,the votes of western
members he tells us that corn and pork and
wheat and flour enter into the constituent parts'
of iron. I suppose, however, he stated that in
Pickwickian sense, for I am'_ sure it cannot
apply in any other sense. I wish to state that
the prices of the great staples of the West—
wheat, corn, pork, and beef—are not enhanced
in any appreciable degree by all the consumers
who are engaged in the manufacture of iron in
all of its forms. In 1842, when the duty on pig
iron was $9 per ton, and up to 1846 was the
period of the lowest prices of western products.
Again in 1864, when the duty on pig iron was
advanced from $6 to $9 per ton, corn appre-
ciated and so did wheat in price; not because
we had increased the duty on pig iron, but
because of the-great demand for those arti-
cles, not only for home consumption but for
export. Now, when the production of iron has
so much increased as to reach the enormous
quantity of 2,000,000 tons per annum, corn is
worth only about one halt of what it was in
1863,.1864, 1865, and I860, and the same may
be said of wheat..'
Mr. KELLEY. What would the price of
corn have been if we had imported our iron
instead of manufacturing it?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not believe the
price of corn would have varied at all on that
account. The fact that 115,000 men are en-
gaged in the production of iron in its grosser
forms does not affect the value of one bushel of
corn or one pound of beef in my section of the
country. When theiron manufacturers, the pig-
iron men of Pennsylvania, go to Chicago to buy
corn and flour with which to feed their opera-
tives, do they pay such prices as they believe
will be remunerative, or do they pay the price
which the exporter buying for the foreign
market pays? They pay precisely the price
which tue article will bring for exportation
and no higher price. If they can get it at a
lower price they do so. They are not influ-
enced in this regard by any feeling of sym-
pathy with the western producers. They look
only at their own interests, and I do not blame
them for it. Hence there is no ground for an
argument in favor of a high duty on pig iron
in a western point of view. While the produc-
tion of pig iron under a duty of $9 a ton is
steadily increasing, the prices of our western
products, beef, corn, and flour, are continually
declining. The market for those products is
greatly depressed notwithstanding the produc-
tion of 2,000,000 tons of pig iron per annum.
Mr. KELLEY. What would be the effect
if those 115,000 people now engaged in manu-
facturing iron should turn their attention to
agriculture ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. They would simply add
so much more to the surplus of agricultural
products to be exported.
Mr. BENNETT. Is the gentleman aware
of the fact that Chicago and Milwaukee fre-
quently send off in ten days more grain and
flour than England takes from us in a year,
reckoning the average of the lasttwenty years?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is that owing to the
fact that there is a duty of Ij'J per ton on pig
iron? The amount of the products of the
western States shipped to Pennsylvania has
not increased to any appreciable extent in eon-
sequence of the increased production of pig
iron. Gentlemen cannot refute this position,
that the Pennsylvania manufacturers pay in
Chicago, the great market for the sale of our
agricultural products, precisely the export
price and not one cent more.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means tells us that if the duty on pig iron be
reduced to $6 per ton we shall offer induce-
ments for increased importations. That does
not follow. If the duty on pig iron be reduced
to $5 per ton you simply compel the American
manufacturer t'o sell his product $4 less than
the present price. Then the foreign article
comes into competition with the dotnestic pro-
duct. The cost price of the foreign article, is
not affected.' The importer, while paying $5
per ton as a revenue duty, sells the article at
$4 less per ton than he did under the. $p
per ton duty'; consequently no inducement is
offered for an increase of importation. What,
then, is the effect of reducing the tariff on
pig iron? You do not increase the import-
ation, nor dp you, I admit, increase the rev-
enue collected from that source; but you
cheapen the price of iron, and to that extent
you keep the money in the pockets of our west;
ern people for building railroads, instead of
putting it into the pockets of the Pennsylva-
nians who produce iron. That is the only dif-
ference ; and that is one of great importance
to the consumers of irou. We collect but about
$1,000,000 as revenue on the importation of
pig iron, but the consumers of iron pay to the
manufacturers of iron iu this country moro
than §10,000,000 per annum by reason of this
extravagant duty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I
have not heard during this debate from any
gentleman, except the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, that the importation of
pig iron is going on to any considerable extent.
He says that in 18G8 only 112,000 tons were
imported, and that was mostly Scotch pig, im-
ported because of its superior durability. I
presume, without knowing much about it, the
importation the gentleman spoke of as having
taken place recently was for the same purpose.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am not much ac-
quainted with this subject. Generally I am in
favor of a tariff for revenue which shall not bo
prohibitory, but which shall bear equally on
all the industries of the country. But it seems
to me this bill, or some items in it, especially
with reference to iron and lumber, taken in
connection with the bill which is to follow this
from the Committee on the Decline of Ameri-
can Commerce, is a sort of a " double- ender.
We are to be taxed $7 a ton for pig iron, and
for manufactured iron in proportion. We are
to bo taxed by the way of tariff upon lumber
and iron, and then they propose to turn around
and tax us again to pay the amount of this
tariff to the ship-builders whether they import
their iron and lumber or build their ships of
the domestic article. It seems to me that is
inconsistent and illogical.
In the first place they propose to tax us
simply to restrict commerce, to defeat and
prevent commerce, and with the other hand
they propose to tax us to foster commerce. It
is by reason of our high tariffs a blow has been
struck at our shipping interest; but they pro-
pose to keep on the tax and at the same time to
help the shipping interest by way of subsidy.
It seems to me that these two things together
are illogical, and I wish some gentleman on the
sea-board who is in favor of a high tariff would
be good enough to reconcile them before we
are called further to act on the subject.
Mr. LOGAN rose.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order, and debate on the pending amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr, INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I renew it. Mr. Chairman,
I have been listening patiently to this debate,
for the purpose of getting information upon
the subject of tariff, and, further, for the pur-
pose of learning by what principle the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have been actuated
in reporting the pending proposition. I have
heretofore been led to believe that there was
such a thing as a great principle which was to
be found running all through a matter of this
kind; but I am frank to say I do not find it. in
this debate. I find Pennsylvania advocating
