1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4657
A bill (H. R. No. 2281) for the relief of
Mrs. Jane A. Green, of Aurora, Illinois ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1537) for the relief of
Richard P. Spencer.
The bill (H. R. No. 2277) supplementary
to an act to provide for furnishing artificial
limbs to disabled soldiers was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
consular and diplomatic bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
consular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1604) making ap-
propriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and for other purposes.
department of justice, it will be necessary for
the Attorney General to conduct the proceed-
ings before that commission on behalf of the
United States, or some of his subordinates will
appear to conduct the proceedings on the part
of the Government, so that I should not sup-
pose it would be necessary to make an appro-
priation to pay attorneys; but it might be
necessary to make an appropriation to pay for
the fees of witnesses, &c.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish the Senator had
read the communication from the Department
of State, which it would hardly be advisable to
read in public, in which he sets forth on the
authority of the counsel of the United States
in the Mexican claims the reasons for this ap-
propriation. I have given to it some attention,
and I think the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations has done the same, and we both
came to the conclusion that it was an appro-
The Committee on Appropriations reported J priation important to be made to the interest
the bill with two amendments. The first || of the United States,
amendment was to add to the clause making
an appropriation for rent of prisons for Amer-
ican convicts in Japan, China, Siam, and
Turkey, on page 4, line one hundred and four-
teen, the following proviso: !■
Provided, That the interpreter to the consul gen- !,
oral at Constantinople may also be employed as ;
prison keeper, at a salary not to exceed $1,200 per j'(
annum: and that the sum of §400 heretofore paid by j j
,f. H. Goodenow, by direction of the Department of !
State, to his interpreter while acting in both eapa- j
cities, from April 1,1866, to June 30,1867, be allowed ,,
to him in the settlement of his accounts. i'
The amendment was agreed to. ji
The next amendment was to insert after line ii
one hundred and thirty-eight the following:
For defraying the expenses of defending claims
under the convention with Mexico of July 4,1863,
to bo expended uDder the direction of the Secre-
tary of State, $20,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of some one who is familiar with the bill creat-
ing the department of justice—1 do not see
the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Pat-
tersos] in his seat; but the Senator from Ore-
gon [Mr. Williams] is here—why this appro-
priation for employing counsel to defend the
Government is placed under the direction of
the Secretary of State ? Since we have esti'
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will ask the Senator if
that communication was written with a view to
the bill establishing the department of justice?
Mr. SUMNER. No; it was not. It was
written before the passage of that bill, and it
was written with a view to obtain this appro-
priation in order to send down into Mexico
and conduct certain professional inquiries and
obtain testimony.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not profess to be
particularly advised about that matter; but, so
far as the legal business of the country is con-
cerned here in Washington, it is proposed
to make it the duty of the Attorney General
to attend to that business. But it may be that
there is some reason not known to me why
this appropriation should be made.
Mr. SUMNER. This, the Senator under-
stands, is by virtue of a treaty. I am not
aware that the Attorney General has ever had
anything to do with the execution of a com-
mission under a treaty. That has always been
under the direction of the Department of State,
and this is no exception. Whether the bill
creating the department of justice will cause
a change, I am not prepared to _ say. I have
not looked into that bill, as 1 call it—a law soon
to be—with a view to determine the question ;
lished the department of justice the whole law j but according to the usage of the Government
- ■ - 1 '• '- 1 I am entirely satisfied that this appropriation
is correct in form, as I am sure it is important
that it should be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is a mat-
ter, I think, of a good deal of importance to
the Government. It is so represented to the
committee by the Secretary of State, and in
that representation the Attorney General con-
curs ; and upon that concurrent testimony the
committee acted. The object of the appropri-
ation has been stated by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. It is to protect the interests of the
Government of the United States.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the Senator will allow
me, I have since looked at the amendment, and
so far as I am concerned I have no objection
to it, and think it a proper amendment. I see
it is to defray the expenses of defending claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is all there
is of it; and so far as anybody has any inform-
ation about it, it is done by the concurrent
- ci   0f gtate and the
business of the country, as I understand it, is
to be under the control of the Attorney Gen-
eral. Here is an appropriation " for defraying
the expenses of defending claims under the
convention with Mexico of July 4, 1868, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of "State, $20,000." I understand that com-
mission meets here in the city of Washington,
and it seems to me if attorneys are necessary
to be employed they should be under the direc-
tion of the Attorney General. I ask the Sen-
ator from Oregon, who is familiar with that bill,
if that ought not to be changed ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that bill to
make provision for such cases. My attention
has not been directed to this appropriation ; ;j
but as I now recollect the bill establishing the ij
department of justice it provides for all cases ,i
where it is necessary that counsel snould ap- j
pear on behalf of the Government. j!
Mr. SUMNER. I will suggest that this is ;i
applicable to claims now pending before the ,i
commission sitting here, and the appropriation j.
is reported by the Committee on Appropna- ,,
tions; but through the Secretary of State 1 ;|
have been made acquainted with its character, [■
and it has become necessary in order to obtam ,|
evidence to be used by the counsel of the Uni- j|
ted States in cases now pending before the Mex- i !
ican commission sitting in Washington, ihe :|
Senate is aware that those proceedings are ,j
under the immediate eye of the Secretary ot 'j
State
Mr! WILLIAMS. It may be necessary to
provide appropriations for fees of witnesses;
but as I understand the bill to establish the .1
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 292.
advice of the Secretary
Attorney General.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Immediately after estab-
lishing this department of justice I do not
want to run into the old practice of allowing
eachDepartmentto have attorneys. Ihe object
of establishing the department of justice was
to have all the legal proceedings of the country
under one head. Now, I understand from the
Senator from Maine that the Attorney General
lias been consulted as to this very matter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And approves ot tms
appropriation ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. He does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he knows of-it I have
no objection, to the appropriation. That is not
the point to which I called attention. I do not
know that I ought to say that I have any ob-
jection to the amendment even as it is. The
only point I desired to make was this: instead
of saying "to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of State," I wished to inquire
if the amendment ought not to say "to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Attorney
General." The Attorney General has been
consulted in reference to this very matter, and
I should like to know from the Senator from
Massachusetts, or some one who is informed,
how this attorney on the part of the United
States is employed? Is it under a special act?
Mr. SUMNER. That I was going to call
the attention of the Senate to; it is under a
special act. As a general rule; immediately
after a treaty creating a commission an act
of Congress is passed to carry out the treaty,
authorizing in the first place the appointment
of commissioners by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, then a solicitor or rep-
resentative of the United States to appear
before the commission, and fixes the salary of
each, and also a clerk or secretary of the com-
mission. All these officers are in a certain sense
treaty officers; they grow out of a treaty; and
the act of Congress is simply in pursuance of
the treaty. Everything that concerns a treaty
is supposed to be peculiarly under the observa-
tion of the Department of State. I take it that
is the reason why this appropriation is referred
to that Department rather than to the Attor-
ney General.
I am not aware that the Attorney General
is consulted habitually with reference to these
commissions. In point of fact, the solicitor or
legal representative of the United States before
the Mexican commission is Mr. Ashton, who
was lately Assistant Attorney General. He
was appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, and
he reports habitually, as I understand, to the
Department of State, and he keeps the De-
partment of State advised with regard to the
proceedings.
Mr. TR UMBULL. I do not see myself why,
when a case like this arises, which is a claim
on a foreign Government against our Govern-
ment, to be settled before a commission mutu-
ally agreed upon by the two Governments, the
Attorney General should not have charge of
attending to the interest of the United States
in regard to such claims. That does not involve
anything about the treaty. It seems to me he
would be the proper officer to have charge of
the defense and prosecution of the various
claims that come before the commission. The
commission is a mere court agreed upon by the
consent of the two Governments.
Now, the appropriation to pay the expenses
of defending and prosecuting such claims on
the part of this Government, it would seem to
me, ought to be under the law department of
the Government; and in this very case we have
been already informed by the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations that the Attor-
ney General has been consulted in regard to
it. I have no objection to the appropriation,
as I think the gentleman who is employed
there, Mr. Ashton, is a very excellent and
capable person to have charge of the interests
of the United States, so far as I am advised m
regard to him; but it seems to me that when
we make an appropriation of $20,000 to aid
him 111 this defense, it should be under the
department of justice; and I fear that if we set
this precedent it will be but the beginning ot
allowing the different Departments again to
employ counsel, which I hope will not be
tolerated. . ,
I do not see how it would interfere with the
usefulness of the appropriation or with the
practical application of it in the_ least to have
it put under the department of justice; but 1
