1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5601
Chair a request to dispense with the reading
of another bill which be desires to bring before
the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Bat I submit thai
the reading of a bill cannot be dispensed with
if any member desires it unless a motion is
made to suspend the rule which requires it to
"be read; and I have not understood that to be
included in this motion.
The SPEAKER. Any number of rules of
the Ilouse can be suspended in one motion.
All the rules of the House can be suspended
in one motion. It is for the House to decide,
and not the Chair, whether the rule in regard
to the reading of the bill shall be suspended as
well as others.
The question recurred on Mr. Cake's motion
to suspend the rules; and there were—ayes 72,
noes 63.
Mr. CAKE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Mr. Cake and Mr. Randall.
Mr. CAKE. I desire to be excused from
acfing as a teller, and wish somebody else to
be substituted.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Cessna in
the place of Mr. Cake.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 84, noes 50.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. CAKE. I desire to modify the motion
so that the bill may be read, in order to satisfy
the House. I do not want to take any advantage,
or that any advantage should be taken of me.
Several Members. Too late.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I demand the^
regular order.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman has come
rather late to a sense of propriety.
CORRECTION OP THE JOURNAL.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I desire to have the Journal of yester-
day corrected. I find by an examination of
the Journal and also of the Globe that I am
not recorded as voting yesterday on the bill
for the removal of political disabilities. I
voted for the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to cor-
rect the Journal except immediately after its
reading, save by unanimous consent. If there
is no objection the name of the gentleman
from Kentucky will be entered among the yeas.
There was no objection ; and it was so
ordered.
DEPARTMENT Ob' REVENUE.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, has the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK.^ If the House will give
me its attention I will explain what I propose
to do in regard to the first and mostimportant
special order in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. It is a bill organizing
the revenue department, and providing in a
great number of sections for the mode of col-
lection of taxes, the duties of officers of the
department, seizures, suits at law, &e. I do
not think it possible at this late period of the
session to go into Committee of the Whole
and dispose of the bill, at least so as to get it
through the Senate during this session.
What I propose to the House is this: to go
ifito Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, as I have a right to do; to take up
the special order, the bill organizing the rev-
enue department, and providing through many
sections by a long bill for everythig that re-
lates to the collection of internal revenue.
But I do not expect to be able to get that bill
through this session. If the House will go into
Committee of the Whole and take the bill up,
and allow my colleague [Mr. Wei/kerJ to offer
an amendment which he has to substitute a bill
to organize the revenue department, I am will-
ing that the whole bill shall be stricken out
and to take that as a substitute, and then to
bring forward the long bill at the next session.
41st Cong. 2D SBS^—NO. 351.
It will have to be modified in a great many
respects because of the changes in the taxe3,
which' we would not have time to do this ses-
sion, and several of its important provisions
have been incorporated within the last few days
in the tax bill which has passed.
Now, I propose to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the tax
bill, with the understanding that the motion
may be made to substitute a simple organiza-
tion of the revenue department, and if the
House will not go into Committee of the Whole
with that understanding I shall consider their
vote as a decision that we are not to act upon
the subject at this session.
Mr. WARD. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he thinks it right at this period of the
session to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and enter on the con-
sideration of a question of this kind, involving
the creation of a new department of the Gov-
ernment ?
Mr. CULLOM. Is it not better to go into
committee on that bill than to go on passing
all sorts of bills here?
Mr. WARD. As I understand it, the bill
creates a new department.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman will let
me answer his question after he has asked it
we shall perhaps come to an understanding.
The object is to pass in lieu of the long bill,
which there is not time to consider, a motion
simply to organize this revenue department.
It is so simple a question, so easily compre-
hended by everybody, that I suppose, if the
House be willing to undertake it, iteanbedone
without any delay ai, all. I do think it right—
and that is my answer to that part of thegentle-
man's inquiry—or I certainly should not make
the motion.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a question of
privilege. The understanding was that at
twelve o'clock to-day the contested-election
case of Reid vs. Julian would be taken up,
and I hope that matter will be proceeded with.
I will say in behalf of taking up that case that
it is a subject which overrides the one suggested
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Suiibxck,]
and that it can be disposed of to-day,
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
Amessagefrom the Senate, by Mr. Sympsox,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed the bill (H. R. No. 1950) granting
a pension to Mary Lincoln ; and the bill (II.
R. No. 21G0) to create a port of delivery at
Houston, Texas.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 73) for the
relief of the trustees of Albert G.'Sloo, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
The message also requested the return to the
Senate of the joint resolution (S. R. No. 234)
referring to the Court of Claims the claim
against the United States for the loss of the
schooner William Carlton.
MRS. MARGARET A. LAURIE.
Mr. SCHENCK resumed the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Will
the gentleman from Ohio yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I appeal to the
gentleman to yield.
Mr. SCHEN CK. I am appealed to in behalf
of a starving woman, and of course I yield.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, by
unanimous consent, from the Committee ot
Claims, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (S. No. 270) for
the relief of Mrs. Margaret A. Laurie.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to pay to Mrs. Margaret A.
Laurie the sum of 32,000 for rent lor her house
and premises in the District of Columbia,
used by the United States for medical and hos-
pital purposes from June 30, 1802, to June 30,
1805, in full for all demands or claims against
the United States in connection therewith.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
The bill is all right; I
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRUSTEES Ot? ALBERT G. SLOO.
Mr. COX, I ask unanimous consent of the
House to allow me to have taken up and passed
a bill which has just come over from the Sen-
ate, the bill (S. No. 73) for the relief of the
trustees of Albert G. Slocf.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that the claim of the trustees of Albert
G. Sloo for compensation for services in carry-
ing the United States mail in steamers direct
from New York to New Orleans,in addition to
the regular service required under the contract,
be referred to the Court of Claims; and it directs
that court to examine the same and determine
what amount is due to the said trustees for the
said extra services; but it provides that the
amount to be awarded shall be upon the basis
of the value of carrying freight of the first class
of like quantity with the mails actually carried
between the same ports at the same time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to hear more
about this bill before I can consent to its pas-
sage.
Mr. SCHENCK.
know about it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let it goto the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Mr. CREBS. This bill, or one like it, was
considered and passed by this House.
Mr. CON. This bill does not provide for
!| the payment of any money, but simply to put
I! the case in the hands of the judges of the Court
ji of Claims.
|| The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
II passage of this bill?
!j Mr. MAYNARD. I will not make objec-
tion.
Mr. WELKER. What was the trouble about
the case?
Mr. COX. In the original contract the mat-
ter was left to Congress ; and it is asked that
Congress shall delegate the matter to the Court
of Claims. It is merely a technical matter.
Mr. WELKER. Why cannot it be settled
in the Department without going to the Court
of Claims?
Mr. COX. It involves the construction of a
contract.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to the passage of
the bill.
Mr. COX. Then I move that the rules be
suspended and the bill passed.
The question was taken ; aud there were on
a division—ayes 79, noes 30.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill passed.
Mr. COX. I desire to say one word per-
sonal to myself in connection with this matter.
I did not think of it before. I was formerly
engaged as counsel in this case, when it was
presented to the Court of Claims, and possibly
my name may appear upon the record of the
case. But since I have been a member of
Congress I have given up all interest in the
matter, inasmuch as it is incompatible with my
i duty as such member, aud I shall not have any
1 interest in it hereafter. I have thought it but
I right to state this to the House. In the mere
I matter of referring this case to the Court of
Claims and having the papers thoroughly ex-
I amined I think I am not so biased by my
! previous relation to the case that 1 cannot state1
I it justly. This bill involves no money, and
|! simply provides for the reference tot this case
ij to a tribunal where justice will be done.
l! robert more AND COMPANY,
i; Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to the gen-
II tleman from Massachusetts, [^lr. Hooper,]
|| my colleague on the Committee of Ways and
!i Means.
