1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a high duty upon iron. They advocate high
duties upon everything else. Why? Because
they must have a high tariff on iron. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts advocates a high
tariff upon what,, for want of a better name, I
may call the "pith interest." I do not know
what he calls it; but that is what it is practi-
cally. The gentleman from Kentucky, who
pretends to be afree-trader, wants a high tariff
upon hemp.
Mr. BECK. Only 8 per cent.
Mr. LOGAN. Illinois gentlemen here are
in l'avqr of a high tariff on flax. And so it
goes, sir. If that is the principle which is to
govern us. then every man is in favor of pro-
tecting the particular thing growing in his own
locality. It seems to me this bill is made up
in that way. Instead of a bill for revenue or
a bill for protection, it seems to bo gotten up
by a few individuals who have certain inter-
ests to be protected, all of which they have
"crammed" at high duties into this bill.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kef-
lex] seems to represent all the interests in the
country, all the agricultural and manufacturing
interests, and interests of every other kind in
the land; but ho especially seems to bo the
representative of the farmers, coming as he
does from Philadelphia, where they have large
farms. lie is for protecting the corn producer
and the pork and beef producer and all other
agricultural interests; but, in tho end, it turns
out this is all for the purpose of securing greater
protection to his own constituents. In exam-
ining this bill I find all the articles necessary
for the mixture and manufacture of chemicals
and drugs in his district, whero there are a
great many such establishments, are put upon
the free list. The gentleman's constituents get
all their raw material free and beside have their
manufactured articles protected. Go through
this whole bill, and that seems to be the prin-
ciple upon which it is constructed. 1 do not ob-
ject to the gentleman from Pennsylvania being
in favor of protecting the products of his own
constituents. It is to their interest. Tliey pro-
tect pig iron because they purchase more of it
than anybody else. They protect scrap iron,
they protect railways, they protect hoop iron,
they protect steel, they protect coal, they protect
all these things. And why ? Because they raise
the coal, they produce the pig iron, they have
the rolling-mills, they make the rails, they make
the steel, they make the bands, the hoops,
everything. Hence all the protection to this
particular article fills the pocket? of Pcnnsyl-
vanians. And who pays for that protection?
"Oh, but," they say, "they make iron in
Ohio." Sotheydo, but it is very little; " and
in New Jersey," butitamonntsalmostto noth-
ing. Why, they make a little in Illinois.
Right where I live thero is one of the largest
iron furnaces iu the United States; but that
is only one furnaec, and wo make very little
iron. The great production is in Pennsylva-
nia, and the great protection is there ; and all
the balance of the United States is being taxed
to put money into the pockets of the men of
that particular State, the iron manufacturers
of other parts of the country being as a mere
drop in tho bucket, the quantity they make
amounting to next to nothing. Pennsylvania
is tho great receptacle of tho benefits of, the
great protection put on these products.
Now, when tho gentleman, who seems to be
the protector in an especial manner of the
gieat labor interests of this country, speaks of
this protection bein" the protection of tho
labor of this country, I ask him: does not every
fanner and mechanic in this broad land make
use of iron in all kinds of labor? The 4,000,000
men that have been freed recently are laborers,
are producers, not manufacturers. They are
not men of skilled labor; they evidently are
not the men who are protected. And then
there are the men in the Northwest who pro-
duce corn, wheat, oats, pork, and beans, &c.;
they aie producers and consumers, and are not
41st Cong. 2d Stsss.—No. 114.
protected; and it is they who pay this large
amount of money into the pockets of tho man-
ufacturers of this article. And when a gentle-
man stands up on this floor and tells me that
this high, this extraordinarily high tariff is for
the protection of the laboring men of' this
country who are not skilled laborers-1 tell him
that I do not understand how ho oanpossibly
substantia such a theory.
[Here the hammer fell.]
■ Mr. SGHENCK. The trouble.that the gen-
tleman from Illinois has about this' bill is that
he considers that.it has been tnadeto helpthis
interest and that interest and the other interest,
and that 110 principle\ whatever is involved
iu it. I would ask the gentleman what isthe
present percentage of protection on pig iron
reduced to an ad valorem standard?
Mr. LOGAN. I am not on the witness-
stand. You are chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Meatis, and ought to know your-
self.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will tell the gentleman,
and I hope he will remember it.
Mr. LOGAN. I believe I can find it out
without your telling me.
Mr. SCHENCK. Possibly; but sometimes
gentlemen have trouble in finding out such
things. Wc find that the revenue from, pig
iron, at $9 a ton on the amount imported dur-
ing the last year, for which we have complete
returns, when reduced to au ad valorem stand-
ard, would show a percentage Of 55 per cent.
We believed that that was more protection
than in just discrimination the article ought to
have. 1 believed so, and proceeded to deal
with the subject with an impression that the
duly ought to be brought down to about $G a
ton. Having examined the whole matter, and
all tho considerations pro and con, the major-
ity of the committee finally agreed that a rate
of $7 was perhaps about right, all things con-
sidered. A rate of $7, if brought to an ad
valorem standard, would represent a duty ol'
42.78 per cent. This enormous duty which
gentlemen have talked about as if it were 80
or 00 or even 100 per cent., this enormous
duty is just that, and no more.
Now, if that be too much, all things consid-
ered, we ought to reduce it. If too little, we
ought to raise it. And when gentlemen talk
about there having been no principle observed in
framing the bill, but that it lias been made for
the benefit of this interest and of that intercut.
[ desire for one to say that that is not so. And
1 would say that there are gentlemen on the
Committee of Ways and Means who are just as
far as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Looas]
from wedding themselves to particular specific
interests. 1 am tired of hearing this. When-
ever a gentleman is at a loss for an argument,
and still more when he is at a loss for facts—
which is the more common case of the two-
oil which to base an argument, he contents
himself with saying that the bill is got up in
this interest and in that interest, or that it is
got up in a combination of interests.
Sir, I have said before that all men are self-
ish, and those who have come before tho Com-
mittee of 'Ways and Means have been no ex-
ception to tho rule. 1 have said before that I
did not know anything moie selfish than the
manufacturer in the way hi which he has
pressed upon the attention of the committee
his claims, unless it may be tho selfishness of
the importer. Tho ono wants everything that
he manufactures at tho highest rate of duty,
and the other wants everything free.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. I did not intenu to excite the
ire of the gentleman.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not at all.
Mr. LOGAN. I thought that I might hold
and express my own opinions.
Mr. SCHENCK. Of course.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
who has had so many committees before him.
how many committees Of .agrieulturists, those
whose interests the gentleman from .Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. KklisyJ desires t6 protect, have
been before his committee ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Wo have had a good maiiy
communications, and some persons baye ap-
peared before u$ in reference to a number of
articles produced in this country on which we
have sought to iiiSfease tho protection. And
there is more done in this bill for that very
agricultural interest than.in any tariff bill.since
tho organisation of the Government. That I
undertake to say. I have heard enough about
that-.
Now, I have my opinions and other gentle-
men have their opinions, and tho gentleman
from Illinois says that he is simply claiming
to have his; but there are two classes of opin-
ions, somd are formed on knowledge of the
subject, and some on want of knovvledge of
the subject. It may be that I am very far
away and think I understand a subject when
1 do not; but I liavo tried to learn something
about this subject. I undertake to say that
this bill has been made in an entirely different
way from that suggested by the gentleman from
Illinois It has been made by taking up first
the whole subject of the tariff and considering
whether it was proper and right that there
should bea general revision of the whole tariff,
the rates of duties on all articles; and being
satisfied that that was not necessary, then by
going over the tariff as it at present exists and
seeing whero there were articles that ought to
be raised in proper discrimination, and where
they ought to bo lowered. If the gentleman
had looked for the principle in facts instead
of imagining ono ho would have found it in
the very paragraph above the ono we are now
considering, whero there is provision made for
the rates ot duties on articles made of India-
rubber and gutta-percha. We have there put
everything do'Wn from 35 and 40 per cent, to
'Jo per cent.; and why? Because tho patents
having expired for those things, and the com-
petition being such as to build them up upon
a secure footing, wo believed that they could
without any impropriety have the discrimina-
tion which has been made in their favor low-
ered. And so all through tho bill. We may
very often have made mistakes, but we have
much oftener lowered than advanced tho tariff
upon different articles, and any assertion to the
contrary is simply a wide misstatement of fact.
Now, my colleague, [Mr. Gahfjei.d,] whom
we all know as a political economist, of learn-
ing, surprised me very much when ho was in-
sisting upon having the same percentage of
protection upoii pig iron and upon all other
forms of iron. I did not understand that that
was tho idea of proper discrimination.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I beg my col-
league's pardon ; 1 did not say the same per-
centage. I said you reduced tho duly on pig
iron and raised the duty on many other forms
of iron.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know the gentleman said
that, but ho said something more. He spoke
of the comparative percentage on the one and
the other. Now, I hold it to be the true poht
ical economical view of the subject that when
you are considering discrimination you should
make it in favor of those things which involve
more labor; you would put a higher rate of
duty on a watch-spring than you would on a
bar of pig iron, and I did not expect any
abandonment of that principle on the part ot
my colleague. His great desire seemed to bo
to speak something for pigiron while he spoke
generally against other forms of iron. I wonder
if his judgment is not affected b,y the fact that
ho has pig iron makers in his district but no
rolling-mills.
- [Here the hammer fell.]
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the Committee of the Whole
on the state of'the Union, pursuant to order,
took a recess until half past seven o'clock.
