1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1825
not take away the right to hold them. They
need not sell them.
Mr. POMEROY. They must either sell or
exchange.
Mr. THURMAN. No; if they are rich
enough to hold them they can hold them.
Mr. POMEROY. They cau hold them by
forfeiting their charter.
Mr. THURMAN. No, they can hold them,
and with other funds they can buy other bonds.
Mr. POMEROY. Then that makes it a new
bank.
Mr. THURMAN. No, it does not make a
new bank of it, because they may retire the
bonds now on deposit and go on with the cap-
ital they .now have without selling these bonds
at all, and buy the bonds provided for in this
bill and deposit them. I see, therefore, no
injustice to the banks.
Now, let us see. By the provisions of the
banking act that act is subject to amendment
or even to repeal. I put it to Senators, suppose
Congress were to require them to withdraw every
one of these bonds and to deposit in their place
greenbacks would not that be lawful ? Would
it not be within your power to doit? Yet what
would be the effect of it? Now the banks get
interest on these bonds which are deposited,
and they get interest on the greenbacks which
tbey own, because they lend them ; but if you
compel them to deposit greenbacks instead of
depositing bonds they would lose the interest
on the greenbacks because they could not lend
them ; ajid yet will anybody deny the power
to do it, and would there be any very great
injustice now in doing that?
I am not in favor of doing that, because it
would curtail the currency ; and yet you pro-
vide in this very bill itself for funding green-
backs ; you provide in this bill for surrender-
ing the greenbacks and taking them out of cir-
culation. Now, you by this bill, therefore, will
take them out of circulation just as much if
they are funded as you would if you required
the banks to withdraw their bonds which are
deposited as security and deposit greenbacks
in their place ; and then the banks would get
no interest whatever on their deposits in the
Treasury to secure their circulation. And yet
you say that Congress has not a right to do it.
if their franchise is of such value that it would
justify us in requiring them to deposita security
that does not bear interest, a security of the
United States upon which we pay no interest
whatever, there is no injustice in requiring
them to make such a deposit. They are simply
the creatures of your favor. They had the
opportunity to accept the privilege you offered
them or to reject it. You did not compel them
to accept your charter. You offered them the
option to accept or to reject it. You offered
them the option to accept it with your power
reserved to you to amend or repeal it. For
reason sufficient unto themselves they did
accept it. It has been eminently profitable to
them. The franchise has been of great value
to them. And if now under the power you
have, and in view of the value of this franchise,
you see fit to compel them to deposit with the
Treasurer securities bearing a less rate of
interest than those which are now on deposit,
or bearing no interest at all, if the franchise is
worth that sacrifice on their part you do them
no injustice.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I have not
said a single word during the pendency of this
question, but have listened pretty attentively
to its discussion, and I certainly have not been
more surprised during its whole progress than
atwhat has fallen from the Senator from Ohio
who has just taken his seat.
I propose to say something in relation to the
bill; and I begin by asking the question, first,
with what propriety are the sections in this
bill relating to banks, and by inquiring what
connection our banking system and the regu
lation of that system has- with funding our
national debt? I confess that I fail to see the
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 115.
connection between the one and the other,
other than as you seek to coerce these banks
into a certain line of policy which those who
favor a funding system may be compelled to
adopt or to abandon the funding system. I
stated, I think, the other day, though not upon
this bill, that I was in favor of a funding sys-
tem, and I believe I added that it would be a
crime if such a system were not adopted. Such
is my opinion now; and yet, from the best lights
which I can bring to my aid, I do not see how
under any circumstances I can be induced to
vote for a bill that has within it the provisions
that are contained in this bill which seek to
coerce the banks into a line of policy which
neither law nor justice nor equity requires.
The Senator says that these banks are the
creatures of our favor, and that this proposes
to give them permission to exchange the bonds
upon which they are now founded for bonds
of another and a lower rate of interest. The
banks the creatures of our favor! Why, sir,
the Senator knows that before the war we had
all over the country a banking system, cer-
tainly in my section, that was as near perfec-
tion as human ingenuity could devise, which
answered all the purposes for which the banks
were established, mercantile, commercial, for-
eign, and domestic. But at that period of
time, when the interests of the country de-
manded that it should control its currency, it
said in the voice of power to those banks," You
must give place to another class of banks cre-
ated by the General Government;" and a sys-
tem of laws was adopted which made it imper-
ative upon the banks ; and the " permission "
given to them was that which said, "Adopt
this system or die." They had no other alter-
native. The demands of the country required
the exercise of that power at that time, and
no patriotic voice could be raised against it.
But how is it to-day ? After you have estab-
lished the system, after you have made a con-
tract with the banks, entering upon it and
creating their institutions under it, how is it
to-day? Is it wise, is it honest, to exercise a
power which for the argument I will concede,
and say to them, under the authority which you
exercise or claim to exercise, you will place
them in a condition which, in my judgment,
will render them inoperative and will neces-
sarily lead to a disturbance in the country
that will end in its utter ruin. Such is my
belief.
When you made this contract, for it was a
contract, with the banks, you said to them that
they should exercise the powers of banking
upon certain conditions, based upon certain
bonds which you issued to them. It is unworthy
the Senate to say now that you have the power
to take that right from them. The difference
between the power to do a thing and the right
to do it is very broad indeed. If there is any
one thing in the world desirable to our com-
mercial community it is a system of banking
that shall be permanent; it is a system in
which the country can have and justly have
confidence.
Now, Ido notdeny the power of the Govern-
ment to-day to obliterate your banks, because
the clause is contained in the bank act, which
authorizes you to do it if you please; but I
would treat the banks precisely as 1 would treat
individuals, andin no other way. If your banks
have taken the five twenty bonds, and they are
redeemable to-day, I would sayto them, " We
are prepared to pay those bonds and we will
pay them ; then if you choose to take a bond of
another denomination in full or in part pay-
ment you may do so." But to a bank whose
bonds are yet unmatured to say, " You shall
suffer the loss of your franchise unless you will
doit," is equaled only by going one stepfurther,
and that would hardly exceed it, and saying to
an individual, ''If you will not receive five per
cent, upon the bond due in 1881, which you
bold, we will tax the income of that bond or
we will make the bond subject to taxation, as
we agreed not to do." The difference only is
this: in the statute you agreed that the bond
should not be taxed ; in your contract, implied
with the banks, you said to them that they
should have those bonds and they should
bank upon them according to the terms and
conditions of the bonds; and now you seek to
change that which is their right by contract.
Is it right? I preferthe bold manner in which
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumxer]
sought first to meet this case by open, flat
coercion and repudiation. You gild this with
other phrases, while the substance is the same
if I can understand it; and that is the "per-
mission" which you are to give to these banks!
Again, sir, in that very connection I have
heard no suggestion in reply to what was so
forcibly stated by the Senator from New York
last evening in relation to the effect of this
measure. If all the objections which I have
stated, and others, were away, it seems to me
that as an economical question it would be the
most unwise thing in the world for us to do now
to seek to incorporate in the funding bill a pro-
vision that should be thus onerous and thus
disturb the currency of the country. You say
they shall sell their bonds or lose t heir franchise.
They are—I speak now of the 1881 bonds and
those that have not matured—six per cent,
bonds. You are seeking a market for your
five per cent, bonds, and you are competing in
that market with alive per cent, bond, when by
your very statute you are taking from the banks
and putting upon that market the 1881 six per
cent, bonds. I should really like to know of
the Senator from Ohio if he would expect to
place upon the market a five per cent, bond
while by the provisions of the same statute he
was compelling individuals to place upon the
market six per cent, bonds to the amount of
$346,000,000, to be disposed of within the year,
as my friend from New York suggests.
It seems to me that 4hat objection alone is
sufficient to guide us as wise men here. If we
seek to fund our debt, and surely no Senator
can be more earnest in that desire than myself,
we ought to demand the best market upon
which to float the bonds, and not incumber
that market by forcing another set upon it
bearing one or one and a half or two per cent,
higher rate of interest. The whole thing in
all its aspects, in my judgment, is wrong.
I know there are gentlemen whose imagina-
tions are somewhat crimsoned by a condition
of things outside of this Chamber, who seem
to believe that it is not only popular but per-
fectly right to run a crusade against the banks.
I have no particular interest in the banks,
but I hold that they are entitled to the just,
equitable, and fair construction of your acta
equally with all the individuals in our com-
munity; and applying the same rules to them
that I would apply to others, I hold that it
would be unjust, if you have the power, to
exercise it. If you had the power, and it were
not unjust, it would i* most unwise and inju-
dicious to put in competition bonds which they
might be compelled to exchange bearing a
higher rate of interest, with those that we
seek to sell at a lower rate of interest. Taking
this to be the question, I certainly cannot vote
for a bill that has in it provisions like those
contained in these sections.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Howard.]
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 10, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a quorum pres-
ent. I call for the yeas and nays. I suppose
that is the only way to get a quorum. I hope,
however, the Senator will withdraw his amend-
ment. I have no objection to his doing so. I
do not want to divide the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I will present the same
idea in a different form, which will be more
agreeable to the Senate, if the Senate will
allow me to withdraw this amendment.
