514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
tion of-the people of Virginia to this question,
and that if this amendment is not incorporated
in this bill officers may be installed in office in
Virginia without looking to the qualifications
under the third section of the fourteenth amend-
ment. It is to provide against that contingency
that those who support this amendment now ad-
vocate it. Let it be remembered, sir, that this
amendment does not simply apply to the offi-
cers who are already elected, and to the existing
members of the Legislature, but there are in-
numerable officers to be elected in Virginia in
pursuance of the provisions of their constitu-
tion. There are their judges of the court of
appeals; there are their circuit judges; there
are their county judges, and all the various
officers of the State, who may be inducted into
office without, regard to the requirements of
the fourteenth amendment, if some provision
of this sort is not incorporated in this bill.
If this be so, what objection can gentlemen
have to the provision itself? It is simply to
guard against an infraction of the Constitution.
Is there not danger that the Constitution may
be violated? Has it not already been done,
as we have heard here to-day, in the case of
Georgia? Is it not being done in the State of
Kentucky? And it may be, and I understand
it is, probably the case in the State of Califor-
nia ; that gentlemen are occupying office there
who are not eligible under the provisions of
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution.
Then, sir, as a matter of safety and security I
deem it my duty to vote for the amendment
under consideration.
I will say further, Mr. President, that with a
very small minority of this body I am not en-
tirely satisfied that the oath prescribed by_ the
act of July 2, 1862, ought not to be adminis-
tered to the members of the Legislature and
the officers o£ Virginia under the law Congress
passed. I think it is not at all clear ; but if I
were convinced upon that subject I should not
yield my thorough conviction. Still, inasmuch
as a very large proportion of the learned gentle-
men of the law who are members of this body
liaye come to a different conclusion, I yield my
opinion on that subject, and am willing to take
the oath which is prescribed inthisamendment.
Mr. President, this is about all that I wish to
say, simply in explanation of the course I have
pursued and am about to pursue in voting upon
this bill. I wish to do no injustice to the State
of Virginia, yet while I wish to be magnani-
mous toward her I wish to protect the inter-
ests of every class of her citizens and preserve
the harmony and peace of this country.
I do what I do in voting for the bill with this
amendment upon it with great trepidation. We
have seen whathas transpired in other quarters ;
we hear from day to day what is transpiring in
some of the other reconstructed States, and we
may well feel an apprehension for the conse-
quences if we pass the bill even with the amend-
ment upon it. But inasmuch as so much time
has transpired since the rebellion has been
closed; inasmuch as it seems to be the desire
of a majority of the members of the party with
whom 1 act; inasmuch as it is probable that
the State of Virginia and her people are in
about as good condition as if we defer their
admission to an indefinite time, I feel it my
bonnden duty to vote for the bill with this
aniendmeTit incorporated in it. I will not say
now, sir, what I may do if this amendment
shali be defeated.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, for the most
part on these questions I have been content to
give a silent vote, and have not generally given
the reasons which induced me to cast that vote.
I desire, however, On a question so important
as the present to give some reasons for the vote
I shall give.
I have listened with great attention to the
discussion of this bill I have particularly paid
attention to the objections that have been raised
against the admission of Virginia, and I can-
no! persuade myself that I have heard any very
good or tangible reason for objecting to the
bill that has been proposed by the Jndiciary
Committee of the Senate, and particularly to
the onethat has been sent to ua from the House
of Representatives. It is true that in many
cases many of my votes on these Questions I
might now denominate as futile legislation. I
do not know that I should be able to give a
very good reason for them if it were not for
the tergiversations in legislation of this body
and the other on that subject which I to some
extent had to follow. Not long since'we had
a very excellent reason given for the changes
that we "might make, that so varied and so
fruitful was the age of change that an individ-
ual who should be found in the situation he was
a year or two ago would :be considered nothing
better than a man who was setting up mile-
stones upon a deserted highway. In order to
avoid that useless and unnecessary work we
sometimes turn from these old highways.
Now, sir, I want to know some valid, definite
reason why the State of Virginia should not be
admitted to her place in this and the other body.
I listened with as much attention as I was capa-
ble of to the speech of the Senator from West
Virginia, [Mr. Boreman.] I expected, as I
knew he was better acquainted with the char-
acter of the people and the circumstances that
surrounded them than any other person, that
he would give us some reason other than a fan-
cied one, because Georgia or some other south-
ern State had proved, as is said, treacherous,
that therefore Virginia must be considered in
the same light, and that she must be brought
here bound hands and feet and shorn of her
ancient glory, that glory which belongs to all
the States. I have heard no good pretext for
any such a course, except possibly it may be
this, that there are many offices to be filled in
Virginia and they will be filled by those who
are incapable of taking the oath required, who
are laboring under disabilities imposed upon
them by the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution. Admit that to be true, that they are
under these disabilities, could we not do with
them as we have done in other cases, remove
their disabilities for the purpose of enabling
them to hold office ? This has been done here
again and again. The method is a short and
easy one. The questions that I should ask in
this case are : are these men honest; are they
capable; are they friends of the country ? I
should go no further.
I do not propose to examine into the merits
of any of these amendments; they are to me all
the same. I care not what they are. You may
pile them up mountain high. These condi-
tions are only conditions to me, and nothing
else. I put them under one head and shall
dispose of them in that way.
As I regard the reasons that controlled my
action on this bill as the reasons that guided
me in other cases, having never voted for any
of them, I have taken some care to prepare my
views.
The question before the Senate is, shall Vir-
ginia be acknowledged as a State of the Union,
or is she a province ? If she is a State she is
the equal of Now York or Delaware, or. even
Rhode Island. Certainly she might rank with
Nebraska or Nevada in all the elements known
to the Constitution and laws of this Republic.
If she is less than a State inherently she will
not be made one by any act of Congress. No
legislative enactment can add one cubit to her
stature, nor take anything from her but rights.
A State is either a State absolute or, if we
may attach any meaning to the innumerable
amendments and the fundamental conditions
that have rung their everlasting changes in this
Hall, conditional.
The United States is a Government formed
of homogeneous and equal units; that unit
is a State. As well might you expect to find
a variety of particles of different kinds in the
diamond or in a lump of gold as to find States
of different kinds and diverse properties in
the Union. One definition, and but one, can
be found for a State. There is but one State,
although there are many individuals. I can
comprehend what was meant by all the great
statesmen of the virtuous age of the Republic
when they said independent, equal,, or sover-
eign States, only upon the hypothesis that
these terms all meant Stated, andnothing more.
No amplification, no piling op of adjectives,
could for a moment; change or limit ot enlarge
this unit; of flie nation; nor do I believe.the
State can ever be'anything less or more than
a State* exeept under the power of successful
and, permanent conquest or, revolution. So
long as the Government is what it was designed
by Washington, Jefferson, Hamilton, Jay,
Ellsworth, and their contemporaries no ehange
can take place. : • • :
I have never admitted the fact that the States
were either out of the Union oi ceased to exist
so long as the same people remained unchanged
on the same soiL .Military power might pre-
vent the meeting of the' Legislature which it had
dispersed, just as the armies of Great Britain
dispersed and sent our own national and State
Legislatures perambulating the country during
the revolutionary war, and again during the
late war with thatnation. Numerous instances
might be given to support this position if it
were requisite. The permanent occupation of
the country would not have the effect to destroy
the government of a conquered country. Not
one of the monsters of history would.thihk of
the destruction of the government .of a, people
that he had placed at his feet unless lie were a
madman.
The conqueror may suppress such institu-
tions or such parts of the- Government as are
inconsistent with his own safety and repugnant
to humanity; but he could not destroy it. To
interfere with the courts and subject the inhab-
itants to the outrages of military governments
is not contemplated by the mandate of our or
any civilization.
The mere expression of the people, as seen
in their visible State government, might be ren-
dered inoperative ; but the State in its highest
and real sense is the people. Th6se would ex-
ist and would, when permitted, resurrect their
inactive government and pilt it into motion. If,
as has been <lone, they were required to give a
new expression it would be substantially the
same; there would not.be a new element in
it; some limitations might be removed and
some of its rights and privileges might be ex-
tended. The Government would be precisely
the same unless a tyranny were exercised that
should crush out the very soul of the people ;
unless a despotism as remorseless and cruel
as that which daily and hourly, by slow torture,
draws out the heart of Poland were to exer-
cise its unrighteous power.
If the virtuous people of Virginia and Mas-
sachusetts, the most renowned republics on the
globe, were to-day called upon to frame each
a constitution there would be but little differ-
ence in their forms. If one were more liberal
in some of its provisions, the other would be
administered with more tenderness. I will not
recur to the history of eithet'of ;these- people
to uncover theirwounds arid set'them to bleed-
ing afresh, but call attention to their virtuous
and enlightened principles. All the discoveries
of humanity in the affairs of free governments
belong to each. They are impressed on the
minds of both with equal permanency. The
great " Magna Charta " of American liberty,
not by any means a thing that any man or peo-
ple could claim an exclusive right to, still did
receive its form from the great Virginian. I
admit it to its place in the Government of our
country as the basis of all our institutions. I
would with equal pleasure point to the inaugu-
ral address of the same great mind, when he
took his seat for his first presidential termj as
not less valuable, but even of higher and purer
origin, and more binding upon the patriot and
the Christian, in which the reign of reason is
preferred to bigotry or the sword.-
It is not important to-day what should have
been done at the close of the war, since it was
