1826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 10,
Mr. POMEROY. Bat it is ascertained that
there is no quorum present, and we cannot
proceed with business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is aware that there is a quorum present.
Mr. MORTON and others. Let us have
another division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Another
division is called for. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan.
The Chair will again count the Senate.
The question being again put, the amend-
ment was rejected; there being on a division—
ayes 17, noes 23.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move to strikeout
the eighth section of the bill entirely. In say-
ing a few words in support of this motion, I
may repeat some statements which have been
made, but if so, I am justified by the prece-
dent which has been set by older members of
this body. _ i
In the remarks which I made upon this sub- j
ject a few days since I took the ground that |
the requirements of this section of the bill were j
unjust, that the Government had no moral right
to take direct measures to diminish the value
of national obligations, or to demand of the
holders a less amount either of interest or
principal than the Government has promised
to pay, and further, that the effect of the bill
would be to withhold from the banks a portion
of the indebtedness of the Government, which
is repudiation. In order to show that the posi-
tion is not tenable, the honorable chairman of
the Finance Committee says:
" That the banks hold the franchise of issuing paper
money guarantied by the United States, whicn con-
stitutes the circulation of our country, and enjoying
that franchise we now stipulate with them for the
reduction of interest on their bonds."
That is, the Government stipulates with the
banks. Is this so ? To stipulate is to contract;
to make a bargain; to make an agreement or
covenant. But no contract or agreement can
be made without the consent of parties inter-
ested in the contract. Now, the Government
does not propose to ask the consent of the
banks, but to determine the terms of the agree-
ment for both parties. The Government con-
tracts with itself or determines that its creditors
shall reduce the interest on Government bonds.
Bat the Government has pledged its faith and
all its pecuniary resources to pay interest on
these bonds according to their tenor. The
bonds are evidence of so much money lent to
the Government, for which loan the Govern-
ment has not only promised to pay principal
and interest, but has given the franchise of
issuing paper money. This is the contract,
the stipulation entered into between the Gov-
ernment and the banks. Now, what is pro-
posed ? Why, the honorable Senatorfrom Ohio
says we stipulate for a- reduction of interest
on the bonds which the banks hold. What
does the Government propose to give as a con-
sideration for this.reduction? Does it propose
to give the franchise of issuing currency? No;
the banks have that already. What then? Not
a penny, and no new privilege} but it is a prop-
osition to take from the banks that which was
made valuable by the laws of this Government,
to take back a part of a promise to pfejr, and
to give nothing in exchange. If this is not
repudiation I am unable to understand the
meaning of the term. And I ask honorable
Senators to consider this measure in all fair-
ness and honesty; to avoid even the appearance
of evil, lest the chalice which you place to the
lips of your creditors be returned to yours with
a poison which will paralyze your whole gov-
ernmental system.
But suppose I am mistaken, and this meas-
ure may be adopted withont injustice to any
and without dishonesty on the part of the
Government, will it be expedient to adopt it?
I think not. It is not wise to nndermine the
superstructure which you build for a perma-
nent habitation. The honorable Senator from
New York placed thiB question in this respect
on true ground. Adopt this measure, and if
you do not compel banks to exchange bonds
which bear a fixed rate of interest, and which
are payable at a definite time, for those of less
value, you compel them to place their bonds
upon the market in competition with the
$1,200,000,000 of bonds which you propose to
issue under this bill. The amount of bonds
held by the banks is $346,000,000. This
amount, which equals nearly thirty per cent,
of the amount you propose to issrite, you force
upon the market, to be sold within one year,
in competition with your own. If supply and
demand have the same effect upon moneyed
securities as they have upon the price of mer-
chandise—and 1 am confident that they do—
this measure will greatly depress the value of
your bonds and-delay the negotiation of your
new loan. Then your loss may be greater
than your gain. I then ask, in all seriousness,
is this measure expedient; is it wise? As I
cannot regard it as either, or a& just and right,
I must vote not only to strike out this sec-
tion, but against the bill if its provisions are
retained.
Mr. SHERMAN. This question has been
constantly pressed before us since the opening
of this debate. I do not intend to discuss it
at any length, simply because each Senator
must have made np his mind by this time upon
the subject. No injustice is done to these banks.
The right to amend the banking law was care-
fully reserved. Many changes have been made
from time to time, and many changes must be
made in the future. The right to change their
securities and to require them to change their
securities is expressly reserved. There are
many provisions of the banking law by which
they can be required to increase the amount of
securities now held by them. They may with-
draw their securities at their pleasure, change
them at their own will, and under the pro-
visions of the act we may require them to
increase the securities deposited.
Now, what is the hardship complained of?
We are about to resume specie payments. We
are about to negotiate pur bonds at par in gold
bearing interest at five per cent. We all know
from the state of the money market that we can
put out our bonds at par in gold bearing an
interest of five per cent. The bonds now held
by these banks are redeemable at our pleasure,
all of them except $59,000,000; $280,000,000
of their bonds are now practically redeemable
at the pleasure of the United States. They
hold, it is true, a large amount of ten-forty
bonds, but those are bonds payable at a lower
rate of interest. There is no trouble or diffi-
culty about those. Only $59,000,000 of all the
bonds held by the banks are bonds that would
bear a premium in the money market of the
world. We do not deprive them of that pre-
mium. We leave the right open to them freely
to sell those bonds and receive the premium.
We do not even require them to exchange their
five-twenty bonds. They can if they choose go
into the markets and sell them, or they can
retain them in their vaults. But we do require
that, as the basis of a privilege the most exten-
sive that has ever been granted to any set of
private corporations in the wide world, they
shall give as security the bonds of the United
States which we are now about to offer at par
in gold.
What do we give them in exchange? We
give them npon purchasing these bonds the
right to issue four fifths of the amount of them
in money, and we give them the monopoly of
that right. We are about to withdraw from
circulation the greenbacks of the country. We
are about to retire and cancel our notes by the
provisions of this act. We are about to give
them the monopoly of the circulation of this
country, the sole and exclusive privilege of
issuing the paper money. We have destroyed
the State banks. And now what do we require
in return ? That they shall join us in reducing
the burdens of the public debt; that they shall
bear some little of their share of the loss of
income which every holder of the public secur-
ities must suffer.
Sir, national banks would be very unwise,
indeed, to make an issue on this question. If
any man here is a friend of the national bank
system I certainly can claim to be. I was here
at its cradle, introduced the original banking
bill and advocated it, and also introduced the
amendment to it, conducted it, and saw it
passed. But if I believed now that the banks
of the United States were unwilling to aid us
in reducing the rate of interest on the public
debt to the extent of the limited sacrifices they
are called upon by this bill to make I should
certainly change very much my opinion of
them and of the whole system. I do not be-
lieve there is any practical difficulty in the
way; nor do they lose by it if five per cents,
are worth par in gold. What do they lose by
taking one third of these bonds at five per cent.,
another third at four and a half per cent., and
another third at four per cent. ? They possibly
lose one half of one per cent, of the interest
on the bonds; that is all. But before this
scheme can succeed at all it must be on the
basis that five per cent, bonds are worth at
least par in gold. We require them when we
surrender to them the privilege of issuing all
the paper money of this country to reduce the
rate of interest on their bonds one half of one
per cent, on the average. Is that a hardship?
I think not.
When my honorable friend from Jtfaine was
complaining that we were taking these banks
by the throat and forcing them to do a great
many things that were wrong he forgot that
the privilege we conferred upon them, and
which they hold at our favor, is one of the
most important franchises ever granted to pri-
vate corporations. I did not expect that this
section of the bill would be attacked from the
quarter that it has been, but I expected that it
would be attacked from another quarter in a
political point of view, on the ground that we
were about to withdraw the favorite currency
of the people and fund it, as I think we ought
to fund it and get it out of the way and give to
the national banks ao important a franchise.
That was the point uj>on which I was prepared
to show that the national bank currency was
the best that could possibly be devised. But
I did not suppose that in the interest of the
national banks, or rather because of the alleged
hardships to the national banks of a slight
reduction of one half of one per cent, of the
interest on their bonds, any complaint would
be made. Why, sir, $92,000,000 of bonds now
deposited as security bear but five per cent. I
have the report before me showing that the ten-
forty bonds are now the basis of this circula-
tion and filed to the amount of $91,579,000.
The banks, if they make the exchanges pro-
vided by this bill, will lose one half of one
per cent, of the interest on their bonds, and
they will receive a bond exempt from all
income tax with many privileges, as the Sen-
ator from New York showed yesterday, that the
ten-forty did not have.
When they surrender their ten-forty bonds,
which are redeemable in 1874, they receive a
bond which runs fifteen years without the possi-
bility of redemption, a bond entirely free from
all income or other tax by State or national
authority. For all that and for the monop-
oly of the privilege of issuing paper money
they yield us one half of one per cent, on the
interest of their bonds. To call that a hard-
ship to the banks it seems to me is a misnomer
in terms. When we give them a bond bearing
five per cent, interest in gold, we give them a
bond that is worth par in gold; and when we
pay their six per cent, bonds off in gold, we
only do what we have a right to do under the
very terms of the bond.
There is not now a bond filed by the banks
as a security for their circulating riotes but w hat
is this day or this year redeemable at the pleas-
