1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3715
"Ameer. From perfectly natural causes the mint
at Carson must necessarily be a very heavy tax to
the Government without any apparent adequate
benefit, for this reason : the product there is silver,
which is of little value per ounce, and as tho cost of !
refining or separating the metals is based upon the '
amount of silver to be dissolved, requiring definite
chemical proportions of acids, salts, sulphuric acid,
anil  inc for its subsequent reduction, it becomes
much more expensive to rcfino than gold itself, be-
came it is ncurly entirely silver. In the Washoe
product we have, say, about forty ounces of gold in I
a thousand ounces of mixed meta£ leaving nine hun- I
dred and sixty ounces of silver. The ordinary prac- ;
tical proportion of acid is double the weight of the
silver to be dissolved; that is, where the gold and !
silver aro in proper proportions of one third gold
and two thirds silver by weight, not by value; these
arc tho proportions we mix the metals for the pur-
pose of refining in the mint, here where we havo
both gold and silver. Tho result is that the expense j
of refining silver in Nevada would bo much greater
than that of refining gold in California; and if tho
law is complied with, which is specific and direct,
that the charges for refining, making bars, &c.,shall
cover the cost, including labor, fuel, wear and tear
ot machinery, wastage, and everything, the result
would be a );rohibition of minting at Carson. The
law is explicit that the charge for separating must
cover the actual cost. To do that they will have to
establish a tariff at Carson, which will utterly pre-
clude a single ounce ever going into the mint
there.
"Question. Tour opinion, then, is that that mint
will have no business to do?
"Answer. Either the mint will have no business to
do from the high prohibitory tariff it must impose,
or it must do business at a very heavy loss to the
Government to compete with the advantages the
owners of the bullion have here in San Francisco.
Another reason why such must bo the oase is that
under present arrangements it is only at certain
periods of the year that refined silver is needed for
the China market, generally from April to June and
July. Those are the months when the heavy exchange
business of the East is carried on with Europe, and
there is great demand for refined silver; the rest of
the year there is littlo or no demand. The result
must bo—inasmuch as they cannot coin the silver of
Nevada, because a few hundred thousand dollars
would so glut the market for silver, which is not a
legal tender, that they could scarcely give it away—
that the operations of that mint must be to separate
the metals, coin the gold, and make the silver into
fine bars, which are to be removed to this city just
unrefined bars now are. and to bo sold for the best
price thev will bring. Moreover, there would be
delay in separating the metals at that small mint;
large quantities of silver would be delayed probably
from ten to fifteen days. This would bo a vexatious
delay that the miners and owners of bullion could
not put up with. Here, under present arrangements,
they get the amount of their bullion placed to their
credit in bank twenty-four hours from the moment
they ship it from Virginia City. Gold bullion in the
various banks here is sold for the European market
when the exchange is that way; or tho silver is sold
directly to the bankers themselves, who remit it for
the China market for their own account, when there
is a demand for fine silver.
"Another practical difficulty which may not be
realized by those gentlemen over there is that where
you refine gold and silver with an immense excess of
silver, which must necessarily be the case there, it is
a, very difficult operation. As I have said, tho proper
proportions foi refining would be, out of a thousand
parts, three hundred and thirty-three parts gold and
six hundred and sixty-six parts silver. That would
be three hundred and thirty-three ounces of gold in
a thousand ounces; but as we find the metals exist- •
ing there, there aro only about forty ounces of gold
in a thousand ounces of bullion on an average.
There is, therefore, an enormous excess of silver, and
there is a practical difficulty in refining metals where
the silveris in great preponderance as it is there. It
cuts up the gold to such an impalpable powder that
it stops the action of the acid. The gold at the bot-
tom of your refining pots forms an impalpable mud,
and the action of tho acid ceases. You therefore
cannot get your gold high enough for making the
proper standard of coin by the first operation of re-
fining. It also comes out so extremely brittle that
it has to be regranulated again with the proper pro-
portion of fine silver and refined the second time, in
addition to the first very heavy cost of refining."
Mr. PATTERSON. It will be seen by this
passage, and I might call for the reading of
many more like this, that the cost of refining
at Carson City is very much greater than in
San Francisco, and for two or three reasons.
First, the ore there has only forty parts of gold
out of a thousand parts of the bullion. It is
mainly silver, and very little of gold in a thou-
sand parts of the bullion. The amount of sul-
phuric acid and other acids required to bring
about the refining of this metal is very much
more than it takes for refining gold in San
Francisco, and it is almost impossible to do it
even with a great amount of acids. Then, the
acid has to be brought from San Francisco to
Carson City at a great expense. Then, the
eost of fuel, of wood, there is also another
item of great expense. I will read from the
book of estimates of appropriations a passage
on that point.
Mr. NYE. Do you say the cost of wood is
higher at Carson City than at San Francisco?
Mr. PATTERSON. 1 will read my author-
ity for that statement. I read from the book
of estimates:
"The superintendent of the C.irson City branch
mint, in his letter to the Director, says; ' Owing to ,
tho tact that operations in this branch have not
been commenced, and our force is not yet organized,
it is somewhat difficult to obtain an estimate of tho
number of workmen required, especially as the
probable amount of bullion to be received is at pres-
ent entirely conjectural. Our estimate for fuel must
necessarily be high, as we are forced to burn pine
wood, no other being attainable, and the price
thereof ranges from five to ten dollars per cord in
coin. Ordinary labor is scarcely to bo obtained here
at, less than five dollars in currency per day. while
skilled labor commands much higher prices. I think
that with close management tho amount estimated
will bo sufficient, but not more than will be abso-
lutely necessary." Signed, A. Curry, superintend-
ent. Tho Director invites special attention to these
explanations."
I do not wish to discuss this question, but
simply to state"the facts. Every man who was
before the committee said that the Govern-
ment did not need a mint there ; that the min-
ing interests of the Pacific coast did not de-
mand a refinery or an assay office or a mint
there, and that the cost of production would
be a continuous expense to the Government
if it was kept up. The building was put up,
I believe, at an expense of some ninety thou-
sand dollars. The appropriation asked for this
year is $91,000 and a little more.
Mr. NYE. I can correct my friend. The
cost of the building of the mint as it stands is
almost four hundred thousaud dollars.
Mr. PATTERSON. That is very much
worse than I had supposed. I am sorry that a
building which was not required for the pur-
poses of refining or of coining- should have
been put up there at that great expense.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted. The Government of the
United States has been expending a large
amount of money building a very line mint,
and has just got it in operation. There is a
statement now that it is not going to have
business. I.think it would be well, after hav-
ing gone to the expense of building a mint, to
try the question whether it is going to have
business or not. It seems to me it is child's
play to stop now, after all this expenditure,
without a trial. It will cost but little to try it.
Let us have this appropriation and see whether
it is going to do business. But to build it, and
then, because somebody is willing to make an
affidavit that it is not going to do business, to
abandon it, would be very foolish conduct on
the part of the Government. I do not believe
the Senate will take any such course. Give
us the appropriation, and let us Bee if it is
useful or not. That is the best test.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I do not know
when the days of our trial will be over. This
mint was authorized and directed by law in
1863, while Nevada was a Territory, and since
that every time we have proposed to get any-
thing done we have had " assay office " thrown
j in our faces, although the law said l<mint."^I
j can go to San Francisco and get a hundred
j more witnesses than the committee examined,
who would swear to the same thing, of course.
Carson City lies at the base of the eastern
slope of the Sierra Nevada mountains, about
three huudred miles from the city of San Fran-
cisco. We have been struggling. We produce
in Nevada from $15,000,000 as high some
years as $21,000,000 of bullion. Of course
there is a strong desire to manipulate and
handle that bullion in San Francisco. I think
if I was in San Francisco I Bhould be quite
likely to say, if my interest was there, that a
mint was not needed at Carson City.
Now, Mr. President, let me tell the chair-
man of that most industrious Committee on
Retrenchment that he knows but little about
how Carson City is situated. Right south of
Carson City, on the eastern slope of the Sierra,
have now been made richer discoveries of gold
thau California has ever produced. Where
those rich gold discoveries are found—and it
is known as the Meadow district—communi-
cation is all by the way of Carson City, and
all the golci and silver there produced have to
go by way of Carson City to get to San Fran-
cisco, passing our mint, to go there to be
manipulated and handled. I undertake to say
that Mr. Swain was never in Carson City in
his life; and this Mr. Garnett I know never
was there. Mr. Garnett is at the head of the
private refinery at San Francisco, and he lias
written a book as long as the Old Testament
to prove that refining cannot be done in the
mint, while every day's experience proves to
the contrary.
Mr. Swain takes it upon himself here to
testify before this committee that silver is not
needed for circulation. Why, Mr. President,
; ihe western coast, now including California,
are very glad to get silver. Times have changed
a little on the Pacific coast. A few years ago
you could not deposit over five dollars in silver
in a bank there, and the object of forcing all
the silver down to San Francisco was to refine
it into bars, and manipulate it, and make the
profit there, and sell the bars abroad. I can
inform the honorable chairman of the Retrench-
ment Committee that what Mr. Swain has as-
serted as to the actual doings of that mint has
proved to be untrue.
I am not going to talk much about this mat-
ter. If the Senate of the United States are
, prepared to say that after the expenditure of
$400,000 for this mint they will strangle it in
its birth, and not give it a trial, let them do it.
But I have a little word to say on the morale
of this Mr. Swain; and I take it from the testi-
! mony taken by this committee, and I suppose
they will consider themselves estopped from
denying its truth. During the time he was
; superintendent of the mint at San Francisco
there happened a strange kind of loss there
which he thus explains:
" Up to the time of the closing down Mr. SchmaJtS's
loss was somewhere in the neighborhood of fifty
ouncos; that is, his wastage since the let of January
was in the neighborhood of fifty ounces—eight or
nine hundred dollars—and after he elosed down and
. while he was settling up there was an abstraction"—
i In other words a theft—
i " of something in tho neighborhood of seven hun-
dred ounces which he never could account for."
It was the duty of the superintendent to set-
tle that affair and make it right; and I turn to
,the next page, and I will show you how he
! settled it. Remember, this is the testimony
upon which the Senator from New Hampshire
relies;
i " Mr. Schmaltz's legal limit of loss was between
eighteen and nineteen thousand dollars. His actual
loss was thirteen or fourteen thousand dollars.
! "Question. If he had reported that loss he would
have been held justified.
"Answer. In the settlement of the accounts at the
J close of every year, and at any settlement when wast-
I age is reported to the superintendent, the law re-
quires him to draw a warrant for tho settlement of
the account, provided it shows no greater wastage
! than the law allows and the superintendent is 3atis-
< iiedthatitisa6ona^i«wastage. In this case there was
shown a larger wastage than Mr. Schmaltz had been
| accustomed to exhibit, so much larger that I told
i him I should have to hesitate before 1 could draw
i my warrant, not boing entirely satisfied that it was a
ij bona fide loss; but on investigation I concluded that
j! it was my duty to draw tho warrant for that settle-
[ ment, and I did so."
He swore j ust before that it was not a wastage
but was an abstraction from that mint. A man
who discharges his public duty in that way will
s.ee a necessity or non-necessity for a mint any-
where. I need not say to the Senate that the
i voice of San Francisco would be unanimous
! on this question; but I will ask my friend one
question: did I not try to get this committee
to go and see this much-abused mint at Carson
for themselves?
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to my friend
that, with his usual well-known hospitality, ho
invited and eveu urged the committee to go
down and visit his city—not particularly to visit
