1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4659*
"salary" and inserting "salaries," and by
changing the term " minister resident and con-
sul general " from the singular to the plural;
and also by inserting after the word "Bayti"
the words " and Liberia," and to change the
sum from $7,500 to $11,500; so as to make
the clause read "forsalaries of ministers resi-
dent and consuls general at Hayti and Liberia,
$11,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am also directed by the
same committee to move to insert the word
"Japan," in the fourteenth line, after the word
"Peru," and to change the sum from $20,000
to$30,000. The clause will then read "to Chili,
Peru, and, Japau, $10,000 each, $30,000."
The effect of this amendment is to raise our
mission at Japan from minister resident to
envoy extraordinary and minister plenipoten-
tiary, with a salary of $10,000. The reasons
which governed the committee were twofold:
in the first place, the very high price of living
at Yokohama, where the minister resides, as
is attested by a communication of his to the
Department of State, which is on our tables,
and from which I will read a passage. Mr.
De Long, under date of December 27. 1SG9,
says:
"Upon my arrival here I succoeded, after very
much difficulty, in procuring two rooms for myself
and family in a hotel, the charges for which, includ-
ing bourd and lights, was ninety-eight Mexican dol-
lars per week; and for the same accommodations,
with the addition of onesleeping-room formy secre-
tary and a bed-joom. to be used as an office, the rate
charged - $700 per month, a sum considerably
exceeding the amount of my entire salary. X could
not rent a suitable dwelling-house here for my family
for less than $200 per month; and as I found it im-
peratively necessary to have a family residence here,
as none was procurable at Yedo, as it was unsafe and
most unpleasant for a family to reside there, and as
all of the other foreign representatives had their
residences hero, I was obliged to and did buy the
residence built here by my predecessor and then
occupied by him. Thus, including my passage-money
from San Francisco, I now find that I have already
expended over eleven thousand dollars, (Mexican,)
a sum almost equaling my salary for two years; and
I beg to assure you that this is an actual andaneces-
sary cash expenditure without any extravagance."
Thus much for the expenses to which the
minister to Japan is exposed. There is much
more that might be given on that head, but I
do not suppose the Senate would care to hear
it. There can be no doubt about it, and the
practical question with the committee was how
to meet the exigency. It was suggested to
make an appropriation in some way for his
benefit, or to provide a legation house, or at
least an office; but all that was found difficult,
according to our system, and the natural course
seemed to be to raise the salary in some way
consistent with our laws, and the only way was
by raising the rank of the office. In favor of
that the committee found strong reason simply
in consulting the authority on this subject, the
Almanach de Gotha, and reading the list of for-
eign representatives at Japan. 1 there find that
France is represented by a minister plenipo-
tentiary ; Great Britain by a minister plenipo-
tentiary ; Italy by a minister plenipotentiary ;
and even Portugal by a minister plenipoten-
tiary ; the United States only by a minister
resident.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe]
asks about the salaries. The salaries are not
given here, but the point is the rank. It is
just the same, if I may be pardoned for the
illustration, as if the other countries were rep-
resented by a general and we were represented
by a colonel. It was felt, therefore, perfectly
proper that the United States at Japan, where
our relations are beginning to he so important,
should be represented by a minister plenipo-
tentiary, as we are represented in China, as we
are represented also at Brazil, where, I pre-
sume, our relations are by no means so import-
ant as in Japan. It so happens, also, that Mr.
De Long during his short term of service has
been called to much responsible duty. The
whole country knows something of his effective
services with reference to the fate of the O neida.
He appeared for the United States, was present
at the trial, and the report shows his vigilance
and the ability with which he conducted it.
Since then, I understand, another very import-
ant matter has arisen which has required the
united energies of all the representatives of the
foreign Powers there—I mean something like
a persecution of native Christians; and it was
only through the joint efforts of all the min-
isters that those Christians obtained protection,
and I understand that in this matter Mr. De
Long showed his ability and vigilance.
^ There seemed to be no reason why the mis-
sion should not be raised, and strong reason
why it should be raised; and that reason is
reenforced by the other consideration, that in
raising the mission you add to the salary pre-
cisely according to the forms of law. I hope
there can be no question on it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
that this is reported from the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. From the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and has been carefully con-
sidered by them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is on
page 2, line fourteen, after the word " Peru"
to insert the words "and Japan;" to strike
out "and" before" Peru," and to strike out
"twenty" at the end of the line and insert
" thirty so as to read " to Chili, Peru, and
Japan, $10,000 each, $30,000."
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, our rapidly-
growing 'interests with the empire of Japan
I thiuk render it indispensably necessary that
this amendment should prevail. Our interests
in that country are now in advance, I think,
of those of any other nation; and the com-
munication that we have from our own coun-
try with the empire of Japan is likely to be
even more rapid and more frequent than at
present. Already the interior waters of that
country are occupied by our steamers. I be-
lieve we have almost the exclusive foreign
trade of the interior ports of that country.
While our interests are so rapidly growing in
that quarter of the world, it seems to me ab-
surd that our representative in that country
should possess less dignity, less rank than the
ministers of countries that have much less
business in that country.
As to the efficiency of our minister there,
and his very useful services, I need say noth-
ing. The country is well advised in regard to
that. We know that his services already have
merited a much greater reward than is pro-
vided by the law in the form of his salary. I
hope, therefore, that the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. STEWART. I simply desire to return
my thauks to the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations for having brought for-
ward this motion, and for the kind remarks
that he has made in regard to our minister to
Japan, who I think has justly earned the com-
mendation of the country. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. HOWE. 1 should not have thought any
criticism of this amendment was possible if it
had not been for the wealth of grati'sude be-
stowed upon the motion to increase the salary.
[Laughter.] That induces me to inquire of
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations if there were any complaints
made by the previous minister iu relation to
his salary.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, yes; there were. I have
conversed with the immediate predecessor of
Mr. De Long, and he has detailed to me, if 1
may so say, his grievances, both of want of
salary and want of rank. He was there deal-
ing with other ministers of higher rank than
his own and with higher pay.
Mr. HOWE. I believe Mr. Van Yalken-
burgh was our former minister.
Mr. SUMNER. He is the gentleman to
whom I refer.
Mr. HOWE. How long was he there?
Mr. SUMNER. I should say he must have
been there about three years.
_Mr. HOWE. How did he manage to pay
his expenses?
Mr. SUMNER. I am inclined to think he
is a man of some means.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to offer another
amendment, which I move at the request of the
Department of State. In line sixty-nine, I move
to insert "Odessa" between "Nantes" and
'' Oporto.'' It will be remembered that Odessa
is on our consular list, and indeed was included
in the bill which passed the Senate only the
other day; but there is no appropriation for
it here, and the Secretary, in writing to me,
says :
"In schedule B the consulates at Moscow and
Odessa should be inserted, unless the Senate pro-
poses to assent to their abolition."
The Senate has in point of fact assented to
the abolition of the consulate at Moscow, and
therefore I make no motion with reference to
that; but it has not assented to the abolition
of the consulate at Odessa. Under our exist-
ing law Odessa is one of the consulates of the
United States. I therefore move that the word
be inserted in line sixty-nine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What did I
understand the Senator from Massachusetts to
say about this amendment?
Mr. SUMNER. It is simply putting it on
the list of consular appropriations, it being in
the list of consulates in the bill that we passed
the other day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
that about Odessa, but I rose to inquire what
the Senator said about the consulate at Mos-
cow.
Mr. SUMNER. That has been dropped,
and therefore I make no motion ia regard tu
Moscow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, Then I have no
objection to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. There is another amend-
ment which I am directed to offer by the same
committee, at the request of the Department
of State. In line one hundred and thirteen I
move to strike out "$7,700" and insert
"$9,000;" so that the clause will read; *
For rent of prisons for American convicts in JajHm,
China, Siam, and Turkey, and for wages of the
ers of the same, including loss by exchange, $9,000.
The amendment was agreed to. / w
Mr. SUMNER. I have another amendment
to offer. In the last clause, on page 6jj theie
seems to have been a change from the®s«al
terms, whether by accident or how I do mot
understand. It is in the provision fortheipayi-
ment of our contribution to the Scheldt dues:
I move to transfer the words " and1 for. suc'h
further sum as may be necessary to carry'oat
the stipulations of the treaty between.the United
States and Belgium," and insert theni 'at ithe
end of the clause; so that it will read:-:r. n.;-.
For the payment of the sixth annual ^installment
of the proportion contributed by the UmtedjStates
toward the capitalization of the Scheldt-dues, $■&,-
584, end for such further sum as may ■be'neeessafy to
carry out the stipulations of the treaty*bieBT.eeB the
United States and Belgium. ■ ,
That is necessary, as I proposed ia' <jr,def.to
cover any difference of exchange* - . .The .sum
that we are obliged to pay is,$#5,581;; b.ut I
am told that there is an additio®g.l:Sum grow-
ing out of differences of calculation.' lost,by
exchange, which cause an average generally o f
about sixty thousand dollars; that is^ij.SOO
in addition to the sum appropriated. ri_,
The amendment was agreed to,, , i
Mr. SUMNER. I amditefited.by thb.saiiie
