1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
not done. The State governments were de-
clared " swept away " without law or reason
of fact to sustain it. A new expression was
taken at the point of the bayonet. These in turn
were again set aside, and a new rule applied
under the same power. A solemn promise was
made to admit the Senators and Representa-
tives upon complying with expressed condi-
tions. These conditions were faithfully com-
plied with, and new conditions were imposed,
which have likewise been met. All this neither
made new States nor unmade the old States.
Under the first essay the thirteenth amend-
ment was carried by States, of course, for
nothing but a State could ratify a constitutional
amendment, and a State entitled to represent-
ation. So they will be regarded. They have
never been anything less than equal, independ-
ent States. Mr. Lincoln so regarded them
when he authorized his Secretary of State to
declare this principle to the French Govern-
ment during the most violent period of the war.
The Supreme Court, in a recent decision,
have held them as States under all the varied
expressions that the people have made. Our
greatest living statesman declared in one of the
ablest speeches ever made in this body, on the
admission of California:
•" California is already aState—acomplete and fully
appointed State. She never again can be less than
that. She can never again be a province or a colony;
nor can she be made to shrink and shrivel into the
proportions of a Federal dependent territory. Cali-
fornia. then, henceforth and forever, must be what
she is now, a State."
So Virginia when she ceased to be a colony
was a State, and a sovereign State until she sur-
rendered a portion of her sovereignty to the
Union. I do not mean sovereignty in its Euro-
pean sense. No process of sweating can re-
duce her from an equal independent State.
Nor was it m the power of any portion of
her people to deprive her and her loyal people
of their just, vested rights in the Union. The
war, by a solemn declaration of Congress, was
undertaken for the preservation of the Union,
and consequently of the rights of the States in
the Union. The war was not made to destroy
buf to preserve ; it was waged against rebels,
not against States. When the rebel power was
quelled the rights of the citizens in the States
and in the Union sprung to life. They come
full grown, crowned with mature years. They
could be no less. Every hour that they have
been unnecessarily withheld has been treason
against justice. It maybe affirmed that this
pupilage of States was for the protection of
those who required it. The motive was a good
one, but the policy a bad one. Restore to all
their rights and then protect them in their en-
joyment.
The Government is one of law and not of
force. It acts upon citizens, not upon incor-
porated States, by force. Mr. Johnson, in
convention of the people of Connecticut for the
ratification of the Constitution, said:
" The force which is to be employed is the energy
of law, and this force is to operate only on individ-
uals who fail in their duty to their country."
Says Mr. Ellsworth:
" I am for coercion by law; that coercion which
acts only upon delinquent individuals. This Consti-
tution does not attempt to coerce sovereign bodies.
States in their political capacity."
The Union is a Union of States by the peo-
ple forming a Government designed to act on
them as individuals.
But, if it were possible, a greater, Mr. Web-
ster, has said, after quoting from the Federalist:
"The fabric of American empire ought to rest on
the solid basis of the consent of the people." f
* * * "The Constitution, sir, regards itself
as perpetual and immortal I It declares that now
States may como into the Union, but it does not de-
clare that old States may go out. The Union is not
a temporary partnership of States."
What is that Union? I will let Mr. Pinck-
ney, the most brilliant and accomplished law-
yer of the golden era that he graced, say :
" What is that Union ? A confederation of States
equal in sovereignty, capable of everything which
tho Constitution does not forbid or authorize Con-
gress to forbid. It is an equal Union between par-
ties equally sovereign. They were sovereign inde-
pendently of the (Jmon. The object of the Union
was common protection for the exorcise of already
existing sovereignty. The parties gave up a portion
of that sovereignty to insure tho remainder. As far
as they gave it up by the common compact they have
ceased to besovereign. The Union provides the means
ofdefending the residue, and itis into that Union that
a new State is to come. By acceding to it the new
State is placed on the same footing with the original
States. Itaocedesforthesamepurpose: thatis,pro-
tection for its unsurrendered sovereignty. If it
comes in shorn of its beams, crippled and dispar-
aged beyond the original States, it is not into the
original Union that it comes, for it is a different
sort of Union. The first was Union inter pares. This
is a Union between disparates, between giants and
11. dwarf between power and feebleness, between full-
proportioned sovereignties and a miserable image of
power—a thing which that very Union has shrunk
and shriveled from its fi stsizc, insteadofpreserving
it m its true dimensions.
"It is into 'this Union;' that is, the Union of the
Federal Constitution, that you are to admit or refuse
to admit. You can admit into no other. You can-
not make tho Union as to the new State what it is
not as to the old; for then it is not this Union that
you open for the entrance of a new party. If you
make it enter into a new and additional compact, is
it any longerthe same Union ? "—Annals of Congress,
Sixteenth (Jong., first sess., p. 398.
The war was made on the permanency and
perpetuity of the Union. The Government
tendered the issue and the Confederacy ac-
cepted it. One party contended for a per-
petual, an immortal Government; the other for
a ledgue or compact, from which the States
might secede. The confederacy lost, and the
nation remained as before.
I have but a word to say upon the funda-
mental conditions which are sought to be at-
tached to this State. They are useless, or an
absolute nullity. If they are already contained
in the Constitution they are of no value; if not,
they are pernicious and unavailing. If Vir-
ginia could come in upon conditions she is but
a conditional State, not an independent, equal
and perpetual State. The Government is not
composed of States absolute and contingent;
it then would become a mere contingent in-
stead of an immortal one. You might as well
speak of a contingent man or woman. The
fundamental conditions are not worth the
breath it requires to read them.
Apart from the nature of the State and its
relations to the General Government, we come
to the question, " cuibono?" Itisalleged by
several Senators that it will prevent the treach-
ery of Virginia. Is this probable? History
records no act of treachery on the part of Vir-
ginia. She has shown none in her effort at
reconstruction. Let her be tried by any rea-
sonable test. Apply to her the most searching
analysis. Let us try her colonial history.
While the British Government was upright
she was called the ever-faithful colony. When
the summons from her sister colonies came to
resist the encroachments of the mother country
upon their rights she flew to their support with
a devotion which carried confidence to all and
eventually won success. In the second war
with England she performed her whole duty.
In the war with Mexico she did her part, her
whole part. In war she has done all that was
asked or expected of her. In peace her con-
tributions to the prosperity and glory of the
nation havenot been less, buteven greater. You
could not strike Virginia from the history with-
out tearing out its brightest pages. Every
department of the Government has been illus-
trated by her great names, not claimed alone as
Virginians, but Americans, by all who love the
history of the Republic. Her history is secure
in the past; in it there is nothing to arouse
suspicion or distrust. I could not envy the
man who could harbor such a sentiment, to say
nothing of uttering it.
The distasteful measures adopted for the
reconstruction of Virginia have been executed
in good faith. General Canby so reports the
case to the country. The Judiciary Commit-
tee, after a long examination, report the same.
The House of Representatives have declared
the same. 1 have no means of knowing the
facts but through the public journals, and
judging from them I have arrived at the same
conclusion. On what grounds shall we predi-
cate the charge of treachery as to the great
body of her people or insinuate it? They have
the same literature, the same religion,- the
same code of morals as ourselves. T%ey have
the same glorious memories of the past to
inspire them, and the same bright hopes ®sr
the future. Why, then, are a whole people td
be denounced as treacherous? The charge is
ungenerous, unpatriotic, and untrue. It is ati
indignity to the spirits of her mighty and patri-
otic dead as well as to her virtuous living.
Let us test them, again, by a comparison of
her great men with those of other States. I will
frankly concede to the Senators froni Indiana
and Missouri [Mr. Morton and Mr. Drake J
that they are the grandest things that their great
States have done. They are the flowerage and
the fruitage of these great people in the way
of good faith and patriotism. To their great
patriotism and fidelity I would oppose two of"
Virginia's illustrious names—her Washington
and her Jefferson. The Senators being the
judges, Virginia will not suffer in the decis-
ion. Or let the American people decide, Vir-
ginia will come to any terms they may decree.
Another Senator would go still further, call-
ing to mind the circumstances of another occa-
sion. What similarity he discovered in it 1 do
not know. It was, however, after Duncan
slept well in his grave and the murdered
Banquo would not down that Macbeth sought
the witches in the cave whose " supernatural
soliciting" took his "reason prisoner" and
whetted up his fears, by the apparitions of an
" armed head" and a "bloody child," against
Macduff, that he exclaimed:
"Then live Macduff: what need I fear of thee ?
But yet I'll make assurance double sure,
And take a bond of fate; thou shalt not live."
Could the same motives induced by con-
sciousness of the same purpose have called,
for this bond of fate against Virginia that
drove the tyrant to unfold his frightful state
of mind :
" I am in blood
Stept in so far, that, should I wade no more,
Returning were as tedious as go o'er."
Let us wade no further in the deluge of blood
that has already covered her devoted and hal-
lowed plains. Let us go no farther with this
bloody business; sufficient, and more than suf-
ficient, has already flowed. One loving, gen-
erous prayer would do more for peace than
oceans of blood or years of cowardly and mean
suspicion. There is a state of mind that can-
not say amen when others say God bless us.'
No man who bears hangman's hands or hang-
man's hearts can utter an availing prayer. It
is notpossible that the benign and liberal prin-
ciples of a party are to be maintained by such
a bond, or such an assurance executed with
such a fell purpose as that of the degradation
of the peonle or withholding from a State its
rights.
I ask again, what is expected from these eon -
ditions? Is there any privilege or immunity
denied to a citizen? The Federal Government
has the power to enforce it. If an attempt is
made to deprive any citizen of his life, liberty, or
property without due process of law the Gov-
ernment may enter the State and protect him.
No excessive bail can be required, no excess-
ive fines imposed, nor cruel and unjust pun-
ishments inflicted. The right of trial by jury
in the district and State in which the crime
was committed, after due information has been
given, with every right requisite to a fair trial®re
guaranteed to him. The Government is fully
authorized to defend the State against a sub-
version of its form of government, to suppress
insurrection, and repel invasion. I know of
no personal right, either in the State or in the
Federal Government, not fully guarantied and
protected under the Constitution.
It may be alleged that the safety of the cit-
izen does not depend so much iijion the laws
as upon their execution. The citizens of one
party will be unjustly treated by those of the
other. If such a position were true there
