2772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
I turn to the prices of iron and I find the
lowest grade of foreign iron imported into this
country, Scotch pig, sells in the markets of this
country at from $37 to $42 and $43 per ton;
$37 at places which can be reached entirely by
water transportation and $43 in the interior,
thus, leaving a margin of from $10 to $13 a ton
to protect our manufacturer's against foreign
competition. Then again, turning to the price
of American iron, 1 find it runs from $33 for
the lowest to §39 50 for the highest grade of
American iron, or an average of $36 per ton,
selling price. I quote from, the Iron Age.
Now, sir, from those figures, if they are
correct, and i have every reason to believe
they are, it leaves the iron producer an aver-
age profit of $9 per ton. The magnitude of
that profit will better appear when we show
a single furnace, and almost every establish-
ment lias more than one, will turnout ICO tons
per week ; and assuming furthermore a furnace
will work ten months in the year, the profit, at
$'.) a ton for a single furnace, will be $59,400 a
year, or at $0 it would still be $39,600; and if
put down at $4 it would be $20,400, over and
above the interest on the capital, which is
already calculated in the cost ol'production.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. FINKELNBUliG. One moment more,
ilr. Chairman, and 1 will state what 1 am in
favor of and what I will vote for. In view of
these facts we may safely reduce the tariff on
pig iron one third ; that is to $U a ton, which
it was before the present duty was laid on it in
"18G1: and when it was (lone thegentleman who
brought in the report [Mr. Mouruu.., of Ver-
iiiontj expressly said it was done to compen-
sate the iron manufacturer for the internal
lufenue taxes.
The GHAUIMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
The amendment to the amendment, by unani-
mous consent, was withdrawn.
Mr. NliGLBY. I rise to renew the amend-
ment of my colleague aud to make the duty
$9 a ton.
ilr. Chairman, it requires a great deal of
patience t.o sit here quietly and calmly and
have the time of the House wasted with worn-
oat free-trade sophistiy on the other side of
the House and the expression of flippant her-
esies on this. 1 believe now gentlemen on both
sides have exhausted their line of argument,
and are now, as wo say in the Army, simply
skirmishing. Gentlemen seek to attempt to
impress the country by their arguments be-
fore this House that the protection of our
industry is not essential to the growth and
prosperity of the country, but it is an effort
which will bo answered by the people them-
selves, whose interests arc chiefly, affected, in
the language of the gentleman from New York
[Mr, Bkooks] when he described the ejacu-
lations of the sheep on the mountains—baa I
baat baa! [Laughter.]
Our action here must be guided by reason
and by the results we have seen. England by
her policy established and maintained her man-
ufactures for one hundred and fifty years. She
accorded that stability which is asked for by
every man who invests his money in manufac-
tures. ft is the want of stability, as the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Air. Scofiui.d] said
to-day, which is the greatest injury to our in-
dustrial interests. "Unstable as water, thou
shalt not excel," was the language of the old
patriarch. Consequently the only reason why
competition does not speedily come to the res-
cue of these gentlemen who want cheap com-
modities is the feet that no man who is wise
will invest his money in the manufactures or
industry of the country when the next Congress
by an act, may undo what the previous Congress
1ms done and throw his capital to the winds.
As 1 said, results are t.o be considered. In
Kngiand and Stance to-day there is a clamor
lor protection. They have tested fully the
theories of the gentlemen on the other side of
the House on this subject; and the members
of the ministries of those countries who some
time ago declared for unrestricted commerce
dare not repeat that declaration to-day. Strikes
in France and clamors in England have been
the result of free trade. The leading journals
of those countries, the Times in England and
the Moniteur Industrielle in Prance, have
brought out elaborate arguments in favor of
protection. In the Moniteur Industrielle I
find the following remarkable statement:
" In fact, as a general result, the wino interest in
France has alono been profited by the much cele-
brated treaty tariff withEngland, andtherestof the
country has become disgusted with the failure of
the treaty in other respects, and with the real and
permanent injury already exporienccd in almost
everything else,
" To whatever period of the past we so back no
other example will bo found of results so unfavor-
able. From 1827 to 1829 the average exports were
200,700,000 francs; and in 1834 to 1886 they rose to
20.5,-000,000 francs, .the increase for the interval of
seven years being 32,800,000 francs, or for each year
4,700,000 francs."
Now, sir, if I were in favor of free trade,
as I am in favor of cheap commodities; I should
argue in favor of a prohibitive tariff. If I
wished to bring our manufactures down to the
level of the manufactures of England and
France I would vote for a prohibitive tariff,
because there is no man upon this floor who
questions the expansiveness of our capital and
the energy and determination of our people fo
excel in whatever they undertake. For this
reason the encouragement of capital m the
development of our material resources will
speedily, throngh competition, lessen the cost
of other articles as it has of steel rails and
cutlery.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman. 1 desire
very much to put a stop to the cry of pig; and
I ask unanimous consent to stop this debate in
fifteen minutes ; otherwise I will have to move
that the committee rise to obtain an order from
the House for that purpose.
Mr. COX. This is the most impoitant fea-
ture in the bill, and I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. llow longwoud the gen-
tleman like the debate to continue?
Jlr. COX. For half an hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to a
reasonable time being allowed.
Mr. WOODWARD. I object to the debate
being out short abruptly.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 should like to hear the
gentleman from Pennsylvania; [Mr. Wood-
Mr. WOODWARD. I want to support your
bill against my friend from New York. I'Mr.
Cox.] ' "
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
limiting debate on this paragraph to half an
hour?
Mr. BIRD. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would like to stop the
debate at some time between now and the mil-
lennium. I move that the committee rise.
'The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FINKELNBUJRG. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew if. I do so for
the purpose of recalling the attention ol' the
committee to some remarks that 1 made in
reply to thegentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kr.LLEY.] He stated that if a reduction was
made of "the duty on pig iron it would result in
the absolute destruction of the pig-iron interest
of this country. I called his attention to the
fact that from the year 18-10 to the year Hoi
the increase in the production of pig iron was
j gradual and healthy and continuous, and that
| under what is denominated by the gentleman
I from Pennsylvania a free-trade tariff. In reply
to that the gentleman stated that from 1857 to
1801, when the tariff was reduced from 30 per
cent, ad valorem to 2-1 per cent, ad valorem.
the iron resources of Pennsylvania were closed
up. Now, the facts are that there were some
iron furnaces in Pennsylvania closed, to wit, a
class of charcoal-iron furnaces. But these wen?
supplemented and. substituted by a class of
anthracite furnaces, which largely increased
the production of pig iron in certain portions
of Pennsylvania.
But inasmuch as the gentleman alluded to
the fact that there was a diminution in the pro-
duction of pig.iron in this.country, I want to
call his attention to the statistics with reference
to the pig-iron importations from 1857 to" 1861.
I hold m my hand a Treasury report showing
the importations of iron for a series of years.
I find that the importations of manufactured
iron from 1857 to 1801 were in value as follows:
In 1857 '. ?25, 951,111
In 1858  16,828,0.(9
In 18o9   1/,0*H,5!)0
In 1800  21.520,594
In 1801  17,477,9.),!
In 185S, during the year of depression of
which the gentleman speaks, there was a dim-
inution in the importations to the extent of more
than $9,000,000 in value, so that if .our own
pig-iron furnaces closed there was a great re-
duction in the importation of pig iron or manu-
factured iron, and it was because of the great
monetary depression that followed the financial
crisis of 1857, and not because of the reduction
of the tariff to 24 percent, ad valorem. In 1859
the amount of iron imported was $8,000,000
in value less than in 1857. That is an answer
to the argumentthattbepig-ironinterest would
be crushed by a reduction of the tariff.
The gentleman from the nineteenth district
of Ohio [Mr. Gakfield] introduced a paper
and sent it to the Globe reporters to be inserted
as a part of his remarks showing the iron inter-
est in the nineteenth district of Ohio. I have
read that paper with care, and it discloses the
fact that of the nineteen furnaces now in opera-
tion in that district thirteen were built between
184C and 18G0 under the free-trade tariff of
which the gentleman speaks, and only six have
been built from the period of 18G1 to 1809 under
the high protective tariff, with the immense
stimulus of the war and the increased demand
for iron in addition to the protection in the
present statute. So that under a free-trade tai iff,
which these gentlemen tell us has depressed the
pig-iron interest, we find that it has progressed
more rapidly, more steadily, and more healthily
than it has at any time in the history of our
country. And yet when we propose a reason-
able reduction in the duty on pig iron, in order
that the consumers may now have a fair reduc-
tion in the price of these products, we are to
be told that if we propose any reduction what-
ever we shall depress and destroy the iron
interest of Pennsylvania. Sir, I am not here
to war upon Pennsylvania or upon any section
of the country; I would not'injure a single
productive interest of Pennsylvania; b ut 1 ask
these gentlemen who speak i'or the furnaces of
Pennsylvania and for the toilers in those fur-
naces to remember the toilers under the sail,
the men who are engaged in consuming this
iron in the shape of agricultural implements,
and in the shape of tools employed in me-
chanics' shops, and in the various interests of
the country. If there is to be a shrinkage of
values, let that shrinkage fall upon ail classes
ot tin- coanuy, and ic; the various iri'eresto
bear tlieir proper proportion of this reuu.:ti<ui.
I <lo not believe that it will seriously interfere
with any productive interest iu PennsUvania
or any other State to make a reduction of this
duty on pig iron to either $0 or $5 a ton.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLiiY. The gentleman misappre-
hended nie ii ho understood ins in replv.ng to
him to nave said that the production of Penn-
sylvania furnace;- diminished. 1 did notsav so.
1 spoke ot theproductiou-of the country. Penn-
sylvania eaiiuutnulaeture pig iron whi!e an\
Statu in the Union can manufacture u. But
see cannot manufacture it when others cannot
as a. genera! ruie. My argument was that the
reduction of the duty imported and diminished
the production of tne country, aud that is so.
in 185-1 we produced 710,074 tons: and in 1 SGI,
