5604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
paid, as it accrues, to the superintendent of
education for the State of South Carolina, or
such other officer as shall be designated by the
Legislature of said State, to be used under his
direction for the maintenance of schools for
children and youth on said sea islands, irre-
spective of race or color, and for no other pur-
pose ; and all school lots, houses, furniture,
and books, which are or shall be held or con-
trolled for the support or use of schools on the
said sea islands by the said Commissioner
of the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and
Abandoned Lands, or by the said direct tax
commissioners for South Carolina, shall be
transferred to the superintendent of education
of the State of South Carolina, or to such other
officer as shall be designated by the Legisla-
ture of said State, to be held for the use and
support of schools in said parishes. And any
balance of the school fund herein authorized
to be expended by the Commissioner of the
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands, which shall remain unexpended
when said last-mentioned bureau shall be dis-
continued by law, shall thereupon be trans-
ferred to the superintendent of education of
the State of South Carolina, or to such other
officer as shall be designated by the Legisla-
ture of said State, to be expended for the
maintenance of schools in said parishes.
The ninth section provides that all lands
lawfully set apart for military, naval, or rev-
enue uses, including the site designated for a
navy-yard on St. Helena Island, including, also,
Seabrook's landing on Hilton Head Island,
and the sites designated for light-houses on
Phillips, Hilton Head, and Hunting islands,
be, and the same are thereby, excepted from
the operations of the act; and that the same
when not in actual possession of the military
or naval forces or proper officers of the United
States shall be leased by the collector of inter-
nal revenue for the district in which said lands
are situated in such way and manner as shall
secure the greatest amount of revenue to the
United States. And the commissioners afore-
said are hereby authorized to bid off for the
United States at the salehereinbefore provided,
either the parcel of land in the town of Beau-
fort, known as "lots A and B, block 123," or
the parcel of land in said town, known as " lot
D, block 81," and immediately thereafter to
convey said parcel of land so bid off to the
county of Beaufort, as a site for a court-house,
provided that the former purchasers of either
of said parcels of land shall not be debarred
thereby from paying any deferred installments
which may be due on either of said parcels of
land, (if they shall so elect,) prior to the day
of such sale, and thereby acquiring a title
thereto ; and in the event that both of said
parcels of land should be entirely paid for by
the former purchasers thereof prior to the said
day of sale, th? said commissioners are hereby
authorized to purchase at said public sale any
other parcel of land eligible for such site at a
price not exceeding the price paid for either
of the above-named parcels of land by the
purchasers thereof, and to convey said parcel
of land so purchased by said commissioners to
said county for the said purpose.
The tenth section provides that the duties
and offices of the aforesaid tax commissioners
shall cease and determine whenever the Presi-
dent of the United States shall deem their ser-
vices no longer necessary.
The eleventh section provides that certificates
of sale of lands to the purchasers thereof, under
this act, shall be issued by the commissioners,
agreeably to such forms as shall be approved
by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The twelfth section provides that all acts or
parts of acts inconsistent with the act are
thereby repealed.
Before the reading of the bill was concluded,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the further
reading of the bill be dispensed with until the
next session of Congress.
Mr. WOOD. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
yield the floor for either of those purposes.
The reading of the bill was then resumed
and concluded.
Mr. BUTLBR, of Massachusetts. I desire,
Mr. Speaker, to explain to this House 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire how
this bill has come here?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has stated that it is regularly reported
by the Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. WOOD. As a member of the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction I beg to say that I never
heard of it before.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Iam sorry
that the gentleman was not present when the
bill was considered by the committee.
Mr. WOOD. And here is my colleague from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,] whoisanother
that never heard of it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let us
hear from some one who did. I ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] to state
what he knows of it.
Mr. WOOD. I appetel to the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnswoetii] whether he ever
heard of it.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say that as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Reconstruction I
opposed this bill in every form. It was laid
before the committee, and in spite of iny opposi-
tion the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mi'.Paine]
was ordered to report it. My colleagues from
New York and Pennsylvania were absent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If gentle-
men will allow me to stale what the bill is, I
think there will be no opposition to it, although
my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] opposed
it in committee.
Mr. WOOD. "Mr. Speaker, would my motion
be in order, to refer the bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. It would be if the gentle-
man had the floor for that purpose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suppose the ques-
tion can now be raised whether the House will
consider this report?
The SPEAKER. The only way is to raise
the question whether it is the report of the
committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTIi. Cannot the motion
be made that the House do now consider it?
The SPEAKER. The bill has been read,
and the discussion has' begun, and it is too late
to make that question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now, if
gentlemen will allow me to state what the bill
is, I think there can be no substantial objec-
tion to it, except from those who always object
to everything that is good. • This was the state
of things: during the war, in 1SC2, tax com-
missioners were appointed to levy a direct tax
upon the people of the southern States. Tax
commissioners were appointed in South Car-
olina. They sold a large quantity of lands
under tax sales. They gave titles to those
lands. While this was being done, General
Sherman, on his march to the sea, came to
these islands of South Carolina, and put there
a large number of negroes, who bought their
titles under these sales. In the mean time, a
largo portion of these lands was bid off by the
United States, and reserved for school-houses
and school privileges, and some for court-houses
and other public purposes.
Now, this bill is almost exactly in the same
words as a bill which passed the House in the
Fortieth Congress, in order to quiet these titles,
and dispose of and get rid of these tax com-
missioners. Do not gentlemen of this House
know that the tax commissioners, under the
direct tax act of 1862, are still going on and
drawing their salaries from the Treasury of the
United States? And there is no other way to
get rid of them. This bill, in the last section
but one, provides that they shall be got rid of.
It provides that the titles to the lands so sold
shall be issued. It provides also that two of
the tax commissioners may be sufficient to
sign the certificate, as a matter of convenience.
ENROLLED BILLS, ETC.3 SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled'bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles; "when
the Speaker signed the same :
A bill (S. No. 880) to authorize the refund- .
ing and consolidation of the national debt, to
extend banking facilities, and to establish spe-
cie payments;
A bill (H. R. No. 1721) for the relief of J.
Alden Rathbun, postmaster of Mystic Bridge,
Connecticut;
A bill (H. R. No. 1950) granting a pension
to Mary Lincoln;
A bill (H. R. No. 2045) to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2002) to require national
banks going into liquidation to riMre their cir-
culating notes;
A bill (II. R. No. 21G9) to establish a port
of delivery at Kansas City, Missouri ;
A bill (H. It. No. 2244) for the relief of the
United States and Brazil Steamship Company :
A bill (H. R. No. 2350) to discontinue the
Clarksville, Arkansas, land district, and the
establishment of an additional land district in
that State;
A bill (H. R. No. 2352) to relieve Vernon
II. Vaughan, of Tuscaloosa, Alabama^of all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth articleoftheamendrnentofthe Con-
stitution of the United States;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 190) for the
relief of J. Edwards Clarke and the heirs and
legal representatives of John T. Peabody,
deceased;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 200) for the
relief of Joseph and MatthewM. Merriman, of
Hartford, Connecticut:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 23G) relative
to the stone presented by the patriots of Rome
to the late President Lincoln; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 851) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to examine
and adjust the accounts of the late collector
of the third and sixth collection districts of
Missouri.
SUA ISLAND LANDS.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 2289) to provide for the
sale of certain lots and lands of the sea islands
of Beaufort county, South Carolina, and for
other purposes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] isentitled to the floor.
Mr. B UXLER, of Massachusetts. I was say-
ing, when interrupted just now, that the first
section of this bill provides that the titles to
these lands shall stand according to the sales.
The second section provides that the certifi-
cates of the commissioners shall be signed by
two instead of by three tax commissioners; so
that there need not be another commissioner
appointed. The next section provides that
the title to the various lots and parcels of pub-
lic lands shall be confirmed to the United
States. The next section provides that all the
moneys arising from school property which are
now in the hands of the Commissioner of the
Bureau of Refugees and Abandoned Lands,
and in the hands of these tax commissioners,
shall be paid over to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to be held in trust for the benefit of all the
scholars on these inlands; so that where there
is now no accountability and no responsibility
for tins money it may be held in trust for the
benefit of the school children of that region.
The next section provides that the tax com-
missioners, as soon as they finish this work,
may cease to hold office, in the discretion of the
President. 1 ask gentlemen not to entertain a
prejudice against this bill because it relates to
