1828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
execute the fiat. Under such constraint, and
allured also by professions and by great praises
for their patriotism, the State banks ceased
to be and the national banks rose npon their
rains.
I am not going to repeat the arguments stated
so well by the Senator from M aine, to show that
the United States became a party to a contract,
or at least plighted faith with these institutions.
"Such being the attitude of the United States,
what is proposed? These banks are the own-
ers of four classes of bonds; perhaps more,
but four is enough for my illustration. They
own 1881s, being six per cent, bonds payable
in gold; they own ten-forty bonds ; they own
live-twenty bonds ; and they own bonds issued
to the Pacific railway. Three classes of these
bonds bear six per cent, interest; the ten-for-
ties bear five. The average bond which they
are required to substitute bears four and a half
per cent. Now, I wish the Senator from Ohio
would tell us, and I am not the only Senator in
need of the information, how he makes out that
the difference in the exchange of bonds is only
one half of one per cent ? One third of their
proposed basis is to be bonds bearing four per
cent.; one third, four and a half; and one
third, five. This is an average, as the Senator
admits, and as all see, of four and one half per
cent. Their bonds now all bear six per cent,
interest except the ten-forty bonds. How, then,
can the Senator affirm that they are called upon
to lose only one half of one per cent. ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That statement is made
upon a supposition and the fact that the five
per cent, bonds now are worth par in gold,
and there is no doubt about it.
Mr. CONKLING. Which five per cent,
bond?
■ Mr. SHERMAN. The five per cent, bond
provided for by the first section of this bill is
now worth par in gold in any money market
of the world.
Mr. CONKLING. Do not let my honor-
able friend and myself differ about that; I will
concede the accuracy of his. statement; but I
ask him again what he means by saying that the
banks are called upon to lose but one half of
one per cent? They receive now upon their
bonds six per cent, in gold as interest, do they
not; three per cent, semi-annually, six per
cent, annually?
Mr. SHERMAN. Six per cent, on about
two thirds. -
Mr. CONKLING. Very well; six percent, on
about two thirds. Now, to simplify this let me
speak of that two thirds first. Suppose a five
per cent, bond is worth par. That may go, if
you please, to some question of premiums that
may arise; but I am not speaking of premiums;
1 am talking about the accretion, the earnings,
the profits of the bond; and I say the difference
is between a bond bearing six per cent, inter-
est in gold and a bond bearing four and a half
per cent inteeesfc5. nd I borrow the expression
of ray friend wheik Lady that any boy knows
arithmetic eooughi to see that in place of being
one half of onep6r cent., th&4ifference isone
and a half percent, no matter honfiyou state
it. This the Senator must admit) is teue of
two thirds of the present basis of tmnk circu-
lation. I am conceding, for the sake of the
argument, that the Senator from Ohio states
as it is the six per cent, proportion. He says
two thirds, and I take him at his word to save
time.
Now, what is the excuse for this? Upon
what grounds is it to stand ? As the Senator
from Maine says, is it honest? It is an honest
business transaction? If it is, why do not they
say to you, Mr. President, you must appear at
the Treasury of the United States and surren-
der your six per cent, bonds and take four and
a httlf per cent, bonds for them? They do not
say it to you. Why? Because somebody outside
of this Chamber might have the hardihood to
say that that would be repudiation. They do
say it to a bank. Why do they say it to a bank?
Because in the national currency act we em-
ployed the phrase that Congress retained power
to amend or alter or repeal that charter. Can
any Senator see in this provision an exercise
of that power? As a question of power, with-
out regard to the distinction well stated by the
Senator from Maine between the power to_ do
a thing and the right to do it—as a question
of power we may refuse to pass any appropri-
ation bills. Does anybody doubt that? As a
question of power we may repudiate the public
debt and crimson our records with infamy and
repudiation. We have the power to do it, but
we have not the right to do it; and as far a3
the East is from the West, so far always is the
quality of power merely, as distinguished from
the rightful exercise of power.
But even as a question of power, will any
lawyer tell me that a provision like this is the
execution of the reservation to which I have
referred—the right to alter the charter of a
corporation ? No, sir; it is not the exercise of
such a power. Let me test it by an illustra-
tion. The State of New York has power to
grant legislative charters to incorporate com-
panies. That State has exercised that power
many a time. Let me take any creature of its
will, and suppose the State attempts to violate
a contract clear and unmistakable, is it a war-
ran table act under a right reserved in the charter
to amend, alter, or repeal that charter? So
far would this be from the exercise merely of
the right to alter or amend, as Senators know,
that the Constitution of the United States would
take hold upon it and place its seal of con-
demnation and of impossibility upon it, because
the Constitution says that no State shall pass
any law impairing the obligation of contracts.
When a State attempts to repudiate as against
a corporation, or to impair the obligation of
contracts, it does not escape from the Consti-
tution of the United States, because it does it
under pretense of amending the charter of a
corporation. That disguise is too thin, and so
the courts have often decided.
What, then, do we propose by this provision ?
Simply to compel, under penalties, parties hav-
ing vested rights to .surrender those rights; in
other words, to submit to a loss; and the Sen-
ator from Ohio emphasizes my argument by
saying, as he did a momentago, that the rea-
son, the motive behind, is that the bonds which
you propose thus by compulsion to " plant "
will be below par in the market, and therefore
you cannot trust the option of buyers to take
them, but must compel their reception because
they are to be below par.
Now, the Senator says banks are to organize
hereafter, and they ought to be compelled to
receive the new bonds. Undoubtedly. Why?
Because they will come with their eyes open
and accept these bonds, which bonds will con-
stitute the basis of the contract with them.
No objection can be made to that, and if the
Senator thinks that the banking sections are
an appropriate part of the pending measure
he has only so to modify them as to prescribe
to every bank in the future such terms as he
pleases; but no argnmentoan be thence derived
in favor of striking at existing rights.
Again, Mr. President, suppose as to future
bants the pending provision be adopted; what
is the security that to-morrow, or at the next
session, this provision will not be taken away ?
None whatever. The same argument which
will prove this will prove that also. So that
the argument, if it proves anything, comes to
this: that we avow a determination so far as
regards banks to withhold from them such part
of the value of their securities as we please, or,
to borrow a phrase from the West, to garni-
shee their securities and the obligations of the
Government held by them. That is what it'
comes to.
I am unable to see that this is right. I am un-
able to find an objection to a fair exchange in the
suggestion made by the honorable Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Morton.] He said to the Senator
from Michigan that if the bonds now proposed
shall be below par the banks would take them
below par, under the amendment of the Senator
from Michigan. I answer the Senator, that if
you propose to force bonds upon any party
nolens volens, and require him to take them,
certainly he ought to be allowed to take them
at the market value, whatever that value may
be. I think, reduced to a transaction between
individuals, we could not well differ about it.
If I am going to compel you, Mr. President,
to take from me a piece of property, whether
you want it or not, one would suppose that
such a power would be plenary, even if I only
exacted from you its market value. So that I
submit that if this exaction is to be enforced
at all the appropriate measure of value is the
market value ; and in point of morals, if that
market value be below par, the argument is
stronger than it would be otherwise.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator will allow
me, the suggestion I made was that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan would vio-
late the fundamental idea of the bill by allowing
the new bonds to be discounted, allowing the
banks to take them at less than their face on
the one hand, or by requiring the Government
to account for the premium on the other bonds,
it would increase the aggregate debt; and I
illustrated that, $100,000 of five-twenties com-
manding a premium of twenty per cent, under
that amendment would entitle the holders to
draw $120,000 of four per cent, bonds, and
increase the debt $20,000. I presume the Sen-
ator from New York will not dispute that prop-
osition. I said that that would violate the theory
of the bill. I was not expressing any opinion
about the merit of the original proposition. I
did suggest the other day, I will say to the Sen-
ator from New York—I do not know whether
he was present or not—that the bonds held by
the banks were the only bonds that the Govern-
ment now had no interest in funding, because
in the form of capital stock we could tax them
to any extent we pleased ; we could tax away
their entire interest; and that I supposed if the
banks were required to take a bond bearing a
lower rate of interest we would at the same
time be compelled to reduce the taxes, so that
what we gained on the oue hand we should lose
on the other ; but that we had an interest in
finally funding the bonds held by the banks, for
the reason that some of the banks might retire
their circulation and their bonds would go out
of the Treasury and again go on the market.
Therefore we had an interest in funding the
bonds held by the banks, but we had no imme-
diate interest in doing it,
Mr. CONKLING. The suggestions the
Senator groops together are certainly cogent.
Nevertheless, I suggest to him, and 1 think he
will agree with me, that when you accept the
proposition that the bonds are to be pat off by
force, if I may say so, yon ought at least to
couple with it that if at the time they are below
par the person required to accept them shall
pay only the market value.
Mr. MORTON. I said before that that was
a harsh provision.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator reminds me
of another thing by a suggestion he makes.
He says, and well says, that when placing a
burden in this respect upon the banks, the
expected alleviation will be by diminishing
the taxes. I have heard that before. I have
heard members of this body who proposed to
vote for the provision now under consideration
declare that they expected to do justice to the
banks by exempting them from taxation, so as
to equalize it. In other words, we will take it
out of one pocket and put it into the other.
If it comes to that, I might add, as the only
contribution I can make to the statement which
came from the Senator from Maine, that its
self-counteraction renders it, aside from every-
thing else, wholly nugatory.
Mr. President, I make this observation in
conclusion: I trust that we may have a funding
