1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
reasons which must be obvious in the condition
of this debate and the great importance of the
subject of it, go into any defense of the Demo-
cratic party of the country. •
Its history for the sixty years before the war
is the history of the United States. It is the
history of American institutions; of the Ameri-
can race; of all the triumphs of it or of them.
Since the war it has also had a history. What
will be the judgment of the future upon it, the
future can only show. The great events of the
last ten years are not to be judged in man's day.
Whether the party which is dominant in this
Chamber, as it has been in the country for all
the years since the war began, shall entitle itself
to as honorable a position in history, history
itself will show. No assertion, now or here-
after, upon the one side or the other, can affect
that result. It will depend upon the great
facts 011 the record. Th  question will be
whether this Republican party in its manage-'
ment of the war managed it wisely and well
for the paramount principles for which at first
the war was carried on, and for which alone it
could ever be carried on with the slightest justi-
fication, namely, the maintenance of the Union
and of the Constitution in the States in seces-
sion ; that question in the first place; and
next, whether since the war, in dealing with its
results, that same party has acted on the whole
with wisdom and patriotism for the general
benefit of the country, and especially for the
maintenance and vindication of the same great
principles of which 1 have spoken. These are
the first questions upon which the judgment of
history and of war will have to be rendered.
If what is to be shall be like that which has
been that judgment is scarcely a matter of
doubt. Meanwhile, with all that is before
our eyes in these Halls and outside of them,
it is a little premature, to say the least, for
Senators,members of a party which, as Was well
said by a friend who preceded me, [Mr. Sauls-
bury,] is but a thing of yesterday, to sit here
in self-righteous judgment upon that party of
the country, and which is historic and i3 yet
to have a history as long as the American Union
shall endure. Who hath made them to judge ?
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, I did not
intend to do injustice to California. I had a
conversation the other day with a gentleman,
in whom I had the utmost confidence, on the
subject of a general bill to enforce the pro-
visions of the fourteenth amendment, and
among other things he urged as an argument
for the necessity of a bill of that character that
such and such States allowed gentlemen to hold
office who were obnoxious to its provisions;
and among others he said there were five or
six in California. I do not propose to give the
gentleman's name, yet I state that I have con-
fidence in what he said to me at the time. It
is not necessary to give his name here. He may
have been mistaken or he may not. I do not
know how that matter is ; but simply inpassing,
in referring to those States whose officers were
violating those provisions of the Constitution,
I alluded 10 that fact which he stated.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will my friend state
whether the gentleman is a Californian?
Mr. BOREMAN. He is not, but he is a
gentleman who takes great interest in this sub-
ject, and has made an effort at least to post
himself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. TRUMBULL
called for the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, the other day
I voted for an amendment which I understand
to be substantially the same as the amendment
now proposed by the Senator from Vermont;
the Senator from Vermont says literally the
same. Before giving that vote I stated that I
was exceedingly averse to voting forany amend-
ment to the bill reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary of this bedv, but that [ ivtib will-
ing to vote for the amendment in the form in
which it then stood, lest other amendments of
a character still more repugnant to my opinions
should be adopted by the Senate. To-day we
are in a different position from what we were
upon that occasion. The Senate bill is laid
aside ; the House bill, providing purely and
simply for the admission of Virginia, is now
before this body, and if any amendment be
placed upon that bill it must go back to the
House of Representatives to go through the
ordeal of opposition in all the forms which that
opposition may assume in that body. I am un-
willing to imperil the admission of Virginia in
the mode in which it would be imperiled if this
amendment should prevail. I am unwilling to
to have the excellent bill which has passed the
House of Representatives, the very bill which,
in my judgment, a wise statesmanship requires
should be passed by Congress, be in danger of
failure by again being sent back to that House.
I therefore am constrained to vote against every
amendment, no matter what it may be, to the
bill now pending before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, every Sen-
ator must justify himself, of course, to himself
for the votes that he gives ; but I cannot refrain
from expressing my surprise that a Senator
whom I honor so highly as I do ray friend from
Connecticut should, upon the reasons that he
gives, reverse his vote upon this important
amendment. It was equivalent to saying that,
because another branch of the legislative de-
partment of the Government will have occa-
sion to again consider this question so far as
this amendment affects it, he will, therefore,
in order to prevent that branch of the Govern-
ment from considering an amendment which
he himself thought not improper two days ago,
take the bill as it is, saying to the rebel and
traitorous violators of the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution who have been elected
to the Legislature of Virginia, who have been
elected to office under its State government,
who may be appointed to office under its State
government by the Governor and Senate the
moment this bill passes, " Come to our arms
clothed with a violation of the fourteenth
amendment: be a traitor as you may; be a
rebel as you may ; violate the Constitution of
your country; I at the same time will say amen
to it, because, forsooth, I do not choose to per-
mit the other branch of this legislative depart-
ment of the Government to have the question
recur again to them for consideration."
That is the substance of my friend's argu-
ment ; those are not his words, and I do not
mean any offense by putting it in that form ;
but that is the naked truth about it: that in
order to hurry this bill through, naked as it is,
my friend from Connecticut seems disposed to
be willing that the Legislature of Virginia and
its whole State government, for aught he cares,
may stand up in direct defiance of the solemn
constitutional provisions of the supreme law
of the land. That would be a singular spec-
tacle. Can it be said so soon after we have
adopted the fourteenth amendment that the
Republican party proposed it as a mere trifling
provision of public safety ; that it was a mere
delusion and a sham and a snare ; so much so
thai after having carried it, after having made
its adoption a fundamental condition ot the
admission of States, we are ready in our legis-
lative capacity to turn around and assist the
people of a rebellious State to set it at defiance
and violate it? Why, Mr. President, speaking
philosophically, I should say that a party that
was reduced to an extremity of disgrace equal
to that would deserve to be hooted out of the
country at the next election. I hope my friend
from Connecticut will reconsider what seems
to me to be his somewhat hasty conclusion to
reverse his vote, and stand with us to enforce
the articles of the Constitution that already
exist.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I cannot per-
mit the Senator from Vermont by an uuinten-
i tional misrepresentation of my actual position
to cause that position to be misunderstood.
In the very outset of my remarks the other day
I stated my preference for this bill, pure and
simple, as it is presented to us now. I said
that I voted for the amendment then for the
purpose of preventing a greater evil in the at-
taching of amendments of a worse character
to the bill as it stands before us. And what
was the argument which the Senator from Ver-
mont urged then and urges now in favor of this
amendment? In order to prevent persons dis-
qualified by the third section of the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution from
taking seats in the Legislature of Virginia he
would impose this amendment upon the bill for
the admission of Virginia. The evidence all is
that there is no member-elect to the Legislature
of Virginia who is disqualified by the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth article of amendments to
the Constitution of the United States. The
evidence before us, so far as there is any evi-
dence, so far as the report of General Canby
goes, as it is made to us and is before us, shows
that there is no such disqualified person occu-
pying a position in that Legislature. And the
Senator from Vermont the other day said that
even if there was no evidence of that fact, yet
for the purpose of excluding the very possibility
of a disqualified person taking a seat in that As-
sembly he would have this amendmentincoi'por-
ated in the bill for the admission of Virginia.
The Senator stands upon technicalities. -The
Senator would not prevent the admission of
Virginia, but he would clog that admission
with teasing, annoying amendments in such a
way as to show that we admit that State, after
all that she has done, unwillingly and grudg-
ingly. Now, sir, I am willing to receive Vir-
ginia back after the full and faithful perform-
ance of the conditions which we imposed upon
her, which she has done, with open arms', with
words of welcome, instead of with insult and
annoyance. I think it is wiser and better so to
do, wiser and better thus to lay the foundation
of doing away with the bitterness and heart-
burning which have so long prevailed and which,
it does seem to me, the policy that the Senator
would pursue tends to continue indefinitely in
the future.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think this amend-
ment is necessary; if I did, I should most cer-
tainly vote for it. There can be no harm, if
there is nothing lost by it, in taking the word
of Virginia that she means to do right. Vir-
ginia has adopted a constitution which is cer-
tainly republican in form, which certainly has
denounced secession, which certainly does
guaranty to all men equal rights'. She cer-
tainly has ratified the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments to the Constitution; she has done
all the public acts that any State in the Union
has done or can do in indorsing the principles
of reconstruction ; she is pledged in honor to
carry out the constitution which shehas adopted,
and I should like to take her at her word if I
am to lose nothing by it. If it puts it out of
our power to rectify any mistake, very well;
then let us adopt the amendment.
The amendment is predicated upon the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, which prohibits certain persons
from holding office, and empowers Congress
to legislate on the subject. That power is ex-
pressly granted to Congress. I had the honor
of introducing a bill on the subject, which has
been reported favorably from the Judiciary
Committee, and which is now on the table.
I am in favor of passing that bill at a very
early day, not only for Virginia, but for all the
States. My only objection to pntting on the
amendment here is that it seems to require
something, when in fact it does not require
anything that we cannot accomplish by gen-
eral law, which is always better, and at the same
time take Virginia at her word.
If it was out of our power to legislate im-
i mediately on this particular point, if we lost
| anything by letting it pass over now, I could
1 see the propriety of urging this amendment;
