1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3717
four or five hundred thousand dollars in estab-
lishing a mint at Carson City, to say now that
you will not put it into operation, that you
will not make an appropriation to coin the sil-
ver that is right there upon the ground and
put it into silver dollars and specie to circulate 1
in the country, would be preposterous. I think
this mint ought to be tried ; that we should try
to coin silver there, and see if we cannot coin
some silver and put it in circulation in the .
country. If silver is at a discount as much as
gold is, it is about equivalent to greenbacks
now, and there is no reeson why silver should
not be put in circulation in the country. I am
in favor of coining silver at that mint until we
can coin enough silver to put it in circulation i
throughout the country instead of the shin-
rlasters we now have.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. War-
NERinthechair.) The question is on the motion '
of the Senator from New Hampshire to strike '
out the clause in relation to the branch mint at
Carson City.
Mr. THURMAN. I think we might as well ,
havetheyeasandnaysonthisquestion. Ishould ,
like to see what the evidences are of retrench- j
ment in the Senate. '
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Hamilton
of Maryland, Johnston, McCreery, Patterson,
Sherman, Stockton, Thurman, and Victors—11.
NAYS—Messrs, Anthony, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Cragin,
Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Ptamsey, Koss, Scott, Spraguc, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Warner, Williams, and
Yates—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreman. Car-
penter, Cattell, Conkling, Fenton, Fowler, Harris,
Howell, Kellogg, Lewis. McDonald, Morton, Nor-
ton, Poel, Pratt, Revels, Bice, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer, Trumbull, Willcy, and
Wilson—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MOR.RILL, of Maine. I desire to move
an amendment to correct the text of the bill,
which has been made necessary by an amend-
ment already adopted on page 21, line four
hundred and eighty-seven of the old bill, in the
clause making appropriations for the office of
the Register of the Treasury. There was an
amendment adopted striking out "assistant
register, $2,000." I move, therefore, to amend
thatclause in line four hundred and eighty-seven
by striking out "six" and inserting "four;"
so as to make the appropriation $84,100.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. A long time ago I proposed
nn amendment to this bill, which I suppose
Senators have nearly all forgotten. It is in line
twelve hundred and eighty-eight, page 53 of
the new print, to change the word "two" to
"three," and to change the word "one" to
"two;" so that the clause will read:
For chief of Bureau of Navigation, chief clerk, one
clerk of class three, one clerk of class two, ono mes-
senger, and one laborer, &c.
The proposed amendment was passed over
informally, in order that my friend, the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, [Mr. Sher-
man,] might look up the law on the subject,
and ascertain whether or not this change was
authorized by the law. He did so, and he
found that this was not in contravention of the
existing law, and that these clerkships were
authorized, and I suppose, therefore, there
will now be no objection to the amendment
proposed at that time.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the committee 
Mr. COLE. Does the inquiry relate to this
amendment of mine?
Mr. THURMAN. No; I understood the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. If it is, very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves to strike out in line
twelve hundred and eighty-eight the word
"two" and insert "three," and in the same
line to strike out " one" and insert " two."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I cannot find
that on my bill.
Mr. COLE. If the chairman has the old j
bill it is on page 51, line twelve hundred
and forty-three, and in the new print, page
53, line twelve hundred and eighty-eight.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from !
California.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to know the
effect of it.
Mr. COLE. I will tell the Senator the effect
of it if he desires. It is to put this bureau on
an equality and par with the others; and I
will state further that this proposed amend-
ment is in accordance-with the provisions of i
law authorizing the appointment of clerkships
of those grades.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish now to inquire of
the chairman of the committee in regard to an
entire head contained in this bill, that of'pub-
lic printing," beginning on page 9, and I wish to
ask the attention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads to what
I am about to say. I find that the aggregate
of the appropriations contained under this '
head is $1,501,014, and that connected with j
the same matter there is in the contingent
expenses of the House the sum of $25,000
for folding documents, including materials,
and for the same matter in the Senate $10,000.
We were told that if the franking privilege
should be abolished, the chief saving would i
be, or at least a very great saving, in the de-
crease of the amount of public printing—that ;
not nearly so many documents would bo printed.
We were told that there would be a very great'
saving in that respect, because if members had
not the privilege of franking documents they !
would not be printed.
Now, what I want to ask the chairman of
the committee is, how do these appropriations ;
compare with the appropriations for the cur-
rent year? Has there been any cutting down
of the appropriations on account of the antici-
pated abolition of the franking privilege ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very largely.
The chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations of the House has suggested that there
should be a very large increase of this appro-
priation for folding documents, &c. , upon the
supposition that by possibility the bill abolish-
ing the franking privilege might notget through
the Senate; but I will suggest to my honorable
friend, as there is no question before the Sen-
ate at the present moment, perhaps he will
allow us to go on with the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. Can the Senator tell us
how much was appropriated for the current
year ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My recollection
is that the appropriation for this item Inst year
was $50,000. It is now $25,000.
Mr. THURMAN. How much for the public
printing?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I cannot tell
as to that. The chairman of the Committee
on Printing probably can inform the Senator
on that subject.
Mr. CAMERON. If the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations has got through
with his private talk with the Senator from
Ohio, I have the honor of addressing you, Mr.
President. I propose to move an amendment
I on page 46, line eleven hundred and twenty-
! seven, by striking out "two" and inserting
; "five," so as to make the clause read, "for
incidental and miscellaneous items, $5,000."
The Commissioner of Agriculture Bays it is
impossible to get along with so small a sum
1 as $2,000.
i The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I did not under-
stand it.
Mr. CAMERON. It is for incidental and
miscellaneous items of the Agricultural De-
partment. It includes getting the seeds, put-
ting them up, and all that sort of thing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let the Clerk
report the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is to strike out "two" and insert "five,"
so as to make the clause read " for incidental
and miscellaneous items, $5,000."
Mr. COLE. That clause is an amendment
which has been already adopted by the Senate,
and therefore it can only be changed when the
bill is reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatclause
has been agreed to by the Senate as an amend-
ment, and the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania is not strictly in order. The
Chair will entertain it if there be no objec-
tion ; but if the point of order is raised by the
Senatorfrom California the Chair will decideit.
Mr. CAMERON. Notice was given to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
that this amendment would be offered.
Mr. COLE. My point is not that notice was
not given of the amendment by the Senator
but that this clause is itself an amendment and
cannot be changed until the bill i3 reported to
the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I have another amend-
ment to offer. It is in line eleven hundred and
ten to strike out " $500," and insert" $1,000."
: Theclause nowreads, " for cases for the library
$500." It will require $1,000 to get the proper
c&s6s*
•Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hardly think
that is in order. Has the Senator given any
notice of the amendment?
Mr. CAMERON. I believe I had the honor
of stating some time ago to the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations that I had
various amendments to offer from the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, and I think he replied,
"Very well; present them, and I will adopt
them," or something like that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I know how very
willing I should be to oblige the Senator——
Mr. CAMERON. It was something like
that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Bat the Senator
is aware that we go by rules here. If the Sen-
ator has given proper notice of it, of course he
has complied with the written rules of the
Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I understand from a mem-
ber of the Agricultural Committee that the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates] gave notice
in his place some ten or twelve days ago that
these amendments would be offered. They
i' were acted on by the committee, and they camc
from the committee in my absence ; I was
away some days. I think the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations will find that
they are all right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
make objection ?
Mr. CAMERON. It is only $500.
| Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I must make the
point unless there has been the notice. I
have here a list of amendments proposed by
the Committee on Agriculture. Let me see.
1 One is, after line ten hundred and sixty-ono
to insert the following :
For paper, twine, gum, &c., for folding-room, ?oOO.
Mr. CAMERON. That I shall offer next.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Another is in
I line one thousand and ninety-six, to strike out
i "$500" and insert " $1,000."
1 Mr. CAMERON. That is the motion here,
j Mr. MORliILL, of Maine. Then I have had
! notice.   
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
j Pennsylvania.
I The amendment was agreed to.
