518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
hut general legislation is always preferable to
special legislation. We have the power to
pass the law at once; it is oar duty to do it.
I understand that all are in favor of enforcing
this fourteenth amendment so long as it is a
part of the Constitution of the United States ;
nobody objects to it. But it seems to me it
would be a gracious thing, a thing that would
place us in a much stronger position, to re-
ceive Virginia, .as the House has received her,
at her word, and if she violates it we will then
find in the Constitution ample authority to
legislate. We have in the Constitution an
amendment abolishing slavery; we have in
the Constitution a declaration that no State
•shall deny to any person the equal protection
of the-laws; and we shall have in th  Consti-
tution in less than leu days a provision that no
person shall be denied the right to vote on
account of race or color.
The Senator frojp Nebraska [Mr. Thayer]
shakes his head. I will ask him to do a little
figuring on this subject. I can count the States
that will not adopt the amendment. They are
California,Oregon, Kentucky, Maryland. Dela-
ware, New Jersey, and Tennessee. We know
enough to know that they will not adopt this
amendment probably, except, I believe, Ore-
gon, where the stri^gle is yet to come off.
Twenty-eight States are necessary to ratify it.
We can dispense with two more. Where are
tlie opponents of the amendment to get three
more States ? The States that have not ratified
are, first, Rhode Island. It has been made the
special order there for to-morrow, and will be
passed this week. Then Iowa. It either passed
there the. latter part of last week or will be
passed early this week. Both branches of the
Legislature are entirely in favor of it It is a
mere matter of form there. Mississippi lias
ratified it. Texas is next. The Legislature
there is in session, and will ratify it as a matter
of course. Georgia, whatever may be the re-
sult of the organization of that Legislature 
Mr. EDMUNDS. She ratified it last winter.
Mr. STEWART. No; but her Legislature
is now in session.
Mr. EDMUNDS.. She ratified the four-
teenth amendment then.
Mr. STEWART. Leaving out New York,
saying that she could withdraw her ratification,
that leaves us only one to go ; and if Ohio goes
all right we can dispense with the immediate
action of Nebraska; but if Ohio goes wrong
we want the immediate action of Nebraska.
There it stands. If Ohio goes wrong, we call
on Nebraska to fill the breach, and that will
make the number, leaving New York out.
We will not have any question as to the with-
drawal of a ratification. Let Virginia in ; do
not spoil this State; and we shall have the fif-
teenth amendment adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me ask my friend a
question. Does he think Virginia will refuse
to come in under this amendment?
Mr. STEWART. Not at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then what has that to do
with the question ?
Mr. STEWART. I am simply saying that
we are assured that this is a part of the Consti-
tution, and so we have power to legislate. We
already have power to legislate to keep those
disqualified under the fourteenth amendment
out of office. We have, or will have power to
legislate to see that all men have the ballot.
We have power to legislate to see that all men
areprotected in theirequal rights under the first
section of the fourteenth amendment. Now, I
should like to know, with all these amendments
and these several well-defined, distinct powers
that we have been laboring for five years to
put into the Constitution of the United States,
where is the necessity for putting this provision
in this bill? If we were going to get any guar-
antee that we have not already got by our recon-
struction laws I would not object to it. We
have required Virginia to comply with all of
them. She gives her consent. They are in the
Constitution now. You have got the power to
legislate at any time not only for Virginia, but
for all these States. Why reenact the Consti-
tution of the United States half a dozen times
— admitting Virginia, and thereby give a vote
of want of confidence in what they have said?
They may deceive us ; I am not going to say
that Virginia will not deceive us. They have
thus far done all that we required.^ We are
pledged by our whole course of legislation to
admit them. The President of -the United
States has sent us a message declaring that they
have complied with every requirement, and,
though Senators may technically try to get out
of it, we stand before the country pledged to
allow Virginia to come in upon the conditions
embodied in the reconstruction acts, which the
President says have been complied with, and
no Senator has been able to show that they
have not been complied with.
Every condition imposed now, although it
might be comparatively harmless, looks like a
vote of want of confidence in those people.
Why vote it in advance? If there is any
treachery in this matter I want the people of
Virginia to be treacherous, and not Congress ;
because if they do lay violent hands on the
work of reconstruction I want to say " My
hands are clean, and I will hold you to the letter
of the bond." We will find the way. We
may have difficulty in other places besides Vir-
ginia. We may be called upon to administer
a rebuke to other States besides Virginia for
violating the Constitution of the United States,
which has been molded and fixed to suit the
circumstances and necessities of the case. _ I
do not want by patching up the Constitution
to-day to admit that it is not equal to the con-
dition and the requirements of the country. I
do not want to admit that we have not placed in
that instrument the necessary guarantees that
enable us to hold the reconstruction that we
have acquired. This remark has reference
more especially to the fundamental conditions
which have been proposed. I do not claim
that this amendment is an attempt of that kind,
but it is special legislation which effects no
great object, certainly effects nothing that
cannot be effected by a general bill. I should
prefer to adopt the House bill as it stands. It
seems to me that that is the statesmanlike way
of disposing of this question. When that is
adopted we may take up the general bill that is
now on the table and adopt it, and adopt any
other general legislation that may be necessary
to carry into effect the various provisions of the
Constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to add to the
speech of my friend from Nevada a few words
in the same strain that I received this morning
from Portsmouth, Virginia, from a person who
purports to be an ex-rebel, and I think he is:
"Mr. Edmunds:
" Sir : Are you aware that your bill for the admis-
sion of Virginia."—
He has not been in the Union long enough
to find out the difference between a bill and an
amendment yet—
"is disfranchising most of tho honest men in the
State ? You have been made the dupe of a miserable
class of rogues, such as"—
Divers persons, naming them—
" who havestolen from the Federal and State govern-
ments thousands, in the past year. Be a man for once,
and be liberal and withdraw your disfranchising bill;
for I tell you that no honest man will take that oath.
If he does he will lie. Ask Uenerals Stoneman and
Schofield who arc the honest men of Virginia, and
they will toll you that the men who fought the bat-
tles during the war arc the honest men. Ask the
northern men now settling in Virginia, and. they will
tell you that the strongest rebels during the war aro
the most liberal and thofirst to take thein by thehand.
Ask who are the most dishonest, and they will tell
you that thecarpet-baggers are. They are even worse
than tho negroes. Then, sir.be a man ; be a Chris-
tian; be a liberal man; be honest; withdraw your
bill, and let the old State come back without any
oath, and with all disabilities removed, for no gen-
tleman in Virginia can or will take that oath."
Mr. CONKLING. Who signs that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot give my friend
the information. He does not sign any name.
I add that to the argument of my frifed from
Nevada as a part of his speech.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask tlie
S6The> VICE' PRESIDENT.. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont yield to the Senator from
Nevada?
Mr. EDMUNDS; I do not.
Mr. STEWART. You are afraid to.
Mr. EDMUNDS: Certainly I am afraid to.
I am always afraid to yield. Now, I will read
a little further from a Virginian on this sub-
ject of the Virginia constitution as' it now
stands and what faith is intended to be put
in it: - • '
"Now that the election is ordered we are con-
fronted with facts. Kegret is useless. What is best
for us to do? 3?irst, to vote against those clauses to
be separately Submitted."
One of these clauses, you, will remember,
covered this very fourteenth amendment.
" Then, my conviction is that tho balance of the
constitution, bad as it is"— ,
Mark the words—
"ought to be adopted. This for several reasons.
It is more important than ever under the circum-
stances upon us that you should control the State
fovernment. If the constitution expurgated shall
e adopted, and you have elected your State ticket
and your Legislature, you may proceed at once to
propose such amendments to the constitution as wul
clear it of all its dangerous characteristics. The
county organization never need be enforced. It I
am elected with a Legislature not Radical it never
will be put in operation^"
Mr. SUMNER. Who says that?"
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Governor of Vir-
ginia, Mr. Walker, says that.
Mr. SUMNER. Traitor!
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, then, Mr. Presi-
dent, in the face of this species of light which
we have before us of what is intended to be the
action by the Legislature and Governor of Vir-
ginia to merely adopt this constitution,^ "as
bad as it is," because it protects equal rights,
for the sole purpose of turning it upside down
the moment they can lay their hands upon it,
ia it not reasonable to ask that.the men who
are to lay their hands upon it shall swear that
they are not already condemned traitors under
the Constitution of the United States? That
is the question, and I leave it to the Senate to
decide it.
Mr. THAYER addressed the Senate in oppo-
sition to.the bill, but "without concluding gave
way to
Sir. RAMSEY. With the. consent of.the
Senator from Nebraska, I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Had we not better go
into executive session? There is some execu-
tive business that ought to be. attended to.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us adjourn if we are
not going on with the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Minnesota yield to a motion to allow
the consideration of executive business?
Mr. RAMSEY. I will change my motion,
and move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business. -
[Mr. Thayer's speech will bepublished, after
he shall have concluded, in the Appendix.]
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 17, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States^ and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
