5606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrfcOBE.
July 14,
I believe, had it referred to the Reconstruc-
tion Committee. In my judgment, it was not
a proper subject for that committee to deal
with. I so stated at the time, but was over-
ruled.
I have only one word more to say. It further
appears that there are suits pending in the Fed-
eral courts in South Carolina to test the right
and validity of these tax sales. I have been
informed that judgments of the courts have
been rendered, and the only effect of this act
will be to annul those judgments. It is not
only hasty, but in my judgment unjust and
unwise legislation. I therefore hope it will be
referred to the Judiciary Committee and fully
investigated before any law is passed upon the
subject.
message from tiie senate.
A message was received from the Senate of
llie .United States, by Mr. Gorham, its Secre-
tary, notifying the House that that body had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. It. No. 1533) making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1871.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a concurrent resolution for the appoint-
ment of a joint committee of three members
of the Senate and five members of the House
to attend to the place of interment the remains
of Hon. Daniel S. Norton, late a member of
the Senate from Minnesota, who died at his
residence in this city on the night of the 13th
instant about twelve o'clock, and had appointed
Mr. Ramsey, Mr. Thur'man, and Mr. Stock-
tox as such committee on its part.
I.ATK SENATOR NORTON.
The SPEAKEIi. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will please suspend hisrenarks until the
Chair lays before the House the following res-
olution received from the Senate.
The Clerk read as follows :
In the Senate or the United Status,
July 14,1870.
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Kepresenta-
iivus coucuirins.) That a joint committee be ap-
pointed, consisting of throo members of the Senate
and five members of the House, to attend to the
pUieo of interment the remains of Hon. Danikl S.
Norton, Jatc a member of 1 ho Senate from the Stato
of Minnesota, who died at his residence in this city
on the night of the 13th mstant about the hour of
twelve o'clock.
Ordered, ThatMr.Bjmset,Mr.Tiiueman, andMr.
Stockton be the committee on tho part of the
Senate.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to concur in this resolution.
The resolution was unanimously agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced as the commit-
tee on the part of the House Mr. Wilkinson,
Mr. Wilson of Minnesota, Mr. Eldiiidgk,
Mr. Cullom, and Mr. Archer.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I pre-
sent the following report from the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the naval appropriation bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of 'he two House* on the amendments to tho
bill (IK 11. Xo. 1533) making appropriations for the
naval scrvice for the year ending Juno 30,1871, hav-
ing met, after fall and free eonlerence have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend to theirrespeetive
Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered -4. 25, 30, 31, 35, 71, and 83.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 1, 2, 3, 4, 9,
17, J8, 10,20, 29, 44, 45, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66, and 85,
and agree to tho same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same.
'ihat the House recede from their disagreement to
ihe sixth amendment of the Senate,and agree to the
same with the following amendment: in line two of
said amendment strike out all after tho word " dol-
lars" down to and including the word " dollars' m
line three; and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from iheir disagreement to
the seventh amendment of tho Senate, and agree to
the i-auso with the following amendments: m lieu
of the word inserted by said amendment insert the
word "fourteen and on pas© 4, lino sixteen oi the
bill, strike out the word " nine" and insert in lieu
the word "seven;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighth amendment of thp Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendment: strikeout
all after tho word "dollars," in line two of said
amendment, to the end of said amendment; and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho tenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same withthefollowingamendments: in lieu of the
word inserted by said amendment insert the word
"fourteen;" and on page4, line twenty-six of the
bill, strike out the word " three" and insert the word
"one;" and the Senate agree to tho same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eleventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendment: strikeout
of said amendment all after the word "dollars," in
line two,down to and including the word "dollars"
in line three; and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twelfth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
tho same with the following amendments: in lieu
of the word inserted by said amendment insert tho
word "thirteen and on page 5, line six of the bill,
strike out the word "four" and insert tho word
"two;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: strike
out all after the word "dollars," in line two of said
amendment, down to and including the word "dol-
lars" in lino three; and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fourteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendments: in lieu
of tho word inserted by said amendment insert the
word " twelve;" and on page 5, line fourteen of tho
bill, strike out the word "nine" and insert in lieu
the word "seven;" and the Senate agree to tbesame.
That tho House recede from theirdisagreement to
tho fifteenth amendment of tho Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendment: in line two
of said amendmentstrikeoutail after the word "dol-
lars" down to andincludiug "dollars" in line three;
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House rccede from their disagreement to
the sixteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendments: in lieu of
the word proposed to be inserted by said amend-
ment insert the word " twelve;" and m line twcnt>-
two, page 5 of tho bill, strike out the word "nine"
and insert in lieu tho word "seven;" and tho Senate
agree to the same.
That the House rccede fiom their disagreement to
tho twenty-first amendment ofthe Senate, andagree
to tho same with the following amendment: striko
out all after tho word "dollars," m line two of said
amendment,down to and including tho word "dol-
lars" in line four; and the Senate agree to tho same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-second amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
in lieu of the words proposed to bo inserted by said
amendment insert the following words: "thirteen
thousand eight;" and tho Senate agree to tho same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho twenty-seventh amendment ofthe Senate, and
agreo to the same with tho following amendment:
in lieu of tho words proposed to be inserted b.v said
amondmcnt insert tho words "seventy-five;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That tho Senate agree to tho amendment of tho
House to tho twenty-eighth amendment of the
Senate.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-second amendmont of the Senate, and
agreo to the same with the following amendment:
in lieu of the words proposed to be inserted by said
amendment insert tho words "two million; " and tho
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the first clause of tho thirfy-third amendment of
the Senate; and that tho House recede from their
amendment to tho second clause of said amend-
ment, and agreo to said clause with the following
amendments: at the end of said amondmont add tho
following, or so much thereof as may be neccssnry:
"Provided, That before paying the claim of the Cor-
liss Steam-Engine Company, tho Secretary of the
Navy shall eau«?o a. reexamination of said claim to
be made bythclawofficersof the Navy Department,
and t\v6 competent engineers to be detailed for that
purpose, who shall deduct from the contract price
with said Steam-Engine Company whatever sum it
would have cost said company to have completed
their said contract;" and thu Senate agree to the
same.
That tho House recede from their amendment to
the thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the fifty-eighth amendment ofthe Senate, andagree
to the same.
That the House recede from tbeir disagreement to
the sixty-eighth amendmont of the Senate,and agree
to the same with the following amendments:
On page 10 of the amendments, lines live and six,
strike out tho words "three hundred and thirty-
three;" and in lines seven and eight, strikeout " five
hundred;" and in lines eight and nine stiike out
"fivo hundred:" and in line ten strike out" six hun-
dred;" and in line eleven strike out "three bun-
died;" and in line thirteen strike out the woids
iiv«j hundred ," and in lino 1'oui icon d t'ikc out tho
words "two hundred;" and m line fifteen stiike out
"two hundred;" and in Jinesixteen strike out the
word "eight" and insert "five;",and in line seven-
teen strikeout the word *'eigbt"a.nd insert thoword
"five;" and in lino nineteen strike out "seven " and
insort "five;" and in line twenty-three strike out.
"six" and insert" eightand in lino twenty-four
strikeout "two," whore it occurs the second time,
and insert "four;" and in line twenty-five strike out
"one" and insert " two*;" and in thesanieiiue strike
out the words " eight hundred;" and in line twenty -
eight strike out "five " and insert "six;" and m line
twenty-nine, after "thousand" insert" two hun-
dred," . . •
And on page 11 of said amendment sixty-eight,
lino two, strike out tho word "two," where it occurs
the second time, and insert " four;" and in line three
strike out "one," insert " two;" and in same line
strike out " eight hundredand in line four Ptriko
out "four," insert "six;" and in line six strike out
"four," insert " six;" and at tho end of line six add
tho words "twohundred;" and in line seven strike
out "six," insert " eight;"- and in lino ten strike out
"six," insert " eight;" and in line eleven stiike out
"four," insert "five;" and in line twelve, where it
occurs tho second time, stnko out "one," insert
" two;" and in line thirteen strikeout " one," insert
"two;" and in lines thirteen and fourteen strike
out the words "eight hundred;" and in line fourteen
strike out "six," insert "seven;" and in line fifteen
strike out " two," insert "four;" anefcm page 15,lino
nine, after the word "dollars" insort "secretary of
tho Naval Academj's $1,800;" and on page 15. line
nineteen, strike out" Portsmouth, New Hampshire,"
insert" Kittoryand the Senate agree to tho same.
That the Rouso recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered seventy,
and agree to the same with an amendment as fol-
lows :
Strike out all after the word "seventy" in line
twenty-nine, page 10 of the amendments, down to
and including the word " passed," in line nine, pago
17of the amendments, and insert in lieu the follow-
ing; "The pay of all officers of the Navy now on or
hereafter placed on tho retired list shall, when not on
active duty, bo equal to one half of the highest pay
prescribed by this act for officers on the active list
whose grade corresponds to the grade held by such
retired officers respectively, at tho time of such re-
tirement ; and no officer heretofore or hereafter pro-
moted upon the retired list shall in consequence of
such promotion be entitled to any increase of pay;"
and the Senate agreo to the same.
That the Senate agree to tho amendment of the
House to the seventy-third amendmentof the Senate.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho eighty-second amendment of the Senate, nud
agree to the same with the following amendment :
strike out all after the word "aod" in lino ihroo of
said amendment down to and including the word
"such" in lino four; and after the word "retired."
where it first occurs in said line four, insert the fol-
lowing words : "from said offico;" and tho Senate
agreo to the same.
L. M. MOBRILL,
C. D. DJRAKH,
JOHN 1>. STOCKTON,
Managers on th e part of the Senate.
C. C. WASHBURN,
G. W. SCOFIELD.
W. E. NIBLACK,
Managers on the %>art of ihe Haute,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I yield
to the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague on the com-
mittee has yielded to rae to bring a matter be-
fore the House which requires its immediate
attention. The conference on the Indian ap-
propriation bill, after the appointment of two
conference committees, and after ten orlwelvo
very laborious sessions, have found themselves
utterly unable to agree. The two Houses
have deliberately, and I have no doubt con-
scientiously, taken positions which their rep
resentatives upon that committee on either
have failed to reconcile. The question now
comes before Congress, whether we shall
adjourn without making any provision for pre-
serving the peace among the Indians, and
thereby do on§ of two things: render it abso-
lutely necessary for us to be called back by
proclamation to endeavor to do what we have
failed to do thus far, or take the responsibility
before the country of an Indian war.
In that view, Mr. Speaker, without asking
the House to listen again to the arguments
which have been presented here why the House
should adhere to the position which the Com-
mittee on Appropriations believe to be the only
true policy that can be hereafter maintained
in this matter, I report, under instructions from
the Committee on Appropriations, another bill
which 1 have reason to believe would have ihe
effect of preserving the peace anion*,' the In-
dians, pacing such annuities as we were obli-
