1830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
his remarks then made he stated it as a fact in
the politics of the day that the Democraticparty
was opposed to the banks. He proceeded in the
course of his accusations against the banks to
furnish abundance of reasons why not only the
Democratic party should be opposed to them,
but why the party of which he is so honored a
member should also be opposed to them. After
hearing the Senator the wonder is that he and
his party are not opposed to them also.
All these things considered, I was not pre-
pared for the opposition made to section eight
on behalf of the banks. I take the words with
which the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
sat down. If there is any objection to this
Bection it is that it is far too liberal toward the
banks. It is too indulgent altogether, and the
difficulty will be to support before the country
this feature of the bill should the bill become
a law. The banks I supposed would be more
than satisfied with it.
I listened to the Senator from New York
[Mr. Conkung] who spoke in reply to the Sen-
ator from Ohio. I listened particularly to so
much of what he said as stated a legal ob-
jection to this section. A legal objection is
one to which I always listen with attention and
deference when it is presented by a Senator so
well qualified to present it as is the Senator
from New York. He took the ground that
there was a legal objection arising out of " the
contract," as he says, between the Govern-
ment and these banks created by the banking
act. That is a preliminary objection. It is
therefore to be first cleared out of the way, if
I am able to do so. In the debate here on the
currency bill I had occasion to offer a prop-
osition the effect of which was that the bonds
held as a security and a basis of the national
banking system should cease to bear interest
while they were so held. This was on the plain
ground that this was no more than the banks
should pay for the great franchise granted to
them by the United States, the richest ever
known in legitimate banking. My proposition
was voted down so summarily by the Senate as
to leave it not worth while for me, even with
my strong convictions, to push the matter fur-
ther. I then adverted to a feature of the na-
tional banking law which contemplated and
permitted such legislation as I urged. That
feature is found in the last section of the bank-
ing act. I read it as follows:
" And be it further enacted, That Congress reserves
the right at any time to amend, alter, or repeal this
act."
Taking the manifest view of that language,
what was its object, what was its intent? The
Senate will observe how strong it is. It applies
to and it embraces every possible exercise
of legislative power over the subject-matter of
the act. Congress reserves the right not only
to repeal the act but to amend it or alter it.
It may amend or it may alter it in any par-
ticular or any hqmbet of particulars. The
Senator thought H did not furnish any warrant
for the power now claimed. Why not? If
there was in the law "a contract" between
the Government and the banks, as is said, that
was one clear reason why Congress should,, in
the act of creating a banking system, reseirve
to itself full control over it, and over the whole
subject-qjatter for all time to come. There
were plain reasons why Congress might be
unwilling to place beyond its full control this
great banking system and the powerful corpor-
ations which were to compose it and which
were of necessity to be united and banded
together by the strongest of all possible ties,
a common origin, a common interest, common
likes and dislikes. Congress did not intend
that this great body of banks should be able
to place themselves beyond the reach of Con-
gress. In furtherance of that wise and neces-
sary policy Congress provided expressly for a
continuing control of the subject, of the sys-
tem, of the banks, of their functions, of their
rights, of their privileges. Has the section any
other meaning? Can any other be pointed out?
We have had in our constitution in Califor-
nia, fortunately for ourselves, a provision pre-
cisely the same as this in effect, and but slightly
different from it in language. It is the thirty-
first section of the fourth article of the consti-
tution of that State. It reads:
"Corporations may be formed under general law,
but shall not be created by special act except for
municipal purposes. AH general laws and special
acts passed pursuant to this section may be altered
from time to time or repealed."
Now, sir, necessarily in that growing and
active State of ours, where corporations are
so numerous in proportion to the population,
that provision of the constitution has been
frequently a subject of consideration. It has
always been understood by the profession there
that the effect of it was to leave in the Legisla-
ture complete and perfect power over the whole
subject; in other words, to leave the Legisla-
ture of that State, as I contend the national
banking act leaves Congress, in a situation to
treat any matter subsequently arising in the
regulation of these corporations as though it
was a new question, to be dealt with without
being trammeled up in any way by the provis-
ions of any act as passed. That was our under-
standing. That is and must be, I respectfully
submit, the construction of the provision now
before us in the national banking act. If that
was not the intent and purpose, and if that is
not now the construction of that provision, why
was it put there?
Whom the gods would destroy, it is said,
they first make mad. If I could suppose that
the national banks of this country as a body
were prepared to try conclusions with the
Congress of the United States, and still more
witlv the people of the United States, upon the
issue which has been presented here to-day, I
should rejoice, because to that contest there
can be but one result. Feeling as I do concern-
ing this national system, and the evils and dan-
gers with which it afflicts the country, and which
are not likely to be mitigated in the future, but
rather to be aggravated, I should hail it as a
great deliverance if I could see the country
relieved from the whole system with as little
embarrassment as possible to existing busi-
ness and financial relations. As a mere party
question—if I may allude to this or any other
subject in that narrow view—gentlemen who
with me make up the Opposition in this Cham-
ber will not regret to find the Administration
party of the country siding with the national
banks on this issue. I have some difficulty in
comprehending the want of judgment which im-
pels the national banks of this country to array
themselves against a provision—if they do
array themselves against it—to which, as was
said by the gentleman who presented it, its
only objection is its extreme moderation.
I said that my chief object in rising was to
bring to the notice of the Senate an apt histor-
ical illustration drawn from the dealings of the
British Government with the Bank of England
in respect to so much of the circulation of that
bank as is based on the interest-bearing securi-
ties of the Government held by the bank. I
send to the desk the Encyclopedia Britannica
and ask the Secretary to read the passage
marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Exclusive of her functions as public banker and
manager of the publio debt the Bank of England is
connected with Government through the circulation.
We have seen that she is entitled to issue upward of
fourteen million sounds sterling upon securities; that
is, on the credit of the funds she has lent to Govern-
ment. But for these she receives about three per
cent, interest; and such being the case, the public is
clearly entitled to a portion, if not to the whole
amount of the profits realized by the bank on the
issue of these £14,000.000. It is difficult to say how
much this may amount to. The issue department of
the bank seldom reissues notes, butfor the most part
destroys them as soon as they are returned to it.
This practice is said to be necessary to enable the
bank to obviate fraud by keeping a proper aocount
of the numbers of the notes afloat. An opinion is, how-
ever, pretty generally entertained that this might
be effected by a less expensive process than that
which is now resorted to. And certainly it seems to
be a vory wasteful proceeding that a quantity of
newly manufactured notes issued by the bank in the
forenoon and returned to her in the afternoon should
not be reissued, but consigned to the flames. The
Scotch banks are justly censurable for keeping then
notes too long afloat; but this is running, with a
vengeance, into the opposite extreme.
"But, as it is, tho cost of maintaining an issue of
£14,000,000 is estimated by the bank at about ono
hundred and thirteen thousand pounds a year; and
taking the gross profits of the issue at three per
cent., or £420,000, the net profits may be estimated
at £307,000 a year; and of this sum the bank pays to
Government £180,000, namely, £60,000 in lieu of tha
old charge for stamp duty, abolished in 1844. and a
further sum of £120,000, leaving the bank £127,000 for
her share of the profits. And so long as the cost of
the issues remains at about its present amount, wo
do not know that there is much to object to in this
arrangement. Probably, however, were the allow-
ance to Government further increased by some fifty
or sixty thousand pounds the bank might find means,
without injury to the public, of reissuing her notes,
or of otherwise reducing the cost of their circu-
lation."
Mr. CASSERLY. The passage read is from
as high an authority as any we have on the
subject of which it treats. It is from the well-
known article on "Money" in the Encyclope-
dia Britannica, by the celebrated Scotch writer
on finance, Mr. McCulloch.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would ask my friend if
there is any allusion there to the controversy
which the Bank of England endeavored to
make with Parliament in relation to the reduc-
tion of the interest on the public debt?
Mr. CASSERLY. That is, I think, in a pre-
ceding part of the article.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will merely state, then,
that in 1749 the people of England undertook
to reduce the interest on the debt in the pre-
cise mode we are about to reduce ours. The
Bank of England undertook to set up oppo-
sition, being a great holder of the public funds;
and in two years the power of public opinion
was so great against the bank on account of
it that they were compelled to yield, and did
yield. That is a historical fact in the financial
history of Great Britain.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senate perceives,
I think, how complete the analogy is between
the two cases in Great Britain and in the Uni-
ted States. Mr. McCulloch, on his great au-
thority, says, in view of the fact that the Bank
of England was allowed to issue notes to the
extent of £14,000,000 upon that amount of
securities of the Government held by her, upon
which the Government was paying her three
per cent, per annum, that as a matter of clear
right the people were entitled to the whole of
the profits made by the bank out of that por-
tion of her circulation.
Of course that will have to be taken in con-
nection with the fact that the bank had other
circulation outstanding out of which also it
made profit. But he lays it down as a funda-
mental principle of right and justice that the
public were entitled to the whole of the profits
which the bank made on the basis of the public
securities. As a m-tter of fact what do we find?
We find that the Bank of England for years has
been paying to the Government three fifths of
the entire net profits made by it in banking
upon that class of securities. It has been pay-
ing yearly £180,000 out of £300,000 net profits.
Mr. McCulloch declares that if the bank were
a little more economical in respect, forinstance,
of the issuing of notes, and were to keep them
for a reasonable period in circulation, instead
of destroying a note the very moment it was
brought back, although it might have been
issued only the same morning, she could well
afford to pay the Government fifty or sixty
thousand pounds more out of the profits. This
would raise the share of profits which, in his
judgment, the bank could well afford by proper
management to pay to the Government, and
ought to pay, up to four fifths of the whole
profits made by that institution out of the circ i-
lation based on the three per cent, securities.
We see nowwhattheParliamentof England,
fenced about as it is by rank aod power and
dignity and privilege from the common peo-
ple, removed, as we think it. from sympathy
with the people, with the popular wants and
grievances, has felt itself called upon from
