4662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine moves that the correct name be
substituted for the other wherever it occurs
in the bill. Unless objection be made that
amendment will be considered as agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 23, lines five hun-
dred and forty-seven, five hundred and forty-
eight, five hundred and forty-nine, and five
hundred and fifty, to strike out the following
proviso to the appropriation for contingencies
of the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
Provided, That in thepayment of funeral espouses
no distinction shall be made between the officers of
the line and staff in the disbursement of the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the Naval Academy, after line five
hundred and ninety-two, to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
For pay of watchmcn and others, 126,506 25.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
For pay of one captain of the watch, $912 50.
Four watchmen, at $2 25 per day each.
Foreman at the gas and steam-heating works, at
four dollars per day; ten attendants at the gas and
steam-heating works at Academy and school-ships,
one at $3 25 per day, three at three dollars per day
each, and six at $2 50 per day each; three joiners,
two painters, and two masons, at $3 50 per day each ;
tinner, gas-fitter, and blacksmith, at three dollars
per day each, making in all $27,831 25.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the Naval Academy, to strike out in
lines six hundred and nine and six hundred
an^ ten the following item:
For pay of mechanics and others, $16,631 25.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For pay of one mechanic at workshop, at $2 25 per
day; master laborer, to keep public grounds In order,
at >2 28 per day; fourteen laborers, three at two
dollars per day, and eleven at $1 75perday; laborer
to superintendent, $2 28 per day; four attendants
at recitation-rooms, library, chapel, and offices, at
twenty dollars per month each ; twenty servants, to
keep in order midshipmen's quarters and public
buildings, at twenty dollars per month each, making
in all $17,462 75.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line six hun-
dred and twenty-two, to strike out the following
ilem from the appropriations for the Naval
Academy:
For pay of employes in the department of steam-
nneinery, for machinists, boiler-makers, and others,
$3,312 50.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For pay in department of steam engineering, one
machinist, at $3 50 per day; and one machinist at
three dollavs per day; one blacksmith, one boiler-
maker, one pattern-maker, and oneraolder, at three
dollars per day each; and two laborers at $1 75 per
day each, making in all $8,760.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hundred
and thirty-five, after the words "contingent
expenses" to strike out " $63,450" and insert
"namely;" and after the word." namely" to
insert:
For material for heating and lighting the Academy
and school-ship's quarters, $20,000.
For the purchase of books for the library, $2,000.
For stationery, blank-books, maps, and models,
£3.500.
For expenses of the Board of Visitors, $2,000.
For postage, $750.
For furniture and fixtures for public buildings,
$2,000.
FW expenses in the astronomical and philosoph-
ical department, $500.
For the purchase of steam-machinery, steam-pipo
and fixtures, rent of buildings, freight, cartage, water,
musical instruments, uniforms for band, telegraph-
ing, and repairs of all kinds, and incidental labor
lint applicable to any other appropriation, $35,000.
if; t- rent of quarters for foreman of gas and steam-
heating works, $180.
For engineers' stores, in department of steam
eitfunery, $500.
For material forrftpairof steam-machinery, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments of the Committee on Appropriations are
now concluded save one, which was reserved
and will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
After the word "dollars," in line three hundred
and two, insert:
Provided, That no retired officer of the Navy shall
hereafter be assigned to duty of any kind, or be en-
titled to receive more than the pay and allowances
provided by law for retired officers of his grade and
all such assignments heretofore made shall term-
inate within thirty days from the passage of this act;
and all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this
provision are hereby repealed.
Mr. DRAKE. I thought it was understood
by the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations that he would not require action on
that until the Committee on Naval Affairs had
presented their amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the suggestion to be that the other
amendments of the Committee on Appropria-
tions should first be acted upon. All the rest
have been acted on.
Mr. DRAKE. My suggestion was that the
chairman would be so good as to let that stand
until the amendments offered by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs shall be acted on, because
if this is to become a law there is a place in
the amendments offered by the Committee on
Naval Affairs where this would appropriately
come, and not in its present position in the
bill. I do not wish to avoid action on it; all
I want is that it shall be considered open.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Do I understand
the Senator to say that the Committee on Naval
Affairs has provided for this ?
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; but there is a sec-
tion among the amendments which the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs propose into which this
would more properly be placed than where it
is, and in connection with which it would be
more properly considered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
Mr. DRAKE. That is all I ask.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion, then, that the Senator should proceed
with his amendments from the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This amend-
ment will be considered as reserved for the
present.
Mr. DRAKE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer a number of
amendments to this bill, which I send to the
Secretary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The first
amendment of the Senator from Missouri will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment,
which was on page 1, lines eight, nine, and ten,
t,o strike out " at sea, on shore, on special ser-
vice, and of those on the retired list, and unem-
ployed."
Mr. DRAKE. I will explain the reason
why this amendment is offered. The language
has never been used in a naval appropriation
bill heretofore. The appropriation has always
been in simple terms " for the pay of commis-
sioned and warrant officers," without under-
taking to specify the different positions they
might be filling, or whether they were on one
kind of duty or another. That is the first objec-
tion. The second is that if this language is
retained in the bill there is no provision what-
ever in this bill for the pay of any officer on
leave or waiting orders ; but that is a subor-
dinate matter. The great point is that never
before in an appropriation bill has any such
language been used. The appropriation is
general in its terms, always for the pay of these
officers, leaving the Department to settle the
matter what pay they should receive whether
they were on one service or another. I hope
that the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations will not object to having this amend-
ment made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not con-
ceive that this is a very important matter, one
way or the other ; but this bill was constructed,
so far as that item is concerned, upon the lan-
guage of the estimates of the Department. The
bill follows the exact language of the estimate
of the Department as submitted to Congress.
I do not think there will be any embarrassment
at all in allowing the text to stand as it is.
Mr. DRAKE. But the estimates of the
Department are required to state these things
specifically, how much will be wanted probably
for one class of duty, and how much for another;
but at last it is all pay, and £he question is
whether now there shall be introduced into the
naval appropriation bill language such as never
has been introduced into one through the whole
history of the Government. I believe I am
right in saying that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If it effects noth-
ing, it is of no importance; but I have before me
the estimate submitted by the Department, and
they submit it in the exact language of this bill.
Mr. DRAKE. And it always has been sub-
mitted so heretofore in the same language, and
yet Congress is not bound to adopt that lan-
guage, and has not done so heretofore, but has
simply said "for pay."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
mischief of leaving the language of the bill as
it stands?
Mr. DRAKE. The mischief of it in the first
place is that which I have stated, that there is
no provision here for the pay of any officer on
leave or waiting orders. That is not specified
here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The general
language would embrace it. The appropria-
tion is for the commissioned and warrant offi-
cers.
Mr. DRAKE. But then it goes on to con-
fine it, and says, "at sea, on shore, on spe-
cial service, and of those on the retired list
and unemployed."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the hon-
orable Senator conceive that there are a class
of officers who are neither at sea nor on shore?
Mr. DRAKE. There are a class of officers
who are not on sea duty or on shore duty;
those who are on leave or waiting orders.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But they are on
shore or at sea-
Mr. TRUMBULL. Theyare"unemployed."
Mr.DRAKE. Butthatword "unemployed"
refers to those on the retired list.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not negessarily.
Mr. DRAKE. The language is, "and of
those on the retired list and unemployed." It
does not refer to those on the active list who
arc unemployed. I trust the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations will not insist
upon putting in this bill language which was
never put into a naval appropriation bill be-
fore.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will report the next amendment of the
Senator from Missouri.
The Chief Clerk, It is proposed to strike
out all after the word "dollars," on page 1,
down to and including the word "rank," in
line sixty-eight, on page 4.
Mr. DRAKE. That has already been done,
on the motion of the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chaii
understands this amendment to have been
adopted already.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir ; it was
adopted on the motion of the Committee on
Appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will read the next amendment, submitted
by the Senator from Missouri from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the bill by inserting after the word " dollars,"
in line ninety-two, on page 5, in the appropria-
tions for the Kittery navy-yard, "for chief
