1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2775
Mr. WOODWARD. I will withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to make the duty on pig iron $3 per
ton. I do this for the purpose of getting an
opportunity to reply to what has fallen from
my honorable friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Woodward.] He is wrong when he said I
sneered at his State. He turned a little point
on me that was hardly worthy of a man in his
distinguished position, giving us counsel as
a Democrat. I did not sneer at Pennsylva-
nia. I simply gave the facts as I had them,
and which the gentleman has not controverted,
in reference to the 12,500 persons interested
in blasting-furnaces and the 42,000 engaged in
the preparation of the ore and fuel required
for that purpose. I did not pretend that all
the men engaged in mining coal were inter-
ested in this iron business; 1 did not intend to
make any such impression as that. I obtained
this estimate from authentic sources, and I was
correct in my statement so far as that is con-
cerned.
Suppose it is true as the gentleman says when
he undertakes to read me a lesson in regard to
the high protective system. Suppose that
800,000 people are favored at the expense of
over 40,000,000. I would like to know where
the gentleman finds his economy, where lie
finds his ethicn for taking from the mass of the
people, from the 40,000,000 who consume this
article, taxes to support a few hundred thou-
sand of local population. There is no rule of
ethics, no rule of economy, no rule of honesty
even, that will justify any such oppression and
spoliation of the people. I care not whether
people be engaged in commerce, in agriculture,
or in railroading, this systemisnota correct one.
By the way, I could show the gentleman that
if he would be fair and just he would seek to
protect the railroads of this country which now
pay no dividends. 1 could refer gentlemen to
a number of railroads the capital invested in
which amounts to hundreds of millions of dol-
lars ; yet they have to buy their iron from these
monopolists at enhanced prices, thus enhancing
the cost of all that is transported and consumed
by the people, and it adds to the cost of trans-
porting all that is raised in the West and brought
to the East. I might refer the gentleman to the
interest of commerce, and show how in the single
item of ship-buildingthe cast-iron and other iron
which enters into the construction of a wooden
shiD worth $97,000 amounts to $12,500, to say
nothing of a ship constructed wholly of iron.
And there lies the commerce of Maine, of
New York, and of the whole sea-board pros-
trate before these lords of pig iron in Pennsyl-
vania. Yet these gentry undertake to read us
lessons as to what is fair, just, .and equitable in
the arrangement of an enormous tax ! I could
go into the matter of agriculture in detail; but
I will not this evening. I raise my voice here
to night for the cheap article ot iron. I am
against any 100 per cent, protection. When
you add insurance, custom-house charges, ex-
change, freight, &c., to the duty it will be
found that this protection on pig iron amounts
to nearly 125 per cent. The tables I print to-
day show this. These amounts, wrung from
t oil, go into the pockets of those who are roll-
in<r in wealth, who have u waxed tat and
kicked," as they have kicked here this evening.
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, I wish to read
an extract from Macaulay's famous essay on
Bacon, to show why at this time and in this
country we have a right, in the interest of pro
gress and utility and for the civilization of our
"va for commercial freedom ! This matter of
iron enters into eveiything belonging to the
civilization of this age. Speaking of a connate
subject, comparing the ancient and fruitless
philosophy of the elder day with this age of
iron, steam, and electricity, he seemed espe-
cially to have iron, cheap, aDundantiron, in his
mind, when he said :
" Tt ha* lengthened life; it has mitigatoa pain : it
hag extinguished diseases; it has increased the fer-
tility of the soil: it has given new securities to the
mariner; it has furnished now arms to the warrior;
it has spanned groatriversand estuaries With bridges
of form unknown to our fathers; it has guided the
thunderbolt innocuously from heaven to earth; it
has lighted up tho night with tho splendor of the
day; it has extended the range of the human vision;
it has accelerated motion; it has annihilated dis-
tance; ithasfacilitated intercourse, correspondence,
all friendly officcs, all dispatch of business; it has
enabled man to descend to the depths of the sea, to
soar into the air, to penetrate securely into the
noxious recesses of the earth, to traverse the land
in cars which whirl along without horses, and the
ocean in ships which run ten knots an hour against
the wind. These are but a part of its fruits, and ot
its first-fruits, for it is a philosophy which never
rests, which has never attained, which is never por-
feot. Its law is progress. A point which yesterday
was invisible is its goal to-day, and will bo its start-
ing-post to-morrow."
And this great element is to be taxed and
taxed and taxed, and thus made dear and
scarce, and thus the civilization of the age and
the labor of our land are made to pay tribute
to Pennsylvania!
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. I would like to know whether
that which the gentleman has been reading is
an essay on pig iron? [Laughter.]
Mr. BURDETT. Mf. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Cox.] I wish to say in behalf
of myself and my people that I shall support
the bill of the committee. In doing so I rep-
resent the sentiment of the great iron State of
Missouri, and not only her iron interests but'
the interests of her farming population ; and I
am well advised of what I say when I so assert.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I understand very well
that we of this country can produce iron as
cheaply under the same circumstances as any
other people on earth; and I verily believe
that in the State of Missouri we can produce
it more cheaply than in any other section of
the country. But I say here advisedly that
without a tariff of at least very nearly $7 per
ton upon this article no furnace can glow upon
the banks of the Mississippi, and that to strike
down the tariff upon this_ article is to strike
down six new furnaces which wo have coaxed
and begged men to erect within tho last two
years, and in which, upon our assurances of
support, over $2,000,000 have been invested.
I for one do not propose to commit any trea-
son against those interests or tho State which
I represent.
Mr. Chairman, I propose by a few figures to
show that under a tariff of $3 per ton no pound
of iron can be produced in Missouri. In 1800,
according to the statement of Mr. Commis-
sioner Hewitt, the cost of pig iron in the Cleve-
land district of England, where it is most cheaply
produced, was 40 English shillings per ton, or
a little loss than $10. 1 have heard it stated
that pig iron can- sometimes be landed upon
the wharf in the city of St. Louis, in siglit of
our new furnaces, at a cost of only $5 per ton
for transportation from Liverpool to St. Louis.
This makes $15, and $3 added, as tac tariff
proposed by the amendment now pending,
would make the cost of this class of iron but
$18 per ton, exclusive of interest and_ ex-
changes. The explanation of this cheap freight-
age is found in the alleged fact that the cotton
ships which throng the portof New Orleans at
certain seasons of the year are compelled to
ballast; and bring over pig iron as the best
form of ballast, and at nominal freightage.
Our grain barges returning from New Orleans
to St. Louis otfer the cheapest possible trans-
portation over that part of the route.
Mr. Chairman, in the dispute ot the mem-
hers from Missouri on the cost of the produc-
tion of iron I have heard no one declare that
it can-be produced for less than $24 a ton.
My colleague says $21 a ton. I dispute that
statement; 1 believe he is misinformed ; all
the testimony we have is against it.. 1 he
figures, so far as known, making eveiy allow-
ance for personal feeling and interest, snow
that $20 is the lowest price at which it can be
produced in Missoe.i. Now, I have the com-
putation of the cost of iron during the last
year in England, and it runs from $13 to $17
a ton. Say it ia $15 on the average, and $5
transportation is $20; $3 tariff is $23; so
that there is a loss on every ton of pig iron
produced in Missouri on this basis. .
I wish to say one other thing, Mr. Chairman,
and that is that the gentlemen who are specu-
lating on the idea that the people of the West
are free-traders are selling themselves very
cheaply. There is not a single county in my
State where the people are not anxious for the
establishment of manufactories. . They have
come therefrom Yankee land and from Penn-
sylvania and Ohio as well as from the 'old
Whig States of the South. They say, " Where
we used to live, and where there were manu-
facturers and manufabturing towns, we sold
our wheat and all we could raise at a profit.
There, there was always a home market; but
here it is the reverse. Give us manufactures
adequately protected and our farmers will also
have a home market for their productions and
find value in their lands."
The agriculturists know that there is one
tax they cannot escape. They must pay every
penny it costs to transport their productions to
the place of final consumption. They prefer
to build up at home consuming industries rather
than to depend forever on the chance of a
famine market in Europe. They will not sub-
mit to be forever vassalized either by the East
or by Europe.
[Here the hammer fell]
Mr. BURCEARD. Mr. Chairman, the ques-
tion before the committee is, what will be a fair
reduction of the duty on pig iron ? Figures
have been presented pro and con. It seems to
me, if we go back to the years 1840, 1850,
J 850, and 1807, and see what then was the con-
dition of the pig-iron interest, whether the man-
ufacture of pig iron flourished or not, we will
derive more leading principles to control our
votes. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Woodward] who recently addressed the
committee insisted that the pig-iron interest,
that the manufacture of pig iron, was in dis-
tress. The reports of the Secretary of the
Treasury, taken from year to year, show there
was a continued increase and continued de-
velopment of the manufacture of pig iron
under the tariff of 1846. The census reports
show that in 1840 there was but $7,1^2,510 ol
pig iron manufactured in the United Stales. In
1848 it had increased to $12,748,727. That
was under what is called the free-trade tariff
of 1846, which levied an ad valorem duty of SO
per cent., an average duty of $5 per ton. In
1855 it had increased to $16,016,910 in value,
showing a continued increase and development
of this industry during those years.
Now, there is another fact to which I desire
to call the attention of the committee. 'I he
iron mines and ore beds in the northern part
of the State of Michigan commenced their
development in 1856, under a protection ot
only 30 per cent, ad valorem-, and although
in 1857 the duty was reduced to 24 per cent.
ad valorem their development and production
continually increased. The gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Strickland] gave us the sta-
tistics of that increase, which is as follows;
IRON".
Gross tons Gross tons falw.
Year "re. PW iron.
185 6  T.000 "
91 nno - bO.UuO
ii:® , 249.202
Where this manufacture is started and con-
tinues we can safely infer there is a profit. 111
it. Capitalists do not invest their money m
pic iron from patriotic motives, for the pur-
pose of developing the resources of the couutrv.
No sir - thay engage in the manufacture of it
to make money out of it. If one man goes in
and makes money out of it, another and anot her
will engage in the same manufacture; and when
you find so great an increase in this indaxt.-y
