1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3719
passed through the Sault Ste. Marie canal last
ye r. 1 have the statistics. So it has been
foi the last five years.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is sufficient to say that j
the commerce either of the Ohio river or of i
the lakes is equal to our entire foreign ton-
nage, and therefore it is an immense affair.
AI/. CHANDLER. But a very small por-
tion of the commerce of the lakes passes
through the Sault Ste. Marie canal. I have the
figures at home ; I did not bring them here
becaiise I did not suppose that this matter was
coinii g up. I have the official statistics, show-
ing that for five years the tonnage passing
through the Sault Ste. Marie canal was more
than double that passing through the Louisville
canal.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; you will get
your appropriation in time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to have
the two appropriations go together. It is very
important that we have an appropriation for
the Sault Ste. Marie canal; it is important that
certain other internal works of improvement
be provided for; and I object in toto to taking
one estimate out from one hundred, two hun-
dred, or three hundred in the engineer's esti-
mates, and move it on a general appropriation
bill. It is irregular; it ought never to be done.
Let this matter go to a committee for investi-
gation, and to see whether the amount is right..
Mr. ANTHONY. I am very glad to see
this motion from the vigilant guardian of the
Treasury, because I am anxious to have a sim-
ilar appropriation made for a breakwater at
Block Island, which is a more important work
than both the others that have been named put
together. I shall move that asan amendment
to the amendment of my friend from Ohio,
which I am sure will strengthen it, and then I
think we can pat both through together. I
have the estimate of the engineers, and I see
my colleague of the Committee on Rules here,
awl so we can get it in from a committee, if '
necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. It so happens that my
colleague and I represent three million people ;
and we have no appropriations made for the
State of Ohio by the national Government of
any moment whatever. So far as I know, there
is not a single appropriation within the State
of Ohio that is called for except for two or
three places along the lake shore, and as to
them we do not ask any great favor, and do
not care much whether they are made or not.
This appropriation is for the canal at Louisville,
one hundred and fifty miles from the Ohio
border. It is to complete a" work of infinite,
value to the whole Mississippi valley, in which
Ohio has no more interest than many other
States. It seems to me, under the circum-
stances, when it is admitted on all hands that
this work ought to be completed during the
summer months, while the water is low, and
that only $450,000 is necessary to complete a
work of infinite magnitude, that there ought to
be no obstruction by a rival interest to prevent
this appropriation.from being made.
When the Mississippi rapids appropriation
was asked for I did not object, and when an
appropriation will be asked for the Sault Ste.
Marie canal I shall not object. These are
great works of public improvement. I have
always favored them, and intend to favor them,
although I am in favor of economy ; and so,
if a showing is made at the proper time by the
Senator from Rhode Island that his improve-
ment is needed for the general commerce of
the country, I shall be ready to give it my
support. _ .
But under these circumstances, especially as
I have taken the proper mode under the rules
and given the notice required, and this sum is
regularly estimated for and will in due time be
certainly appropriated, it seems to me when I
ask for an immediate appropriation now lor
the reasons I have stated there ought to be no
objection to it. by those who expect appropri-
ations in the future. I have no doubt I shall
support those appropriations when they are
presented in due time; and I should not now
ask for this on this bill but for the fact that it
is necessary to appropriate the money at the
earliest day possible, so that the necessary con-
tracts for the completion of this great work
may be made. I trust the Senate will give us
this appropriation on this bill.
Mr. THURMAN. The necessity for this ,
appropriation has been very greatly increased j
by the building, as I said, of a railroad bridge !
under the sanction of this Government au- !
thorizing that bridge to be built, and makin  j
it, as I said before, more difficult by far, and
to a certain extent impossible for large boats j
to pass over the falls in high water as they 1
formerly did. Everything now is obliged to
pass through the canal. I really do not know
why the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce should feel hurt, as he seems to be,
by the amendment offered by my colleague.
It certainly was no want of respect to the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce or
to that committee itself to move this amend-
ment; nor do I think he has examined it atall.
On the contrary, if I had my way, every one
of these large approDriations for improvements
should stand upon its own bottom, to use a
homely phrase. I would not allow them all
to be grouped together in one bill from the
Committee on Commerce, in order to make
what is called a regular log-rolling bill, in which
it is necessary that I should help you to roll
your log if I waut my log rolled. I can hardly
conceive of any reason why the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce is so much op-
posed to having this appropriation made now,
unless hefear3 that if we get this appropriation
made and our log is rolled, then we may not
help him to roll his log. That is the only
reason I can conceive why he is so sensitive
on this subject.
Now, I wish to say that very soon, in thirty
days from this time, the Ohio river will begin to
fall, and will continue to fall until nearly the 1st
of N ovember, or rather the lowest stage of it will
be somewhere about the 20th of September. If
this improvement is to be made, and the neces-
sary materials are to be had and the necessary
workmen to be employed, it is necessary that
those who have it in charge should know it as
soon as possible, and they will not be prepared
for work one day before the time will arrive of
the low stage of the water when they can go
to Work. I hope, therefore, under these cir-
cumstances, it being a matter of such pressing
necessity to the people on the banks of that
stream and the commerce of that stream, that
this amendment will be adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I raise
a point of order on the amendment, that it does
not come within the thirtieth rule. The rule
declares that—
"No amendments proposing additional appropri-
ations shall bo received to any general appropriation
bill, unless it be mado to carry out the provisions of
some existing law, or some act or resolution pre-
viously passed by the Senate during that session, or
i moved by directionofastandingorselect committeo
I of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate from
the head of some of the Departments."
This is not from the head of a Department.
It is taken from a book published by the engi-
neering corps, and is not recommended by the
head of a Department. It is from the engi-
neering corps. It is entirely out of order. I
trust tbe Chair will so rule, and that will stop
discussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. This estimate is con-
tained in the regular estimates of t he Secretary
of War.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Secretary of War
had sent in his recommendation with this esti-
mate and asked that the amount be appropri-
ated, it would have come from the head of a
Department; but he did not do that.
Mr. THURMAN. It comes from the Secre-
tary of War in the printed book of estimates,
and also from the Secretary ot the Treasury in
the estimates submitted to us by him ; and as
a matter of course was referred to the regular
Committees on Appropriations and Commerce.
My amendment comes directly within the rule.
Mr. CHANDLER. The estimate docs not
come from the head of a Department; it comes
from the corps of engineers, and is not recom-
mended by the head of a Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. Recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CHANDLER. Any second lieutenant
would be, according to the Senator's version, a
head of a Department who makes a report or
estimate. The amendment is clearly out of
order.
Mr. DAVIS. The objection of the honor-
able Senator from Michigan I think is not well
founded. If an engineer who is attached to
the War Department makes the estimate and
recommends the appropriation, it is certainly
coming within the rule that it must be recom-
mended by the head of a Department. The
head of a Department recommends by his sub-
ordinates 
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator per-
mit me to ask for a decision upon the point of
order ? I raised a point of order which I desire
to have decided.
Mr. DAVIS. Iam saying a word on the
point of order.
Mr. CHANDLER. If it is out of order,
debate is improper.
Mr. DAVIS. I am saying a word on the
point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan raises a point of order that the
amendment of tho Senator from Ohio is not
within the thirtieth rule. The rule states that
an amendment can be moved in four different
ways: first, "to carry out the provisions of
some existing lawsecond, "or some act or
resolution previously passed by the Senate
during that session;" or third, "it may be
moved by direction of a standing or select com-
mittee of the Senate;" or fourth, "in pur-
suance of an estimate from the head of some
of the Departments." The object of this rule
is evident, that the Senate shall not be sur-
prised by something being proposed which has
not appeared in tbe estimates submitted by the
Departments, and therefore accessible to all
the Senators, before the proposition has come
to the body which is to act upon it. The Chair
has obtained the book of estimates, which is
in this form:
" Letter from tho Secretary of tho Treasury trans-
mitting estimates of additional appropriations re-
quired to complete the service of tho year ending
June 30. 1870, and appropriations required for tho
service of the fiscal year ending J uneoO, 187L"
' In these estimates, on page 205, appears:
" Ship-canal around falls of Ohio river, $450,000."
It is therefore in the printed book of esti-
mates which is submitted by the Secretary of
the Treasury as one of the appropriations re-
quired, subject, of course, to the discretion of
Congress as to whether it shall or shall not be
appropriated.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Secretary does not
recommend it. It is from the Secretary of
War, and the Secretary of War, as I under-
stand, does not recommend it.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule does
: not require that he shall recommend it. It
says the amendment must be "in pursuance
of an estimate from the head of some of the
Departments," and the object is, as the Chair
stated, that it shall previously have been sub-
mitted so that the Senate shall not be surprised
by an amendment coming in which has not
i been previously before them for their consul-
s' eration in some form, as in the book of esti-
mates. The Chair therefore decides that the
r amendment is in order under the rule.
1 Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Obviously thia
will lead to some difficulty, because it, is plain
that if this item goes on the bill others of a
> similar class may go on, and it seems to me
|| there is a good deal of force in theobjeftion
I; taken by the chairman of the Committee oa
