1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4663
accountant, §1,800, and for clerk to the same,
$1,200."
Mr. DRAKE. That is one of the items esti-
mated for by the Navy Department. The chief
accountant in a navy-yard is an officer that has
bad place in several of the navy-yards in this
country for many years, and, from the informa-
tion that has come to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, one of the most important and valuable
officers connected with any navy-yard. He
keeps the accounts of all the effects of the
Government in the different yards, and of all
the requisitions that are made: of all the
accounts that are passed under the hands of
the commandant of the yard. I do not under-
stand why the House of Representatives should
have omitted this item from the bill, and I pre-
sume it must have been by some oversight, for
it is an established office, estimated for by the
Department, and one of the most important
offices in any of the yards.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In the Commit-
tee on Appropriations we gave careful consid-
eration to this subject, and became satisfied,
from the very best information we had, that it
was only necessary to put down, in addition to
what came in the bill from the other House,
what we recommended, and which has already
been adopted by the Senate, and that is the
'' gate- keeper and detective.'' I have here the
estimates, and when I state the items the Sen-
ate will have some idea of what the civil estab-
lishment at these navy-yards is composed of.
The first is "civil engineer." That is in.
The next is "draughtsman and clerk to civil
engineer." That is iu. The next is "clerk
of pay-rolls and mustering clerk." That is in
the bill. The next is " receiver and inspector
of stores." That is already in the bill. Next
comes "writer to the receiver and inspector
of stores, at three dollars per diem." Theother
House left that out. Then comes " two clerks
of the commandant, one at $1,500 and one at
$1,200." The House of Representatives struck
those out. The next item is " chief accountant,
at §1,800, and clerk to the same at $1,200;"
and then comes " the gate-keeper and detect-
ive," &c. The House of Representatives gave
three clerks for that particular establishment,
and left out the chief accountant and his clerk.
Of course the Committee on Appropriations
had no special information as to the working
of that establishment; but the House having
left out a portion of t'iiem, that led the com-
mittee to inquire as to whether the public
service required these additional clerks.
Now, in reply to the remark of the Senator
from Missouri, that he does not know upon
what the House committee acted, I will say
that neither do I; but the Senate Committee
on Appropriations acted upon information
received directly from the Department, and
intended to put into tins bill precisely what the
Department thought would answer the ends
of the public service. It was said that a gate-
keeper and detective was particularly import-
ant, was absolutely necessary to the security
of the property ; but as to a chief accountant
and his clerk it was believed that upon the
other clerks might be devolved very properly
this duty.
If I understand the Senator from Missouri,
he thinks that this chief accountant has some
important supervising powers or functions
which lie deems very important. I do not
kuow that I ought to have any information
independent of the Department; but I am
rather persuaded that in regard to the largo
yards in the country this chief accountant may
be important; and, if it is satisfactory to the
Naval Committee, I would suggest as a com-
promise on the question that we add the chiei
accountant but not the clerk. As this prop-
osition applies to the civil establishment in
all the navy-yards, I have thought it worth
while to make this remark. I hope it will bo
satisfactory to the Naval Committee, in addi-
tion to what the Committee on Appropriations
have put into the House bill, to add the chief
accountant, leaving off his clerk.
Mr. DRAKE. The chief accountant, ever
since there has been one at any of these yards,
has had a clerk, and if the Senate will take the
time and trouble to give-attention to some doc-
uments which I have here in regard to this
office, it will be perceived at once that it is
impossible that the chief accountant can render
the service which is required of him without
the assistance of a clerk. There has always
been, and it is of the utmost importance to the
interests of the service thatthis office should be
kept in full working order.
I am authorized to state for the information
of the Senate that upon one occasion this thing
happened in one of thenavy-yards of this coun-
try : that an inventory had been taken of the
Government effects in a navy-yard just before
a chief accountant was appointed there, and
when he went into office and took charge of
matters there he had a new inventory made,
and the astounding result was the discovery
of $500,000 more of Government property in
that yard than the previous inventory had
shown.
Mr. President, I do not wish to occupy the
time of the Senate in this matter. I have here
two letters, written by Rear Admiral Rodgers
when he was commandant of the navy-yard at
Boston, in the strongest terms urging the con-
tinuance of this office. I have a letter from the
present chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks,
and I have a letter from Vice Admiral Porter,
and they all say that it is impossible for one
mau to perform the duties of chief accountant
without the help of a clerk; and as he has
always had a clerk, and as there are no other
clerks unassigned to duty in the navy-yards,
I hope the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations will not insist upon cutting off this
clerk from an officer of so great value as the
chief accountant, who has always had a clerk.
I must insist upon the amendment as author-
ized by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If this was the
only thing I would not say a word about it;
but it runs over a whole series. I want to
admonish the Committee on Naval Affairs that
what they persuade the Senate to do it will be
more difficult probably to persuade the House
to do. We had better not load this bill down.
The Committee on Appropriations went just
as far as they believed, on information directly
from the Department, the public good required,
and I doubt if the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs will be able to persuade the House to go
much further. Now, the information which
the honorable Senator from Missouri has is
undoubtedly precisely what the commandants
of those establishments would like to have. I
have no doubt it is their honest judgment; but
I know the fact that this accountant is not a
general officer ; that is to say, he is not at-
tached to all the navy-yards. There are some
yards where they have no general accountant.
Mr. DRAKE. Not at navy-yards where
there is much construction going on.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Such largo yards
as Norfolk never had one, and the whole of it
is of recent date. I submit, therefore, that the
Naval Committee had better not push this mat-
ter beyond what I suggest. At four or five large
places, where a good deal of work is being
done, I will not object to there being a chief
accountant; but I cannot agree to give him a
clerk. .
Mr. DRAKE. I cannot conceive why the
Senator from Maine should object to this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have just said
to the honorable Senator that I have gone as
far as our information from the Department
would allow.
Mr. DRAKE. I beg to say that in a con-
versation yesterday morning with the Secretary
of the Navy himself he said that he wanted
this chief accountant's office kept there; that
it was very important to the interests of the
Government.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; I
have said I would agree to that.
Mr. DRAKE. But I say to the Senator that
beyond all question, when the Senator comes
to study out the real amount of work at any
one of these yards where heavy construction is
going on, he would say that it is impossible for
the chief accountant to do the whole work with-
out a clerk ; and as he has had a clerk always,
I trust the Senate will not refuse it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. As it is manifest that this
bill cannot be finished to-day, and there are
quite a number of important amendments to be
proposed, I move that the Senate resume the
consideration of House bill No. 2045, with a
view to moving an adjournment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I thought we
might work up to five o'clock, as we did not,
do much yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN. Senators are tired.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will give leave
of absence to those who are tired. [Laughter. ]
I can get along with those patriotic Senators
who are willing to stay.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am disposed to follow
the lead of the Senator.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will call up
the Senator's bill before we adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; so that it is
left as the unfinished business I am satisfied.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio withdraws his motion. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri.
The question being put, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
does not accept the proposition for the account-
ant. at this place I must divide the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Missouri withdraw the pending
amendment for the present?
Mr. DRAKE. 1 am willing to allow all
these pending amendments, down to the sev-
enty-third line, to be passed over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The question
is simply whether you withdraw this amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Missouri that
there is no amendment pending except the one
upon which the vote has just been taken, if
that is pending. If that is withdrawn, there
will be no amendment before the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. For the present I with-
draw it.
Mr. MORRILL, ofMaine. Now, letushave
the next.
Mr. DRAKE. I would rather pass over all
the amendments that are objected to than have
the Senate divided now. If the Senate has no
objection let all these amendments be passed
over for the present, and we will offer them at
a subsequent time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then the Sen-
ator had better mov; distinctly such amend-
ments as he desires to have acted on.
Mr. DRAKE. Now, let the Clerk turn to
page 4 of the printed amendments of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri offers an amendment,which will
be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert at the end of the bill:
Sec. —. And Le it further pnacle'l. That from and
after the 30th day of June, 1370, the annual pay ot
the oiiicers ot the Navy on the active list thai! oe as
follows:
The Admiral, £13,333. , ,
The Vice Admiral, when at sea, S9,i>00 ; ori shore
duty, SS.dOJ: on leave or waiting orders, Sb.OUU.
Rear fidtnirals, when ut sfici, $h,600; or shore duty,
$5,300; on leave or waiting orders, $4,000.
Commodores, when at sea,  o,o00: on shore Uutj,
$1,200; on leave or waitioe orders,
