3720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Commerce. All this class of appropriations
lull properly under the jurisdiction of that com-
mittee, and it is very well understood that there
is a very large class ofthis sort of estimates to
be considered. Now, if you attach one item,
although doubtless meritorious, it will lead, I
can see clearly, to the presentation of others.
Some have already been suggested.
I therefore suggest to the Senator who moves
this amendment that he is very likely to en-
counter difficulty in the other branch, who are
now considering this very question in the form
of bills ; and he will probably find the same
reluctance to consider one item of a class there
that he encounters here. I doubt, therefore,
whether this is a prudent thing'to do on this
hill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I stated, when I submitted
this proposition, that I would not do it myself
but for pressing reasons which exist as to this
particular appropriation, and I did not think
there would be any objection. I understand
that the appropriate committee of the other
House have already passed upon this appro-
priation. This is one of the undisputed appro-
priations, one of those which will probably not
excite controversy. This work is going on ;
an appropriation was made last year, and this
will complete it. This is one of the works for
which part of the money that we appropriated
in bulk last year was applied, being one of the
most important. It is one of the undisputed
works that ought to be completed; and 1 have
no doubt that after the Committee on Com-
merce report appropriations for the other works
there will be no trouble in considering and
passing them. The reason why I offer it is
because there is an immediate necessity for
entering into the requisite contracts to com-
plete the work on the canal during the low
stages of water. The lock, I believe, has to
be rebuilt, and it has to be done as rapidly as
possible, the very moment the work is com-
menced, because while the work is going on of
changing the width of the lock the navigation
of the river must be suspended. I trust, there-
fore, the Senate will yote this proposition on
this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question.is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were 24 and the noes 14.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I give notice now that
if this appropriation goes on this bill I shall
move the entire estimates of the engineers for
this year, and shall endeavor to bring about an*
adjournment, that there may be ample time to
put on the whole river and harbor bill upon
this bill. It i3 unjust to every other public
work in the United States; itisan abandonment
of the river and harbor bill; it is an abandon-
ment of all interests except this simple one, to
adopt this amendment. Here is a canal that
has belonged to a private corporation for the
last fifty or sixty years, that has been in oper-
ation for fifty or sixty years, a canal without
any great immediate necessity for its improve-
ment. 1 am in favor of making an appropria-
tion for this work, but it is not a matter that
requires haste. It is a work that has stood, as
I said before, for fifty or sixty years, run by a
private corporation. I will not to-night go into
the argument as to the propriety of making this
appropriation while it is the property of a pri-
vate company. I shall probably vote for this
appropriation on the river and harbor bill, and
I ask every gentleman in this'body who has any
interest whatever in the river and harbor bill
to vote against this appropriation unless he is
prepared to go with me to take every single
estimate of the engineers and vote it upon this
bill.
Mr. SHfiRMAN. I wish to answer one point
of the Senator from Michigan. This is a work
that belongs to the public. My friend from
Michigan does not do himself justice when he
says it belongs to a private company. Five
trustees, under the law of Kentucky, manage
it, acting as trustees for the Government, own-
ing but one share of fifty dollars, nominally.
They are ready and anxious and desirous to turn
it over to the Government, and have offered
to do so over and over again ; but the work is
kept, at the request of the officers of the Gov-
ernment, under the original charter. It is
really the property of the Government; every
dollar of the stock is owned by the Govern-
ment of the United States; and these trustees,
the leading one of whom was the late Mr.
Guthrie, have merely acted at the request of
the Government and for the use of the Gov-
ernment.
I will state also that I am informed by a
member of the House of Representatives that
the Committee on Appropriations of the House
have agreed to this appropriation unanimously,
and intend to put it on an appropriation bill,
but were waitiug for the action of the Com-
mittee on Commerce. Then there is no prac-
tical difficulty in the way, nor is there any
necessity for making a movement, such as the
Senator from Michigan threatens, to put the
whole river and harbor bill on this. That is
a distinct subject. The river aud harbor bill
is quite a different question. This is a press-
ing work that is now going on, and the only
question is whether we shall not meet the neces-
sary expenses of this appropriation, just as we
did in regard to the Mississippi river improve-
ment. We appropriated $200,000 early this
session for that on the very ground I have now
given for this appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to make
one observation to the Senator from Ohio. It
is, that he gains nothing by putting this item
in this bill in point of time. This is an appro-
priation for the next fiscal year, and of course
not a dollar of this money can be used until
the 1st day of July.
Mr. SHERMAN. But contracts can be
made by the 1st of July.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But within that
period the river and harbor bill will be passed
probably; so that it seems to me, in point of
time, nothing is gained; and I appeal to my
friend whether we are not likely to get into
very serious embarrassment by loading this
bill down with amendments that do not belong
to it, when really the object to be accomplished
will not be attained by putting it on this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky whether this is not a fact; he knows
better than I do; that the Government held
stock in this canal from the beginning; an<TI
wish to inquire of my friend from Kentucky,
who I think is better informed than anybody
else here on the subject, whether the dividends
received by the Government of the United
States from its stock in that canal do not ex-
ceed all that the Government has ever expended
upon it?
Mr. DAVIS. This is one of the most im-
portant improvements that is now in progress
in the whole United States. The commerce
of the Ohio river and its immediate tributaries
is much larger than that of any river on the
face of this earth. This improvement, by an
enlargement of the canal at the falls at Louis-
ville, has been progressing for some twenty-five
or thirty years. It has been dragging through
that whole'period of time. All the proceeds
of the tolls upon the canal for years and years
have been appropriated to the work. The
Government itself has received from the stock
it subscribed toward the work dividends ex-
ceeding all the appropriations the Government
has ever made toward the work. There was
an appropriation made for a few works of a
general character at the last session and this
work received a share, which, with the sum
now proposed to be voted, will be sufficient to
complete it and to open the navigation around
the falls according to the enlarged canal with
the enlarged locks, and in that way will open
the navigation without further obstruction to
all the crafts that trade upon that river up and
down.
When here is a single work that has received
the sanction of the Government and the coun-
try for thirty years, and there have been appro-
priations from year to year of such an amount
and such a continuance of time as to have
brought the work to the very point of its com-
pletion, and the small sum that is now asked
is all that will be requisite to complete it and
to put it in the fullest and most perfect opera-
tion, I think that wisdom and economy and
common sense require that the Senate should
make the appropriation.
I am surprised that the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce opposes it. I am
not opposed to his work of cleaning out the
St. Clair flats, or any other work whatever.
Whenever a work of sufficient national import-
ance as to demand an appropriation from Con-
gress to aid in its completion is presented to
me I am ready to give it my vote and support.
This appropriation, instead of retarding, in my
judgment, wtjuld promote and would give addi-
tional assurance to the success of the appro-
priation which the honorable Senator is so
desirous to obtain. I do not think this would
throw the least obstacle in the way of that
work, which I admit is of a national character,
and which I think ought to be constructed by
getting the appropriation which the gentlemen
who are friendly to the work desire from the
Treasury. But that ought not to interfere with
this work; and the success of the present mo-
tion would not, in my judgment, obstruct one
iota the work which the honorable Senator
is so desirous to have done.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I am in favor
of this appropriation in the proper place, and
I concur entirely with the remarks that have
been made by the Senator from Michigan as
to the impropriety of introducing into the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropri-
ation bill an item which properly belongs to
the river and harbor bill. In view of the
remarks made by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, I desire to ask the
Senator from Ohio—and it may have some
influence on my vote on this measure—whether
the previous appropriation for this work has
been expended, or whether the work is not
still progressing and will not continue to pro-
gress until the end of this fiscal year, the end
of June, whether this appropriation be now
made or not?
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that is ex-
hausted. If I understand correctly, the appro-
priation of one or two millions in gross was
made in a general appropriation bill, and the
part allotted to this particular work is ex-
hausted.
Mr. SCOTT. But has the work actually
been suspended for want of funds?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not live within one
hundred and fifty miles of it. The Senator
from Kentucky will know better how that is.
I presume the work is practically suspended at
present; but I cannot answer the question
directly.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that that appropriation
is not and will not be expended until the 30th
of June.
Mr. CORBETT. Last year the estimates
were something over seven million dollars,
or at least we ascertained in the Committee
on Commerce that the river and harbor bill
was to be loaded down with appropriations
to the extent of seven or eight million
dollars. The committee thought it prudent,
therefore, to make an appropriation in bulk,
amounting to about two million five hundred
thousand dollars, I think, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War ;
and that was apportioned to the various works
in different sections of the country for carry-
ing forward all such works as the Department
saw were for the greatest good of the country,
