5608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
Mr. DAWES. Commerce with the Indian
tribes?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
knows we have always made treaties with
tliem.
Mr. DAWES. " Commerce with Indian
tribes;" does it say that?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It does; look
at your .book, and yoa will'se'e it. Now I say,
that in my judgment, we have reached a point
where we are compelled to take the great
responsibility of an Indian war with all its
expense and all its horrors, or .else we must
recognize the treaties of 1867 and 18C8 which
we ourselves ordered to be made. All I de-
sire to do now is to put on record my warning
to this House, that if it persists in carrying out
its own notion we may ourselves have the
blood on our hands.
. Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to read
the provision of the Constitution to which he
has referred, and which he claims recognizes
the Indian tribes as nations with whom the
Government may make treaties.
Mr. GARFIELD, of .Ohio. If the gentle-
man desires me to read I will do so. Enum-
erated among the powers of Congress is the
following:
".To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and
among the several States, and with thelndian tribes."
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the very pas-
sage which the gentleman reads shows that
foreign nations are regarded as one thing and
the Indian tribes as another. The treaty-mak-
ing power is a power to make treaties with
foreign nations. The Indian tribes are recog-
nized by the Constitution as something else
than foreign nations.
I now yield to tho gentleman from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Sargent.]
.Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, in the pres-
ent condition of my voice 1 do not know that
1 can make myself heard ; but I feel it my duty
to submit a few suggestions on this important
question. In the first place, I would like to
put an inquiry to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield.] If Great Britain should
undertake to make a treaty offensive and de-
fensive with the Sioux Indians as an independ-
ent Power, does he believe that this Govern-
ment would recognize the right of Great Britain
to do so? Would the Senate or the gentleman
from Ohio regard those Indians as capable of
exercising the treaty making power in that way?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is altogether
too late for us in this country to raise that
question.
Mr. SARGENT. It is not too late to raise
the question. It is just the time to raise the
question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The time to raise
it was before we had made treaties ourselves
with the Indians.
Mr. SARGENT. Tho treaties for which the
gentleman eon tends were not made by the treaty-
makingpower of this Government. What is the
treaty-making powfer under the Constitution?
It resides in the President and the Senate.
These treaties' were made by a commission
appointed by Congress. Those commissioners
were our creatures ; they were not the treaty-
making power recognized by the Constitution.
The appointment of commissioners for such
a purpose was an anomaly in our history ; and
by the bill providing for their appointment we
required that those treaties should be submitted
for the consideration of Congress. We pro-
vided that the reservations contemplated by
those treaties should be submitted for our ap-
proval. As those reservations were to betaken
in exchange for other lands greater in extent,
and as in consideration of this exchange the
Indians were to receive certain annuities, of
course if the territorial proposition should be
rejected, then the consideration for the annui-
ties would fail and the treaties would fail.
Theie is die point of departure with reference
to those treaties. They are different in this
respect from any others ever negotiated.
Again, the expenditures they propose are
enormous. The objects for which the money
is to be expended are absurd. The Indians
are dissatisfied with the treaties, and denounce
them as a fraud.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a point of order.
I understand fjiat the Indian appropriation bill
pending betwe'fen the two Houses is now in the
hands of a conference committee. It seems to
me that before acting on the bill which the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] pre-'
sents, we ought to have a report from that con-
ference committee, whether they have agreed or
disagreed.
Mr. DAWES. The report is now ready to
be made.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let itbe made;
and let us see whether we are not in fault in
this matter.
The SPEAKER. All this proceeding is by
unanimous consent, because the conference
report of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Wasiiburs] on the naval appropriation bill—
a question of the highest privilege—is already
pending.
Mr. DAWES. As I hold the floor by the
indulgence of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
I will in a few moments call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. FERRY. I hope the gentleman will
not call the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I would not do so but for
the fact that the gentleman from Wisconsin is
anxious to resume the floor.
Mr. FERRY. I desire to know, beforevot-
ing on the bill, whether it applies to other
treaties than thos-e specifically referred to?
navy appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The pending question
before the House is: " Will the House agree to
the report of the committee of conference on
the disagreeing vote of the two Houses on the
Navy appropriation bill ?"
Mr. WASHBCJRN, of Wisconsin. Unless
some member desires some explanation of the
report I will demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the conference report was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the conference
report was adopted ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message l?roji the senate.
A message from tlie Senate,by Mr. Sympsox,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment House bills of
the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1052) to increase the pen-
sion of Annie A. Hays, widow of Brigadier
General Alexander Hays, who was killed in
the battle of the Wilderness, May 5, 1864 ;
An act (H. R. No. 1899) for the relief of
Captain David Beaty's company of indepen-
dent scouls;
An act (H. R. No. 2240) for the relief of
William Selden ; and
An aet (II. R. No. 2374) to authorize the
importation of a common road steam locomo-
tive free of duty.
indian al'pilopkiation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I submit the following
privileged report.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bi 11 (JT.R. No.1169) making appropriations for the ear-
rent and contingent expenses oi theludian depart-
ment, and for tulaihngtreaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,1871, and for
other purposes, having met,after tall and tree con-
ference, have been unable to agree.
A. A. SAUGENT,
Yv\ K. MB LACK,
HALBEltX R PAINE.
3rrt/i<?gcry oil the purt <>t (he Ilovse.
0. HOWE,
Manager* on tho pm t of lite donate,
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, the effort
to agree with the Senate on this proposition
has not been successful. I can say for myself
that during the whole week I have given this
subject my almost undivided attention. I have
been a great many hours in conference with
the chairman of the conference committee on
the part of the Senate, and a good many hours
with my co-conferees on the part of the House.
We have offered them everything except yield-
ing up the. point to which the House has ad-
hered steadily for the last three sessions. The
other day, when I reported the Senate amend-
ments to the Indian appropriation bill, and
asked for the vote of the -House, I expressly
called the attention of the House to, this state-
ment, and it will be found in the .Globe, that I
wished the members to understand that the
Senate had certain ideas in reference to their
powers and duties which I hoped the House
would not recognize, because they were incon-
sistent with the dignity and independence of
this branch of the Legislature ; and I asked the
House, in view of the contingency that the bill
might fail, to stand by the position it had already
taken, but if it did not intend to stand by the
opinions as then expressed to concur in the
amendments of the Senate. With this delib-
erate statement 011 my part the House non-
concurred in the amendments of the Senate,
and I have attempted to carry out that decision
of. the House in the committee of conference.
We have offered to vote all the money re-
quired by the treaties. We have proposed to
put the money in the hands of the President,
naming the tribes for whose benefit it is to be
expended, without inhibiting the use of it to
carry out those treaties, if he shallsee fit. But
the Senate requires that we shall, in so many
words, admit their power to make treaties,
compelling us to pay money now and hereafter;
and if wo do not accede to that they state the
bill shall fail. We proposed, as a last resort,
to take all the treaties heretofore ratified by
both branches of Congress, to take all the rest
of the bill except the part in reference to tho
treaties of 1867, and to do what we did last
year—put $2,000,000, or whateveramount may
necessary, into the hands of the President
and Indian commission, to be expended for the
benefit of the tribes named in those treaties.
Although it was the very thing the Senate did
last year, they refused it, saying in express
terms they were determined the House should
agree that the Senate had the power to make
these treaties binding upon the House. I
admitted that the Senate might make a treaty
which they could execute by themselves and
the Executive, but contended that where the
treaty called for an appropriation of money,
where the treaty required that money should
be taken out of the Treasury, and required the
action of the House, the assent of the House
was first necessary in order to give the treaty
any force or effect. If this were not so, then
any of the powers conferred upon Congress by
the Constitution might be executed by the Sen-
ate and President independent of this House,
under the pretense of making treaties, and
would be abandoned by the House. They
would be abandoned if the principle which the
Senate contends for was conceded.
Mr. ARCHER. I would ask the gentleman
from California if he does not believe that there
would be less danger in allowing the Senate to
appropriate money for treaties than in placing
So,000,000 at the disposal of any one man in
this country?
Mr. SARGENT. In answer to the gentle-
man's question 1 will say that under this ad-
ministration of the Senate in one year our
treaty obligations went up $2,500,000, and we
-were bound to pay that sum per year for thirty
years. When the House took its stand there
tvere other treaties pending before the Sen-
ate, which incieased the amount. They were
going on increasing the amounts at the rate of
82,0o0,000 a year, and disposing of whole
empires of land by pretended treaties, which
