520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Cincinnati, Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore,
New. Orleans, Portland, Chicago, Louisville,
and Evausville; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the. Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
charles c. id'craky.
Mr. HOLMAN alga introduced a bill(H.'R.
No; 858) for the relief of Charles C. MoCrary;
which was read a iirsj;' $nd second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
edward kindred.
Mr. CTJLLOM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
859) for the relief of Edward Kindred ; which
was read a first and second time, and, with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid. Pensions.
patent laws.
Mr. HAT introduced a bill (H. R. No. 8G0)
amendatory of the patent laws of the United
States; which was r£ad a first and second time,
and referred to the Comttiittee on Patents.
post routes in illinois.
Mr. HAT also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
830) to establish certain post routes in the
State of Illinois ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
public buildings, jefferson city.
Mr. BURDETT presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Missouri, in
reference to public buildings at Jefferson
city j which were referred ti) the Coinmittee on
Appropriations.
postage on newspaper manuscript.
Mr. WELLS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
831) to regulate the postage on newspaper man-
uscript; which was readafirstand second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
land grant to wisconsin.
Mr. SAWYER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
832) granting lands to the State of Wisconsin
in aid of the construction of a breakwater and
harbor and ship-canal at the head of Sturgeon
bay, in the county of Door, in said State, to con-
nect the waters of Green bay with those of Lake
Michigan, in said State; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
shipping commissioners.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
833) to authorize the appointment of shipping
commissioners by the judges of the several dis-
trict courts of the United States of America, to
superintend the shipping and discharge of sea-
men engaged in merchant ships belonging to
the United States, and forthe furtherprotection
of seamen ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to bo printed.
benjamin rogers.
Mr. WILKINSON introduced a joint resolu-
tion (EE. R. No. 114) for the relief of Benjamin
Rogers; which wa3 read afirst and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
postal telegraph, etc.
Mr. FITCH introduced a bill (H. R. No.
834) to abolish the franking privilege and pro-
viding for a postal telegraph ; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read at length, provides
that the franking privilege shall be abolished
from and after July 1,1870, and authorizes the
Postmaster General, after advertising as in
other cases, to contract with the lowest re-
sponsible bidders for the construction of tele-
graph lines over the principal mail routes of
the United States, and to establish a postal
.telegraph system in connection with the Post
Office Department; and he shall regulate the
charges upon telegraphing so that the revenues
of the same shall, as neatly as possible, equal
the current expenses for operating the same,
the construction account for any one year not
to exceed $3,000,000.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
post routes in nj5vada. ;
Mr. PITCH also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
835) to establish a post route in the State" of-
Nevada ; which wa3 read a first and second
time, and referred to the .Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
postal laws..
Mr. FITCH also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
836) to amend an act entitled " An act relative
to the postal laws," approved March 8,1803;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
coyotero apaciiis indians.
Mr. CHAVES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
837) establishing a reservation for $e Coyotero
Apache Indians; which was read a first and
second time, referrpd to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
mescal1sro apache indians.
Mr. CHAVES also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 838) establishing 4 reservation for the
Mescalero Apaehp Indian^;^whicli was. read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
salaries 01? judicial officers.
Mr. CHAVES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 839) to regulate the salaries of the chief
justice and associate justices in the Territory
of New Mexico; which was read afirst and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Territories.
legislative fund, etc.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, intro-
duced ajoint resolution (H. R. No. 115) relative
to the legislative fund of Washington Territory ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Territories.
organic law of colorado
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 840) amendatory of the organic law of
Colorado Territory, and for other purposes;
which was read afirst andsecond time, referred
to the Committee on Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
post roads in colorado.
Mr. BRADFORD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 841) to establish certain post roads in
the Territory of Golorado ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
private land claims in njbw mexico.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 110) to construe an act entitled
" An act to amend an act entitled ' An act to
confirm certain private laud claims within the
Territory of New Mexico ;' " which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
pension agents in territories.
Mr. SPINK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
842) authorizing the President of the United
States to establish an agency for the payment
of pensions in each of the Territories ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
post roads IN dakota.
Mr. SPINK also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 843) to establish certain post routes in the
Territory of Dakota; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
john cummins.
Mr. SHAFER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
844) for the relief of John Cummins, late col-
lector and disbursing agent of Idaho ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
. organic law op wyoming. ,
Mr. NUCKOLLS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 845) to amend an act entitled "An act to
proyide a territorial government for the Terri-
tory of Wyoming," approved June 25, 1868:
whieh was'read a first and second time, and
referred to the Cofnm jttee .on Territories.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States for
the introduction of bills afid joint resolutions
having been completed, the States will how be
called for resolutions- to be presented for con-
sideration at the present time. The eall on last
Monday rested at the State' of Ohio.
preservation of public property.
Mr. WELKER submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Expend-
itures be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing by law forthe proeuribg of aninventory
and the preservation of accounts of the public prop-
erty in the Departments and other public buildings
and grounds in this city, and to report by. bill or
otherwise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr.. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table. -
The latter motion was agreed to.
rules for debate.
Mr. VAN TRUMP submitted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Whereas tho right of free spcech in a legislative
assembly includes and comprehends an equality and
full participation in the known and legitimate means
of addressing such a body, without distinction of
subject or persons on the part of all its members,
and which inheres in the constituent through the
representative; andwhereasthsexistingrulesofthis
House, either from their intrinsic inefficiency or be-
cause they are misunderstood or are not strictly
enforced, do not furnish to all members' an equal
facility in obtaining the floor for the discussion of
the great questions of public policy and the rights of
the people presented for the deliberation arid action
of the House; and whereas, also, while it is emi-
nently just and proper that the members of a com-
mittee, upon reporting a bill to the House, should
havo a reasonable precedent-right to debate such a
bill, as being more thoroughly informed upon its
subject-matter and its facts, there is no fitness or
justice in any special arrangement, private or other-
wise, by which particular members outside of such
committee shall be entitled to the floorin preference
to and in exclusion of any or all "other members:
Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Committee on Bulcs be,
and t.hey are hereby, instructed to inquire into the
propriety and expediency of so amending the stand-
ing rules of the House or of reporting such addi-
tional ones as will sccure to all the members the
equal means of addressing the House.
The SPEAKER. This being a proposition
to change the rules of the House, una'nirnous
consent is necessary for its consideration at
the present time.
Mr. DICEEY. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the resolution goes over under the rules.
treaty with delaware indians;
Mr. STEVENSON submitted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
-Resolved by the House of Representatives, That the
Secretary of the Interior be directed to transmit to
the House a copy of the report of the special com-
missioner, M. H. Watson, of the Indian office, of
•luly, 18fet>, detailing the proceedings in the negotia-
tion of the treaty with the Delaware tribe of In-
dians, concluded July 4 of that year.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national labor union.
Mr. LAWRENCE submitted the following
