1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1833
the Government was fully established, as I
have said frequently it will be next year, when
vou will be paying specie for the demands on
'you. the" }'ou can make terms with these banks.
Vou have no right to drive them out of exist-
ence. The Senator from Massachusetts, with
exultation, said we can tax them out of exist-
ence. So could the tyrant have taken off his
head if there had been no law to protect him.
lint the law is here in favor of these people.
You persuaded, you coaxed them, and you
drove them to take your securities, and to go
into this business; and now you come forward
ami try to drive them again; and in addition
to the wrong you do them, as was so well and
wisely said by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hami.ix.] you raise a competition at home for
these very bonds which we pretend we are
going to get Europeans to take from us. Do
vou think that while this great banking inter-
est is compelled to take your bonds at four and
a half per cent, or four per cent, the people
of other countries will take them at a lower
rate? If you do you show great ignorance.
We ought to remember when we are passing
these bills that the great intellect of this coun-
try is a wise one. Men of business and of
sense, to say nothing of patriotism, are not
going to be destroyed at the fiat of a body
n Inch has the power to tax them out of exist-
ence.
I am not surprised that the Senator from
Ohio on the other side [Mr. Thurman] should
have made his speech, because that is the old
Democratic doctrine, todriveyourown business
out of existence and give it to foreign countries,
aud then the Democrats thrive! My motto
always has been, and I think that of the Repub-
lican party, give life to the industry and thought
and intelligence of this country ; help the men
who are willing to help themselves, and not
help only the men who expect to get office and
live off office. I am surprised, indeed, that the
Senator from Ohio on our side [Mr. Sherman]
should be joining hands with his colleague,
whose principles I have always thought were
so entirely different. The honorable Senator
to whom I am now alluding said there was no
appeal from banks in Ohio against this eighth
section. I think the appeal will come up when
lie wants them again. Has he sent his bill out
to the people and told them that in this funding
measure there is a clause which will drive all
the banks of Ohio out of existence, excepting
those in Cincinnati, and perhaps in Columbus?
Mr. SHERMAN. We have a railroad and
telegraph to every town in Ohio.
Mr. CAMERON. I know that, and I know
(hey are a brave and intelligent people ; but I
do not believe they have thought upon this
subject; and if I did not respect the chairman
so much I would say that I am afraid he has
not thought well on this subject; but I will not
say that, because he might regard that as an
improper imputation.
1 look on this question of funding the debt
as one in which the whole country is interested,
and the task is one which you cannot accom-
plish without these banks. It is perfectly fair
that you should drive the banks out of existence
if you think proper to do so. If you do you
will drive from you the agencies who caused
your great debt to be funded and did so much
for the country in its hour of peril.
I could say a great deal more on this sub-
ject, but I shall not do so. I shall content
myself with voting against this bill as it stands.
I do not believe, however, that so unjust a
section as that can be passed by this body. I
believe there are too many men here who have
toiled through all the troubles of this life which
business brings on them not to understand the
subject better than to do so. It might be very
well for banks in New York and Philadelphia
and Boston and Cincinnati and St. Louis, and
a few other places of that kind, to drive all the
country banks out of existence, because then
they would have all the profits of banking. In
that respect this is like the bill presented by
the same chairman two years ago, in which he
endeavored to make the country banks keep
their deposits in the large towns without receiv-
ing interest.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. I understood him to say a lit-
tle while ago that the national banks do not
discount, do not lend their money, and they
areinthatregardnoaccommodation to the pub-
lic. Now, if that be the case, why should they
not be taxed out of existence or put out of
existence in some other way?
Mr. CAMERON. I say you have the power
to tax them out of existence if you please, and
your whole system has been to take from thg
country banks the power of serving their neigh-
bors. They cannot do it now. Your tax, as
I have told you, was about four and a half per
cent, on the banks two years ago. Last year
it was about eight per cent., as 1 am told. You
are taxing them out of existence as fast as you
can, for the benefit of the large banks in the
large towns. Now, if the Senator has any more
questions to ask I shall be very glad to answer
them.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator is through
I should like to have a vote on this proposition
of the Senator from Massachusetts, so as to
have one vote before the recess. On that ques-
tion I know the Senator from Pennsylvania
agrees with me.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator knows
that he knows more than I do. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. According to your speech
you agree with me on the proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts. I ask for one
vote.
Mr. THURMAN. Ifthe Senator from Penn-
sylvania yields to me, I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania yield to the Senator
from Ohio ?
Mr. CAMERON. I do.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I make that motion.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes sixteen,
noes not counted.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, I give way to the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have one vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, to insert in the fourteenth line of
the eighth section the words "under the third
section of this act."
Mr. CORBETT. On that I have something
to say.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have a vote on
this.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. CORBETT. Very well; I yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Con-
necticut, to strike out all of the eighth section
after " 1864," in the eleventh line.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to make_ a few
remarks on this proposition ; but the time for
the recess is very near.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
having the recess antedated and now an-
nounced, as it is only three minutes of the
time. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to its being considered lialt past four?
The Chair hears no objection, and the Senate
takes a recess until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE SCRIP.
Mr. HOWE. As the Senate seems to be
thin, if the Senator from Ohio will not object,
I ask the Senate to proceed to the considera-
tion of Senate bill No. 93.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider the bill indicated by
him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Subject to a call for the
regular order, I suppose ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Subject to a call
for the regular ordor.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 93) legalizing certain loca-
tions of agricultural college scrip therein desig-
nated. _ It proposes to legalize all locations
of agricultural college scrip allowed prior to
December 1, 1867, at the several land offices
in the State of Wisconsin, in excess of the
maximum quantity authorized by the act enti-
tled "An act donating public lands to the
several States and Territories which may pro-
vide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
the mechanic arts," approved July 2, 1862;
and it authorizes the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office to issue patents upon such
locations; but they are to be in all other
respects legal and valid.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear this
bill explained.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desiretoask
the Senator from Wisconsin whether it varies
the amount of lands heretofore granted ?
Mr. HOWE. Not at all. It cannot possibly
do so. This scrip was issued to each State ac-
cording to the number of its representation,
and the States sold the scrip; and a quantity
of this scrip has been located in our State
greater than the act authorized, which was
one hundred thousand acres, I think. The
Legislature has consented to have it legalized,
and the purchasers of the scrip want to have it
legalized.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
J. R. CLARK.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate proceed
j to the consideration of Senate joint resolution
No. 94.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
! imous consent, the funding bill being regularly
i before the Senate. The Senator from Califor-
' nia asks unanimous consent to take up the joint
resolution indicated by him, subject to a call
j for the regular order.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
■ Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 94) for
j the relief of J. R. Clark.
| The Committee on Finance reported the joint
' resolution with an amendment: in Jin^.six, after
1 the word " California," to insert the follow-
: ing words, "under the provisions of section
twenty-five of the act approved June 30,1864,
entitled ' An act to provide internal revenue,
to support the Government, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes;"'
and in line twelve to strike out the words
"5,000" and to insert "4,500;" so that the
joint resolution will read:
Be it resolved, &c.. That the Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury be, and he is hereby, authorized to audit and
settle the accounts of J. It. Clark, late collector ot
internal revenue for the fourth collection district 01
California, under the provisions of section twenty-
five of the act approved June 30,1864, entitled An
act to provide internal revenue, to support the t*ov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public debt, and lor
other purposes;" and there is hereby appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, a sufficient sum, not exceeding $4,513 41),
to pay said Clark such amount as may be justly due
him tor services and disbursements in said onicc lor
the year ending June 30,1854.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have an
explanation of this resolution from the Senator
who reported it. .
Mr. COLE. The Senator who reported it is
not here now.
Mr. SHERMAN. This matter was consid-
