1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3721
and we distributed it throughout the. country
equitably.
Now, I understand that the estimates are
something like twelve million dollars. The
Committee on Commerce have not examined
this question and had it fully under consider-
ation ; and it does seem to me that the com-
mittee ought to examine these appropriations
and make some inquiry as to the necessity of
these works and where the greatest amount of
money is required, and have the appropriations
fairly distributed throughout the country. I
have no doubt that this is a great work, and it
is important that an appropriation for it should
be made; but it does seem to me that it is
proper for the Committee on Commerce to
have it under consideration and examine it,
and it should be put upon the general appro-
priation bill for rivers and harbors.
We all know the necessity of all these river
improvements, that it is necessary to have the
money to commence when the water is low.
That is the case with almost every river im-
provement that we have before us; and yet we
cannot put those appropriations upon this bill.
It seems to me, therefore, that all these ap-
propriations should be considered and determ-
ined upon with a view to how much we can
give to each work, and then make the division
accordingly. It seems to me that is the proper
way.
Mr. FOWLER. I think the Senator from
Oregon is perfectly right in his conclusion on
the subject. .We cannot put all these appro-
priations in this bill; therefore we will relieve
him from every one but this single one. We
ask this one.
Mr. DAYIS. I should say, in reply to the
question put by the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, that I live nearly one hundred
miles from Louisville, and I have not been in
that city for some six or eight months ; but I
learn upon authority that I give complete re-
liance to, that the work on this improvement
has been suspended because the means appro-
priated to it under the bill passed last session
are exhausted, and that to take up the work
and continue it requires the present proposed
appropriation of money. There is not an im-
provement in the United States anywhere that
requires so small a sum of money as is necessary
to complete this work, that is of so much pub-
lic importance, and that will yield such a large
and profitable return to the business and com-
merce and profits of tte country as this appro-
priation would. I do hope that the honorable
Senator will withdraw his opposition to it and
let it pass.
Mr. CAMERON. I think this is not the
place to make this appropriation. It ought to
go with the appropriations for rivers and har-
bors. It is only one of the great items in the
country that require aid, and there is no special
reason why we should go out of the way to put
on a general appropriation bill a sum so large
as this, nearly half a million dollars, to avoid
the difficulties at these falls. We have been
improving there for years; we have been spend-
ing money for over thirty years at the falls of
the Ohio, and every year a larger sum is want-
ing than the year before.
I shall probably vote for this appropriation
at the right time, but I shall vote against put-
ting it on this bill. I think we had better let
the appropriation bills be loaded with nothing
which is extraneous, nothing which is not legiti-
mately adapted to that place.
Mr. CORBETT. My impression is that last
year the estimate for the completion of this
work was a little over four hundred thousand
dollars; and of the $2,500,000 we appropri-
ated in bulk, a certain amount went to this
cacal; I do not know how much, but I saP"
pose, perhaps, a couple of hundred thousand
dollars. The Senator from Kentucky says
$150,000, he thinks.
Mr. DAVIS. That is my impression.
Mr. CORBETT. My impression is that a
little over four hundred thousand dollars was
estimated last year, and we gave one hundred
and fifty or two hundred thousand dollars prob-
ably for that canal during the past year, and
now we are asked for $450,000 more. This
ought to be examined into, it seems to me, by
the committee. I desire to do what is right by
this canal, and to give it a fair appropriation;
but it seems to me the committee ought to have
the opportunity to examine the question.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am very friendly to this
appropriation; but I fear very much if it is
made at this stage and in this bill we shall lose
the sympathy of the Senators from Ohio and the
Senators from Kentucky when the general
appropriation bill for rivers and harbors comes
up. We have, for instance, appropriations for
the upper Mississippi river in that bill, and I
should like to have this appropriation along
with others there. I should like to have them
travel hand by hand, as before.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend got passed a j
few, months ago, without any objection from
the Senators from Ohio and Kentucky, an
appropriation of $250,000 for the Mississippi
river, for an improvement precisely like this.
Mr. RAMSEY. Which was that ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Around the Des Moines
rapids. That was this session, when, if I had
chosen to pursue the same course now adopted
here, I might have moved this as an amend-
ment to that. I think the Senator from Min-
nesota was very anxious to have that passed.
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly I was friendly to
it; but on the general river and harbor bill we
all look for some assistance. That is not yet
before us. If Senators by getting this appro-
priation will withdraw their sympathies from
that bill, we shall probably fail.
Mr. DAYIS. I will remark to the Senator
from Minnesota that I voted at this session for
an appropriation to deepen the canal around
the falls of Des Moines in his river.
Mr. McCREERY. I am very glad that the
only objection I have heard urged to this meas-
ure is an objection to the place in which it is
proposed to make the appropriation. It is a
work as meritorious as any that will be brought
up for the consideration of this Congress.
The scope of country probably is wider; and
a greater amount of commerce passes through
this canal; and a greater number of people
will be benefited than by any appropriation
that this Congress will be called upon to make.
I am sorry to see that so many distinguished
Senators seem inclined to make the objection
that the appropriation does not come in the
proper place. If it is a proper appropriation,
if the wants of commerce and the wants of
the people demand it, I am sorry that Senators
are inclined to stickle upon a point as to the
place.
I hope that the Senate will stand up and
! give to this measure a vote commensurate with
its importance to the western people. From
i the iron mountains of Pennsylvania to the
; Gulf of Mexico every household, every family
is interested in this appropriation ; and I hope
that Senators will not hold out and say that
: this is not the proper place. That is stickling
! upon a point, and is unworthy of the consid-
; eration of this great question. I hope the
| Senate will pass the appropriation.
I Mr. CAMERON. Before this motion was
made I offered a little bit of an amendment to
I the bill, giving $250 to the widow of a member
i of Congress whom I knew here some twenty
years ago from Louisiana, a man whose elo-
quence was famed all over the western country
and whose hospitality was known all over this
city; and now his widow is here, with two highly
| educated and accomplished daughters, living
by her labor as a translator. She did service
for the agricultural bureau to the amount, of
$350 and she received but $100. I offered an
amendment to this bill to allow her the $250
now due to her, to enable her to pay her rent.
It was objected to by various persons here ;
and immediately afterward the Senator from
Ohio, because, I suppose, of his high position
as chairman of the Committee on Finance, rose
and offered an amendment giving $450,000 for
a particular object, and which would not have
been listened to at all probably if it had been
$450 or $4,500.
I know a great deal about the falls of the
Ohio. As long ago as 1831, going down that
river to Louisiana, I stopped three days at
Louisville. Seeing its importance, and having
' an engineer with me, I had an estimate made
of the cost of making an additional canal
j around the falls, and also an estimate of the
! cost of a railroad around the falls, and there-
fore I know pretty well what ought to be spent
there to make it useful to the country. I do
not know how much has been spent since;
probably some millions of dollars; and they
are crying now for as much a3 they did then.
Since that time the whole system of railroads
has been brought into use. There was not a
railroad at that day of one hundred miles in
extent; there was none except the little Man-
chester railroad in England, of, I think, thirty
miles. The system of railroads has made the
navigation of the falls much less useful to the
country now than it was then. At that time
everything going into Missouri had to go down
to the mouth of the Ohio river, and then go
up the Mississippi by boat, taking a long jour-
ney. I remember very well that some people
from the town in which I live, Harrisburg,
went out to St. Louis, and it took them six
weeks to get there. Now you go by rail acroSs
the country in about three days.
I am in favor of making all the appropriations
necessary for the proper improvement of the
country, necessary for the proper facilities of
trade and navigation and intercourse through-
out the country ; but I want them done upon
reflection, and I do not think this is the time,
i in this stage of an appropriation bill and at
this time of the night, to pass an appropriation
of $450,000 to get around these falls. I want an
appropriation for the Susquehanna river. We
have spent $40,000,000 in our State in trying
to make our river navigable, and it is yet not
navigable. Now, I want an appropriation of
some few hundred thousand dollars to begin
the navigation from tide-water, which is Havre
de Grace, forty miles up, to Columbia, which
will improve all that country, and which is as
much needed as any improvement that can be
made upon the Ohio. Thirty or forty years
ago you could not get down the Ohio river on
i a large steamboat. Now, it is not necessary
I to have such large boats as then, because you
t can break bulk at Louisville. By the way, the
; I Senators from Kentucky are not so much inter-
| ested is this as they think, because Louisville
! was built up by the breaking of bulk at that
place. There would never have been anything
beyond a hamlet there if it had not been for
the belief that passing down the river and com-
ing up the river everything had to change at
: Louisville. That was the reason it was first
■ I selected, and that is the reason why it has be-
come the flourishing city which it is now. I
, think I shall be likely to vote for this after a
! while, but I shall not vote for it to-night.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I regret ex-
tremely that the Senator from Ohio has moved
i this amendment to this bill. I have voted for
appropriations for this work a great many
times, and if I remain a member of this body,
and appropriations are asked to improve the
, Ohio river, I slmll continue to vote for them ;
but not in this contingency, not to put them
ji upon an appropriation bill. The difference
between meurn and tuum is very broad, and I
ii would be very much pleased to see the Sen-
ator from Ohio defending the appropriation
bill to-night if any gentleman should offer an
appropriation like this to go upon it. I think
he would treat the proposition not quite so
! mildly as does my colleague; but that he would
ii assail it with a good deal more of vigor, be-
