1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
resolution, on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved. That the president and committee on
address of the National Labor Union, now met in
Washington ya business of the association, bo re-
quested by this House to procure, by some member
Of their association, the delivery of an address on
the principles and objects of their association in tho
Hall 01 thi3 House, on some evening in the present
week to be determined by the Speaker of the House,
and that this House will take part in any ceremonies
to be observed at that time.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order,
the gentleman, from. Ohio [Mr. Lawrence]
having demanded the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. Is not this resolution in con-
flict with a rule of the House ?
The SPEAKER. There is a rule on the
subject; but in the opinion of the Chair the
resolution comes within the rule. The Clerk
will read Rule 155.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The Hall of the House shall not bo used for any
other purpose than the legitimate business of the
House, nor shall the Speaker entertain any proposi-
tion to use it for any other purpose or for the suspen-
sion of this rul e: Provided, That this shall not inter-
fere with the performance of divine service therein,
under the direction of the Speaker, or with the use
of the same for caucus meetings of the members, or
, on occasions where the House may by resolution
agree to take part in any ceremonies to be observed
therein."
The SPEAKER. The resolution contem-
plates that the House shall take part in the
ceremonies proposed, and therefore it comes
within the purview of the rule.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 28, noes 63; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Lawrence and Mr.
Dawes.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 52, noes 70.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. DAWE.S. I rise to debate the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts rises to debate the resolution, and
it goes over, under the rule.
EXPENSES OF TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Be if resolved, That the Secretaryof the Treasury
be and is hereby directed to furnish the following
information to Congress:
First. The amount paid to the several bank-note
companies in New York, Philadelphia, and elsewhere
for printing notes, bonds, and fractional currency
since and including the year 1862.
Second. The amount paid to Adams Express Com-
pany for transporting bonds, notes, and fractional
currency from New York and Philadelphia to Wash-
ington ; and also to transmit to this House a copy of
the contract with said company under which said
payments were made.
Third. The number ofclerks and their names, other
than chief clorkb of bureaus of that Department,wno
have received more than $1,800 per annum since the
year 1866, and those who are now receiving more than
that amouut, and their duties.
Fourth. A coitified copy of tho pay-rolls of all the
cicrks and other employes, and employes of that De-
partment employed in Washington, on which pay-
ments were made or authorised to bo made for tho
month of December, 18u9.
Fifth. Tho amount received by the Treasury De-
partment for machinery, material, and property sold
or disposed of by that Department sinco and includ-
ing tho year 18G2. and the original cost of the same.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and undfir the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. MORGAN" moved to reconsider the vote
by wliieh the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
distilled spirits.
Mr. BECK submitted the folio wing resolution,
on which he demanded the previous question :
llesolved. That tho Commissioner of InternalRev-
enue be requested, if not incompatible with the
good of the public service, to inform the House what
increase or deerenso there ho.s been in the manufac-
ture otdistilled spirits, other than high.-wines, during
the present distilling season, as compared with the
same time during the years 1868-69; giving the inform-
ation he has as to the relative amount that will
probably be distilled from the present time till the
close of the distilling season, as compared with last
year; stating the causes which in his opinion operate
to produce the differences he may report, the dis-
tilled spirits specially inquired about being that class
of liquors generally known as Bourbon and rye whis-
kies, and put upin original packages at not exceeds
ing ten degrees above proof.
Mr. DAWES. The resolution should read
"directed" and not "requested."
Mr. BECK. I will so modify my resolu-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BECK moyed to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BAY OF NAVAL OfMCERS.
Mr. TRIMBLE submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to report to this House when
and by what authority the pay and emoluments, or
either, of the officers of the United States Navy have
been increased; the annual amount of the increase,
and its total amount since the increase was made.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. TRIMBLE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the resolution to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EDUCATION IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. ARNELL submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Education be
directed to communicate to this Houso all informa-
tion in his possession which heshall deem important
with reference to the existing system of public edu-
cation in the District of Columbia, together with
such suggestions in reference thereto as he may deem
proper, for the immediate information of Congress.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
united states court-iiouse, indianapolis.
Mr. COBURN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read,coasidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to furnish this House information as to the
necessity of an addition to the United States court-
house and post office in Indianapolis, Indiana.
INCREASE OF SALARIES.
Mr. ORTH submitted tho following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That in the opinion of this House a strict
regard to public economy requires that there should
be no increase in the salaries or emoluments of any
public officers or employes of tho Government.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on tlie table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
eyansville harbor.
Mr. NIBLACK submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Appropriations
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
appropriating $50,000 for the improvement of the
harbor of the Ohio river at Evansville, Indiana, and
to report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded aud the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
HARBOR 05' MICHIGAN CITY.
Mr. PACKARD submitted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo directed
to transmit, for the information of this House, any
documents in- reports in his possession not. included
in his annual report which relate to improvements
in the harbor of Michigan city, Indiana.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to,
COST OE FOREIGN SQUADRONS. :
Mr. JULIAN submitted the following res-
olution, on which lie dejhanded/the previous
question: - •
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to inform thiss House.at what annual cost
each foreign, squadron has been maintained for each
on the same; also to report what American vessels
or American citizens have received aid or.proteetion
within that time from the Navy. ■ '
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will state the facts on which his
resolution is based.
The SPEAKER. .Debate is not in order.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. HOLMAN submitted the following reso-
lutions, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That while paper money constitutes" the
currency of theeountry tho Benefits and-profits of pro-
viding such a currency ought to accrue to the whole
people of the United States; and to this end, and to
equalize as far as may be the currency, the notes issued
by the national banks ought to be withdrawn and a
corresponding amount of United Statesnotes, legal-
tender money, issued in lieu thereof and applied
toward the liquidation of tho national debt; and
the Committee on Banking and Currency is instructed
to report a bill to carry into effect the principles above
expressed.
Resolved, That this House disapproves of the policy
of the Secretary of the Treasury in purchasing five-
twenty bonds at a premium, the right of the United
States to pay such bonds in United States notes, law-
ful money, being clear and unquestioned.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 39, noes 76.
So the previous question wa« not seconded.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to debate
the resolutions.
The resolutions went over, under the rule.
bridges battery association, chicago.
Mr. JUDD introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 117) authorizing the Secretary of War
to place at the disposal of the Bridges Battery
Association at Chicago, Illinois, certain cap-
tured ordnance; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill authorizes and direets the Secretary
of War to place at the disposal of the Bridges
Battery Association at Chicago, Illinois, ten
captured twelve-pounder guns of obsolete pat-
terns, now condemned and in store at the Rock
Wand arsenal, to be placed around a large
and beautiful lot in Rosehill Cemetery, at Chi-
cago, Illinois.
Mr. JUDD. I demand the previous question
on the engrossment and third reading of the
bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. JUDD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
currency and banking capital.
Mr. INGERSOLL submitted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House, from the best sources
of information accessible, tho amount of banKing
capital in the several States in the month of Decem-
ber, 1860; and also the aggregate amount of currency
in circulation in all the States at that time, stating
ttic various kinds of currency and the amount ot each
kind; and, further, to report the amount and kind
of currency in circulation at this time.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That is all
in the public documents now.
