4666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
Mr. ELA. On the river, above Cairo.
Mr. POX. What is the amount necessary
to cover the loss?
Mr. ELA. The claim is that the loss on the
vessel and machinery amounted to somewhere
in the vicinity of $35,000.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. This
joint resolution merely refers the case to the
Court of Claims for trial there. We do not
by the resolution pass in any way upon the
amount, and merely send the claim to the Court
of Claims.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. ELA moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
j. p. p. CAMP.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass, the bill (S. No. 513)
remitting tax erroneously assessed upon one
hundred and fifty gallons of whisky belonging
to J. P. P. Camp, of Spartanburg, South Car-
olina.
The bill was read. It proposes to remit the
sum of $300 internal revenue tax erroneously
assessed April, 1867, upon one hundred and
fifty gallons of whisky owned by J. P. P. Camp,
of Spartanburg, South Carolina.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to hear
some explanation of this case. If there is a
report upon the case let it be read.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. There is no report
accompanying the bill. There is an affidavit
and petition; and several other papers. I will
state very briefly the facts of the case. At the
time this whisky was first in Camp's posses-
sion there was no revenue officer in the neigh-
borhood, and he made no report. As soon as
one was appointed he reported, and his whisky
was assessed. Through ignorance he took that
whisky to a house near by, in order to sell it
with some more which he had bought, wishing
to get money enough to pay his tax. The Gov-
ernment officers seized all that whisky and the
quantity which he had purchased besides, and
sold it; and the proceeds of the sale went into
the hands of the Government, so that they got
the whisky on which the tax was assessed, and
also the additional quantity which he had
bought. Now he asks to be relieved from the
assessment-. There is no question at all that
the claim is a correct one. The Government
has had the whole of the whisky, and there was
no intention of wrong upon his part. I think
the case is perfectly clear.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman from
Illinois has given us, I think, a very good rea-
son why this bill should not pass. This was
whisky which had not paid the tax. This
party attempted to sell it in violation of the
law, and it was seized by the revenue officers
while being offered for sale. It strikes me
that the facts stated afford the best reason why
this bill should not pass. I would say, also, that
this House ought not to pass such bills without
some report from a committee, without some
evidence upon which the House may base its
action. I understand that in this case there is
no report—nothing upon which this House can
act intelligently beyond the petition of certain
parties. 1 presume those same parties would
petition for a repeal of all taxes assessed
against whisky.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Moore] has
staled the facts on his responsibility as a mem-
ber of the House and a member of the com-
mittee. I consider that a statement so made
by the gentleman is a sufficient basis for our
action, as much so as if it were put upon paper
iu the form of a report.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. The facts I have
stated are on record in the papers which have
been sent over from the Senate along with the
bill. And I would say further, that there is
every evidence that this gentleman is an hon-
est, clever, upright man, and that in what he
did he was acting in good faith to raise the
money. His mistake was in taking the whisky
to the market and not knowing that it was
necessary to have a stamp on it, and when he
got there the Government officers seized it.
He does not complain at all of the loss of the
whisky, but desires that he shall not have to
pay the tax on it, inasmuch as the Government
got it and there was no evil intent on his part.
The evidence in this regard is complete, and
all the facts I have stated are in the papers
which I have sent up with the bill, and which
the Clerk can read if gentlemen desire it.
Mr. ALLISON. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Illinois what the Government
did with the whisky? •
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. The Government
sold the whisky, and the money went into the
Treasury.
Mr. ALLISON. For what purpose—to pay
the tax?
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. They took the
whisky, condemned it, and sold it.
Mr. ALLISON. Although this may be a
meritorious case, it seems to me that if we
establish a precedent of this kind we will find
many cases presented which are not so merit-
orious.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. In this case it
was a mere mistake on the part of the individ-
ual. There is no question about the facts, and
now the question is, shall he be held respon-
sible for that little error of his, being an honest,
upright, and correct man?
Mr. MAYNARD. As I understand it, this
occurred immediately upon the organization
of the internal revenue system in South Caro-
lina?
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. Well, then, this party
probably knew nothing about it. I know very
well that it was a long time before the people
there understood the system. It was a new
system, and if this man honestly and in good
faith intended to observe the law, and was
taking the liquor away to sell in order to pay
the tax to the Government, it seems that he
ought to be relieved.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. The claimant
himself went and reported this small amount
of whisky to the Government officer as soon
as he knew that there was one.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to enforce the
suggestion of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison.] This is opening the door to let in
claims for a good many millions by persons
who will establish their good character, and
who honestly believe that they were innocently
mistaken. But at the time to which the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] has
alluded I happened to be going through South
Carolina, and I remember at Aiken seeing
the largest number of copper and other stills
that I ever saw together in my life. General
Sickles, then in command in that neighbor-
hood, had a few United States collectors going
around hunting among the people of South
Carolina, who were innocently making the mis-
take of manufacturing whisky and putting it
off in all shapes and forms. I think I saw
thirty or forty stills ; and I think that if you
open this door it may cost you millions as you
set that precedent.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I think that this
case is so perfectly clear that there is no neces-
sity of making any further statement about it.
It does seem to me that no one would desire
that this man should be held responsible for
an act which he committed in good faith. I
call the previous question on the passage of
the Kill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to lay the bill
on the table, bel-ieviug that- every man who
goes into the whisky business had better make
himself familiar with the law before going
into it.
The question was put on Mr. Benjamins
motion ; and there were—ayes thirty-two, noea
not counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE, oflllinois, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jane a. green.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2281)
for the relief of Mrs. Jane A. Green, of Aurora,
Illinois; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause to be delivered to Mrs.
Jane A. Green, of Aurora, Illinois, a ten-forty
coupon bond, No. 5259, under the act of
March 3,1864, of the denomination of $1,000,
and with the coupons thereon unpaid after
September 1, 1864, in lieu of an original bond
owned and possessed by her and destroyed by
fire May 1, 1865, provided that the said Jane
A. Green shall first execute and deliver a suf-
ficient bond of indemnity to the United States,
to be approved and filed by the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. MAYNARD. We ought to have some
statement in these cases, otherwise a great
many persons will get relief who imagine that
they have had bonds burned, whereas they
may have merely been displaced, put within
the leaves of a Bible or some other place sup-
posed to be secure. What are the facts ?
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. Let the report
be read.
The report was read, and states that the
claimant was the owner and possessor of a ten-
forty coupon bond, No. 5359, issued in pur-
suance of the act of March 3, 18G4, for $1,000,
on which the coupons were collected and paid
to September 1, 1864 ; that on the 1st of May,
1865, said bond and the coupons attached
were destroyed by fire at the burning and
destruction of Hutching's Hotel, in Geneseo,
Henry county, Illinois ; that these facts appear
from sufficient evidence, corroborated by a
report in writing from the Treasury Depart-
ment ; that the committee recommend that
relief be granted on filing with the Secretary
of the Treasury a satisfactory bond of indemnity
to the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE, oflllinois, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ISAAC BLOCKER.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2282) for
the relief of Isaac Blocker ; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the pay-
ment of $165 70 to Isaac Bloeher, of Greene
county, Ohio, for clothing, pay, and allowance
as a soldier during his imprisonment by the
enemy during the late war, having been cap-
tured and imprisoned after his discharge on
and between October 18, 1864, and March 1,
1805.
