5810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
peace with various Indian tribes for the year
ending Jane 30, 1871, and for other purposes,
was received, and passed.
IIAItUIET R. PARKER.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take up and consider the amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the House No. 1669,
for the relief of Harriet B. Parker. The Com-
mittee oil Commerce recommend that the
amendments of the Senate be concurred iu.
Mr. SARGENT. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I expected the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargent] would
object.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to it because it is
a fraud.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is not a fraud.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to it because it is
not a report of the Committee on Commerce,
and it is an attempt to get the bill through the
House by surpiise.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Not at all. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the amend-
ments of the Senate be concurred in; and I
ask that the amendments of the Senate be read.
The amendments of the Senate were read.
Those to the first section were to strike out
"is" in the first line and to insert " widow,
and the legal representatives of William II.
Parker are;" in the second line to strike out
•'her husband" and insert " the said ;" and
iu line six to strikeout "south" and insert
"north;" so that the section, as amended,
will read:
_ Be it. enacted by the Senate and Home of lieprcsenta-
iiveft of the United Statesof America in Congress axsem-
bled. That Harriet E. Parker, widow, and the legal
representatives of William 11. Parker, are hereby
declared to be entitled to all the rights which the
said William K. Parker, deceased, may have had as
discoverer to two small islands in the north Pad iio
oceiui. called Johnson's 'i.ml Agnes's Islands, situated
in latitude 16° 40' north, and longitude 169° 20' west.
The Senate also propose a substitute for the
second section of the House bill, providing that
twelve months from the passage of the act are
allowed to the said Harriet E. Parker and the
legal representatives of William H. Parker to
perfect the proof before the said Department
of the discovery of the islands mentioned in the
first section of this act; and that when such
proof shall be made to the satislaction of the
Department, and upon the Department being
satisfied that at the time of the discovery or
occupation thereof the said islands were not in
the possession or occupation of any other Gov-
ernment, or of the citizens of any other Govern-
ment, the said widow and legal representatives
of the said William H. Parker shall be entitled
to the benefit of the act of Congress of August
18, 1856, to authorize protection to be given to
citizens of the United States who may discover
deposits of guano, in the same manner and to
the same extent that the said William H.
Parker would have been entitled to it had he
perfected his proof according to the provis-
ions of said act; and that upon giving bond,
as required thereby, the said widow and legal
representatives and their assigns may remove
guano from the said islands during the pleas-
ure of Congress, according to the requirements
and provisions of said act. But that nothing
iu the act is to be construed to prejudice the
fight, or claim of any person claiming an inter-
est iu the guano under any contract or agree-
ment with Parker. No party entitled uuder
the act is ever to be allowed to charge for guano
more than one half the prices named in the act
of August 18, 1856.
Mr. WELKER. I ask that theoriginal House
bill be read.
The bill was read. In the first section it
declares Harriet E. Parker entitled to all the
rights which her husband, William H. Parker,
deceased, may have had as discoverer to two
small islands in the south Pacific ocean, called
JoSnsott'sand Agnes's Islands, situated in lati-
tude 16° 467 north, and longitude 169° 20' west.
The second section allows Mrs. Parker twelve
mouths from the passage of the aet to perfect
title to the same, and provide for and secure
her interests therein as if the same had been
done by William H. Parker, deceased, in his
lifetime.
The question was taken "on the motion of
Mr. Inukrsoll to suspend the rules and con-
cur in the amendments of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
two thirds have not voted in the affirmative.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for a division.
Is it not in order for me to make au explana-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. Not without unanimous
consent.
The question being taken by a division, there
were—ayes OS, noes 47.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Clarke of
Kansas, and Mr. Axtell were appointed.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, is it in order
to move to lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. Not while the motion to
suspend the rules is pending.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 03, noes 61.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
national asylum ifoit disabled soldiebs.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary a bill (H. R. No. 2414) ceding certain
jurisdiction to the State of Ohio; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, relinquishes on
the part of the United States and cedes to the
State of Ohio the jurisdiction over the place
purchased for the location of, and now occu-
pied by the National Asylum for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers, under and by virtue of the
act of Congress of March 8, 1865, incorpor-
ating a national military and naval asylum for
the relief of the totally disabled officers and
men of the volunteer forces of the United
States, and the act of March 21, 1866, amend-
atory thereof. The United States is to claim
or exercise no jurisdiction over the place after
the passage of the act. Nothing in the act is
to be construed as impairing the powers and
rights over said territory heretofore conferred
upon the board of managers of the national
asylum aforesaid.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rights of indian children.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The Committee
on Indian Affairs have directed me to report
back a joint resolution which they are author-
ized to report at any time—joint resolution
S. R. No. 34, authorizing the Committee on
Indian Affairs to appoint guardians or trustees
for minor Indian children.
The joint resolution was read. The pre-
amble recites that many Indians served in the
Federal Army, some of whom died in the ser-
vice and others since, leaving minor heirs ; that
there is no provision of law by which those
minor Indians can obtain bounties, back pay,
or other benefits to which their ancestors were
entitled. The joint resolution then goes on to
provide that the Commissionerof Indian Affairs
is hereby authorized and empowered to appoint
guardians or trustees of any of said minors and
take bond and security for the performance of
said duties, and said guardians and trustees
shall be authorized to collect from thfi Govern-
ment all such back pay, bounties, or pensions
to which said minors niay be entitled, and
expend the same for the use and benefit ol said
minors with the consent and under the direc-
tion of any court of record in the United States,
or any Territory having jurisdiction at the place
where such minors may reside, provided that
the provisions of the foregoing resolution shall
not apply to the Cherokee, Creek. Choctaw,
Chickasaw, or Seminole nations of Indians, <>v
conflict in any manner with the treaties of
1866 with t.hose nations.-
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. This is reported
back from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and, if there be any objection to it, I will make
a brief statement of the reasons why it should
be passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to the report
being made at this time.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. The committee
have authority to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution is
indorsed with authority to report at any time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Has the committee ever
considered the proposition?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. It has been con-
sidered by the Committee on Indian'Affairs.
If the gentleman will keep quiet I will make
my statement.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to any state-
ment, and I will not keep quiet unless I am
satisfied this is all right.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker,
this joint resolution simply applies to one com-
pany of half-breed Indians of the ninth regi-
ment of Kansas cavalry, which regiment served
during the war. The acts of Congress pro-
viding for back pay, bounty, and pensions
make no distinction between white, black, or
red soldiers or their heirs ; but the law officer
of the Treasury has decided there is no law
authorizing the appointing of guardians for
minor heirs of Indians not citizens of the
United States. This resolution is intended to
authorize the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to appoint such guardians for minor heirs be-
longing to tribes not subject to the operation
of the municipal laws of any Territory or
State. The Secretary of the Interior has been
in the habit of appointing guardians for such
minor heirs and requiring a bond of such
guardian, but the law officer of the Treasury
holds that he does so without warrant of law.
As I have stated, this applies to only one
company of half-breed Indians, who served in
the ninth Kansas cavalry. It does not include
any of the Indians who served in the Indian
territory south of Kansas, belonging to the
first, second, third, fourth, and fifih Indian
regiments. The Cherokees, Creeks, Choctaws,
Chiekasaws, and Seminoles are expressly ex-
cluded. This company to which it applies
served during the entire war with credit to
themselvesand to the Government. The money
to be paid to these Indians is to be paid under
the direction of a court of record.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What kind of a court
of record, United States or State court?
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. If permitted, I
will now move that the House adjourn.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to insert these
words: " Indians serving in the ninth regi-
ment of Kansas cavalry;" so as to apply only
to the Indians to whom the gentleman has
referred.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered
to athird reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
soldiers' monument.
Mr. BARNUM. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution (H. 11. No. 382)
granting condemned ordnance to the Soldiers'
Monument Association.
The joint resolution authorizes and directs
the Secretary of War to deliver to the Ladies'
Soldiers' Monument Association of the city of
Bridgeport, Connecticut, eight pieces of con-
demned cannon, to be used in the erection of a
monument in the Seaside Park, Bridgeport,
