3722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
cause in all its relations it is inappropriate |
and does not belong upon this bill. It is ill- |
timed. I appeal to those who have stood with j
me here lor long years, the friends and the i
ardent defenders of appropriations for rivers :
and harbors. My name is recorded in the |
records of this body in votes which 1 have
always uniformly given to improve the western
Jakes, rivers, and harbors. But, sir, I insist
that it is ill-advised by the friends who would
see these improvements progress all over the
laud to wrest one from its appropriate position
and seek to place it here.
Now, sir, I have not footed the estimates, but
I understood the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce to say that they amounted in gross
to about twelve million d.ollars. This is the
full amount recommended by the engineer in
charge for this work, $450,000. Is it supposed
by any Senator here that we are at any time to
pass in one year an appropriation that shall
amount to $12,000,000'/ And is it just that
one appropriation shall be taken at its maximum
estimate and put upon this bill, and others
scaled still lower in your river and harbor bill,
when that bill shall come before us, when ithas
been examined and received the consideration
of a committee, so that they may know how
justly to appropriate this money all over the
country? I think not.
Why. sir, you say we have appropriated here
in a bill by itself, not in an appropriation bill,
a sum of $250,000 for the Des Moines rapids
as atemporary appropriation; but the estimates
for that very improvement are $1,000,000 in
the book I hold ip ray hand; .and ifyou scale
$1,000,000 by one quarter of that sum, what is
the sum which you should appropriate for the
falls at Louisville ? These are matters that ought
to have the consideration and the attention
of a committee, so that whatever may be the
aggregate of appropriations that we shall make
shall l>e just to the various portions of the
country. Look at the appropriations that are
asked to improve the navigation around Hurl
Gate and the approaches to New York, over
which more' commerce passes than over any
channel in the broad land. Take all these
large appropriations, eminentlyjust, eminently
proper. If one appropriation should go here,
bo should another, and then when you come
to the smaller appropriations, they may be just
as important to the localities as those which
are larger and which embrace a broader com-
merce ; but they are scaled on a basis which
makes that amount equally litting to the local-
ity where they belong.
Sir, as a long and earnest and consistent
friend of river and harbor improvements, T :j ing
protest against this method of forcing this
appropriation upon this bill; and if it does go
there the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce will fail to do his duty, as 1 know he
will not, if he does not offer every item in those
estimates that we may have them stand side by
aide and share together the same success or
the same defeat.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is an amendment in
order at this stage ?
the estimates of the engineer department for
this year, amounting in gross to §7,701,900.
Thisisthe very same estimate that the $450,000
was in for this canal around the falls ol the
Ohio. If the Senate decides to take the esti-
mates as they come from the board of engin-
eers, then I desire that they shall take them
all; a,nd I now move that this be added as an
amendment to the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. I want the amendment
reported; I should like to see h*ow it is written.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will cut this leaf out
of the book of estimates and present it. It will
not take me more than a quarter of a miuute
to offer it in regular parliamentary order.
Mr. SHERMAN. It must be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations at least one day.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will ask the Chair
whether it is in order as I offer it. If not, I
desire to give notice now that I shall offer it to-
morrow, and then I shall move an adjournment,
that I may have an opportunity.
Mr. POMEROY. Doyou want now to refer
it to the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. This does not come under
the rule that requires amendments to appro-
priation bills to be referred to the Committee
on Appropriations one day before they are
offered. That applies where they come from
a committee, but this has come as an estimate
from the head of a Department. Estimates
from the heads of Departments do not need to
be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions one day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
decide upon the language of the rule. The Chair
does not know what the intention was, but the
language of the rule will strike the Senate
when the Chair states it. As he stated pre-
viously, there are four different ways in which
amendments can be moved to appropriation
bills. The first is " to carry out the provisions
of some existing law.'' The obvious reason
is that the law has already passed, and there-
fore itis right to move an appropriation to carry
it out. The second is, " or some act or reso-
lution previously passed by the Senate during
that session." That is, an aot which has not
yet passed the House of Representatives ; but
having passed the Senate, the Senate are ap-
prised of its importance, and they therefore
have the right to move an appropriation to carry
out that act, upon the hypothesis that probably
it will be passed by the other House. The
thirdis, "or moved by the direction of astand-
ingor select committee of the Senate." That
Certainly, the
The VICE PRESIDENT.
amendment is amendable.
Mr. CHANDLER. An amendment to the
amendment would be in order, would it not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would.
Mr. CHANDLER. I then move as an
amendment the whole of the engineer's esti-
mates for this year. They are for Cleveland,
Ohio; Sandusky, Ohio; Buffalo, New York ;
Muskegou, Michigan ; South Haven, Michi-
gan ; Milwaukee, Wisconsin ; Sheboygan, Wis-
consin ; Providence, Rhode Island ; Hudson
river, New York, &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
send his amendment to the desk to be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. That has not been re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations, as
mine has been.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, I desire to move
does not limit anything from a standing or
select committee to the estimates of the De-
partment. An amendment can be moved by a
committee, though not included in the estimates
| themselves. The fourth is, '' or in pursuance
of an estimate from the head of some of the
| Departments." That is the clause of the rule
under which the Senator from Ohio has moved
his amendment. The latter part of the rule is:
! "All amendments to general appropriation bills
j reported from committees of the Senate proposing
new items of appropriation shall, one day before they
! are offered, be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations."
That seems to limit the reference to the
Committee on Appropriations of those amend-
ments which are moved by direcion of a
standing or select committee of the Senate,
and which are not embraced in the other three
propositions; that is, in compliance with a
law already passed, in compliance with an act
which has passed the Senate, or in compliance
with the estimates of a head of a Department.
If moved by direction of a standing or select
committee ofthe Senate, and not coming within
the provisions of the other three authorities in
this rule, then they must be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations; and the reason
for that seems to be obvious, because they are
subjects which have not jet been before the
Senate in any way, either by the passage of a
law through both branches, by the passage of
a bill through this branch, or by the estimate'?
made by the Departments and printed, and laid
on the de^ks of members.
The last part of the rule requires amend-
ments to the general appropriation bills re-
ported from committees of the Senate, propos-
ing new items of appropriation, to be, one day
before they are offered, referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and therefore, as
this amendment is in pursuance of an estimate
from, the head of a Department, the Chair
thinks it is in order without being referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I offer this as an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, being the estimate of the engineer
department. 1 offer it myself. It does not
come from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I desire to reply
in a few words to the proposition. It is nat-
ural that a proposition in which our constit-
uents are interested should excite attention ;
and this my people are very much interested
in. But I have been somewhat surprised at
the mode in which this appropriation, admitted
on all hands to be proper, has beeu received
by the Senate. Here is an appropriation that
there is not a single member of this Senate,.
who would under any circumstances vote for
any appropriation for a public work, but what
admits the absolute necessity of it. It comes
to us with every sanction that |s possible an
appropriation can come with. It comes^o us
under circumstances when immediate action
is shown and admitted to be necessary.
Here we are met by points of objection ; and
what are they? It is said that it ought to be
put on some other bill. Why was that point
not made when the honorable Senator from
Vermont put on this bill $500,000 to extend
the Capitol grounds, when that was not the
place for such an appropriation ? Why was it
not made when it was proposed to start a new
building for the State Department, costing
$6,000,000, when this legislative bill was not
the place for that, and when there is a special
bill for that?
,^j. Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
j will pardon me. I know he would not mis-
l! represent what was done by myself in relation
'j to the State Department. The State Depart-
j ment, building proposed by the Committee on
! Public Buildings and Grounds only called for
$500,000 this year, and to complete it prob-
ably not exceeding $500,000 more.
Mr. SHERMAN. The style of the building
of which it is a part—it is only one wing-
when completed, will, it is admitted, cost over
$0,000,000, because the Treasury Department,
which is a less costly building than the plan
! proposed, cost $6,500,000 when expenses were
' much less than they are now.
I Now, how does this proposition look, when
it is remembered that the honorable Senator
j! from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] rose here
!• and offered an amendment to explore the North
i sea; to send some of our enterprising citizens
j away off to an unknown region on a five years'
voyage, to live on whale oil among Greenland-
ers and Esquimaux; and that was put on this
bill without this point of objection being made ?
Here is an improvement, in which ten millions
of our own country are intimately interested,
j which the committees of both Houses and the
Executive Departments favor; and now we are
met with flaws and objections that this is not
the particular place, and that this must help
log-roll $12,000,000 for the improvement of
rivers and harbors in some remote region.
Mr. President, it seems to me that that is
not the way to treat a'proposition of this kind.
The objection, it is true, as to time and place,
may come, and when it is forcible it mav be
made, but it has not been made in regard to
this bill ae to any particular amendment that
has been offered by any single Senator, inyselt
