2778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
Now, a few words in reply to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Burdett.] The gentle-
man stated that Welsh pig iron could be laid
down at St. Louis for $20 a ton. Now, if that
be true, why is it that England exported to
our country only 116,000 tons last year, while
the consumption of the United States was
2,000,000 tons? The average price in New
York last year for Welsh pig iron was about
$32 per ton. If the English producer could
have laid it down in St. Louis for $20 per ton
it is reasonable to suppose that he could have
delivered it at New York for the same price.
This would have yielded him a profit of $12
per ton ; and yet there were exported from
England to this country but 116,000 tons,
while we consumed about 2,000,000 tons.
Mr. BURDETT. Will the gentleman allow
me to answer that ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot; I have but
a few minutes remaining. The gentleman can
be heard again after awhile. What is the
fact ? I will inform the gentleman that Welsh
pig iron was sold last year in the English mar-
kets at an average price of $20 per ton in
gold 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the committee to
let me have one minute more. I desire to
have the facts stated.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
can only be extended by unanimous consent.
How much time does the gentleman want?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Only a minute or two.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
the gentleman's time being extended for two
minutes?
There was no objection.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I challenge the cor-
rectness of the gentleman's figures. I assert
that the average price of pig iron—Welsh pig
iron—was $20 in gold in Great Britain last
year. The "Iron l)uke" from Pennsylvania
dare not deny the fact. Now, if you add $5
per ton for transportation, you have the cost
raised to $25. Then add an equivalent for the
premium on gold, you will have $3 per ton
more. Then reduce the cost of the iron and
transportation to currency, and you have $3
more. Then add a trifle for insurance, and you
have made the actual cost of the iron at New
York over $31 per ton. Now, add $7 more
per ton, the duty proposed by this bill, will you
not have a little more protection for the Amer-
ican producer than will be relished by the
American people ? Will you still insist on this
enormous duty to keep out this pitiful amount
of 116,000 tons, when we are consuming
2,000,000 tons -per annum? Now, if Great
Britain can supply our demand and put down
pig iron at St. Louis at $20 a ton, why is it
that she does not do it ? It must be either be-
cause she has not the supply, or cannot afford
it at any such price, for Great Britain gener-
ally sells anything of which she has got a sup-
ply and out of which she can make a profit.
Now the cost of the production of a ton of
iron at Carondelet, instead of being $24 a ton
is only $21 50, notwithstanding the ore costs
the extravagant price of $3 50 per ton. And
here is another fact. If railroads could be
built reaching into the Springfield district of
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Botd,] it
would bring the ores of that section into com-
petition with the Pilot Knob and Iron mount-
ain ores, and greatly reduce the price. The
coal which smelts the ore at Carondelet costs
$3 50 per ton, while at Carbondale, Illinois,
the price of coal is only $1 70 a ton. With
these cheapened ores and with cheaper coal
the cost of making a ton of pig iron at St. Louis
would not exceed $18. Give us plenty of
money and multiply our lines of communica-
tion and we will need no other protection
against British iron.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate is now closed on the paragraph and
on the pending amendments. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has moved
to amend the pending paragraph by striking
out" $7" and inserting " $5." The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] moves to
amend the amendment by striking out " $5"
and inserting " $3."
Mr. COX. I am willing to withdraw my
amendment, so that a vote may be taken on $5.
Mr. MARSHALL. Letushaveavoteon$3.
Mr. COX. Very well.
The question was put on Mr. Cox's amend-
ment to the amendment; and there were—ayes
thirty-seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts; and being
put, there were—ayes 67, noes 60.
Mr. CAKE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler of
Massachusetts,and Mr. Dickey, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 66, noes 64.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to state that I
■was paired ou this question with Mr. Voorhees.
He would have voted for the amendment and
I would have voted against it.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Donley has paired
upon this question with Mr. Ortii. He would
have voted against the amendment and Mr.
Okth for it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] moved to strike out the
paragraph and insert. The Chair did not
understand whether the gentleman intended
his motion to apply to this paragraph only, or
to this and the following paragraphs.
Mr. ALLISON. I intended my motion to
apply to this and the succeeding paragraph. I
will withdraw it, however.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to its
being withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. It is competent for the
gentleman from Iowa to offer a substitute for
all the paragraphs relating to iron, but the
question cannot be taken on striking out those
paragraphs until they shall have been read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The amend-
ment was offered and debated, and several
speeches were made on it, and it is too late to
rule it out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair only rules
that the question cannot be taken on it until
effort has been exhausted to perfect the para-
graph.
Mr. ALLISON. I will withdraw the amend-
ment if I can do so.
Mr. BOYD. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Cessna having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore. Mr. Wheeler reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
according to order of the House, had had under
consideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly the bill (H. E. No. 1088) to
amend existing laws relating to the duty on
imports, and for other purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
reports oi' public lands committee.
Mr. FITCH. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Besolved, That the rules bo so suspended that on
Thursday, April 28, at half past one o'clock p. m.,
all pending business and prior orders be suspended,
and that the House then proceed to tlio considera-
tion of reports from the Committee on the Public
Lands, and continue the consideration of the same
until the adjournment on that day.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
of the gentleman from Nevada [Mr. Fitch] is
to suspend the rules.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at nine o'clock and fifty minutes P- m-)
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BARRY: Petitions for removal of
political disabilities of J. W. Paltz, Noxubee
county, Mississippi; James P. Mathias, Thomas
D. Sallis, and others, Attala county, Missis-
sippi, and Ira McDowell, Choctaw county,
Mississippi.
By Mr. BENJAMIN: A memorial of the
cigar-makers of Hannibal, Missouri, in relation
to the tax on cigars.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of L. H.
Putnam, of Brooklyn, New York, asking aid
to complete his " Review of the Revolutionary
Elements of the Rebellion."
By Mr. BOOKER: A petition of sundry
citizens of Pittsylvania county, Virginia, for
the establishment of a post route from Bache-
lor's Hall, in Pittsylvania county, Virginia, to
Shady Grove, in Franklin county, Virginia.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Hon. Jonathan Bourne, jr., and 50 others, ship-
owners of New Bedford, Massachusetts, pray-
ing for the amendment of the existing laws for
thn protection of seamen.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of A. T. B. Rucker for compensation
for a mule taken by the United States forces.
By Mr. COBURN : The memorial of Eliza
Leach as to claim for a pension.
Also, the memorial of David D. Negley, late
captain one hundred and twenty-fourth Indi-
ana volunteers.
By Mr. COOK: A petition of citizens of
La Salle county, Illinois, for reduction of duty
on tea, coffee, and sugar.
By Mr. DICKINSON: The petition of H.
>M. Hood and others, citizens of Huron county,
Ohio, praying for the establishment of a post
route from Clarksfield, via Hartland to Olena,
in Huron county, Ohio.
By Mr. HAMILTON: A petition from 73
citizens of Amelia Island, Florida, praying the
confirmation of purchases of public lands at
dirofh-tqt oaipc
By Mr. McKEE : The petition of Sarah Ta,l-
bert, widow ot Tapley B. Talbert, of Captain
Dapiere's company of Georgia volunteers in
the Florida war, 1830 and 1837.
By Mr. McIvENZIE: The petition of Thomas
C. Roach, of Prince William county, Virginia,
now in his seventy-sixth year, one of the sol-
diers of the war of 1812, asking for a pension.
Also, the petition of George Smith, of Cul-
pepper county, Virginia, a soldier of the war
of 1812, seventy-five years of age; asking for
a pension for disabilities received in the war.
By Mr.* MORGAN: The petition of John
Ollery and 80 others, citizens of Ohio, asking
Congress to abolish the national banks; issue
$500,000,000 in greenbacks, make the same re-
ceivable in payment of tariff dues and all other
Federal taxes, to substitute greenbacks for
national bank notes, and pay off $340,000,000
of the five-twenty bonds.
Also, a petition from Lewis Swigart and G1
others, citizens of Ohio, to the same effect.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of John
Fraser, B. Oertley, and C. B. Cluskey, concern-
ing architects' and engineers' work on certain
public buildings.
By Mr. PALMER: A memorial of the Cigar-
Makers' Union of theUnited States, for a mod-
ification of the revenue laws.
Also, a remonstrance of inhabitants of
Indianola, Warren county, Iowa, against cer-
tain provisions of the funding bill.
By Mr. RANDALL: Resolutions of the
Board of Trade of the city of Philadelphia,
expressing their judgment in opposition to the
incorporation of any company with power to
absorb the present telegraph companies, and
in opposition to  the purchase by the United
States Government of the numerous telegraph
lines of the country.
By Mr. STEVENSON : A petition from the
11 Cincinnati Chamber of Commerce, praying for
