1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2779
an immediate appropriation to complete the
Louisville and Portland canal, or for a release
by the Government of the work to private en-
terprise for completion.
By Mr. TWICHELL: A petition of assist-
ants, superintendents, chiefclerk,and other offi-
cials and clerks of Post Office Department, for
change of income laws.
Also, petitions of Lucinda A. King and
Mary B. Triplett, guardians of children of
John A Tomlinson, for pensions.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Thomas
C. Minter, for removal of political disabilities
under acts of Congress.
By Mr. VOORHEES: The petition of Jo-
seph Pace and 72 others, citizens of the State
of Indiana, praying for the passage of the bill
introduced by Hon. George W. Morgan, of
Ohio, into the House February 14, 1870, on
the subject of the finances.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin: The
petition of D. D. Cheney and others, asking
for the division of Wisconsin into two judicial
districts.
By Mr. WELLS: The memorial of Dr. J.
H. MoLane, F. Mansfield & Co., P. Eichell<&
Co., A. Eiehell & Co., and others, praying for
relief from the tax on manufactured articles.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 19, 1870.
TheHouse metattwelveo'clockm. Prayer
by Rev. W. E. Parson.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
coin received from customs, etc.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask unani-
mous consent to offer the following resolution :
Whereas it is provided in the Constitution of tho
United States, article one, section nine, that "no
money shall be drawn trom the Treasury but in
consequence of appropriations madebylair;" and
whereas by the act of Congress, February 25, 1866, it
is provided that the duties on imported goods shall
be paid in coin, and the coin so received shall be set
apart as a speoial fund, and applied first to the pay-
ment of tho interest on the bonds and notes of tho
United States; second, to tho purchase or payment
of one per cent, per annum of the national debt
as a sinking fund, the residue to be placed in the
Treasuiy:
fie it therefore rettoloed, That the Secretary of the
Ti easury be instructed to inform this House by what
authority he has from time to time been appropri-
ating this residue of coin, or any money in the Treas-
ury, tor tho purchase or redemption of United States
bonds.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
internal taxation.
■ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, aud ordered to be printed :
JlesoJved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be directed to prepare and bring in a bill abolishing
the income tax as now provided by law, and instead
thoreofassessatax of five per cent, of the interest paid
upon all invested capital, whether in bonds of rail-
load, insurance, or other incorporated companies, or
of towns, counties, cities. States, or the nation, pro-
viding for its payment into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States under such guards and regulations as may
be proper by whoever shall pay such interest to the
holder thereof, and to be deducted therefrom.
Also, upon all loans, however secured, having a
longer time to run than one year, or which are re-
newed for a longertime than that period,by the deduc-
tion ot live percent, of the interest thereon, to be paid
into the Treasury by the payer thereof.
Also, five per cent, upon all dividends of all incor-
porated or joint stock companies, such as banks,
insurance companies, and railways and others, by
causing toberetained by thecompany and paidinto
the Treasury five per cent, thereof.
Also, upon all mortgages and leases of lands and
tenements five per cent., five to be deducted by the
payer of the interest upon such mortgages and tho
rent under such leases.
Also.ataxof oneperccnt. onallpropertyorestates
in succession, legacies, or deeds of gift for other than
charitable purposes, on the inventoriedorappraised
value thereof in the settlement of such estates, if the
property descends, isdovised, or given toone nextin
blood not of a collateral branch; three per cent, incase
any property is bequeathed, descends, or is given to
one ol acollateral branch; and fiveper cent, in case the
property or estate is devised or given to a stranger
or to aeorporation not eleemosynary in its character
and free to all without price; which tax is to be col-
lected by the judge, surrogate, or other officer settling
the estate when the accounts are passed and settled,
and paid by him into tho Treasury of the United
Also, providing, in addition to tho stamps now re-
quired by law, a stamp equal to one percent, of the
interest upon all loans not before mentioned, how-'
ever the same may be secured, tho amount thereof
to be deducted from the interest thereof, made by
any individual or corporation.
Also, that every railroad ticket, telographio mes-
sage, and express package shall have a stamp of live
cents each.
Also, to establish such taxes upon the manufacture,
keeping, and sale of spirituous and fermented liquors
as they may deem j ust and proper, and also upon tho
manufacture and salo of tobaoco in all its forms.
Also, to abolish the offices of assessor and assist-
ant assessor of internal revenue, establishing such
other offices for the collection of tho tax on whisky
and tobacco as may bo necessary.
Also, repealing all other internal taxation what-
ever.
enrolled biles signed.
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1346) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government lor the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, and for other
purposes ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1775) to relieve C. B.
Sabin, of Harris county, Texas, from legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of tho United
States.
Mr. BEATTY, from the same committee,
reported that they bad examined and found
truly enrolled a bill of the following title; when
the Speaker signed the same :
A bill (S. No. 215) to amend the usury laws
of the District of Columbia."
ohio legislature.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a matter in rela-
tion to the privileges of this floor. The Legis-
lature of the State of Ohio adjourned yester-
day to make in a body a visit to the city of
Washington in their official capacity. They
will be here on Wednesday and Thursday of
this week. The present rules of the House do
not admit members of State Legislatures to
the privileges of the floor of this House. I
ask unanimous consent that during the two
days of their stay here the members a*nd offi-
cers of the Ohio Legislature be admitted to the
privileges of the floor of this Houso.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope that
will be done, for it will do good to admit a
sovereign State here once.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted.
ninth census.
Mr. STOKES. I desire to make a short
statement in regard to the census about to be
taken, and then to ask the action of the House.
The bill of the Houso in relation to taking tho
ninth census has been amended by the Senate.
Thelstof May will soon be here, and it is very
important that the bill now pending between
the two Houses should be soon acted upon. I
therefore ask to have taken from tho Speaker's
table, out of its regular order, the amendment
of the Senate to the bill of the House in rela-
tion to the taking of the ninth census, for the
purpose of noil-concurring in the amendment
of the Senate and asking a committee of con-
■forcri f p
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. STOKES. I hope the gentleman will
not object.
Mr. HOTCHICISS. I object.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to take anything from the Speaker's
table before the morning hour.
foreign imitations op trade-marks.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1824) to prevent the
importation from foreign countries of articles
fabricated in imitation of and bearing the
trade-marks of articles of American manufac-
ture ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order of business. On Friday last the
House was dividing upon a question, when a
special order intervened and interrupted the
further consideration of that question. On yes-
terday the question did not again come up, by
reason of a suspension of the rules. Does it
not come up this morning immediately after
the reading of the Journal?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
call the attention of the House to the unfin-
ished business of Friday last, being a motion
submitted by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Twichell] to reconsider the vote
by which the House ordered to be printed the
report of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads in regard to the New York and
Boston new post-office buildings.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
motion was made in order to have ordered to
be printed the views of the minority of the
committee on that subject. I objected to it
the other day because 1 did not like the attack
on the committee which the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Twiciiell] had made. I
propose now to withdraw my objection, and
allow the views of the minority to be printed.
Mr. TWICIIELL. Underthe circumstances
I must ask to be heard upon that question.
1 do not care to do it now, unless the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads [Mr. Farnsworth] shall so desire;
but will do so at some more convenient time,
when it will not interrupt the consideration of
more important business.
new york and boston post offices.
The SPEAKER. As the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Twichell] insists upon
his right to be heard, the Chair must submit
the question to the House. The gentleman
from Massachusetts move'd on Friday last to
reconsider the vote by which the House or-
dered to be printed the report of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table. This the Houso refused to do, and the
question recurred upon the motion to recon-
sider, which is debatable.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Atthetimethe spe-
cial order intervened the House was dividing
upon the call of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts for the previous question. Tellers
were upon the floor, and no quorum voted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recur to
the Journal in order to settle the point.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have notthe slight-
est objection at all to the printing of the views
of the gentleman from Massachusetts. On
Friday, alter the matter was before the House,
I told him that I would not object to the print-
ing of his views. I desire to have this ques-
tion disposed of".
Mr. TWICHELL. I understood that the
motion to lay on the table was not agreed to.
Therefore, if I am correct, I have the floor. I
trust that under the circumstances I may be
allowed to be heard on this question. Whether
intentionally or not, I have been put in an
embarrassing position. If I am wrong in this
matter no man will confess it sooner than my-
self. If I am right I believe this House will
defend me in the right; and I ask nothing
more.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not wish it to
be understood that I object to the gentleman
being heard.
The SPEAKER. The record of the Jour-
nal is that on the motion to reconsider there
was no quorum voting.
Mr. TWICHELL. Now, Mr. Speaker, that
being the position of the question, I think I
can be heard.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman withdraws
the demand for the previous question, and is
