1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•523
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, how long
is it since that bill was referred ?
The SPEAKER. It was referred prior to
the holiday recess of Congress.
Mr. RANDALL. Is it not too late for a
motion to reconsider ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
was made on the day following the introduc-
tion and reference of the bill, and the gentle-
man now calls up the motion. A motion to
reconsider the reference could not have been
made except on the day when the bill was
referred or the ensuing day.
Mr. JUDD. The bill reported from the
select committee for taking the census con-
tained provisions in sections twenty-two, twen-
ty-three, twenty-four, and twenty-five for an
apportionment of the representation in this
House among the several States, so that each
State might have the number of Representa-
tives to which it would be entitled under the
enumeration to be taken under that bill. It
provided that such apportionment should take
effect only as to the members elected to the
Forty-Third Congress, which will commence
its term on the 4th day of March, 1873; thus
leaving the Forty-Second Congress, the term
of which commences on the 4th day of March,
1871, to be elected under the present appor-
tionment, notwithstanding the enumeration
under the census act would be completed and
the returns made on or before the 1st day
of July, 1870, a period of months intervening
between the completion of the taking of the
census and the election of the members of the
Forty-Second Congress.
Believing in the justice of that clause of the
Constitution which says: "Representatives
shall be apportioned among the several
States which may be included within this
Union according to their respective numbers"
of representative population, I am for applying
this constitutional provision as soon as in a
legal and constitutional mode inequality in
representation shall become known to the law-
making power. To that end, while the census
bill was pending and under discussion, I pre-
pared a series of amendments to those sections
of the bill relating to apportionment, the effect
of which, had they been incorporated into that
bill, would have been to extend the benefit of
equal representation to the Forty-Second Con-
gress, if by the census returns to be made before
the 1st day of July such inequality should be
made apparent.
The House will recollect the debate that
occurred, restricted as it was under the five-
minutes rule. The deep interest manifested by
the members in the question showed the gentle-
man in charge of the census bill [Mr, Gar-
field, of Ohio] that the question must be fully
discussed before that bill could be passed.
Anxious to expedite the passage of the bill, he
asked the House to strike out of it all of the
section relating to the apportionment, which
was done; and thereupon by unanimous consent
of the House, I introduced the bill now under
consideration as a separate and independent
measure. It contains the provisions originally
reported in the census bill, changed only so as
to incorporate the amendments that I had pro-
posed for the then pending measure. The gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] a few days
subsequently introduced a bill for the same
purpose substantially as that introduced by my-
self, and the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paixe] has introduced another bill. The one
common purpose of equalizing representation
is in all of the bills, and I shall hereafter point
out the differences between them.
And now, Mr. Speaker, let us see what the
Constitution and the laws are relating to this
matter of apportionment, and whether there
is anything but the power of members on this
floor that will prevent this justice being done.
Assuming that the enumeration is made and
returned by the 1st day of July, does the Con-
stitution step in and say that its fruits shall not
be applicable to the Congress to be elected
next after such returns are in ? The Constitu-
tion provides that—
" The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States, and the electors of each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature."
Each Congress is brought into being and dis-
solved under this constitutional provision, and
the term of a Congress is two.years. Having
determined that the term is two years and not
ten, let us ascertain what the constitutional
provision is that determines how the several
States shall obtain their requisite number of
Representatives. Section two of the Constitu-
tion is as follows:
" Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union according to their respective
numbers, which shall be determined by adding to the
whole numberof free persons, including those bound
to service for a term of years and excluding Indians
not taxed, threo fifths of all other persons. The actual
enumeration shall be made within three years after
the first meeting of the Congress of theUnited States,
and within every subsequent term of ten years, in
such manner as they shall by law direct."
Let us examine for a moment and see what
the positive enactments in this clause are.
First, it directs positively that the representa-
tion shall be apportioned according to num-
bers. Is this to be done only once in every
ten years or decade ? There is no congressional
tenure of office for ten years, nor is there any
provision for a series of terms whose limit shall
be ten years, or a decade.
The framers of the Constitution were not
satisfied with that general direction. They
knew how poor human nature once invested
with power dislikes to yield it, and that this
feeling might pervade sections of the country;
and by one pretense or another those in pos-
session would remain there as long as any quib-
ble could excuse it; and hence a positive pro-
vision that there should be an enumeration
within every ten years. It does not provide
against more frequent enumeration, but it says
"within " every ten years there shall be one.
This is compulsory; but there is no constitu-
tional requirement that apportionment shall be
made only once in ten years. The plain and
clear intent of this clause is that as soon as
the census returns are made an apportionment
shall follow.
Nor is there any constitutional provision
which requires Congress after it has in a legal
form ascertained the number of inhabitants to
postpone for one, two, six, or eight years
making the apportionment. If we fail to give
the people the benefit of the enumeration in
the Forty-Second Congress it is a postpone-
ment for two years; and why not, if it please
an interested majority, postpone it for four
years? Is there any doubt about our duty in
the premises ?
The moment that Congress shall be informed
in accordance with the forms of law of the
inequality of representation the provision of
the Constitution which I have read makes il tbe
duty of Congress to make the apportionment.
I say, then, that if the returns are made by
the 1st of July, as provided for in the census
bill, there is nothing impracticable in carrying
out the spirit of the Constitution and allowing
| the States representation according to the num-
| ber of their inhabitants as shown by that census,
j And now, Mr. Speaker, let us examine for
1 a moment the usage and practice under these
1 constitutional provisions, and ascertain if we
can the reasons for the legislation that has
prevailed. The Constitution provided that the
first House of Representatives should consist
! of sixty-five members, and that an enumera-
: tion of the population for the purpose of a new
! apportionment should be made within three
I years.
: The first apportionment act was approved 14th
I April, 1792, and the members elected under it
i took their seats on the 4th of March, 1793.
I An apportionment act was approved 14th
1 April, 1802, and the members chosen under it
; took their seats on the 4th of March, 1803.
An apportionment act was approved the 21st
of December, 1811, and the members chosen
under it took their seats the 4th March, 1813.
An apportionment act was approved on the
7th of March, 1822, and the members elected
under it took their seats on the 4th of March,
1823.
An apportionment act was approved May
22, 1832, and the members elected under it
took their seats the' 4th of March, 1833.
An apportionment act was approved on the
25th day of June, 1842, and the members elected
under it took their seats on the 4th day of
March, 1843. '
An apportionment act was approved on the
23d day of May, 1850, and the members elected
under it took their seats on the 4th day of
March, 1853.
It was in this act that Congress, after having
determined in advance the number of members
of which the House should be composed, con-
ferred the power upon the Secretary of the
Interior after the census returns were made
to divide the Representatives among the sev-
eral States. That law is in force to-day; the
power conferred and duly imposed upon the
Secretary is a continuing power. The language
of the act is : "that as soon as the next and
each subsequent enumeration," "the Secre-
tary should divide," &c. An examination of
the dates above given.will show that in no one
instance, except under the apportionment of
1850, was a general election, and also an entire
congressional term, passed over between the
time of the approval of an apportionment act
and the time when the law was made operative
by the election of members under it; or, in
other words, the Congress hastened to give
equal representation at the earliest possible day.
I have no doubt, Mr. Speaker, that the injus-
tice done under the act of 1850 was one of the
reasons for vesting in the Secretary of the Inte-
rior the power to divide among the States the
number of Representatives, Congress having
first settled by law the whole number of mem-
bers of which the House should be composed.
I will ask, Mr. Speaker, that the Clerk may
read the third section of the bill under consid-
eration.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sfc. 3. And be it further enacted. That on or before
the 1st of September next it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Interior to ascertain from the
census enumeration returned the aggregate repre-
sentative population of the United States by count-
ing the whole number of persons in each State,
excluding Indians not taxed; but when the right to
vote at any election for the choice of electors for
President and Vice President of the United States,
Representatives in Congress, the executive and judi-
cial officers of a State, or the members of the Legis-
lature thereof, is denied to any of the male inhabit-
ants of such State being twenty-one years of age and
citizens of the United States, or in any way abridged
except for participation in rebellion or other crime,
he shall reduce the basis of representation therein
in the proportion which the number of such malo
citizens shall bear to the whole number of male citi-
zens twenty-one years of age in such State: and it
shall be his duty to thus ascertain the aggregate repre-
sentative population of theUnited States: which ag-
gregate population he shall divide by ; and the
product of such division, rejecting any fraction of an
unit, if any such happen to remain, shall lie the t'ji.r io
or rule of apportionment of Representatives among,
the several States under sueh enumeration; and the
said Secretary of the Department of tho Interior
shall then proceed in tho same manner to ascertain
the representative population of each State, and to
divide the whole number of the representative pop-
ulation of each State by the ratio already determ-
ined by him as above directed ; and the product of
this last division shall be the number of Represent-
atives apportioned to such State under the enumer-
ation provided for in this act: Provided, That the
loss in the number of members caused by the frac-
tious remaining in the several States on the division
of the population thereof shall be compensated for
by assigning to so many States having the largest
fractions one additional member each for its fraction
as may be necessary to make the whole number oi
Representatives: And provided aho, That if alter
the apportionment of the Representatives under the
next census a new State or States shall be admitted,
into the Union, the Representative or Representa-
tives assigned to such new State or States sha.il hem
addition to the number of Representatives herein-
above limited, which excess of Representatives over
 shall only continue until, the next succeeding
apportionment of Representatives under the next
succeeding census.
