1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1835
visions of an act entitled " An act to regulate
and provide for the enrolling and calling out
the national forces and for other purposes,"
approved July 4, 1864; and all claims for
bounty made by enlisted men, or their proper
heirs, of the first regiment Alabama cavalry,
United States volunteers, are to be paid in the
same manner, and subject to the same regula-
tions and restrictions, and in the same sums
according to their periods of enlistment, pre-
cisely as if they had enlisted after the passage
of the act above recited.
Mr. SPENCER. This bill was reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs; but there
is an amendment which I desire to make to
correct an accidental omission. In the four-
teenth line, after the words " first regiment
Alabama cavalry," I move to insert the words
"and Florida cavalry."
Mr. OSBORN. " First and second regi-
ments of Florida cavalry."
Mr. SPENCER. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs inserted those words in one place
in the bill, but failed to put them where they
properly belonged in the second place.
Mr. WILSON. I do not remember about
the Florida cavalry. It seems to me we had
better let each of these cases pass by itself. I
do not think there will be any trouble in pass-
ing a bill in relation to the Florida cavalry if
we find it to be right.
Mr. OSBORN. I believe this bill was in the
charge of the Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Abbott] who is not now present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that these words are already in the first
part of the bill, and also in the title, but were
neglected to be repeated in the last part. If
there be no objection the amendment will be
regarded as agreed to, making the bill specific.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
LAND DISTRICT IN KANSAS.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
369. It is a bill to divide aland district in the
State of Kansas. We have one immense dis-
trict there, and this bill divides it and makes
two of it. It is reported from the Committee on
Public Lands. It creates an additional land
district in Kansas.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that after
this bill is disposed of I shall call for the reg-
ular order.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 369) to establish an addi-
tional land district in the State of Kansas.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out all
after the enacting clause and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That all that portion of the western land district
created by the act approved March 3, 1857, entitled
"An act to establish three additional land districts
in the Territory of Kansas," which is situated north
of the township line dividing townships ten and
eleven south in said State, shall constitute a new
land district, to be called the Republican district.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Presi-
dent be, and he is hereby, authorized, whenever the
Publicintcrestsshallrequire, toappoint, by andwith
the advice and consent of the Senate, or during the :
recess thereof, and until the end of the next session
of Congress after such appointment, a register and
a receiver for the district hereby created, who shall
respectively be required to reside at the site of their
offices, have the same powers, responsibilities, and
emoluments, and be subject to the same acts and
penalties, which are or may be prescribed by law in
relation to other land officers of the United States
inlaid State.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the public
lands in said district shall be subject to sale and dis-
posal upon the same terms and conditions as other
Public lands of the United States: Provided, That
all sales and location s mado at the office of the old
aistrictof lands situated within the limits of the new
district, which shall be valid and right in other re-
spects, up to the day on which the new office shall go
into operation, be, and the same are hereby, con-
formed.
The amendment was agreed to. I
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurredin. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
TheVICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
asking an immediate appropriation of $150,000
to meet the current expenses of the marine
hospital establishment, and also the sum of
$80,000 to place the hospitals in order ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
: SENATORS FROM TEXAS.
\ The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
, Senate a document signed by General Reynolds
commanding the fifth military district, inclos-
i ing an attested copy of the journals of the sen-
ate and house of representatives of the Legis-
lature of the State of Texas, in relation to the
election of Morgan C. Hamilton and J. W.
Flanagan as United States Senators; which was
referred to t.he Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 187) provid-
ing for publishing specifications and drawings
of the Patent Office was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Printing.
FUNDING BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular or-
der is now insisted upon. The bill (S. No.
380) to authorize the refunding and consolida-
tion of the national debt, to extend banking
facilities, and to establish specie payments is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, the pending question being on the
motion of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Buckingham,] to strike out all of the eighth
section after " 1864," in the eleventh line,
upon which question the Senator from Oregon
[Mr. Corbett] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CORBETT. I call for the reading of
the entire section, and then I ask to have it
read as it will stand if amended as proposed
by me.
, The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
; suggested an amendment to the section, but
the Chair does not know that it is now pending.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe it is not pend-
ing ; but I should like to have the section read
in that way, as I wish to address my remarks
to the section as it now stands and as it will
stand if amended as I propose.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will first report the amendment in full, and
then the section as it will stand if amended as
suggested by the Senator from Oregon, that
; amendment, however, not being pending at the
present time.
The Secretary. Section eight as it now
stands reads as follows :
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That on and after
the 1st day of October, 1870, registered bonds of any
denomination not less than $1,000, issued under the
provisions of this act, and no others, shall be depos-
ited with the Treasurer of the United States as secur-
ity for the notes issued to national banking associ-
ations for circulation under an act entitled "An act
to provide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the cir-
culation and redemption thereof," approved June 3,
1864; and all national banking associations organized
under said act, or any amendment thereof, are hereby
required to deposit bonds issued under this act. as
seaurity for their circulating notes, within one year
from the date of the passage of this act; in default
of which their right to issue notes for circulation
shall be forfeited; and the Treasurer and the Comp-
troller of the Currency shall be authorized and re-
quired to take such measures as maybe necessary to
call in and destroy their outstanding circulation, and
to return the bonds held as security therefor to the
association by which they were deposited, in sums
of not less than 81,000: Provided, That any.such asso-
ciation now in existence may, upon giving thirty
days' notice to the Comptroller of the Currency, by
resolution of its board of directors, deposit legal-
tender notes with the Treasurer of the United States
to the amount of its outstanding circulation, and take
up the bonds pledged for its redemption: And pro-
vided further. That not more than one third of the
bbnds deposited by any bank as such security shall
be of the class of bonds herein authorized bearing
the rate of interest of live per cent., and not more
than one third shall be of the class of bonds herein
authorized bearing the rate of interest of lour and a
half per cent.
If amended as proposed by the Senator from
Oregon, the section will read :
And be it further enacted. That on and after the 1st
day of October, 1870, registered bonds of any denom -
ination not less than 81,000, issued under the pro-
visions of this act, may be deposited with the Treas-
urer of the United States as security for the notes
issued to national banking associations for circu-
lation under the act entitled "An act to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof,"approved June 3,1864; and all
national banking associations organized under said
act, or any amendment thereof, are hereby author-
ized to deposit bonds issued under this act as security
for their circulating notes.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I called for
the reading of the section in order that Sen-
ators might bring it more freshly to their
minds. The State banks, as authorized in the
New England States, and also in the State of
New York, before the national banking system,
existed under the peculiar laws of those States,
by which they issued their circulation. Under
those laws they were prosperous; they paid
fair dividends, and especially in the country,
as I understand, particularly in the State of
New York; they paid larger dividends than
the same banks do now as national banks in
most cases. The tax upon those State banks
under the State laws never approached any-
thing like the tax that is now imposed upon
the national banks existing under the national
law. The State of New York had a law pecu-
liar to herself, which compelled the banks that
circulated bills to deposit the bonds of the
State of New York, which were paying seven
per cent, per annum, I think, as a usual thing,
or else United States bonds, as security for
their circulation. Those bonds were deposited
with the comptroller of the State or some des-'
ignated official.
During the war, when itwasfoundnecessary
for the Government to have money, the Con-
gress of the United States called upon the
banks of the various States, including the State
ofNewYork and the New England States, and
asked them to advance money. They advanced
gold as far as they could do so. When they
were compelled to suspend specie payments
there appeared to be a difficulty existing for
which the Government was responsible to some
extent. Of course the danger of the Republic
was the cause. It being absolutely necessary
that the Government should have money to carry
on the war, the banks found it necessary to
supply the sinews of war. After doing that they
were forced into bankruptcy, so far as specie
payments were concerned. Subsequently laws
were enacted establishing the national bank
system, and those banks were compelled to
throw the bonds of the State of Newxork into
the market and substitute United States bonds
in their place. Massachusetts and the other
States which had their peculiar banki ng institu-
tions, were also compelled to do the same thing.
They all had their peculiar securities, on which
they were receiving from six to seven per cent,
interest, I believe, in most instances, and per-
haps a larger amount.
In order to compel these banks to yield this
valuable franchise in the State of New York
and the other States, as they considered it,
guarantied to them by their States and which
had been recognized for a great many years by
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
to become national banks, Congress enacted^ a
law taxing them ten per cent, upon their cir-
culation, thereby forcing them out of existence.
They were compelled either to adopt the na-
tional bank system, depositing United States
bonds in the Treasury as security for their cir-
culation under the new system, or to give up
the business of banking. Congress enacted a
law providing that any banking institution that
should deposit in the Treasury United States
securities should have the privilege of issuing
upon these securities a circulation equal to
