1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3723
among the number. Of all tho multiplied
amendments that have been made to this bill,
not one of them has been appropriate to it
except, probably, a little one tt it I offered to
ii:iy a chief clerk in a bureau of the Treasury
department, the only one that pertains to the
executive department. This is a bill for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government, and in it you have adopted
propositions to start a new public building
here, to extend the grounds around the Capi-
tol, and to explore the north pole.
It seems to me that under these circum-
stances there ought not to be this kind of op-
position to this the only appropriation in which
my constituents have any particular interest.
As a matter of course, if the Senate vote this
down, we shall have to await our chances; but
I give notice that I would rather see this appro-
priation sunk in the ocean and the navigation
of (he Ohio interrupted as it is now by a bridge
built by your authority and by an unimproved
canal there obstructing the way of thousands
of vessels every month, than to see it made
the basis of a log-rolling operation to pass
appropriations for $12,000,000 for obscure
rivers and harbors; and I have no doubt that
will be the feeling of my constituents. If this
is to be made the basis to carry on these large
.appropriations, well and good; but I would
rather see it fall.
I trust that the Senate will take a different
view. I do not think there is a single man in
either House of Congress opposed to this ap-
propriation ; certainly no one who has been
on the ground and seen the obstruction that
this bridge and canal are to the navigation of
that vast region, in which ten million people
are interested. Every man in that region,
from the top of the Alleghany mountains to
the Gulf of Mexico, is interested in it. This
is an obstruction to the provisions and supplies
of all the South passing through this canal
down the Ohio river. These objections seem
very singular when we reflect that on the kin-
dred river, the Mississippi above the Ohio, the
work is now going on day by day, and this
Congress gave them what they wanted to keep
the work going until the regular appropriation
could be made. It seems to me it is unrea-
sonable to make these objections as to time
and place as to this particular appropriation
when you can spend $100,000 to explore the
north pole, start a public building in this city,
and extend the Capitol grounds so as to beau-
tify and ornament the Capitol, to all of which
the same objection might be made—that they
were out of time arid out of place.
But it is a question for the Senate to decide.
I hope yet the Senate will let this measure
stand upon its own merits. If this appropria-
tion ought to be made now, let it be made. I
am told by a member of the House that both the
proper committees of the House have agreed
to this proposition because of the urgent neces-
sity for it, and that it would have passed the
House if either of the proper committees could
have been called in the ordinary way, but they
have to wait to be called, to meet the pressing
necessity of the appropriation.
Mr. BIORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
question about the propriety of an appropria-
tion for the improvement of the canal at Louis
ville. I was strongly disposed to favor it, and
did rise and vote with the majority on this ques-
tion ; but it seems to me, after the explanation
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, which I believe will be found to be
true, that not a single day will be gained in
point of time by putting this appropriation on
this bill instead of passingit as a separate meas-
ure, the Senator from Ohio ought not longer to
persist iu pressing it upon this appropriation
bill.
The suggestion made by the Senator from
Oregon I think is a pertinent one. I remember
the facts upon being reminded of them by the
Senator from Oregon, as be does, that only
about four hundred thousand dollars wasasked
for this work last year, and if one hundred or
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars has been
appropriated, the appropriation now should be
reduced £o that extent.
I remember that the Senator from Ohio, in
his administration of the Committee of Ways
and Means of the House, and also in his admin-
istration of the Finance Committee of the Sen-
ate, always made an energetic effort to keep :
the appropriation bills "clean," as he used to
<;all it. Now, I think this appropriation is an
unusual one for this place. The suggestion
made by the Senator, that the appropriations
for public buildings and the extension of the j,
grounds were improper upon this bill, I think i
will not be borne out by the record ; certainly
not so far as public buildings are concerned in
thi3 city. I think they are invariably put on
appropriation bills. Never has any public
building been erected here by a separate inde-
pendent bill, but always by legislation upon
some general appropriation bill.
^r. SHERMAN. Always upon the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill before this, so far as
I know.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Well, upon
some general appropriation bill; whether mis-
cellaneous or not would not be material.
Now, Mr. President, it is obvious that the
Senator from Michigan will have his way, and
a large amount of time will be consumed here
entirely uselessly. If the whole of these river
and harbor appropriations are put on this bill,
certainly the bill never will be carried through
both Houses. It will be a waste of time. We
have agreed and are all anxious to adjourn at
an early moment, certainly as early as the time J
specified, the 15th of July. It seems to me, '
therefore, we ought to economize time, and if ;
we intend to adjourn at that date it would be
better for us to act on this appropriation in J
the regular river and harbor bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask what single reason there
is for having the subject-matter of this proposi-
tion referred to the Committee on Commerce?
Would it be for any other purpose than for that
committee to investigate the question, and
decide whether it was proper to make the
appropriation or not? Would there be any
other single object in referring this proposition
to that committee? Is there a member of that j
committee, or of the Senate, who doubts that j
this appropriation ought to be made before its j
reference to the Committee on Commerce?
, If that is the universal and undoubted convic-
tion of the Committee on Commerce, and of
[ the entire Senate, where is the good practical
sense of referring it to that committee at all?
Why, sir, if there was but one proposition of
this character to be made at the present ses-
sion, and but a single appropriation, and that .
was to be decided by considerations of the
most importance to the country, that proposi-
tion would be the identical one now before us;
and if there was no other one whatever to be
made, it would receive the unanimous sanction,
| according to judgment and reason, of the en-
tire Senate, and of the Committee on Com-
merce.
The honorable Senator from Maine says that
the appropriations ought to be graduated in
proportion to the amount of money that will
be required to complete each work. That, in
my judgment, is not the correct rule at all.
I Such appropriations ought to be graduated to
; the importance of the work, to the results to
i; be produced by a consummation of the work,
and by the smallness of the amount asked for
to accomplish the work. Now, sir, here is a
single sum of money of a small amount, the
last that is to be asked for after a series of a
1 great many years of appropriations to this
work. This is the sole and final sum neces-
i sary to complete this work and to open the
j! canal around the falls and make it just as com-
! modious for navigation as the river itself is
above and below the falls.
It the question of this appropriation is to be
decided by the importance of the work, 1 tell
the honorable Senator from Maine and the
Senate that the amount of commerce that
passes through that canal from day to day and
from year to year is twenty, yes, fifty fold hirger
than the commerce that passes around the l)es
Moines rapids, and the sum that is required "is
less than one half what is required for that
work, and that sum is all that is necessary to
complete this workand to put it into the fullest
and most perfect operation. It seems to me
that there could not be better good sense and
better national economy than for this work to bo
resumed by an appropriation of Congress of the
moderate sum necessary to complete it and to
push its completion within the shortest possible
time, so as to give the immense results of this
improvement to the free navigation and com-
merce of ten million people, and to an amount
of trade that is greater in its aggregate than
the entire foreign commerce of the United
States.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Ken-
tucky wants to know what is the use_ of re-
ferring this proposition to the Committee on
Commerce. I will state that the reason exists
in this case that exists for referring any matter
to any committee. The estimates are not taken
by committees usually. They are scrutinized,
examined, and whether the Committee on
Commerce would recommend all the appropria-
tions that are asked for in those estfinates is a
very grave question. Tliey might not deem it
expedient to expend quite so much money as
the estimates call for in a given year. Some-
times the estimates are made for a succession
of years. The committee takes out the esti-
mates for the current year, ending with the
fiscal year. In this case the Committee on
Commerce of the other House has a bill which
has been lying there for some days, ready to
be reported whenever the Committee on Com-
merce is called. That bill will be passed. But,
sir, we want this and all other appropriations
of the same character to share the same fate.'
They are equally meritorious. There are a hun-
dred similar appropriations perhaps that, areas
meritorious as this, and we want them all to go
together. I hope the Senate will either vote
on the whole of these estimates as an amend-
ment, or vote this item off the bill. Whichever
course will suit the views of the Senate will
suit me.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have listened with a
good deal of interest to the arguments pro
and con on this subject, and for my part I can
see nothing extraordinary, nothing very alarm-
ing in the proposition submitted to the Senate
for its action. Precedent is alluded to. Is
the Senate alarmed at the action likely to be
had by it ? Certainly not. They occupy a much
i higher stand-point than that. They are not
fearful as to their action. When a case is pre-
sented that is meritorious it will find a response
in the affirmative; they are ready to meet the
question.
Now, sir, I have observed closely the argu-
ments in advocacy and in opposition to the
present amendment, and I have not heard, so
far as I recollect, one solitary iota advanced
that it was not a meritorious amendment; but
i the objection seems to be that it is presented
improperly for action. It seems to be forgotten,
! or else I misapprehend the matter, that that
question is no longer tenable. It was passed
upon in the first stage of this discussion. The
point of order was raised that it was not
prooerly before the Senate, and that point of
order was decided. Therefore I think it un-
necessary to discuss that branch of the subject
further.
, It is, to say the least, properly before the
11 Senate. It seems to me to be a legitimate aud
i meritorious amendment, and it will cost the
United States Government no more to pass
, upon it now than it will when reported by any
' other committee after any other investigation.
1 There seems to be no investigation necessary
' in the premises. It is agreed by all Senators
li that the proposition is legitimate and proper
