-1
4668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
cers of the Department certify that they would
have been disposed to pass favorably upon this
claim had they not been debarred from doing
so by the statute of limitations. The effect of
this joint resolution is simply to take the case
out of the statute.
Mr. SARGENT. Out of what fund is this
to be paid ?
Mr. STRONG. Out of the fund which be-
longs to the Cheyennes and Arapahoes. I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which ihe joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TINSL1SY, VAN HORN AND COMPANY, ETC.
Mr. STRONG also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 198) for
the relief of Tmsley, Van Horn & Co., of
Louisiana, Missouri, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized to investigate the claims
of Tiasley, Van Horn & Co., Glenn, Overall,
& Clark, and James A. Henderson & Co.,
tobacconists of the city of Louisiana, Missouri,
for the abatement and remission of certain
taxes assessed against them for the mouths of
October and November, 18G7, and to abate and
remit, in whole or in part as he may think just,
the taxes assessed as aforesaid against the said
firms upon their property destroyed by lire on
the 15th of November, 1867.
Mr. STRONG. Mr. Speaker, one word in
explanation. The facts are similar to those
of the case reported by the chairman of the
Committee of Claims last Saturday. The tax
was assessed on this property, and immediately
after the assessment was made, and before it
was collected, the warehouses, with the tobacco
therein, were burned up. The fire which
destroyed this property burned a large part of
the town of Louisiana, and these parties, who
lost nearly all they had, ask to be relieved
from the tax assessed on their property thus
destroyed. The House having already determ-
ined to grant relief in this class of cases, I
do not suppose there will be objection to the
passage of this bill. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM J. CLARK.
Mr. STRONG, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (H. R. No. 2284) for the
relief of William J. Clark, administrator of the
estate of Gad E. Upson; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to audit and adjust, upon just and equi-
table principles, the accounts of William J.
Clark, administrator of the estate of Gad 15.
Upson, deceased, late United States agent for
the Blackfcot and other Indians, in the Terri-
tory of Montana, and as commissioner on part
of the United States in negotiating a treaty
with said Indians for disbursements made and
services rendered on behalf of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. STRONG. Mr. Speaker, the facts are
these: Mr. Upson for several years was United
States agent to the Blackfootand other Indians
in Montana, and he was also charged with nego-
tiating a treaty with those Indians. On his
return to Washington to make his report ho
was taken sick and died. His estate is in the
process of settlement, Mr. Clark being the
administrator. Among the papers are certain
charges of Mr. Upson for moneys paid out
where the Government claims income tax
should have been retained, and there are also
certain differences as to the relative value of
gold and currency and as to compensation for
services rendered in negotiating said treaty.
The Department, acting o  the principles of
equity and justice, would allow some of these
items in dispute; but they cannot be allowed
without this legislation. The amount is not
more than eighteen or nineteen hundred dol-
lars.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Was not this Indian
agent paid his salary?
Mr. STRONG. He was. He received ยง1,COO
a year.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What reason is there for
this extra pay?
Mr. STRONG. I do not know that the
Department will allow any extra compensa-
tion, unless valuable services were rendered
in negotiating the treaty, which was no part
of his duty as Indian agent. Aside from this
is the claim in reference to income tax, and a
claim for $400 for stock taken by the Indians.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Were those purchases
made in accordance with law, or were they
made at the will of the party?
Mr. STRONG. I suppose they were made
in accordance with lav/,"but for some reason
they cannot be charged. I do not precisely
understand why.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If they were made in
accordance with law it strikes me that the
vouchers will be received and acted upon at the
Treasury Department. If they were not made
in accordance with law the party ought not to
receive any pay. I am entirely opposed to
Indian agents going beyond the appropriations
we make.
Mr. STRONG. I will call the attention of
the gentleman to one item which could not be
allowed. This agent was called upon to make
payment of salaries to certain parties under
him, and according to the instructions of the
Department the agent should retain the income
tax. But it is claimed that he did not get
these instructions. Consequently he did not
retain the tax and his estate stands chargeable
with the amount. Again, he was in a gold
country and had to pay out gold for certain
things which he had bought for currency prices.
The claim for loss thus sustained the Depart-
ment cannot entertain, except on principles of
equity and justice. It appears to me that they
should be allowed to entertain and settle this
little account between the estate of this Indian
agent and the Government. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT PAIIIS L. KEEB.
Mr. AYER, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with the recommendation that it
do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1421) for the relief
of Lieutenant Pai'is L. Reed.
The bill was read. It directs and requires
the Paymaster General of the United States
Army to pay to Paris L. Reed, late lieutenant
in company E, thirty-ninth Kentucky infantry,
his pay and allowances from the 81st day of
October, 1864, until the 15th day of May, 1S05,
being from the date of the tender of Ms resig-
nation until the date of its acceptance and his
discharge. .
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, .and passed*
Mr. AYER moved to reconsider the vote,by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DANIEL M. PAIGE.
Mr. AYER also, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution (H. R. No. 344) for
the relief of Daniel M. Paige, first lieutenant
of the thirty-eighth United States infantry;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and directs the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury to allow a credit to Daniel M.
Paige,first lieutenant of the thirty-eighth U nited
States infantry, of the sum of $420, public
money, of the subsistence department, stolen
from the said officer at Fort Bayard, New
Mexico, on the 23d December, 1868, without
fault or negligence on his part.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let the report in that
case be read.
The report was read. It states that the
claimant was acting commissary of subsistence
at Fort Bayard, in the Territory of New Mex-
ico. On the 23d December, 18C8, he had
deposited and securely locked in his quarters
$420, public money, which was stolen by per-
sons unknown without any fault or negligence
on his part. The report further states that
these facts came to the knowledge of the com-
mittee through the authenticated report of the
proceedings of an examining board of Army
officers convened at the time and place of the
theft, it appeared there was no means of
greater security accessible to the officer than
those adopted for the safety of the funds. The
committee therefore recommended that relief
be granted, and the passage of the joint reso-
lution reported for that purpose..
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. AYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF UNITED STATES CENSUS-TAKEES.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back, with an
amendment, the bill (S. No. 99) to pay loyal
citizens in the States lately in rebellion for
services in taking the United States census-
of 1860.
The bill was read. It provides that the
claims of loyal citizens of the States of Ala-
bama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Texas, and Virginia, for services rendered as
United States marshals, and their assistants, for
taking the eighth census in the year 1860, may
be paid out of any unexpended balance of any
money heretofore appropriated for the payment
of United States marshals and their assistants
for services rendered in taking the eighth' cen-
sus in the year 1860, provided that no money
shall be paid on account of such claims until
proof satisfactory to the Secretary of the In-
terior of the loyalty to the United States,
throughout the late rebellion, of the person
by whom the said service is alleged to have
been furnished, among which proofs shall be
the oath of the person alleged to have per-
formed the said service, if such person be
living.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to add to the bill the following:
Provided, That satisfactory evidence shall fee sub-
