2780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
entitled to speak upon the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. TWICHELL. Mr. Speaker, when this
question was before the House the other day,
my colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Ferry,] accordingto the
report in the Globe, made a statement which I
think is based upon a misunderstanding on the
part of the reporter. According to the report
in the Globe, the remarks of the gentleman
from Michigan were:
"X wouldsuggestthat other members of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads should also be
heard, in view of the imputations which have been
cast upon them by the gentleman«tfrom Massachu-
setts, [Mr. i'wichell.j"
Now, sir, I had not said a single word which
could be construed as casting any imputation
upon any memberoftheCommitteeonthePost
Office and Post Roads. I suppose the gentle-
man referred to the remarks of my colleague,
[Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts.]
Mr. FERRY. In answer to the gentleman,
I will say that my reference was to the gentle-
man's colleague, [Mr. Butler, of Massachu-
setts.]
Mr. TWICHELL. Mr. Speaker, there is
no question between the members of the com-
mittee and myself. I entertain nothing but
the kindest feelings toward every member of
the committee. A misunderstanding has arisen
through a misapprehension, as I will endeavor
to explain. The difficulty is not with the com-
mittee, but with the clerk of the committee.
It grows out of some feeling excited on the
part of the clerk by what Mr. Slack, editor of
The Commonwealth, a paper published in Bos-
ton, said with reference to the visit of the com-
mittee to Boston. The clerk of the committee
has said within a short time, as I have been
informed, that this Mr. Slack, a gentleman
well and favorably known to many of us, had
published something in his newspaper which
was unkind and unjust; that he (Mr. Slack)
would smart for it, and that I as his friend
should smart for it also. Mr. Slack, immedi-
ately after the committee had left Boston, stated
in his paper, The Commonwealth, that the
committee had been there, and while he spoke
of them in the kindest manner, he added that—
"Along with them (thooommittco)eameU. II. Pain-
ter, the clerk, onco the correspondent of the Phila-
delphia Inquirer, the demander of subsidies a t W ash-
ington, as testified to by the late Governor Walker,
Governor Stanton, and others."
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is the origin of this
difficulty. The committee went to Boston to
discharge a duty necessarily imposed upon
them. Under the circumstances they could
not have done less. No member of the com-
mittee volunteered to go. That visit of the com-
mittee was prompted by a letter which came
to the committee charging that the post office
at Boston was in bad hands. The charges
were—
First. That the Boston contracts were not
offered to the lowest bidder.
Second. That the contractor for the stone-
work is not a builder ormason, or qualified in any
way for such work, and that he was to receive
for the granite facings $800,000.
Third. That a large contractor, who built
the Gettysburg, the Worth monument in New
York, &c., James G. Patterson, of Hartford,
had said that he would give bonds to do the
work 1'or half of what the contractor French
gets.
Now. Mr. Speaker, under those circum-
stances the committee were obliged to make
this investigation. They could do nothing else.
They first called Mr. Mullet, the supervising
architect. Mr. Mullet's testimony was taken
in Washington by a short-hand reporter. It
was written out in long-hand by an amanuen-
sis ; and without being revised by the reporter
was put into the hands of Mr. Painter, who
said it was all right. The testimony in this
forin was taken to New York, and shown to the
architects there before they testified. Thereby,
ill my judgment, great injustice was done to
Mr. Mullet. But at the time my attention was
not particularly attracted to this as being wrong,
nor was I then aware of any-hostility on the
part of the clerk or any member of the commit-
tee toward the supervising architect. Subse-
quent acts, however, satisfied me that both the
chairman and the clerk left no means untried
to injure him. The contracts, the parties inter-
ested in them, and the motives that prompted
them,;having been brought into question, I am
frank to say, sir, without fear of contradiction,
three was nothing wrong in that transaction.
There was nothing wrong that appeared before
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Iloads. There was nothing wrong iu the case
at all.
The contract may be criticised as it has been.
Members may form their own conclusion in
regard to the way in which it was made. The
contract was made on the part of Mr. Mullet,
the supervising architect, under the direction
and with the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and on the part of every man who
had anything to do with it, in perfect good
faith. But this Mr. Painter has had more to
do with making up this case and preparing this
report than he ought to have done. He has
called for testimony on his own part. He has
prepared the case in his own way. I have a
letter of his in which he calls for testimony on
his own part from Boston, and in order that
there may bo no dispute about this matter I
shall send the letter to the Clerk's desk and
ask that it bo read. ,
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, D. C., January 19,1870.
Dear Sir: T f'l understand you ari slit, you informed
me, in answer to some questions, that you recom-
mended that advertisements be made for the granito
for the superstructure of the 13oston post offico and
also for the cutting of the granite; also that it was
your opinion that if proper authority was given a
commission of men residing in Boston the building
could be constructed six months earlier than if it
was continued in the present manner. Pleascmforra
me if I am correct in this memoranda. Do you pro-
pose or anticipate visiting Washington at any early
period?
Yours, truly, U. II. PAINTER.
G. J. I?. Bryant, esq.
Mr. TWICHELL. ThisisfromMr. Painter.
The committee had nothing to do with it what-
ever. When the testimony was all in it was
printed, and the committee met to consider it.
But I will not go into that for the present.
After the testimony was all in, from some
cause or other, the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads called here
Mr. Gardner, ofBoston, avery respectable man,
whom I know well. He was interested in a
quarry which was not successful in getting the
contract. Mr. Gardner came here after the
report was made. The committee heard him.
In my judgment he testified as any one would
who was an interested party. I do not mean
to say that he intended to do or did anything
wrong. After that testimony was taken it was
my understanding with the chairman of the com-
mittee that if it were to be used, then further
testimony should be permitted to explain fully
the facts touching the important points upon
which Mr. Gardner testified and upon which
he had no personal knowledge. The testimony
of Mr. Gardner was placed in the hands of the
clerk. The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farxswortii,] the chairman of the committee,
had occasion to go homo to Illinois with his
family; but it was agreed between him and me
in the presence of the clerk that the testimony
should be printed, and that each member of
the committee should be furnished with a copy
under the seal of secrecy in order that it miglit
be determined whether it should be used or
not. I then asked General Burt, the disburs-
ing agent at Boston, to come here and give his
testimony on the facts.
Mr. FABNSWORTII. I rise to a question
of order. I dislike to do so, but it is contrary
to the rules of the House to refer to matters
which have occurred iu the committee-room.
Mr. TWICHELL. Very well. I ask the
Clerk to read a letter which I send up.
The Clerk read as follows:
■ : Washingtok, April 12,1870.
Sib: In answer to your request, I giro herewith
the conversation which took place on the 8th
instant between yourself and Mr. Painter in the
room of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. On entering the room with General Bart,
postmaster of Boston, you said, "Mr. Painter, 1
wish to show to General Burt the testimony taken
by the committee in the matter of the Boston post-
office building;" Mr. Painter replied, I cannot
show it to you." Youasked, " Whyeannoty.ou show
itV" Mr. Painter replied, "I am instructed not to
show it to any one." Youasked, "Where did you
get your instructions 1" Mr. Painter replied, " Jfrom
the chairman of the committee." You then asked,
"Yougot your instructions from the chairman of
the committee?" Mr, Painter replied, I did."
You then asked, "You refuse to show the testi-
mony?" Mr. Painter replied, ' I do under my in-
structions." Mr. Painter then addressing you, said,
" This is not my funeral," repeating these words
twice. You then asked, "There is to be a funeral,
then, is there?" Mr. Painter answered, ' So they
say." The conversation then turned upon other
matters. _ _ ..
Very respectfully, H. V. POOH.
lion. Gineky Twichell, House of Representatives.
Mr. TWICHELL. Now, Mr. Speaker, I did
not know at that time what that meant, and
I was not sure that I remembered the exact
words; therefore I asked Mr. Poor, who was
iu the room with General Burt, Mr. Painter,
and myself, and who was so shocked that he
afterward called my attention to it, to write ine
a note stating the exact words as near as he
remembered.
Now, Mr. Speaker, have or have not subse-
quent events thrown any light upon that lan-
guage of the clerk? Was there any arrange-
ment between him and any member of the
committee to justify the course he took? Who
does he mean by " they?'' 1 do not, I cannot
believe that any member of the committee
would knowingly do injustice to any one. I
know that no such feeling rests in their hearts.
When taking the testimony of General Burt,
just as he (General Burt) states it in his letter,
which was read on Friday last, this same clerk,
who makes the wicked statements just read at
the Clerk's desk, came back from the House
to the committee-room, knowing that General
Farnsworth had cut off the testimony then
being taken under his (the chairman's) own
arrangement, and allowed me to go to the House
for General Farnsworth. Without informing
me of what had been done by General Farns-
woiith, he, chuckling in his sleere, told the
persons in the eommittee-room during my ab-
sence of it, and that the committee was dis-
charged. Wlien I returned, still unadvised of
what had been done, he did not then tell me of
it. When informed I asked him whathemeant
by his strange action. His answer was it was
none of his business. The testimony ended
then, and when I came into the House and
asked the poor privilege of presenting the views
of the minority, which were prepared to meet
the case as it stood on the 26th of March, with
the slight change to meet a statement in Mr.
Gardner's testimony, which was withheld from
me, I am met with the flat refusal of the chair-
man of the committee. But to use the clerk's
expression, as reported to me, "Farksworth
acted like a fool in omitting to have his motion
reconsidered and laid on the table," thereby
giving me a chance to get the views of the
minority in after all.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the views of the majority
or minority are of no consequence at this stage
of the case. Congress having settled the ques-
tion of the New York and Boston post offices
without any aid from the Post Office Commit-
tee or without any censure upon the action
of the present Administration.' It is true the
chairman of the eommitte,e opposed the first
appropriation for both buildings, and would
have stopped both until new contracts had been
made. If his report had been adopted, instead <
of that of the committee of conference, no more
work would have been done this season. As
it is a contract is to be made, but the work
goes briskly on in the mean time. My colleague
[Mr. Butler] said the other day that this was
