524
THE COMKESSIOtfAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Mr. JUDI). The section just read, Mr.
Speaker, is substantially a reenactment of the
provisions of the act of May 23, 1850,. modi-
fled only so as to conform to the constitutional
provisions in force since the aet of 1850, This
last part of the provision is the work of the
select Committee on the Census, and has had
their careful consideration. I adopt and ap-
prove it, changing it only so that its benefits
shall inure to tie people on the 4th day of March,
1871, insteadof the 4th day of March, 1873.
The power thus conferred by the present bill
upon the Secretary is no experiment, no new
thing. It was adopted in the lawof 1850, and
in all, the debate that occurred upon-that bill
no member or Senator was wise enough to dis-
cover that the constitutional power of Congress
was being invaded by this delegation of power
to the Secretary. Why, Mr, Speaker, we are
sitting here now under an apportionment' made
by the Secretary of the Interior, and if any
gentleman thinks he is unconstitutionally here
there is a very easy mode for his ceasing to
violate the Constitution, and thus he might save
his conscience and we should have one less
vote against this measure. But there is another
view of the matter. If by any contingency the
proposed census bill should fail to become a
law the former census law remains in force,
and as I have before said this power continues
in the Secretary of the Interior under the law
of the land.
If there is a constitutional objection to the
attempt to equalize representation n pon this
floor in the mode proposed, then, of course,
we will abandon it, and there is no occasion
for discussing any question of expediency. The
first clause of the Constitution says that all
legislative power is vested iu Congress. But
does it say that the execution of all laws passed
by Congress is vested in Congress? No, sir;
Congress passes all laws and devolves upon
executive officers the carrying of them into
execution. That is all that is proposed by the
terms of this bill, to vest in the Secretary of
the Interior, and it is no new proposition, as I
have before shown.
Th,e census bill provides for a full enumera-
tion of the inhabitants and returns of the same
to the Interior Department. The bill provides
the number of members of which the next
House of Representatives shall be composed.
Nothing is left to. the Secretary of the Interior
when those returns are made but to divide to
each State its number of Representatives. It
only requires a reasonable knowledge of addi-
tion, multiplication, and division.
But let us examine and analyze a little fur-
ther what power is conferred upon the Secre-
tary, and see whetheranything more is required
of him than to be a fair arithmetician. It is
said he must interpret every State constitution
and decide grave constitutional questions, and
determine as to rights of certain classes of cit-
izens in the respective States to vote. Is that
so? The schedules that accompany the census
bill prescribe the duties of the enumerators :
they are to return the total population, state
the number of males and females ; married,
widowed, or single; white, black, mulatto, or
Chinese, and male citizens over twenty-one
years of age, and divers other details, one of
which is classified in the schedule as follows:
Male citizens of the United States, twenty-one
yearsof ago, whose right to vote is deni ed or abridged
on other grounds than rebellion or other crime.
A number to be determined by arithmetical
computation based on the numberof such per-
sons so returned is to be deducted from the
aggregate representative population, in ac-
cordance with the requirements of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution. The
Secretary will have those figures before him
in the same manner that he has the total
population. No discretion or judgment or
opinion is required of him upon any constitu-
tional question, either State or national. The
status of individuals is before him in the
shape of the census returns, and to these he
applies the rules of arithmetic and produces a
result. Suppose these returns completed were
laid before this House and.an apportionment
committee was directed to prepare and report
a bill. The clerk of that committee, would
make, all these computations from the face of
the returns in the same manner-as^the Secre-
tary will if the duty shall be devolved upon him.
by thepassage of the bill under consideration.
There is.no summoning of witnesses,; trial
of questions, or argument or adjudication of
great constitutional questions. The-case is
made up by and from the facts stated in the
census returns. The debatable points, and
those which lead to long discussions upon
every proposition to apportion, namely, the
number of members, and thus the ratio of
representation, are determined and put at rest
by this bill, and the Secretary has only to use
this divisor upon his aggregate of representa-
tive population and he gets the ratio, and
dividing his aggregate State population by that
ratio he determines the numberof members to
which each State is entitled. This method is
prescribed for him in the bill; and it would
seem to me that it would not require any great
constitutional lawyer or even the collective
wisdom of this House, great as I know it to be,
to produce results from such a plainly pre-
scribed mode of proceeding.
" Representatives" "shall be apportioned,"
is the language of the second article of the
Constitution. To accomplish an apportion-
ment there must be, first, a representative popu-
lation ; second, an enumeration by the census-
taker; third, a fixed number of Representa-
tives ; and fourth, a division of that number
among the several States. All these must con-
cur to make an apportionment. No one act or
thing will constitute an apportionment in the
general sense of t'hat term as used in the Con-
stitution. The Secretary of the Interior no
more makes an apportionment than the census-
taker. Each and both are the agents of the
law-making power, executing a duty imposed
upon them by law, and the result of the whole
proceeds directly from the law-making power
and are its acts—" qui facit per alium, facit
per sc." An apportionment thus produced is
the work of Congress and not that of any
intermediate agent.
If this is a delegation of the legislative power
provided for in the first article of the Consti'
tution, then there is scarcely any act that we
pass which is not equal delegation of power.
It is not, Mr. Speaker, a delegation of legis-
lative power. Every law in its execution is
subject to be construed by the executive offi-
cers ; but who ever before heard of this being
called the exercise of legislative power ? Con-
gress, in each branch, determines the election
qualifications of its own members. The power
to correct irregularities iu representation is
full and ample, and you will find special enact-
ments for that purpose running all through
your statutes.
If gentlemen will refer to the apportionment
law of 1822 they will find a section giving a
conditional representation to the State of Ala-
bama, the census returns of that State not
having been perfected when the apportionment
bill became a law. It was legislation in ad-
vance of census returns. So little doubt has
there been, not only of the constitutionality of
conferring that power upon the Secretary of
the Interior, and also of the expediency of-
having the apportionment made by the Sec-
retary, that in the act supplementary to the
census law, passed July 30,1852, the Secretary
is directed ''forthwith" to apportion among
the several States two hundred and thirty-three
members.
Congress in session first ordered the Con-
stitution broken by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and then sat with folded arms while he
performed their bidding by breaking it. •
The House will bear in mind that if the cen-
sus bill becomes a law the enumeration will
be completed and returned by the 1st day of
July next. The bill now under, consideration
in its first section provides for the number of
members to be elected and who shall com-
pose the House of Representatives from and
after the 3d; day of Mareh, 1871,: which will
constitute the Forty-Secdnd Congress. - '•
• I have left a blank for the numbef of mem-
bers, and shall be satisfied with whatever the
House' may determine, Only expressing the
opinion that a less number than three hundred
to represent fortymillkm- people in the popu-
lar branch of the* legislative body would not
bring the Representative near enough-- to his
constituent. The neaber hesis so-brought, the
greater is the fesling of responsibility and the
guarantee of fidelity; -the larger the riomber, the
less the danger froth undue influence from with-
out. The" framers of the Constitution had their
fears of undue influence' from the executive
branch of the Government. The immense
growth of patronage is of all causes the most
baleful in its influence upon- our institutions.
I fear the effect of that influence upon a small
number of Representatives. -My-theory for
the security of our institutions is iti the imme-
diate responsibility of the persons intrusted
with power to the people, the source of all
power. The Senator has a term of six years,
the President four, and. the Representative
stands face to fece With his constituent.by the
termination of his office at the end of every
two years. _ *
Tyranny and usurpation do not spring from
such a tenure of office1. Those only ititrenched
in a long official term do and dare evil.
The second section provides that the Super-
intendent of the Census shall report the repre-
sentative enumeration to the Secretary of the
Interior on or before the 15th of August next.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that that time might be
shortened with perfect safety.
I have before had read to the House the
third section.
The fourth section requires the Secretary of
the Interior to transmit to the Governors of
the respective States an official, certificate of
the apportionment on or before the 10th day
of September.
It is said that there is not time enough for
the States to make the necessary regulations
for the purpose of carrying out this act. That
is a question for each State to determine for
itself. It is sufficient for us and we have felly
discharged our duty when we have passed such
laws as will enable the States to a^t. Let us
perform our duty and make provision for the
distribution of Representatives under the pro-
visions of the Constitution and the census taken
under it, and thus let it rest with each State to
say whether it will avail itself of the advantages
the new apportionment would give it. Those
States that do exercise the right will get the
full benefit. The entire enumeration of the
inhabitants is to be made in thirty days. "A
very slow organization must exist in the Census
Bureau if the columns1 relating to each State
cannot be added up and the divisor furnished
by this bill applied with a result within-twenty,
nay, even ten days. But it is said that the
Legislatures cartnotbe called togetherin season
to create the new districts. In these days of
railroads and telegraphs days count as months
a century ago.
It is said again, see what costand expense it
will be to the States to have special sessions.
Let those States that value money more than
equal representation listen to that argument
and act upon it; and let those that believe they
have sufficient interest in the taxation and
other questions acted upon in this House
incur the expense of it.
If the members will recall the dates that I
have before given as to the passage of the dif-
ferent apportionment acts they will see that six
of those apportionments were made in the
year preceding the 4th of March, at which the
new terms were to commence. In all these
cases special sessions of the Legislatares were
necessary to redistrict the States.
