1836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
ninety per cent, of their par value. The banks
took these seenrities, and entered upon the
business of banking. Congress also charged
for (his privilege a tax on their circulation of
about one perxent. That tax was a tax above
any tax that had ever before been assessed by
the United States or any State government on
banks. They have also been taxed over and
above the ordinary State taxes previous to the
war about three and one half per cent. I think
the tax upon the banks previous to the war
only averaged from one to two per cent. I am
informed that it never exceeded two per cent.
The tax now, as we are informed by the Comp-
troller of the Currency, amount* to four and
four tenths per cent per annum upon these
banks, including State and national taxes.
Senators will thps see that the banks are taxed
from two and one half to three and one half per
cent, more than they were before the war
under State laws.
It seems to me that after the enactment of
these laws these banks have vested rights under
them. You have said to them, "Give up your
State banking institutions and you shall nave
* n circulation upon these terms; only take the
securities of the United States instead of your
State securities." They have entered into this
contract j and yet it is now proposed to force
these banks again aud compel them now by
this section to take a security bearing but four
aud oue half per cent, interest on the average.
It seems to me that having entered Into this
contract, jt would .be unjust for the Govern-
ment to attempt to abrogate it. In my opinion,
it wonld be doing injustice to themseves, to
the banks, and to.the people.
Sir, it is not wealthy people alone who hold
these bank stocks. Poor people who have a
email amount of means and are able to buy a
share of stock in a bank for $100, or $200, or
$1,000, have invested their money in these
banks, as well as the wealthy portion of the
community. Asa usual thing the most wealthy
class have not the great mass of their money
invested in banks. It is invested in real estate,
where they reap the benefits of high rents, and
where their property has increased, from one
hundred to two hundred per cent, during the
war.
Sir* each class of our.community.has pros-
pered during the war, and I assert that it is a
mistaken presumption to suppose that the
banks have prospered more than any other, class.
The merchants and manufacturers throughout
the country made more money during the war,
twice the amount of money each year that they
ever did previous to the war, and sometimes
four and five times the amount. The income
returns show this. The same is true of the
fanners and the producers generally. They
received during the war for the limited amount
that they produced, owing to the great demand
of the Army, double price, sometimes three
times the price, a,nd in many instances four
times the price that they received previous to
the war. They sold their products for currency.
They invested that currency in United States
stocks, perhaps; or if they did not, do that, the
Currency was remitted to the Eastaud was there
invested in United States stocks. Then how
comes it that the farmers have not reaped the
same advantages from these high prices and
this currency as any other class of the com- ■
inunity? They, as well as the merchants, the
manufacturers, and all other classes of the
people, have been prosperous.
You see what the banks have made, Because
they exhibit it; they declare their annual divi-
dends : but can it be asserted that these divi- ,
dends throughout the interior of the country
have been excessive? No, sir; the dividends
of" the banks in the interior have been small.
They are not so large now as they were pre-
vious to the war. They declare a three and a
half or four per cent, dividend, perhaps five
per cent, occasionally, where they declared a
five and six per cent, dividend previous to the j
war. I call to my mind now a bank in SyFa- 1
case, New York, which, m a gentleman in-
formed me, previous to the war under the State
system declared a dividend of six per cent.;
and yet they have not been able to declare a
dividend of more than four per cent, within
the past two or three years. Undoubtedly
during the time they got a high premium on
their gold, 200 or 2o0, they made large earn-
ings. They were also agents for the sale of
bonds, traded in them, and accumulated per-
haps considerable money.
But, sir, that time has ceased. Instead of
getting nine per cent, or eight and a half per
cent, per annum in currency on bonds, as
they formerly did, gold is now at a premium
of only ten per cent, and they are only getting
six per cent, perannum upon the bonds. That
takes away worn the dividends three per cent,
to commence with. If you reduce the interest
on the bonds one and a half per cent., that
will reduce the earnings of the banks to four
and a half per cent. What i§ going to be the
result of this ? If you reduce this interest, will
notyour manufacturingand your industrial pur-
suits suffer ? Will they invest their money in
these banks unless they can get seven per cent,
per annum ? I think not.
For illustration, we will suppose that a bank
has a capital invested in your new bonds at
four and a half per cent, of $100,000. The
interest on the money invested in that is worth
seven per cent, on an average, we will say, in
the State of New York. It will. therefore
amount to seventy dollars on a bond of $1,000.
These banks, on the average, have to retain a
reserve of twenty per cent., and the interest
on that twenty per cent, is fourteen dollars.
The Government tax on $800 of circulation is
eight dollars. Interest on mutilated currency
and other expenses amount, we will say, to eight
dollars. Therefore, upon a bond of $1,000 it
earns $100. Then we will say that the inter-
est on the bond at four and a half per cent,
is forty-five dollars. The interest on the $800
circulation which they have a right to circulate
at seven per cent, per annum makes fifty-six
dollars. Their income, therefore, is $101, and
on their investment they receive $100. It
costs them $100. Consequently the bank, on
that principle, can only divide a dividend of
three and a half per cent, semiannually,
unless from their deposits they earn enough to
more than pay the expenses of doing their
business. They have got to make enough to
pay their expenses out of the interest on their
deposits, otherwise they cannot divide three
and one half pet cent, per annum.
Now, what I claim is that you should allow
the banks to take these botids the same as any
other individual, and not compel them to take
them. Give them the privilege of taking them
or not, as they choose. You tax them for
their circulation. If you do not tax them
enough now tax them more. You have that
power. If they can afford to pay more tax
they will do so, or else they will go out of busi-
ness. But allow them to depoait the best secur-
ities that they can get if they choose to do so.
If they prefer to hold their 1881 bonds, and
they have invested in them, let them hold tnem.
They are worth more than the others, and in
that way you retain your bonds that are paying
six per cent, per annum iu this country instead
of forcing them to go abroad. If you force
the hanks to put these bonds paying a high rate
of interest on the market those bonds are going
to be forced abroad instead of your four and a
half per. cenU bonds. That will be the inevit-
able result, and those bonds will, come into
actual competition with these bonds. You
will place a six ,per cent, bond for sale in the
market of New York and in the markets of
Europe right along side of your four, four and
a half, and five per cent, bonds.
The banks are required to make this pro-
posed exchange of bonds within twelvemonths,
l'hey are to dispose of their present bonds in
twelve months. They have got to commence
at once. Consequently this funding scheme
must stop, so as far as putting this provision in
operation is concerned, for twelve months at
least, because so long as $350,000,000 of the
present bonds are being placed on the market
it is folly to suppose that people will take the
other bonds.
It is said that by this provision you are going
to place the banks on a more stable founda-
tion ; give them more stability. I ask, how do
you place the banks upon a more stable founda-
tion than they were before ? Will they be any
more stable upon a four and a half per cent,
bond than they are upon a six per cent, bond ?
It seems to me not. Will your billholders be
more secure upon a four and a half per cent,
bond than they are upon a six per cent, bond ?
I think not. Suppose you return to specie
payments within three or six months, are you
going to resume specie payments on an average
bond of four and a half per cent. ? Can you
take that and force it in the market ? Can the
Government, if it is pledged to redeem these
bank bills, take these four and a half per cent,
bonds and sell them at par in the market when
they still have on hand a large amount of these
other bonds that they are trying to dispose of?
I think not. It seems to me that it is prepos-
terous to think of such a thing.
Some of the banks have already given up their
charters under the United States law. One of
the best financiers in the country has already
thrown up the charter of his bank. I refer to
Mr. Thomas Olcott, a man eminent for his
financial ability. The Government tried to
induce him to accept the Comptrollership of
the Currency at your Treasury here, but he
declined it. I think the name of his bank is
the American Exchange Bank of Albany. He
threw up his charter. He said he could make
i more money under the old State system, and
he would not have anything further to do with
: the national system. Under the United States
laws he was compelled to keep a reserve of
twenty per cent.; he had to pay a tax upon
his circulation; he had to pay a tax upon
every dollar deflysited; and these laws were so
stringent that they became odious and excess-
ive in his opinion. He therefore declined to
have anything further to do with the national
banking system.
But, sir, notwithstanding all that, I believe it
to be a good system when properly secured.
When you give to these banks the same rights
and privileges to take your bonds and invest
in your securities that you give other people,
then you treat them justly and equitably; but
when you charge them more for their bonds
than you charge anybody else, you make an
unjust discrimination. When you compel them
to take a bond bearing a lower rate of interest
than you will let anybody else have, or a bond
that no one else will take, and say to them they
have got to take it, you make an unjust dis-
crimination. Anjr system established on that
basis will work injury to us as a nation finan-
cially. It ynll work injustice, and the people
will so regard it. The men who have their
means invested in these institutions will regard
it as unjust, and it will injure your credit. I
say this provision is simply a lever to compel
the banks to take these bonds, instead of giv-
ing them the free option to take them or not,
as they choose, and secure their circulation
upon a bond at a low rate of interest or a high
rate, as they choose. If it is a low rate of
interest, they should be required to deposit
more bonds. If they are bonds worth more
money, if they are six per cent, bonds, less
should be required. Under the existing bank-
ing law you have provided for this. You have
provided under the existing law that if the
bonds are not sufficient to secure the circu-
lation the Comptroller of the Currency may
require a greater amount. Consequently I pro-
pose to give the banks the privilege of taking
these bonds if they choose to do so. If they
are not sufficient to secure the circulation
more of them will be required, and that will
make a greater demand for tliem, and they
