3724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
in itself and will be properly responded to at
the proper period. 1 say this is as good a one,
so far as I am concerned, as any other time ;
and the merit of the proposition being conceded,
and it having been decided that it is properly
before the Senate, I do not see why we should
not dispose of it at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Michigan, which is to add the estimates. What
is the amount?
Mr. CHANDLER. The Clerk will report
the amount. It is $7,769,900.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the items ought
to be taken in detail.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Clerk can report
them in detail.
Mr. POMEROY. We should have a sep-
arate vote on each appropriation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan offers the estimates as an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer the whole of the
estimates as an amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
to offer them one at a time, and that, we take
a vote separately on each one.
Mr. CHANDLER. You can ask to have
the amendment divided. !
Mr. CAMERON. I ask to have the amend-
ment divided.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; let the items
be read seriatim. _ 1
The Chief Clerk read the first item, as fol-
lows :
For improving tho harbor of Cleveland, Ohio,
S39,ooo. ;
Mr. HAMLIN. Now let us take the ques- J
tion on that. i
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves this as an amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. ANTHONY. If this is adopted can
other amendments be moved?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly. The
amendment as amended would still be amend-
able. The question now is on the amendment
to the amendment.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 23, noes 18.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question,
and declared the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I demand the
yeas and nays. ["No!" "No!"] Iinsiston
the yeas and nays. I want to finish this bill,
if possible.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CHANDLER. Before the result is an-
nounced, I desire to give notice of an amend-
ment to be offered to this bill, which I ask to
have referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations.*
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The result was announced—yeas 24, nays
22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cragin, Drake,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harris, Howard, Howe, Howell, Johnston,
Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Saulsbury, Scott, Spencer, Sumner, Tipton, Vick-
ers, and Williams—24. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow,Buckingham,
Casserly, Chandler, Colo, Corbett, Davis, Flanagan,
Ilarlan, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Osborn,
lloss, Sawyer,Sherman, Sprague, Thayer, Thurman,
Warner, and Yates—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreman, Car-
penter, Cattell, Conkling, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry,
Fowler, Lewis, McCreery, Morton, Norton, Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Riee. Robertson. Schurz,
Stewart, Stockton, Trumbull,Willey, and Wilson—28,
So the motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate (at twenty-seven minutes past ten o'clock
p. m.) adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 23, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and j
approved. j
order of business. j
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of the States
and Territories, beginning witk the State of
Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees and not to be brought back by >
motions to reconsider. IInder this call memo- j
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order for printing and
reference.
frauds in congressional elections, etc.
Mr. WARD introduced a bill (H. R. No.
20G8) to detect and punish frauds committed
at elections for Representatives and Delegates
in Congress, and electors for President and
Vice President of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
duties on imports.
Mr. COX introduced a bill(H. R. No. 2069)
to reduce the ratesof dutieson foreign imports
and to abolish specific and compound duties;
which was read afirst and second time, referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
j. k. viseit.
Mr. HARRIS introduced a bill (II. R. No.
2070) authorizing the Secretary of the Interior
to settle and pay the accounts of J. K. Viser, !
clerk of the United States district court for
the northern district of Mississippi; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
relief from political disabilities.
Mr. MORPHIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2071) to relieve certain persons therein named
of all legal and political disabilities; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
select Committee on Reconstruction.
navigation of the st. lawrence, etc.
Mr. LAWRENCE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2072) to secure to citizens of the United
States the navigation of the St. Lawrence, and in
relation to commercial intercourse with Canada
and the British American provinces; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
william blair.
Mr. PECK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2073) granting a pension to William Blair, of
the war of 1812 ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and the War of 1812.
mississippi pilots.
Mr. STEVENSON introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 292) for the relief of the pilots
of the Mississippi squadron and their surviv-
ing families ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
rocky river.
Mr. UPSON introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 293) authorizing a survey of the
mouth of Rocky river; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
political disabilities.
Mr. STOKES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2075) for the relief of sundry citizens of Ten-
nessee of all political disabilities; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
select Committee on Reconstruction.
navigation of cumberland uiveit.
Mr. PROSSER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2074) making an appropriation for improving
the navigation of the Cumberland river, in ths
States of Kentucky and Tennessee; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, introduced a bill
(H. 11. No. 2070) to relieve certain persons ot'
all political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth article of the amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
select Committee on Reconstruction.
sessions of congress, etc.
Mr. McCRARY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2077) to repeal an act entitled "An act to fix
the time for the regular meetings of Congress,"
approved January 22, 1867, and to fix the sal-
aries of members of Congress ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures, and ordered to
be printed.
edward p. johnson.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, introduced a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 294) for the relief
of Edward P. Johnson; which was read a first
and second time, and, with the accompanying
papers, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
muddy river canal company.
Mr. FITCH introduced a bill (H. R. No.
i 2078) to incorporate the Muddy River Canal
Company, and for a grant of land to aid in the
construction of a canal for irrigation, and for
other purposes, in the State of Nevada; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
; the Committee on the Public Lands, and
i ordered to be printed.
marine hospital, yokohama, japan.
Mr. FITCH also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2079) to provide a marine hospital and other
necessary buildings at Yokohama, Japan;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been completed, the
next business in order during the morning
hour is the call for resolutions, &c., to be pre-
sented for consideration at the present time.
The call rested on Monday last with the State
1 of New York.
trade witii british provinces.
Mr. BENNETT submitted the following
i resolution, upon which he called the previous
question:
' Resolved, That tho Secretary of tho Treasury be.
and is hereby, directed to causo an inquiry to be
made, for the information of Congress, relative to
the extent and state of trade between the United
States and the several dependencies of Great Britain
in North America, and is hereby authorized to desig-
nate a suitable person to make such inquiry; the
same being with no view to tho establishment ot a
! reciprocity treaty with such dependencies, but to es-
tablish improved relations with those dependencies.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which was upon adopt-
ing the resolution.
Mr. PAINE. Does not this resolution pro-
vide for a new officer?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order,
the main question having been ordered.
The question was taken upon agreeing to the
resolution; and it was not adopted.
publication of congressional debates.
Mr. LAFLIN submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution, upon which he called
the previous question:
Whereas the present contract for publishing the
debates and proceedings of Congress will expire on
the 4th day of March next: Therefore, .
Resolved* That the Committee on Pnnting be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of iurtner
