1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1837
will have to purchase more of them than they
would otherwise.
There is 110 doubt of the fact that the large
profits derived from banking institutions are
principally confined to the large cities where
capital is concentrated and where it is lyinj*
idle. Bankers there have the advantage of
investing in securities on call, on which they
make a large amount of profits. But through-
out the interior of the country it is totally differ-
ent. If you wish to destroy all the country
banks inaugurate this system; compel them to
substitute these bonds, and no national bank
in the country can maintain itself. The deposits
are so small in the small country towns that
they cannot live. If the deposits were large,
as "they are in the cities, they might perhaps
be able to do so; but they cannot live under
this proposition, particularly considering that
gold is now near par. I am credibly informed
by persons interested in banks now existing
in this country that if this bill passes they will
be compelled to wind up; that they cannot
live under it. They simply receive an inter-
est now of from three and a half to four per
cent, semi-annually for their investment.
The Senator from California [Mr. Casserly]
this afternoon alluded to what the Bank of
England has done. Sir, I care but very little
what the Bank of England has done. If Eng-
land has repudiated a portion of its debt I
think it is a very bad example for ns to follow.
The reason that emigration is flowing toward
our country fsbecauseof oppression in Europe.
That oppression has been such as to drive our
forefathers here, and the forefathers of our
friend from California and himself from Eu-
rope. If the oppression there has compelled
people to come here I think we should use
them differently in this country; we should
establish a different code of morality; we
should live up to our engagements instead of
repudiating them. I thought we had an Amer-
ican idea here; that we were going to pay our
debts in full; that we would not repudiate;
that we were going to stand by what we said
we would do.
It seems to me we should not be governed
by anything that a monarchical form of gov-
ernment, a government of oppression, does.
If they choose to confiscate a portion of their
public debt or double the amount of their debt
for the sake of getting their interest at three
per cent.; if they choose to issue to their aris-
tocracy double the amount in bonds that they
originally held, simply for the sake of obtaining
a loan at three per c«nt. which actually cost
them six, is that any reason why we should do
it? Do we want to enter upon that course?
Do we wish to tax the coming generations
double the amount of our debt for the sake of
putting it down to three per cent., and locating
that atnong the wealthy aristocracy of the coun-
try? No, sir. We propose to bear this rate of
interest until we can get a loan at a lower rate ;
until we can offer to the holder the money in
one hand and a bond in the other; until we can
say to him, " We will pay you fairly and squarely
as we promised ; here is your money, take it;
or there is a bond, if you prefer it; and we will
pay it as fast as we can.'' That, in my opinion,
is honest; that, in my opinion, is right; that,
in my opinion, is business-like, as every man
should transact his business, and as every
nation ought.
The Seuator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] it seems to ine, mistook the scope of this
proposition so far as the tax on the banks is
concerned. I judge from his remarks that he
thought this section exempted the banks fur-
ther than the present banking act does from
taxation. I do not so understand it. I know
many other Senators so regarded it; but that
is a fallacy; it is not so. They are charged
the same rate of tax, and the same tax will be
levied upon these banks, where the security is
fourand a half per cent., that was levied when
it was six per cent., with the exception possibly
of the income tax. I am not positive but that
that will be considered a part of their profits
when they come to make dividends, and they
will be compelled to pay the income tax upon
the dividends, which amounts to the same
thing. Certainly they will be taxed upon their
entire stock by the States the same as thev are
now.
Now, how will this bill affect the people in
the State of Massachusetts, where they are
enabled to charge just what they choose? It
is not limited to six per cent, as it was for-
merly. Their usual interest now is six per cent.
If these banks cannot make a dividend of six
per cent, per annum, and you reduce it to four
per cent., what do you do? You compel the
manufacturers of Massachusetts, and the peo-
ple there who have to borrow money, to pay
one and a half percent, more for it. You charge
the industries of the country, the people who
want the money most, that additional amount.
It seems to me it will work, even there, an
injury to the community. I think the Senator
from Massachusetts could not really have con-
sidered this proposition in the light of its
effect upon the community there, particularly
the industrial portion of the community. It
will work the same effect in every community
where manufacturers and others have to bor-
row money. They will have to pay more for
their money than they do now, if this section is
adopted.
It has been said that these banks have a large
accumulated capital. Sir, where did that large
accumulation of capital come from ? Has it
been all accumulated under the national bank
system? No, sir. The banks under the old
State bank system were moved bodily into the
national system, and they carried their surplus
andalltheearnings of previousyears with them.
The Chemical Bank of New York, with a nom-
inal capital of $300,000, carried into the na-
tional bank system $500,000, or $1,00,000, I
think it amounted to $1,000,000—as surplus.
That is counted as the surplus of a national
bank now, as it happens to be a national bank;
but it was earned under the old Sta<fc system.
It was not earned under the present national
bank system. That is an entire fallacy.
Those who have looked into this subject
understand perfectly well that the State banks
were transferred with all their means and all
their property, right into national banks. They
only changed their names, and took a portion
of their money and put it into United States
bonds ; and since that time, by a requirement
of law, they are compelled to retain a certain
amount of their earnings. Was it the intention
of the Government when it compelled them to
retain this portion of their earnings to take it
from them? Can it do that? That is alleged
as a reason why the interest on their bonds
should be reduced. Those earnings other-
wise would' have been divided the same as
every merchant and manufacturer divided his
earnings during the war. If that had been
done they would not have appeared so large.
You have all made your money; you have all
got it in your pockets. Will you not extend to
the banks the same fair play that you have had
yourselves ?
I have no doubt that A. T. Stewart during
the war made more money on the advance of
his goods than any banking institution did.
Cotton goods went up from ten cents to sixty
cents a yard. Do you propose to take a por-
tion of those profits ? Do you complain of his
making those large profits? _ The farmer who
was getting fifty cents for his wheat previous
to the war. before the war terminated was get-
ting two dollars a bushel for it. _ So with beef,
so with butter, so with everything of the pro-
ducts of the farm. Each had his day of pros-
perity, the banks with the others, the banks no
more than any others, and now their day of
adversity has come. When you compel them
to redeem their circulation in specie, then you
bring them down, as we say on the Pacific
coast, upon the " bed rock then you place
them on a sound, safe basis, and they will not
be dividing such large dividends as they have
done heretofore.
Sir, I am willing that the banks should be
allowed to use these stocks as a basis of circu-
lation as well as any others ; but I am willing
also to allow them to deposit a better stock,
bearing a higher rate of interest, if they choose
to do so, and the more bonds bearing a high
rate of interest we keep here at home, the
better for us. If we are going to make a loan
abroad I do not want to send anything there
but our lowest rate of interest bonds. I want
to pay as little gold abroad as possible. I want
as little gold to flow there each six months as
possible. The more of the bonds bearing a
high rate of interest we can keep here at home
the better it will be for us.
I intended to vote to strike out this section,
but the Senator from Connecticut has accepted
an amendment to it. In my judgment my
amendment is better. It simply gives any
banks that are organized the right to deposit
these bonds if they choose. In that respect I
think it covers the entire case. I think, too,
that this section has nothing to do in this bill.
We simply propose to fund our national debt
into these bonds. We offer them to the pub-
lic. We offer them to the banks. We want
their assistance. Do not treat them unfairly.
Give them fair play, as you do other persons.
Say to them, "Take these bonds and we will
allow you one half per cent, commission for
selling them ; sell them to the people in your
neighborhood ; exchange them if you can;
they are a long bond, bearing such a rate of
interest; they are free from income tax, and
they will be an advantage to you." Sir, we
want this assistance. I think if you wi 11
allow the Secretary to introduce this loan,
without compelling the banks to take these
bonds, you will secure its introduction much
better than you will by attempting to force it
on them.
We say we intend to treat the banks fairly.
Suppose a party comes in power that does not
want to treat the banks fairly. Suppose a
party comes in power and says to the Repub-
lican party, "You compelled the banks to
reduce the interest on their bonds to four and
a half per cent.; you used this Bcrew upon
them; you compelled them to take these new
bonds; now we are going to compel them to
take a three per cent, bond; we are going to
compel them to take a two and a half per cent,
bond ; we will compel them to do that or oblige
them to wind up ; we will compel them to take
bonds at one per cent." Can you do this
injustice? Can you do this without great loss
to them ? A bank that has got outstanding a
large amount of money cannot wind up and
collect that money without great loss.
This the committee very well know. Per-
haps the Secretary of the Treasury may not
have considered it. It seems" 'to me it is a
very grave thing when yotfSompel these banks
either to substitute these bonds or to wind up.
We all know thai outstanding accounts are
hard to collect. If you conduct any business
you may Collect them, but if you are forced to
collect them at once it subjects you to great
loss.
I trust, therefore, Mr. President, that this
section will be stricken out or amended. I
believe I have made all the suggestions that I
care to make upon it. I trust that the section
will be so amended that it will not throw dis-
credit upon us as a nation and makeus distasteful
in the eyes of the people at home and abroad,
as I fear it may.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think my friend from
Oregon who has just spoken, and whom I did not
wish to interrupt in the thread of his remarks,
must have misunderstood the purport of what
I said to-day. I spoke of no action on the part
of the British Government that was a repudia-
tion of any portion of its debt. W hat I spoke
of was the policy of that Government in deal-
ing with the Bank of England, with respect to
so much of the circulation of that bank as wHs
