3726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Bailey, Bank?, Barry, Beaman, Bennett, Benton,
liingham, Blair, Booker, Bowen, Boyd, George M.
Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Roderick R. Butler,
Cessna, Churchill, William T.Clark, Conger, Conner,
Covoilo, Cowles, Dawes, Dixon, Donley, Dox, Ferry,
Fitch, Garfield, Harris. Hays, Hoar, Hooper, Inger-
soll, Jenckes, Judd, Kelley, Kelsey, Latiin, Lnsh,
Logan, Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy, Mcliee,
McKcnr.ic, Mercur, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell,
Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Paine, Peek,Peters, Phelps,
Piatt, Poland. Poineroy, Prosser, Roots, Sawyer,
Schumaker, Scofield. Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod,
Joseph S. Smith, Wortliington C. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland,
Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Twichell, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William B.Washburn, Welker, Wheeler,
Wilkinson, and Eugene M. Wilson—87.
NOT VOTING—IIcssrs. Armstrong, Barnum.Beck,
Benjamin, Biggs, Boles, James Brooks, Buck, Bur-
dett, Benjamin P. Butler, Cake, Degener, Dickey,
Dickinson, Ferriss, Fisher, Fox, Getz, Gillillan,
IIaigbt,HaIe, Hambleton,Hamilton, Heaton, Hoge,
Hotohkiss, Julian, Kellogg, Ketcham.Ivnapp, Lynch,
Mayhaui, MeCormick, Milnes, Samuel P. Morrill,
Packer. Palmer, Perce, Porter, Randall, Sanford,
Schenck, Porter Sheldon, Shober, William Smyth,
Stile.,, Strader, Taffe, Townsend, Upson, Van Auken,
Van Horn, Voorhees, Wells, Whitmore, and John T.
Wilson—56.
So the resolution was disagreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, stated that,
believing the resolution was intended to delay
the passage of the bill, he would vote "no."
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The morning hour then expired.
examiner ok claims state department.
Mr. BANKS. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. 1NGERS0LL. Is it in order for me to
move to proceed to the consideration of the >
business upon the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for, which is a motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to
suspend the rules, coming over from Monday
last, to take up for action Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 120, to provide for the appointment
of an examiner of claims for the Department
of State and for additional clerks in the Depart-
ment. It takes away the right of the gentleman
from Illinois to move to go to the business
upon the Speaker's table.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
for the appointment by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, of a
suitable person learned in the law to be exam-
iner of claims of the Department of State, who
shall receive the annual salary of $3,500. It
further proposes to authorize the Secretary of
State to employ three additional clerks for in-
dexing the books, papers, and documents of
the Department; two of them to be clerks of
the fourth class, and the other of the third
class. For the payment of such examiner of
claims and clerks, and for the compensation
of extra and temporary clerks whose employ-
ment may be necessary, the sum of $13,700 is
appropriated.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to intimate to the
House that it is my intention to move to re-
duce the appropriation from $13,700 to $7,500,
■which I find is all that is necessary, in view of
the time for which the appropriation has to be
made.
Mr. JENCKES. This has already been
provided for in a bill which has passed the
House.
Mr. KELSEY. I rose at the same time as
the gentleman from Rhode Island for the pur-
pose of asking whether provision has not been
made for this in another bill, and whether
anything else is desired than to provide for the
remainder of this fiscal year.
Mr. BANKS. That is all. It is merely
desired to make this appropriation until the
service is provided for by law.
Mr. KELSEY. But the resolution is not so
framed. The clerks referred to have been pro-
vided for, as regards the coming year, in the
regular appropriation bill.
Mr. JENCKES. This resolution ought not
to pass in any form. This service has already*
been provided for iu every reapect.
Mr. BANKS. Not the service provided for
by this bill.
Mr. JENCKES. Provision has been made
for an examiner of claims and three clerks.
Mr. BANKS. That has not yet become law.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts .[Mr- Banks] yield to me for a
moment?
The SPEAKER. Debate can proceed only
by unanimous consent.
Mr. COX. I desire merely to say, in further-
ance of what has been stated by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, that there has been no pro-
vision made for an examiner of claims against
foreign Governments presented in our State
Department; and that I know from personal
experience as a lawyer, in connection with such
claims, that it is indispensable now-a-dayathat
there shall be an examination of those claims
prior to their presentation either to foreign
Governments or to commissions appointed for
their settlement.
Mr. JENCKES. There has been provision
made for that.
Mr. COX. There is no law existing which
makes such provision, as has already been
stated by the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] that I
do not wish to oppose everything that comes
from the other side of the House. When val-
uable measures come from that side I shall
support them; and I support this resolution
because it assists our citizens to get their just
claims against foreign Governments by pro-
viding for their indorsement from a legal source
before they are presented.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object to debate, and call
'for the regular order.
Mr. BANKS. I only desire to say further
that this appropriation is needed to-day. There
is no law existing which supplies it. As soon
as the law referred to by the gentleman from
Rhode Island goes into effect this will cease.
The question was on suspending the rules,
in order to bring the joint resolution before
the House.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
88, noes 35.
Mr, JENCKES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended.
The joint resolution was taken from the
Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time.
The question was on ordering the joint reso-
lution to be read a third time.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend the joint
resolution by striking out " $13,700" and in-
serting " $7,500."
The amendment was agreed to.-
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend so as to
provide that the joint resolution shall only
continue in force until the end of the present
fiscal year.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The fiscal year com-
mences a very few weeks hence. If that lim-
itation is made the resolution will be of no
avail.
Mr. BANKS. I would be willing to limit
its operation until the time when the act which
has been referred to takes effect. But I should
not like a particular day to be fixed, and for
that reason I cannot agree to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from New York.
The question was put on Mr. Kelsey's
amendment; and there were, on a division—
ayea 30, noes 88.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed..
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
.by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enforcement of fifteenth amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move thatthe rules be suspended, that
the amendment of the Senate to the bill (11.
R. No. 1203) to enforce the right of citizens
of the United States to vote in the several
States of this Union, and for other purposes,
be taken from the Speaker's table, and that
the House non-concur in the said amendment,
and ask a conference in relation thereto. "
The question was put; and there were, on
a division—ayes 122, noes 3G.
Mr. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on suspending the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 133, nays 55, not voting 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, B.irry.
Beaman, Beatty, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Butun-
ton, Burchard, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke. Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb. Coburn, Cook, Conger, Co-
vode, Cowles, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Degener,
Dickey, Dixon, Dockeiy, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela,
Farnsworth, ierry, Finkelnburg, Fitch, Gnrfieid,
Hale, Hamilton, Harris. Hawley, Hay, Hays, Heilin,
Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Hotchki'S, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Alexander II. Jones, Judd, Kelley. Kelsey, Knapj,,
Latiin, Lash, Lawrence. Logan, Loughridge, Lynch,
Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary, McUrew, McKee,
Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore, Mor-
phis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
Packard, Packer, Paino.Peck, Peters, Phelps, Piatt,
Poland. Pomeroy. Prosser, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer,
Scolield, Lionel A.Sheldon, John A.Smith, William
J. Smith, Wortliington C. Smith, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland,
Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Twichell,
Tyner, Upson. Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwaluder C.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,Wheeler,
Whitmore, Wilkinson, AVillard, Williams, John T.
Wilson, and Winans—133.
NAYS—Messrs. Axteli, Bock, Bird, Booker, James
Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cleveland, Conner, Cox, Crebs,
Dickinson, Dox, Eldridge, Fox, Gibson, Griswold,
Haldeman, Hamill, ^Hawkins, Holman, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones. Kerr, Knott, Lewis, Marshall,
Mayham, McKenzie, McNeely, Morgan, Morrissey,
Mungen, Niblaek, Potter, Reeves, Rice, Ridgway,
Rogers, Schumaker, Sherrod, Sliober. Slocuin, Jo-
seph S. Smith, Stone, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble,
Van Auken,Van Trump, Voorhees, Eugene M.Wil-
son, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Bar-
num, Benjamin, Biggs, Boles, Buck, Benjamin F.
Butler, Cake, Ferriss, Fisher, Getz, Gilfil lan, llaiglit,
Hambleton, Heaton, Hoge, Julian, Kellogg, Ketch-
am, McCormick, Milnes, Jesse II. Moore, Samuel
P. Morrill, Orth, Palmer, Perce, Porter, Randall,
Sanford, Schenck, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, William
Smyth, Stiles, Strader, Townsend, Van Horn, Wells,
and Witcher—40.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, the amendment of the
Senate was taken from the Speaker's table and
non-concurred in, and a conference asked on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Bingham,
Mr. Davis, and Mr. Kerr managers of ihe
conference on the part of the House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is it in order
to ask that the bill with the amendment be
printed, so that the House may see it?
The SPEAKER. It is in order. If there
be no objection the bill with the amendment
will be ordered to be printed. The Chair hears
no objection, and it is so ordered.
new york and washington railroad.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to suspend the
rules to take from the Speaker's table the bill
(H. 11. No. 19) to authorize the building of a
military and postal railway from Washington,
District of Columbia, to the city of New York.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 110, nays 73, not voting 45 ; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Allison,Ambler, Ames, Asper, At-
wood, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Beaman, Beatty,
Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Booker, Loyd,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buthnton. Burchard.
Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Churchill. William f.
Clark. Sidney Clarke. Amasa Cobb. Clinton L.Lohb,
Coburn, Cook. Conner, Cowles,Cullom, Davis, Doge-
ner, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Duval, l>yer,
Ela, Faruswortli, Finkelnburg. Garfield, Hamilton.
Harris, Hawley, Hay, Ileflin, HotclikHs, 1ih'oi,;h11,
Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, J add, lieUoy, lynajip.
Lash, Lawrence, Lougiitidge, Mayuard, McCarthy,
