6614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 378) granting
condemned cannon to the Delaware Soldiers
and Sailors' Monument Association ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 380) author-
izing the Secretary of War to furnish cannon
to soldiers' plat in Riveryiew cemetery, at
Trenton, New Jersey.
john bachjsldek.
The SPEAKER. The business pending at
the time the House took a recess was the re-
quest of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Calkin] to take from the Speaker's table
the bill (S. No. 1047) to extend letters-patent
granted to John Bachelder.
The bill, which was read, provides that let-
ters-patent granted to John Bachelder, dated
May 8, 1849, for improvement in sewing-
mechanism, as reissued December 12, 1865,
be, and the same are hereby, extended for the
benefit of John Bachelder, his heirs and legal
representatives, for seven years from and alter
the 8th of May, 1870; provided, however, that
said extended patent shall be open to legal
inquiry and decision in the same manner as if
issued under the general law relating to pat-
ents; and provided also that all persons who
have purchased said sewing-mechanism since
the expiration of said patent may continue to
use the said mechanism so purchased the same
as if this law had not been passed.
Mr. KBLSEY. I object.
Mr. CALKIN moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is to continue the
tax on sewing-machines.
Mr. CALKIN. No, sir.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 81,
noes 33.
Mr. PAINE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended.
The bill was taken up, and read a first and
second time.
i The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. CALKIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to. •
JACOB It. DAVIS.
Mr. BOOKER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution, authorizing the
payment of Jacob R. Davis as agent of the
Freedmen's Bureau.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read for information ; after which the Chair
will ask for objections, if any.
The joint resolution was read. It author-
izes and directs the Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau to payto Jacob R. Davis, of
Richmond county, Georgia, the sum of $1,500
out of any funds in his hands not otherwise
appropriated, in full for his services as agent
of Freedmen's Bureau from the 1st day of
June, 1866, to the 31st day of May, 1867.
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
Mr. BOOKER. I move to suspend the rules
that the resolution may be put upon its pas-
sage.
The question was put on the motion to sus-
oend the rules; and ihfere were, on a division—
ayes 49, noes 67.
Mr. BOOKER demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the Freedmen's Bureau having
been abolished, there is no fund remaining in
U e hands of the Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau, and such a resolution, therefore,
cannot be entertained.
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
order. It is a question to go to the House.
Mr. LOGAN. The point I desire to make
is, that as the resolution proposes that money
shall be paidbythe Commissioner ol the Freed-
men's Bureau when there is no such officer,
the House cannot introduce it.
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
order.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes eleven ; nofa sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered ; and
(two thirds not having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to make a privileged
report, but yield to the gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Kellogg,] who desires to intro-
duce a bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask leave to introduce
a bill for the relief of William T. Statts.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I demand the regular
order.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. DICKEY presented the following con-
ference report:
The committeo of conference on the disagreeing
votes ot' the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 20821
entitled "An act making appropriations tor the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending Juno 30,1861,
and for other purposes," having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
hereby recommend, to their respective Houses as fol-
lows :
That the Senato recedo from their disagreement
to the second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh,
eighth, ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth,
fourteenth, fifteenth, eighteenth, twenty-first,
twenty-second, twcuty-fifth, and twenty-seventh,
sections of the substitute of the House for the addi-
tional sections added by the Senate a? amendments
to the bill, and agree to tl>e saiae.
That the House recede from the sixteenth nnd
nineteenth sections of their substitute, and that the
same bo stricken from t!?e bill.
That the Senate recede fi oin their disagreement to
the seventeenth section of the Housosubstitute, and
agree to the same with the following amendments,
namely:
1. After tho word "were" in lino two insert the
words " while on duty."
2. Strike out all after tlieword"ranls " inhneffve
down to the end of the section.
And that tho House agree to said amendments.
That the Senaterccedcfrom theirdisagreement to
the twentieth section of tho substitute ot tho House,
and agree to the same with an amendment, namely :
in line two, after the words " United States" insert
the words " on tho active list."
That tho House agree to said amendment.
That the Senate recede froik their disagreement
to the twenty-third section of tho substitute of tho
House, and agree to the same with an amendment,
namely: in lino six striko out all after the word
"Sunday" down to the end of tho section; and that
the House agree to tho said amendment.
That tho Senate recede from their disagreement
to the twenty-fourth section of the substitute of the
House, and agreo to tho same with an amendment,
namely: in line three, after the word " one," insert
tho words "or more;" and that the House agreo to
the said amendment. .
That the Senato recedo from their disagreement
to the twenty-sixth section of the substitute of the
House, and agree to the same with tho following
amendments, namely:
1. Inline three strike out thewords twelvethou-
sand" and insert in lieu thereof tho words " thirteen
thousand five hundred."
2. In line four strike out the word ten" and in-
sert in lieu thereof the word " eleven."
3. In line five after the words ' seven thousand
add the words "five hundred."
4. In lino six after the words five thousand
insert the words " five hundred."
5. In line nineteen strike out theword fourteen
and insert in lieu thereof the word " fifteen.
6. In line twenty-nine strike out the woid cou-
7. Inline forty-one strike out thewords "when
necessary." ., ,
And that tho House agreo to all the said amend-
ments.
That both Houses agree to the following amend-
ments to the bill, namely:
1. In lines seven and eight strike out all after the
word " Army " and insert " $12,934,300." '
2. Strike out lines nine, ten, and eleven, and lines
fifteen and sixteen. 0. J. DICKEY.
JOHN A. LOGAN,
J. F. ASPER,
Managers on the part of the House.
HENRY WILSON,
SIMON CAMERON,
WILLARD WARNER,
illanaoern on the part of the Senate,
The report was agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of con-
ference was agreed to ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of capitol i'olicu.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which waB
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the men discharged by the reduc-
tion of the Capitol police and the watchman force be
paid for the present month of July out of the con-
tingent funds of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives in equal proportion.
clkkk of coumittbb o.n invalid pensions.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following:
Resolved, That tho clerk of the Committee on
Invalid Pensions no continued during tho recass
oi' Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let me say that unless
a clerk is allowed to the committee during the
recess there will be no pension bills passed
during the next, session. I move that the
rates lie suspended and the resolution passed.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 74, noes 45.
Mr. BENJAMIN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Benjamin
and Mr. IIoi.man were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported—
ayes 90, noes 28.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 103, nays 66, not, voting 61; as*follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Am ell, Asper, At-
wood, Axtell, Ayor, Barry, Xfcutty, Benjamin, lien-
ton,. Binghaui. Blair. Boles. Booker, Boyd, treorge
M. Brooks, Buck, Buflinton, Burchard, Burdett,
Roderick R. Butler, Cake. Calkin, Cessna. William
T. Clark. Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Conger, Cowles.
Ciillom, Degencr, Dickinson, Feruss, Finkelnburg.
Fitch, (iarlield, Cetz, Hamilton, Harris, Hay, Hays,
lteilm. Hill. Hoar, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Jenckcs,
Julian. Kellcy. Kellogg. Kelsey. Laflin. Lash, May-
nard, McCai thy, McCrary, McUrcw, McKcnzie, Mer-
cur, Milnes, Eliakim 11. Moore, Morphib, D.tuiel J.
Morrell. Mungen, Myers, O'Weill, Packard, Packer,
Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Phelps. Poland. Prosscr,
Rice, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William
Smyth,Starkweather.Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Taylor, Tillman, Town-
send, Trimble, Twichell, Upson, Waid, Wheeler,
Whiimor'e, ^'ii'ard, and John T. Wilson—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Barnuoi, Beck,
Biggs. Bird, James Brooks. Burr, Churchill, Conner,
Cox, "Donley, Farnsworth, Ferry, i ox, Grilfillan, (iris-
wold. llaight, Hardeman, Hambleton. Hamill, Haw-
kins, Hoitaan. Ingersoll, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones.
Judd, Kerr, Ketcham, Knapp, Knott, Lawrence,
Lewis, Loughridge, McCormick, MeNeely. William
Moore, Niblack, Peter?, Potter, Randall, Reeves,
Rogers, Hoots, Schumaker, Scofickl, Sherrod, Slo-
cum, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, Stiles,
Stone, Swa.nn, Sweeney, Tanner, Tynor, Van Wyek,
William B.Washburn, Welker, Wilkinson. Williams,
Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Winchester, Witcher,
and Woodward—66. _ .
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Bai-
ley, Banks, Beaman, Bennett, Bowen, Buckley,Ben-
jamin F.Butler, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L.
Cobb, Cook, Covode. Crebs. I)arm 11. Davis. Dawes,
Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Dox. Duval, Dyer, Ma,
Eldridge, Fisher, Gibson, Hale.Hawiey, Hoge, Alex-
ander II. Jones, Logan, Lynch, Marshall, Mayham,
McKee, Jesse II. Moore, Morgan. Samuel P. Morrill.
Morrissey, Negley, Newsliatn, Orth, Piatt, Pouieroy,
Porter, Ridgway, Schcnck, Shober, Worthington C.
Smith, Stevens, Strader, Van Auken, Van Horn,
Van Trump, Voorhees, Wallace, Cadwaiader C.Wash-
burn, Weils, and Wood—61.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
enrolled bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same :'
An act (S. No. 73) for the relief of the
trustees of Albert G. Sloo ;
An act (S. No. 270) for the relief of Mrs.
Margaret A. Laurie;
An act (S. No. 881) to amend the act to
incorporate the National Academy of Sciences;
An act (S. No. 1018) authorizing the estab-
lishment of water-meters for the Potomac wtiter,
tho laying ol an additional water-main fioni
the distributing reservoir of the Washington
aqueduct, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 1021) in amendment of the act
entitled "An act establishing a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout, the United States;"
An act (S. No. 1050) for the relief of the
third Arkansas cavalry;
