1838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
based upon the securities of the Government
bearing interest in the hands of the bank. I
stated as to that circulation that the policy of
that Government had been to require of the
bank, as some offset to the interest which it
derived from Government securities in its
hands, to pay to the Government a portion of
the profits from that circulation, which portion
of late years had come to be equal to three
fifths. I urged that as a precedent which would
warrant a very summary mode of dealing on
the part of Congress with our national banks.
Nothing was said or suggested anywhere of
repudiation in connection with that subject.
Nobody, I think, even among the warmest ad-
vocates of the Bank of England, ever breathed
that word in reference to the policy of the
Government. It never was supposed, so far
as I am aware, by anybody in that country,
when the Government of England insisted
upon the bank paying a certain proportion of
the profits derived from a franchise as a com-
pensation for it, that the charge of repudiation
could in any way grow out of the fact that the
bank at the same time held bonds of the Gov-
ernment bearing interest upon which circula-
tion was based. I am sure that would be to
have a very wild and vague idea of what con-
stitutes repudiation.
Mr. CORBETT. I understood the Senator
from California to state that the people de-
manded that they should give up a certain
portion of their bonds. I came in just as he
was making the statement, and did not perhaps
definitely understand whether it was a portion
of the bonds or the income therefrom: but I
supposed it was the income of the bonds. He
now states that it was the profits upon the cir-
culation. If the Senator claims that we have
& right to tax the circulation, if that is it, as I
understand him now, that is just what we are
doing. We tax the circulation of our national
banks one per cent. In addition thereto we
tax every dollar that is deposited in these
banks. I say we have a right to tax the cir-
culation of the banks; but what I contend is
that you should allow the banks to secure their
circulation upon the best bond of the Govern-
ment, and not compel them to take a lower
class of bonds to secure the circulation and
• the billholder than you offer to the people, or
compel them to take a bond that cannot be
negotiated among the people at home or abroad.
■1 say if this funding scheme is simply to end
with the banks, and they are compelled to take
these bonds bearing a low rate of interest, and
sell the bonds that are now paying them six
per cent., those bonds will go abroad. If you
compel them to take bonds paying four and a
half per cent. I say you are doing injustice to
your own people. You will force them within
twelve months to sell all this good class of
bonds, payi ng a high rate of interest, and which
secure the billholder beyond peradventure,
and to substitute a poorer class of bonds, mak-
ing it doubtful whether the circulation is secure
dpon them if the Government is compelled to
redeem in gold, and take those four and a half
per cent, bonds, and put them fa the market,
and redeem the notes in gold provided the
banks fail. That is my position, and I think
it U correct.
^ Mr. CASSERLY. One word more, sir.
The bill may be open to the objection stated
by the Senator from Oregon. I am not par-
ticularly an advocate of the bill in its general
outline, and I do not propose to discuss with
the Senator any of the objections which he has
stuted to the general character of the bill. I
rose merely to vindicate the statement which
I hud made to-day. The national debt of Eng-
land commenced originally in repudiation and
something worse. The Government without
the least right seized £1,600,000 deposited in
the Tower for safe-keeping by the London
goldsmiths. This transaction the Government
afterward compromised by consenting to con-
sider one half of the sum taken as a loan upon
which it would allow interest to the owners.
alf it never gave any account of.
! beginning of the English national
The other half
This was the
debt.
But I never heard of any suggestion of repu-
diation in connection with the matter of which
my friend from Oregon spoke awhile ago; that
was the policy of requiring the Bank of Eng-
land, as a Government measure and as due
to the people of that country, to pay a sum
equal to three fifths of its profits on the circu-
lation which was based on the Government
stock in its hands bearing interest. From that
I wished the inference to press itself on mem-
bers here whether the policy of this Govern-
ment should not be to require the national
banks to pay at least an equal proportion of
their profits into the Treasury for the relief of
the heavily taxed people of the country.
Considering the different circumstances of
the -two countries, aud the enormous profits
made by the national banks of this country, as
contrasted with the small profits upon which
the arrangement between the British Govern-
ment and the Bank of England was made—
profits estimated at only three per cent, per
annum—my idea would be that a larger pro-
portion than three fifths of the profits of the
banking Bystem of this country should go to
the benefit of the Treasury and of the people
of the United States.
Mr. CORBETT. I would like to ask the
Senator whether the Bank of England is taxed
aside from that? I ask for information.
Mr. CASSERLY. I really cannot answer
that question. I presume she is. The English
Government has, I think, taxed the interest
on its securities by the income tax.
Mr. CORBETT. If this is a tax in lieu of
the ordinary tax, such as we have in the shape
of State, county, and municipal taxation, our
tax quite amounts to perhaps that on the Bank
of England. We tax the national banks four
and four tenths per cent, now, in our national
and State taxes, on the average.
Mr. CASSERLY. The subsidy paid by the
Bank of jBngland is sixty per cent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I do not propose to speak upon the general
subject of this bill, and not to any extent upon
any portion of it. So far as the general objeet
of the bill is concerned, the refunding of the
public debt, of course we see at once that the
refunding of this debt at a lower rate of in-
terest is desirable. Whether it is possible or
not remains to be seen. It is said that the
Secretary of the Treasury is quite hopeful that
it can be refunded at a lower rate of interest.
I presume the committee who report this bill
share in that hope and confidence of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. That being so from
the start, so far as it was a bill for refunding
the public debt, I could see no objection to ;
allowing the experiment, for it is bdt an exper- j
iment, to be tried. '
1 am sorry that the Committee on Finance
have not been very united aa to the express
character of the consols, if we may so denom-
inate them, to be issued, the time they are to
run, and the rate of interest. But on the whole
I shall content myself with voting for it in
either shape, with four, four and a half, or five
per cent, bonds, or all combined.
But I rise now to speak particularly upon
uie feature of the bill which has been the sub-
ject of some consideration this afternoon, the
amendment to strike out that portion of it
which relates to the banking system of the coun-
try, and the inquiry is, is it necessary, and is
it expedient to ingraft that feature upon this
bill ?
In the first place, is it necessary ? What is
this bill ? It is a proposition in substance to
see whether the United States can borrow an
amount of money equal to its indebtedness
at a lower rate of interest. That is the prop-
osition. How does this particular feature
affect that proposition ? How does it become
necessary to legislate in regard to the banking
system of the country with a view of refund-
ing the public debt? Or how does it become
necessary to force these banks, if you please
into this general system with a view of borrow-
ing the same amount of money at a lower rate
of interest?
The Senator from Massachusetts says that
they may be properly coerced into this measure
on the ground of forcing them to contribute
their proportion to the great effort of refund-
ing this debt. Well, now, let us see if that is
necessary. These banks hold now, I believe,
about four hundred and twenty-five million
dollars in round numbers of the national debt.
That is placed, is it not? So far as that is con-
cerned there is no necessity of disturbing it.
It is the basis of your banking system. Do
you expect, so far as that $425,000,000 is con-
cerned, to borrow it at a lower rate ? Let us see.
What interest are you paying on that $425,-
000,000? You are paying six per cent. What
are you receiving back? The Government of
the United States directly, in the way of tax,
receives two and a half per cent. Therefore
you are paying only on that $425,000,000 three
and a half per cent., while your lowest bonds
are to be at four per cent, under this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my honorable friend
allow me to say that they pay no tax whatever
on the bonds they hold? They pay the tax on
the privilege of circulating our notes, printed
at our expense, which we give them without
interest, and they loan them out at from six
to twenty per cent. We get out of that some-
thing by putting a tax on it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Nevertheless
my proposition is true, that the Government
of tne United States, by placing these bonds
in the banks, absolutely does receive back, of
the six per cent, it pays, two and a half per
cent, from the banks. You may call it on the
bonds or you may call it on the franchise; it
is bound up in the system. The Government
pays to these banks six per cent, and takes
back two and a half per cent. In addition
to that the banks pay to the American people,
in the way of municipal taxes, nearly two per
cent. more. They pay an aggregate of four
and forty-four hundredths per cent, on the
entire capital.
Where will the honorable Senator place these
bonds at home or abroad where he will find as
low a rate of interest? My honorable friend
from Massachusetts says his proposition was
that we should force these banks to take bonds
at four per cent. Well, sir, if you force the
banks to take bonds at four per cent, and
do not relieve them of taxation, what is to be
the result ? Tho result, as everybody will gee,
would be that all the country banks which are
making moderate returns now, would go out
of existence. That is inevitable. But the
point to which I wish to call the attention of
the Senate distinctly ia that under the opera-
tion of your law you have placed $425,000,000
of your bonds in such a position in this bank-
ing system, that while you pay on them six
per cent, interest you receive back into the
Treasury of the United States two and a half
per cent., the people of the United States
receiving one ana a half per cent, besides. That
is my proposition; ana now I say if that prop-
osition i8 substantially correct, you cannot hope
to place these bonds under any circumstances,
either at home or abroad, at so low a rate of
interest; and therefore I submit that the meas-
ure is not necessary. It does not belong to
this bill; it is not germane; it is incongruous,
and on that hypothesis is not at all necessary.
Now, one word on the question of expedi-
ency. Is it expedient ? I think not. I think
it is not expedient because I doubt whether it
is safe to do it. It interferes with this bank
system. Suppose this bill takes effect, and
at the end of twelve months it is successful, as
the committee hope it will be, and all these
$426,000,000 bonds are withdrawn and thrown
upon the market, what is to be the effect of
that upon the market? The object is to place
these bonds, the object is to place four, fonr
