1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
52%
Congress, excepting perhaps Massachusetts or
Rhode Island, in a House containing three
hundred members instead of two hundred and
forty-three.
Now, I look upon this as a more important
question than the other. It is a more important
question what the number of the House of Rep-
resentatives shall be for the next ten years
than whether the apportionment shall apply to
the next Congress. It is supposed that it will
be satisfactory to the East because no eastern
State will lose a member. But this argument
goes for nothing; for though the East may
not absolutely lose, yet relatively she will lose
all that the West gains. If the additional fifty-
seven members will be gained in the West en-
tirely, it is of no practical account to the East
that I can see whether the majority against her
shall be in a vote of three hundied or a vote
of two hundred and forty-three; and really
this expedient comes down simply to this: that
a basis of three hundred is fixed for the pur-,
pose of keeping certain men in Congress, or,
perhaps, not so much for that as for the pur-
pose of keepitig a certain number of members
of Congress from given States. Now, I do not
deem that as of any particular importance.
ThattheStateof Maineshallcontinue to have
five members, or the State of Massachusetts ten
members, or New Hampshire three members, is
of very slight importance compared with the
general consideration of what is the evident
and proper number of the House of Represent-
atives of the Congress of the United States.
I believe that a body of men two hundred
and forty-three or two hundred and fifty in
number is a better.legislative body to transact
the business that comes before Congress than
a larger number, better than three hundred.
It works better practically. All of our State
Legislatures—and some of them hold long ses-
sions and have vast interests to attend to—are
smaller in the numbers of the lower house,
with, I believe, the exception of New Hamp-
shire. Massachusetts comes nearly to the num-
ber of this House, but its lower house has been
reduced to the present point from its old num-
ber, which was not found to work well.
There are no instances in this country or
elsewhere that tend to make us believe that a
larger house makes a better legislative body.
If any member has looked into European pre-
cedents he will have found that there is noth-
ing there that is analogous to it or that can
guide us in the legislative bodies of the differ-
ent kingdoms and empires and principalities
of Europe, with the exception, it may be, of the
British House of Commons. The operation has
there been, as noticed by every one who_ has
observed that body, that the inevitable evil of
absenteeism has grown out of large numbers.
The number of the British House of Commons,
I believe is 648. But it is known to every
member of that body and to every looker-on
that the result of that great number is that but
a few men are constantly in attendance, and
that the rank and file of the House of Com-
mons are never found in their places partici-
pating in the business of the house, and are
only brought in by party whips when there is
a party division on some subject which is made
a test question.
In the American House of Representatives
the rule has heretofore been different. The
rule has been that every member, as a general
thing, is in his place attending to the business
of his constituents and of the country ; his ab-
sence is the exception. I never want to see
the day when the American House of Repre-
sentatives shall be so increased in number that
this evil of absenteeism shall obtain here, and
it always grows up with increased numbers.
But it is said that the country is growing;
that there are more and vaster interests that
need to be cared for than heretofore. Let us
examine that point. The original House of
Representatives was very small, and increased
gradually up to the year 1850, when for the first
time the number of Representatives was fixed
at 233 by the act of May 3,1850. The size of
the districts in regard to population was there-
afterward to be fixed by dividing the entire pop-
ulation of the States bv the number 233. In
1860 that rule gave to each district a population
of something over one hundred and twenty-six
thousand.
In 1860 a new census was taken and a new
apportionment made. In the mean time, from
1850 to 1860, the population of the country had
increased 8,225,454. That was a vast increase
of population, and there was also a corre-
sponding increase of wealth and of material in-
terests requiring the care and attention of Con-
gress ; and yet, although the same argument
could have been- made then that is made now
in regard-to the increase of wealth and popula-
tion, the Congress of 1860 when it came to
make the apportionment of representation did
not deem it advisable to materially increase
the number of members of the House of Rep-
resentatives. It adhered to the old number
fixed by the law of 1850, except that for frac-
tional quotas of population the rule was made
flexible, as all good rules can be made, and
ten were added to the House, making the en-
tire number 243. We have, therefore, the
judgment of Congress in 1850 and also in 1860,
with an increase of population of over eight mil-
lions, that no additional number of Represent-
atives are needed here in the House of Repre-
sentatives.
And there is another thing to be taken into
consideration. Since the year 1860, when the
number of this House was fixed at two hundred
and forty-three, great events have taken place,
weighty legislation has been required and
passed upon; there has been a gigantic war to
be conducted by the Government, and Con-
gress has been called upon to legislate to pro-
vide means for prosecuting it. The currency
and reconstruction have been absorbing ques-
tions that have occupied the minds of all the
members of Congress, questions as vast and
important as can ever come before Congress.
But upon the whole, as we believe, legislation
during the last ten years has been good and
beneficent; yet during all this time this national
legislation has been accomplished with ten
States, having fifty Representatives, practically
out of the Union. During the decade from
1860 to 1870 the legislation of Congress has
been done with a House of but one hundred
and ninety to two hundred members.
And besides this, I find that although pop-
ulation hasincreased, and wealth has increased,
and weighty subjects of legislation have in-
creased, we have not required longer sessions
to do the work than formerly. In the decade
from 1860 to 1870 but one long session of Con-
gress has reached into the month of August.
From 1850 to 1860 the long session reached
three times into the month of August and once
into the month of September; and from 1840
to 1850 it reached three times into the month
of August. This would seem to indicate that
if labor has increased the capacity for perform-
ing labor has also increased. It does not show
the need of any larger number of members to
do the legislative business than there has been
for the last thirty years.
Besides, sir, coming here as a new member,
I find that nearly all important work is elabor-
ated and presented to the House by commit-
tees. If you increase the number of members
to three hundred where are you going to find
committee work for your additional members ?
I judge it to be the sentiment of members that
the committees are large enough at present,
and at this session the Speaker of the House
has found it necessary, when additional States
have come in, to increase the number of mem-
bers on some of the committees. I believe the
general remark has been that this increase is
operating as a burden rather than a help to the
progress of business. But when you come to
have more than fifty additional members on the
floor of this House where shall they bo sent?
What work can they do? What fitting niche
will those members find where they can work
to advantage? Will not this increased num-
ber operate, as I have said, to cause a growth
of the evil of absenteeism ? Members will find
that in consequence of the great number con-
stituting the House not so much will be ex-
pected of anyone man, and thereforeth^y will
neglect their duty. Thus we shall have,the,
spectacle which ispresented in legislative bodiea
abroad, but which never has been presented in
the American .House of Representatives, of
members systematically absenting themselves
from the,House and leaving the.work to be
done by a few. >
These, Mr. Speaker, are some of the practi-
cal difficulties which have occurred to me. from
an examination of the subject, which it must
be evident to all has not been profound. But
these difficulties have presented themselves to
my mind, and they seem to me to be so insu-
perable, while the object to be gained is so in-
adequate, that it appears to me to border upon
absurdity to urge either of the points covered
by this bill—either that the new apportionment
shall take effect with reference to the Forty-
Second Congress, or that an attempt shall be
made to allow the East to hold its present
number of members while the aggregate of
members of the House is increased. As I
have said, if the latter arrangement be adopted
the majority against the East will be as great
as otherwise. The West will have the same
power with an apportionment of three, hun-
dred members as she will have if two hundred
and forty-three be continued as the aggregate.
The consideration that particular States will
maintain the number of their Representatives,
seeing that those numbers will be overshad-
owed by the increased numbers from the
West, will be of no account. I see no wit in
the East attempting to stand against the West
so far as numbers and power go. The polit-
ical power of this Union is surely settling and
centralizing in the West, and we m the East
may as well admit it. If we attempt to op-
pose it we are opposing a current stronger
than Niagara.
There are some things which it is useless for
men to attempt; there are sonje lessons that
have been taught us which it would be folly to
attempt to ignore. We may as well submit to
inevitable law ; there are in the past events
which no man seeks to swim against. That
this is a day of general freedom throughout the
land, freedom of speech and of person, no one
denies. That the day has come for complete
reconstruction, and that we should not any
longer hold out States, but should receive them
and make the best of them, seems to be admit-
ted even on this side of the House; that the
day has come when the national honor and
faith shall be kept seems to be admitted upon
the other side of the House ; and that the day
has come when the power of this Republic so
far as it can be estimated by numbers shall
settle in the West may as well be admitted in
the East now as hereafter. As I have said, it
seems to me of little importance whether the
eastern States hold their present numbers
absolutely when the majority is surely in the
West, and when we must rely ujion the good
faith and good sense of the W est in matters of
legislation.
Mr. CLARKE obtained the floor, and said :
I am willing to yield for a few moments to sev-
eral gentlemen who desire to introduce bills,
&c., by unanimous consent.
WESTERN PACIFIC RAILROAD
Mr. AXTELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 860) relating to the
Western Pacific railroad; which was read u,
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
ADMISSION OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I wasunavoid-
ably absent on Friday last when the vote was
taken on the bill for the admission of Virginia.
I desire to say that if I had been here 1 would
have recorded my vole against the substitute oi
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] and
against the fiual passage of the bill as amended.
