1870.
the congression al globe.
5615
An act (S. No. 1057) to remove the legal
and political disabilities of M. 0. Butler, of
South Carolina;
An act (S. No. 1060) repealing an aet grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Ernestine Becker;
An act (S. No. 1067) to remove all legal and
political disabilities from George H, Bier, of
Maryland ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 40) authorizing the
Secretary of War to take charge of the Gettys-
burg and Antietam national cemeteries ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 200) for the relief
of Captain John Faunce and others, officers of
the revenue-cutter Harriet Lane ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 207) authorizing
t.he Postmaster General to continue to use in
the postal service a certain invention and device
for the postmarking of mail packages, and for
the more permanent cancellation of postage-
stamps, and to make a just and equitable com-
pensation for the past and future use of the
same by the Post Office Department;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 215) granting
condemned ordnance for a soldiers' monument
at Providence, Rhode Island, and at Bucks-
port, in the State of Maine;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 233) authorizing
the Secretary of War to donate certain build-
ings to the" Saint Aloysius Relief Society of
Washington, District of Columbia;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 248) in regard
to grading the streets in tiie vicinity of the
Capitol;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 247) directing
the Secretary of War to place at the disposal
of the President certain bronze ordnance, to
aid the erection of an equestrian statue of
General John A. Rawlins ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 248) granting
condemned cannon for the erection of a sol-
diers' monument at Omaha, Nebraska.
MESSAGE FROM TICK SENATK.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2165) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1871,
and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the Senate
had adhered to its amendments to the bill (H.
R. No. 1169) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions, (so called,) with various Indian tribes for
the year ending June 30, 1871, and for other
purposes; and also to their disagreement to
the amendments of the House ot Represent-
atives to other amendments of the Senate,
adhered to by the House of Representatives.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (EL R. No.
23CU) making additional appropriations to
supply the deficiencies in the appropriations
for the civil service of the Government for the
fiscal years ending June 30, 1870, and June 30,
1871, and for other purposes.
ItfXSOISLr.ANKODS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAWES submitted the following report:
The committee of conferenco on the disagreeing
votes of t.he two Houses on ihe amendments to tho
bill (H, R. No. 2165) makin? appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the year
cu-ling June 30,1871, and for other purposes, having
met. after full and free conference, have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
us follows: , , .
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 5, 8,10,11, 12,18,23, 2S,  2,G3, 64,Gb, 0/,b9,
70, 7o, and 77. „ , . -
That the House rccede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered !, 2. 3 4
0, 7, 9,13, 15,1G, 17, 20, 21, 24, 2o, 2b. 27, 29, 30, 31, 32,
33, 34, 35, 30, 37. 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 4o,,40, 47, -18,
49, 50, 51, 53, 5i3, 57, 53, GO, (51, 62, 65, <1, /2, (0, and SO;
and agree to tho sume. .
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fourteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as iollows:
^ In lieu of the words inserted by said amendment
insert the following:
And the proviso in relation to the appropriations
for continuing the construction of said building eon-
tain ed in the aet of April 20, 1870, is hereby so mod-
ified as to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury, in
his discretion, to adopt as a part of the contracts
therein provided for any contract in reference to
said building approved by him before said April 20,
1870: Provided, That the limitation of cost therein
contained is not thereby affected: Awl provided fur-
ther, That hereafter, before any new buildings for the
uso of the United States arc commenced, plans and
full estimates therefor shall be prepared and ap-
proved by the Secretary of the Treasury, Postmaster
General, and the Secretary of the Interior; and the
c>stofthe building shall not exceed the amount of
the said estimates; and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with thefollowing amendment: In lieu
of the words inserted by said amendment, insert the
following words:
And the provision in rolation to the appropriation
for continuing the construction of saidbuildmgcon-
tained in the act of April 20,1870, is hereby so mod-
ified as to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury, in
his discretion, to adopt as a part of the contracts
therein provided for, any contracts in reference to
said building approved by him before said April
20, 1870: Provided, That the limitation of cost therein
contained in not thereby affected; and tho Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the nineteenth amendment of the Senato and agreo
to the same with an amendment, as follows :
Strike out the last provision contained in said
amendment and insert in lieu the following:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby directed to cause plans and estimates for the
completion of the building to be prepared and sub-
mitted to Congress at its next session.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recedo from their disagreement to
the fifty-fourth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: at the
end of the words inserted by said amendment, in-
sert the following words:
Provided, That the appropriations for salaries and
pay of officers and othors heretofore employed in
other Departments, and now employed in the depart-
of justice, are hereby transferred to the said depart-
ment of justice, to be disbursed in accordance with
the law organizing the same.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the fifty-fifth amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same, with the following amendment: in lieu
of the words inserted by said amendment, insert the
following words: #
For compensation of clerks and for additional com-
pensation to the same in the oflicc of the Secretary
of the Treasury, $22,500; and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho sixty-eighth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to tho same with amendments, as follows: m line
three of said amendment strike out the word " tour,"
and insert in lieu the word " two/' and at the end
of said amendment add the following words:
And that hereafter no appointee of the mayor of
Washington shall be rejected by the board of alder-
men of said city, unless by a vote of two thirds
of the members thereof in favor of such rejection;
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-ninth amendment of the Senate and agree
to tho same, with the following amendment: in lieu
of the words stricken out by said amendment insert
thefollowing:
For additional pay heretofore withheld from
"William Syphax.to equalize his compensation with
that of an assistant messenger, $>2,180.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same, with the following amendment:
Strike out all of said amendment after the word
"made," in line four ot said amendment to the end
of the same, and insert in lieu thereof thefollowing:
In accordance with the orders and decrees of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia;
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-sixth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the g.ime with an amendment, as follows :
Add to said amendment the following words:
And report to Congress at the next session tho
names of persons entitled to relief, together with a
statement of the facts and sums upon which such
report, may be based.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede trom tncirdisagreenient to
the seventy-eighth amendment ef the Senate, and
agree to tiie same with the following amendment:
in line five of said amendment, belore the word
"compensation,*' insert the following words: "in
connection with tho revenues of the (Government."
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment:
In lieu of the words inserted by said amendment
insert tho following words:
That tho Secretary of the Interior is hereby di-
rected to withhold patents for any portion ot the
lands known as tho "Black Bob Indian lands," in
Kansas, and also to withhold his approval of all
transfers of said amounts, and to permit peaceable
occupancy by all settlers or Indians now residing
thereon until further-action of Congress iu rolation
thereto, without prejudice to existingrights;
And tho Senate agree to the same.
II. L. DAWES,
A. A. SARGENT,
JAMES B. J3KCK,
Managers on the part of tka House.
h. M. MORRILL,
i\ A. SAWYER,
T. l'\ BAYARD,
Managers on the part ot the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. I do not want to take up
the time of the House in discussing this re-
port, and will therefore content myself with
answering such inquiries in reference to it as
gentlemen may desire to make. If there is no
such desire, I will call the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 ask the gentleman
to yield to me for a few minutes.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. FAHNSWORTH. If I understand cor-
rectly the report of this committee of confer-
ence, I desire to say a few words with refer-
ence to one or two points of the report. I
understand that the committee of conference
report in favor of a modification of the aet of
April last, with reference to the post-office
buildings in New York and Boston. It will
be recollected that in the deficiency appropri-
ation bill which passed in April last, Congress
limited the amount which these buildings
should cost, and provided, after the expendi-
ture of several hundred thousand dollars
in the construction of the basement stories
of those buildings, that no further amount
should be expended upon the construction of
those buildings until complete plans and esti-
mates should be made, and contracts made
for the completion of those buildings with the
lowest bidders upon a fair advertisement for
competitive offers.
It will be recollected that the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads of this House
investigated the subject of the contracts made
for these buildings; that that committee made
a report in which it was shown that contracts
had been made very largely in excess of the
amount which had been appropriated by Con-
gress, and in direct violation of the law of the
United States, in direct violation of a statute
which made any officer of the Government who
should make suet a contract guilty of a misde-
meanor, and liable to be proceeded against by
indictment.
I despair of getting any attention to what I
say. This is a fitting commentary on this
method of passing bills by the Congress of the
United States, that at nearly midnight of the
last night of the session, a bill of this import-
ance is expected to be rushed through the
House of Representatives with scarcely a bak-
er's dozen of members attending to the numer-
ous changes proposed to be made in the bill
by this committee of conference.
I desire to call the attention of the House
to this matter. If it is a matter of any sort
of consequence whatever that officers charged
with the disbursement of the moneys of the
United States shall disburse those moneys in
accordance with the law of the land, then I
here enter my protest against relinquishing to
those officers the expenditure of the Govern-
ment money without being bound by any pro-
visions of law.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, after investigation, recommended that
those contracts be annulled; and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, following that rec-
ommendation, in the bill to which 1 have
referred, reported a provision which Congress
passed, limiting the expenditure of the money
upon those buildings, and providing also that
contracts to complete those buildings should
be made as I have indicated. Now, if I un-
derstand correctly the report of the committee
of conference, they propose, so far as any con-
tract is concerned winch was entered into prior
to the passage of the act of April last, that the
Secretary of the Treasury may continue it, if
he pleases. Am I right?
