1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4671
of the people of tills country were Presbyteri-
ans—and I speak ot them because I was brought
up in that denomination—and suppose that
somebody 111 their view was a heretic, and that
they took the ground that that man should not
be admitted to Congress, because they consid-
eied he woulu act m a way to destroy the pre-
dominating religion of the country, or to inter-
fere with the interests of their denomination.
Does not the theory which the gentleman lays
down run in the diiection of sustaining that,
and of saying that Congress may not only shape
the religion, but may shape the politics, and
may shape all the morals of the country'
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And, if the gentl eman
will allow me, I will go a little further. Sup-
pose that a community—say a community of
Copperheads—desired to be represented by a
Copperhead; or, suppose, what would be worse
in my estimation, although better in the esti-
mation of the gentleman from Illinois, that
some rank Radical district desired to be rep-
resented by a Radical, while Congress was
opposed to Radical principles. Suppose Con-
gress should determine that the admission of
a Radical would demoralize and tend to destroy
the character of our Government. I ask the
gentleman, should we not allow local govern-
ment local representation? Should we not
allow all sorts of sentiment in this country to
be represented?
llr. LOGAN. I will answer the gentleman.
His argument does not run in conflict with
what I have said at all. I have been saying
all the time that we have no right to proscribe
any form of religion ; that we have no right to
proscribe any kind of politics; that we have
no right to proscribe a man because of his
features, because of his dress, because of any-
thing except crime. And for crime, sir, we
have a right to proscribe a man. That is the
ground I put it ons That is the ground on
which I put it at first, and the ground on which
I put it now. We have a right, I say, to pro-
tect the interests of the people of this country
by excluding men from these Halls on the
ground of crime. It is not a crime to be a
Democrat or a Republican, to be a Presbyte-
lian or a Methodist, or a member of any other
denomination; but, sir, it is a crime for a man
to do what this man has done, x^Liid why? Be-
cause the laws of our country denominate it a
crime. It is made a crime bylaw. Hence my
theory is based on the law, and is this, that in
pursuance of the law, and in carrying out its
principles, we must protect the country by
protecting ourselves against crime and against
criminals in this body. That is the ground I
took and the theory 1 started.
And now let us go a little further. It is
said that we have exhausted our jurisdiction.
That is not true. We have jurisdiction both
of the person, when he seeks to enter Con-
gress, and of the offense. Having claimed
that jurisdiction heretofore, and having decided
that what this man did was an offense, that it
Was a crime, we have a right now to declare
that he has been guilty of a crime, that that
crime is an infamous crime, and that he shall
not enter these Halls during this Congress.
We have a right to say that, because this is
the Congress in which he committed the offense,
the Congress from which he retired because of
his crime; this is the Congress which has juris-
diction of his person and of the offense; it is
the Congress that has the right to determine
whether or not he shall be admitted here as a
Representative of any portion of the people of
IheUnitedStates. We have a rightto say that.
Now, let me go a little further. I desire to
detain the Housebutafewmoments, and would
have finished what I had to say by this time
had it not been for the suggestions of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldbidge.]
In refercncc to precedents it 13 said by men i
whispering around that there is no precedent j
for the course that I desire the House shall
take in this case. It is said that men have
been expelled, or at least have been censured,
and returned to the same Congress and have
been admitted to their seats. That is true, but
there is a wide distinction.
. ^r/ Giddings, of Ohio, was censured once
m this House ;_for what? Not for crime ; and
there is the point that gentlemen suggest. He
resigned his seat and was returned m sixteen
days, and took his seat again without objection.
What was his offense ? It was not a crime ; it
was not an offense against the laws ; but it was
an offense against the sentiment of a majority
of the House. He introduced certain resolu-
tions in relation to slavery. He had a right
to do jt. For so doing he was censured by a
majority of the House. He resigned, and was re-
turned by his constituents; but he committed
no crime, and hence no one could object to his
readmission on the ground that he was a crim-
inal. It was a mere matter of taste. He was
improperly censured in my judgment, and prop-
erly returned to the House.
Then there are the cases of Brooks and Keitt,
of South Carolina. What were those cases ?
Mr. Brooks was censured. He was not ex-
pelled. A vote was taken to expel him, and
there were one hundred and twenty-one votes
to ninety-odd, and not being two thirds he was
not expelled. The House then censured him,
and he resigned; was reelected, and took his
seat. Mr. Keitt's cass was the same. His
conduct was censured by the House, and he
also resigned; was reelected, and took his se.it.
But mark you, neither of one of those men
was charged with a penitentiary offense or any
infamous crime. There is a wide difference.
They were charged with one improper act, with
improper conduct in violation of the rules of
the House ; but not with crime.
Then you may take the case of Matteson, of
New York. What was that? He was con-
victed in the House of bribery and corruption,
or at least he would have been, but he resigned.
That case, perhaps, will be cited as a prece-
dent; but it is not one. He resigned before
the House expelled him, just as Whittemore
did, and he was censured. What did he do?
He was censured by the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, and he returned to the Thirty-Fifth
Congress. He did not return to the same Con-
gress that censured him, nor was he elected to
the succeeding Congress after the censure.
He had been elected to the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress before he was censured in the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, and hence he took his seat
in the Thirty-Fifth Congress. Why? Because
the Thirty-Fourth Congress had expired; the
body of which he was a member when he was
censured had expired, and had no further
jurisdiction over the case; and the Thirty-
Fifth Congress had no jurisdiction over him.
Mr. Harris, of Illinois, in the Thirty-Fifth
Congress, introduced a resolution of expulsion
against Matteson; but it was decided that that
Congress had no jurisdiction, and hence he
was permitted to retain his seat in the Thirty-
Fifth Congress. That is a very different case
from this. This man comes here to this Con-
gress, of which we have said he is unfit to be
a member. He returns to us now, and I tell
you, gentlemen, you cannot find a solitary pre-
cedent in the whole history of legislation that
authorizes this Congress to receive him or
reject him. So far as that is concerned, it is
a question for the House to determine, and not
to be based on precedents.
But if we were to copy precedents, and ask
ourselves is there any precedent to be found
anywhere for this conduct of ours, I say there
is; and the only precedent you can find is
against Mr. Whittemore. If you will take the
case of Wilkes, in the English Parliament, ho
was four times, I believe, expelled from Par-
liament. You will find there a precedent, lie
was the editor of a certain paper, and as such
published certain slanderous things against
Parliament. He was expelled for it. He went
back to his constituents and was elected to
that same Parliament, and they expelled him
again. He went back and was reelected a
third time, and was a third time expelled from
Parliament. For the fourth time he was
elected, the person running against him receiv-
ing less than three hundred votes to more than
eleven hundred for Mr. Wilkes. Yet Parlia-
ment again refused to admit Mr. Wilkes, and
admitted the other man in his stead.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Did not Parliament
afterward wipe out all the records of that pro-
ceeding, and refuse to seat the other man?
Mr. LOGAN. I was about to come to
that, though I suppose my colleague knows all
about it.
Mr. FARNSWORTn. I do know some-
thing about it.
Mr. LOGAN. _ I suppose the gentleman
knows all about it; and if he does, it is not
necessary for him to ask me about it. How
was it in that case of Wilkes ? For four times
expelled, what did Parliament do before they
admitted him? Another Parliament decided
that they had gone as far as they could in the
case; that they could not admit Mr. Wilkes with
their record staring them in the face. Then
what did they do ? They wiped out the record,
they blotted out the resolutions and votes in the
case, every word and line that stood upon their
record against Mr. Wilkes, before they would
allow him to take a seat there. Now, if that
is a precedent in favor of this friend of yours,
you must, in order to allow him to come into
this Congress, draw black lines around your
resolutions in regard to him, draw black lines
around the evidence against him, wipe it all
out, and then resolve that there is nothing
standing upon the record against Mr. Whitte-
more. That is the way it stands in England
to-day, according to the rules of the British
Parliament.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will answer the fling
of the gentleman when I obtain the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman says he will
answer my fling. I have made no fling.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understood the gen-
tleman to make a fling at me 
Mr. LOGAN. What is it?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Both by his tone,
gesture, and manner toward me, when he said,
turning toward inc, "This friend of yours."
I say to my colleague [Mr. Logan] that Mr.
Whittemore is no more my friend than he is
his friend. The course I desire to have taken
in this matter is to have a fair and judicial solu-
tion of this whole matter, and not have it decided
in an ad captandum, passionate manner, at the
beck of any outside pressure. I propose when
I come to argue this question, if I shall get the
opportunity, to do as I have always done in
reference to all other questions—argue it upon
the merits of the case, and not indulge in any
personal flings and allusions which should not
be suffered to go upon the rccord.
Mr. LOGAN. If my colleague [Mr. Fakxs-
worth] is excited in this matter because 1 said
•'his friend" I will take it all back. Is that
satisfactory? Inasmuch as he says he is not
his friend, I take it back of course. I only said
so because he seemed to be disputing the law
as I was giving it; he seemed to take the other
side of the case, thatis all; I meant no offense,
and I want no ill-feeling between my colleague
and myself, or between myself and anybody else.
But I will say to the gentleman, who talks
about this matter being coolly and dispassion-
ately discussed, that I am not excited at all;
I am as cool as I ever was in my life. It is
immaterial to me what the House shall do with
Mr. Whittemore. I only say what I do for my-
self; I have only to answer for myself. I am
opposed to his reentering this House, and 1
have a right to oppose his being admitted. The
House may admit him or not, just as it may
see proper. I think, however, that those gen-
tlemen who vote to admit him desire a kind
of company and association here which I do
