1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3727
jteCYary.McGrew, McKee, MeKeime, Morcur, Jesse
II.Moore, Morphis. Daniel J. Morrcll, Negley, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Peck, Poters, Phelps, Piatt,
Pomcrov, Prosser, lloots. Sawyer, Seotield, Shanks,
J,ionel A.Sheldon. John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
■\Vovtlungton C. Smith, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Tan-
ner, Tillman. Xyner. Upson, Ward, Cadwnlniler 0.
Washburn, Welker, Wheeler. Whitinoro, Wilkinson.
■\Vilbird. Williams, JohnT. Wilson, and Winans—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arncll, Beck.Bird,
Eowen. James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cessna, Cleve-
land, Conner, Cox, Crebs. Dawes, Dickinson, Dox,
Eldndge, Fox, (Jetz, Gibson, Griswold, llaldeman,
Hale, 11 am ill, Hawkins, Hill, llolman, Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Kelley.Kerr, Knott, Lallin, Lewis,
Marshall, Mayham, McNeely, Eliakim 11. Moore,
William Moore, Morgan, Morrissey, Munaen, Myers,
Niblack, O'Neill, Poland, Potter, Reeves, Rice, ltidg-
Wyok, Voorhees, William B. Washburn, Eugene M.
Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—73.
nuui,
Butler, .     
(JilliUan, Ilaight, llambleton. Hays, lleaton. Hoar,
lloge, Hooper, Julian. Kollogg, ICetcham, Logan,
Lynch. McCormick, Milnes, Samuel P. Morrill,
Palmer, Perce, Porter, Randall, San ford, Sargent,
Schenck, Porter Sheluon, Slocum, William Smyth,
Strader, Townsend, Van Horn, Wells, and Witch-
er—45.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
ELECTION' CONTEST EGGLESTON VS. STRADEU.
Mr. HALE, from the committee having in
charge the contested-election case of Benja-
min Eggleston vs. Peter W. Strader, from the
lirst congressional district of the State of Ohio,
submitted a report in writing, accompanied
by the following resolutions :
Resolved, That Benjamin Eggleston is not entitled
to a seat in this House as a .Representative in the
Forty-First Congress from the first districtof Ohio.
Resolved, That Peter W. Strader is entitled to a
se.it in this House as a Representative in the Forty-
First Congress from tho first district of Ohio.
The report, with the accompanying resolu-
tions, was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HALE. I give notice that on Monday
next I propose to call up this case for action
of the House.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Mr. Strader is now
absent in Kentucky on important business,
and may not be able to be here on Monday
next.
Mr. HALE. Of course I will not call the
case up at that time if there is any good rea-
son for delay.
ELECTION CONTEST BARNES VS. ADAMS.
Mr. McCRARY, from the committee hav-
ing in charge the contested-election case of
Sidney M. Barnes vs. George M. Adams, from
the eighth congressional district of the State
of Kentucky, submitted a report in writing,
accompanied by the following resolutions:
Resolved, That George M. Adams was duly elected
as a Representative in the Forty-First Congress from
tho eighth district of Kentucky, and is entitled to,
retain his seat as suoh.
Resolved, That Sidney M. Barnes, having con tested
the seat of Hon. George M. Adams as a Representa-
tive to this House from the eighth district of Ken-
tucky in good faith and with probable cause, there
shall be paid to him out of the contingent fund of
the House of Representatives tho sum of dollars
in full for his expenses in such contest.
The report, with the accompanying resolu-
tions, was laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. McCRARY. I will call this case up
for action at an early day.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole for the purpose of
considering the special order, being the con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. BURDETT. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness would be the consideration of the con-
tested-election case of Newshamcs. Ryan, from
the State of Louisiana, which was the unfin-.
ished business at the adjournment on Saturday
last. But the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] now moves to suspend the rules
for the purpose of going into Committee of the
AVhole upon the special order, which, if adopted,
would carry over the unfinished business.
Mr. DAWES. If there may he a general
understanding thp.t we can go in Committee of
the Whole on the special order after the vote
is taken on the contested-election case, 1 will not
object. However, the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelsey] has charge of the special
order, and I will let him determine what course
shall be pursued.
Mr. KELSE Y. If the vote on the contested-
election case can be taken without any delay I
will have no objection.
Mr. JUDD. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing and putting on
its passage a bill which I send to the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. KELSEY. I cannot yield the floor for
any such purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
yield the floor conditionally.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I will not yield at all,
but insist upon a vote on the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the special order.
The question was taken ; and the motion was
not agreed to upon a division—ayes 58, noes 70.
j Mr. JUDD. .1 move to suspend the rules for
the purpose I have indicated,
j Mr. MUNGEN. I ask the gentleman to
I withdraw that motion, in order to allow me to
! report a resolution from the Committee on
i Printing.
i| Mr. JUDD. I will withdraw my motion for
: the present.
j GOLD PANIC INVESTIGATION.
;j Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent
to report for action at this time, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, the following resolution :
! Resolved, Thattherebeprintedtwothousandcopies
, of the majority and minority reports from the Corn-
\ i mittec on Banking and Currency, with the testimony
! \ submitted, being House document No. 31.
|: Mr. KELSEY. I object.
|! Mr. GARI(11ELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
j; tleman will, not object. The report and testi-
!l mony are now in type, and the whole cost of
j these additional copies will be less than $300.
\ Mr. KELSEY. Very well; I will withdraw
i my objection.
The resolution was received and adopted.
1 Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOLDIERS' MONUMENT AT PITTSBURG.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. It. No. 295)
donating condemned cannon for a soldiers'
monument at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, author-
izes the Secretary of War to issue eight con-
demned brass cannon, to be used in the erec-
tion of a monument in Alleghany Park, at Pitts-
I burg, Pennsylvania, in memory of the officers
and men of Hampton's battery, who lost their
! lives during the late war.
! ' The joint resolution was ordered to be
I engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. NEGLEY moved to reconsider the vote
j by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
i also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
| JAMES T. FISHER.
! Mr. VAN TRUMP, by unanimous consent,
;j introduced a bill (H. It. No. 2081) for the
|| relief of James T. Fisher; which was read a
first and second time, and, with the accom-
panying memorial, referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CULLOM. I call forthe regular order.
REDUCTION OF IMPORT DUTIES.
Mr. JUDD moved to suspend the rules, for
the purpose of introducing and putting on its
passage a bill to reduce the duties on imports;
which was read, as follows :
Be it enacted, <te., That on and after tho 1st day
of July next the duties levied upon the articles ia
this section named, imported from foreign countries,
"shall be reduced as follows:
On sirup of cane-juice or melada, on molasses
from sugar-cane, and on all sugars, and on salt, 33s
per cent.
On coffee and on tea, twenty per cent., and on pig
and scrap iron, twenty-two and a half per cent.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all goods,
i wares, and merchandise described in the foregoing
I section, which may be in the ptiblic stores or bonded
I warehouses on the day and year this act shall take
j effect, shall bu subjected to no other duty upon tho
entry thereof for consumption than if the same were
imported respectively after that day.
The question being put on the motion to
suspend the rules,
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the
! l Chair two thirds have not voted in the affirm-
■ I alive.
Mr. JUDD. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. H ALDEMAN. Ifthis motion be adopted
will the bill be open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will not be. The motion
is to suspend the rules and pass the bill.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 101, nays 82, not voting 45; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Archer, Asper, Axtell.
Ayer, Barry, Beatty, Beck, Bird, Booker, Boyd,
James Brooks, Burchard, Burr. Calkin, Churchill,
Sidney Clarke,Cleveland, Amasa Cobb.Coburn,Cook,
Conger, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Cullem, Davis, Dickin-
son, Dockery, Dox, Dyer, Ela.Eldndge, Farnsworth,
Finkclnburg, Fitch, Fox, Getz, Gibson, Griswold.
llaldeman, Hale, llamill, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay,
II ell in, Holman, Ingersoll, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Judd, Kerr, Knott, Lawrence, Lewis, Logan,
Marshall, Mayham, McCrary, MeKenzie, AIcNeely,
Jesse H. Moore. Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Orth,
Packard, Paine, Peters, Pomeroy, Potter, Reeves,
ltidgway, Rogers, Sargent, Shanks, Sherrod, Shober,
Slocum, William Smyth, Stevenson, Stiles, Stone,
I Stoughton, Swann, Sweeney, Tanner, Trimble,
Tyner, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees, Ward,
Wilkinson. Williams. Eugene M. Wilson, Winans,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Arnell, Atwood,
Bailey, Banks, Beaman, Bennett, Benton, Bingham,
Blair, Bowcn, George M. Brooks, Buffinton, Cessna,
William T. Clark, Clinton L. Cobb, Covoclo, Cowles,
Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Duval,
Garfield, Hamilton, Harris, Hays, Hill, Hoar,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones,
Kelley, Kelsey, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Maynard,
McCarthy, McGrcw, McKee, Mercur, Eliakim 11.
Moore, William Moore, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell,
Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Piatt,
Poland, Prosser, Sawyer, Scofield, Lionel A. Shel-
don, John A.Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Strick-
land, Strong, Taffa, Taylor, Tillman, Twichell,
Upson, Van Wyck, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Whitmore, Willarct,
John T. Wilson, and Witeher—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Bar-
num, Benjamin, Biggs, Boles, Buck, Buckley,
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Ferriss, Cake, Ferry, Fisher, Gil (Ulan, Haight,
llambleton, lleaton, Hogc, Julian, Kellogg, Ketch-
am, Loughridge, Lynch, McCormick,Milnes, Sainnel
P. Morrill, Morrissey, Palmer, Perce, Porter, Ran-
dall, Rico, Roots, Sanford, Schenck, Sehumaker,
Porter Sheldon, William J. Smith, Strader, Town-
send, Van Horn, Wells, and Wheeler—45.
So (two thirds not voting in favor there-
of) the motion to suspend the rules was not
agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BURDETT. I move so to suspend the
rules as to bring the House to an immediate
vote on the motion to lay on the table the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the House
declared Mr. Newsham entitled to a seat as a
Representative from the fourth congressional
district of Louisiana.
The question being put on the motion to
suspend the rules,
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the
Chair two thirds have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then we had better have
[ the yeas and nays.
