1840
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
to show that it was inexpedient for the Gov-
ernment to do this, because these bonds are
better placed now than we can expect to place
them anywhere else, either at home or abroad.
The banks are now paying two and a half per
cent, oat of the six, and that makes them one
half per cent, lower than the lowest bond pro-
posed here. That ia my proposition.
Now, what have dividends to do with that ?
I am speakingfor the Government, not for the
banks. I have not said a word about the hard-
ships Of the banks. This is a funding bill.
My argument is that the banks ought not to be
interfered with, that you ought not to legis-
late on that subject in this bill because it is
incongruous, because it does not belong here.
When we talk about refunding we know what
we mean 5 we mean to borrow as much money
as we owe at a lower fate of interest. And
my other' proposition was that you should not
touch the bonds now held by the banks because
they are placed, and they are placed now at a
lower rate of interest under this system than
you con Id place them at anywhere else; and
more, if you undertake to do it you will disturb
the currency of the country. That is the
danger.
- Now, all that my friend Bays about profits
and dividends I do not care to remark upon
in this connection. That matter is germane
when yon come to the question of disturbing
the currency; bat that Was not the proposition
with which I started. But the Senator does
not know, he cannot gather the fact from that
Treport as I heard it, as to the ability of the
country banks to sustain the proposition con-
Gained in this bill. Now, the general impres-
sion is with regard to the country banks that
they have all they can stand under as the law
now is, with the fear and a half or the four and
four tenths per cent, tax that they pay to the
national and municipal governments. Now,one
thing is clear, that it you force the country banks
to do this thing-yon have either got to let up
that tax or they will goout; and if the country
banks go out, then what becomes of this prop-
osition? It is a dead failure; your banking
goes into the hands of the cities* of large
capitalists, and your funding system and your
banking system go down together. I say that
is the clear tendency of the logic of what you
are doing; and that being so, being liable to
that peril, liable to that suspicion, I ask why
do yon insist upon a refunding bill, simple and
pare, on patting on this complex question of
the banking system ? I insist upon it it is a
peril to your whole system, it is a peril to jonr
whole business of refunding, in my judgment,
and for the reasons I have briefly stated.
I have not purposed to argue this question
as to the bapks at all, and for this reason:
whether the banks make much or little is
purely a question of detail, and goes aside of
what we are attempting to do in the way of
refunding. If they make too much I am for
curtailing them, if four and a half per cent,
or four and fortyfbur hundredths per cent, of
tax is not enough, put onsixtor say, if yon
please, that the banks shall receiveno interest
whatever, and if you can make that Manifest
1 will vote tor it; bat that is a proposition of
legislation in regard to the currency, not in
regard to refunding the debt, and for that
reason I choose not to argue the question of
the banks or to speak of their dividends,
because that matter is all within the power of
Congress to regulate as they please.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Mr. President, it was the
Baying of a famous and artful man that lan-
guage is given to conceal ideas. A statement
of equal antiquity and perhaps of greater merit
is that figures cannot lie. Every man has per-
mission to make choiqe between these state-
ments. My honorable friend from Ohio has
made his choice, and he brings in a report of
the Comptroller of the Currency as if to s p-
port the statement that language is given to
conceal ideas and that figures can be used for
purposes wholly delusive.
Now, sir, to what point in this debate is it
that he introduces the statement made by the
Comptroller of the Currency ? Surely he intro -
duces it upon this precise issue: can the banks
afford that hardship, that contribution in the
mild baptism of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, to which it is proposed to sub-
ject them ? That is the issue upon which the
Seuator from Ohio offers this evidence. With
what view? To have the Senate understand
that twelve per cent., as I think he said, is in
substance the profit realized by the existing
banks.
Mr. THURMAN. How much?
Mr. CONKL1NG. Twelve and a half per
cent., I think, was read in the first place, and
subsequently the Senator said ten and a half
per cent., not at that time reading from the
report, was the net profit of the banks.
Now, Mr. President, I say—and the Senator
will not contradict me—that neither of those*
statements is founded in fact, or if founded in
fact they both contain those ingredients of error
which enter into a statement gross as contra-
distinguished from a statement net. In the
statement of the Comptroller of the Currency
he does not begin by deducting twenty-five per
cent, of the whole capital as lifeless and un-
prodactive capital held as bank reserve; he
does not deduct rent, or interest upon the value
of real estate, if real estate be owned; he does
not deduct the salaries of officers or insurance.
He does not even deduct national taxes paid
by-the banks, onerous as they are. If he de-
ducted all of these, his statement would still be
erroneous, because over and beyond rents,
national taxes, expenses paid to officers, and
the loss of bank reserve, is that enormous load
of State and local taxation to which the national
banks are subjected.
Now, sir, is it not merely delusive to state
as a hypothesis how much the banks would
receive if it was all profit, if there was no loss
and no expense account? Assuredly it is.
The Senator says again ten and a quarter
per cent., or did he say ten and a half?
Mr. THURMAN. Ten and a quarter.
Mr; CONKL1NG. He says that ten and a
quarter per cent, ia the net profit of national
banks. Now, I humbly put against that, not
to go into the argument, the fact that I know
myself that the statement is false. Why am I
warranted in saying that ?
Mr. THURMAN. How much ?
Mr. CON KLIN G* I am not dealing in
quantities at this moment, I beg the honorable
Senator to understand. I am.only dealing in
the quantity of my own conviction now; and
I say that within my own knowledge is the fact
as to several national banks, conntry banks,
that they do make and can make no such
profit. It is a part of the infirmity of human
nature and the infelicity of hnmao considera-
tion that we will believe our own eyes and
ears and facts which have , passed through our
memory and into our judgment, in Bpite of
tables read, even by Senators.
I say, then, that in the State of New York,
speaking not of the great city banks to whom
circulation is of no moment—they do not want
it; it is scarcely the dust, in the scales with
them—but speaking of the country banks,
whose life consists largely in the uses of circu-
lation, they do not make ten per cent., nor do
they make any other profit—and there I agree
to the statement made by the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Cosbstt]—which will enable
them to endure being constrained to accept the
four and a half per cent, bond, and still pay
the taxes imposed upon them and live. The
transactions are repugnant, and they cannot
stand together, any more than two solid bodies
can occupy the same place at the same time.
There is no room for the existence in truth of
such a statement. Precisely how much a
country bank does make could be ascertained
only by knowing the particular bank of which
you speak, because when you come to minute
fractions, no donbt the banks differ; bat there
I leave this suggestion, and I beg to make one
other observation.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
to-day in discussing this question answered
those who like myself doubted the propriety
of the provision, by assailing in elaborate
phrase the proposition that there was no power
to adopt this provision. I have heard no Sen-
ator argue that there was no power. For my-
self I conceded in so many words the power ;
and I can think of things much more flagitious
than this, the power to do which is beyond
all question. The right is the thing which I
attempted to discuss; and now I beg to sub-
mit to the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts and to the Senate a parallel case which
has occurred to me as I have been watching the
debate this evening.
Here is the Pacific Railroad Company. It
is a creature of Congress. It is the solitary
creature of its kind, a sort of monopoly, which,
perhaps, may strengthen the argument against
me; but being a creature of Congress, brought
into existence by an act containing the usual
clause reserving the right to amend, alter, or
repeal, it stands on all fours with the national
banks as to its attributes, liabilities, and obli-
gations. I think all Senators will admit this.
Now, the United States has written its name
across the bonds of the Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, thereby meaning and undertaking that
it will guarantee and make good those bonds.
Very well. We have done that for the national
banks, written our name across the back and
written it at the bottom ; but if that makes any
difference, the parallel is still preserved. Sup-
pose now we were to propose by legislation
this alternative to the Pacific railway: " Bring
in your six per cent, bonds, surrender them,
and accept bonds bearing four and a half per
cent.; if you do not, you may continue to hold
these bonds; there is no constraint about it;
it is as free as the air you breathe or the earth
to which we must all return ; only if you do not
bring in your bonds and exchange them, you
shall not run your railroad any longer, and you
shall forfeit your franchise." Is there a Sen-
ator that hears me who will rise and say he
denies that that act would be of the very essence
of repudiation 2 And would he undertake to
answer it by saying, "Why, the Pacific Railroad
Company can afford this; it has a great fran-
chise, very profitable; the stock is sought; the
leading stockholders have made money out of
the credit mobilier; the newspapers say it is
an immense speculation, and therefore we can
do this because we have reserved the right to
repeal their charter?"
That is formal language, the Senator from
Massachusetts says. Yes, sir; formal lan-
guage, but interpreted and construed by courts
a hundred times on both sides of the Atlantic.
We know the metes and bounds of that lan-
guage ; but would it be said that under that
language we could thus repudiate one and a
half per cent, a year of the Pacific railroad
bonds and not subject ourselves to the con-
demnation destined to be piled upon men,
whatever their character may be, who do
repudiate, who do commit the sin of infidelity
to plighted faith ?
But I do not mean to pursue that. I only
mean to say that, deeming it a parallel case,
were I called upon to give a vote embodying
such action, it would be no salvo to my con-
science if I could be convinced that the profit
of the Pacific railroad was twelve per cent,
gross, or ten and a half per cent, net, or any
other profit, annual or semi-annual, that you
plcftEGi
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, in respect
to the statement of the Senator from Maine,
that these banks pay something like two per
cent, taxation under the State laws, a sufficient
answer is ia the fact that if they had this same
capital not employed in banking they would
pay precisely the same tax. It is not a tax
on them, therefore, by virtue of any franchise
they have as banks; nor is it a tax that the
