3728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Mr. DAWES. This only brings us to a vote
on the case.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. The proposition on Sat-
urday was to take a vote at three o'clock to-
day. To that we would have no objection.
Mr. DAWES. Objection is made to that;
and I appeal to the gentleman from Missouri,
nnd that will satisfy all parties, to let us go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state j
of the Union until three o'clock. i
Mr. COX. There is an arrangement that the ,
vote should be taken at three o'clock.
Mr. DAWES. That is satisfactory to all
parties.
Mr. BURDETT. If there be unanimous
consent that the vote shall be taken at three ,
o'clock I withdraw my motion to suspend the |
rules. _ I
The SPEAKER.* Is there unanimous con- '
sent that at three o'clock the vote shall be
taken on the motion to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House voted that Mr. Newsham is entitled to
a seat as a Representative from the fourth
congressional district of Louisiana?
There was no objection.
northern pacific railroad company.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to ask leave of the House to record my vote
on the resolution in regard to the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company, submitted by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Guiswold.]
1 was necessarily absent.
The SPEAKER. That requires a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. YOORHEES. I desire to state had I
been present I would have voted for that reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. It will be recorded in the
Globe.
army appropriation bill
Mr. DICKEY, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2082)
making appropriation for tlie support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes; which wa9 read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, ordered
to be printed, and made the special order for
Wednesday next, and from day to day until
disposed of.
Mr. MAYNARD. I reserve all points of
order on that bill.
international immigration society.
Mr. ATWOOD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2083) to incorporate
the International Society of the United States
for the protection of immigration; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
naturalization op sailors and marines.
Mr. DAYIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 296) to
extend the provisions of section twenty-one of
the act approved July 17, 1862, to aliens who
have or may enlist in the naval or marine ser-
vice; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that section twenty-one of the act approved
July 17, 1862, which section confers the right
of naturalization on any alien who has enlisted
in the armies of the United States and been
honorably discharged, shall be construed to
include persons who have enlisted or shall
enlist in the Navy or Marine corps of the Uni-
ted States and have been or shall be honor-
ably discharged, and to extend to them the same
privileges of naturalization as are by that sec-
tion extended to aliens who have enlisted or
may enlist in the Army of the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. DAVIS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 227) to incorporate the
Columbia Railway Company of the District
of Columbia ;
An act (S. No. 492) to incorporate the trus-
tees of the Corcoran Gallery of Art, and for
other purposes; and
An act (S. No. 550) to incorporate the
National Union-Savings Bank of the District
of Columbia.
consular and diplomatic appropriations.
Mr. KELSEY moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the consular and diplomatic
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union (Mr. Ingersoi.l in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1601) making appropriations for the consu-
lar and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 80,1871, and for
other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
paragraph is limited to ten minutes. The pend-
ing amendment is in line seventeen, after the
word "Turkey" to insert "Rome," and increase
the appropriation to $142,800.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the amendment will
be withdrawn.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. DAWE3. I renew it pro forma. I rise
especially to put myself right with the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] who
charged me while this amendment was pending
the other day with willfully misstating his posi-
tion in reference to his relations to the Know-
Nothing party and their principles. Since then
my box in the post office has been filled with
statements brought by the mails in reference
to the gentleman's position. I desire, not for
the purpose of reviving the controversy, but in
order to show him,leaving thegentleman's state-
ment to stand as it is, that I aid not intention-
ally misrepresent him. I desire to send to the
Clerk's desk to be read a passage from a letter
which has come to hand since then, with sun-
dry extracts. Those extracts I desire to put
on record; and there I leave the matter, only
assuring the gentleman that I did not intend to
misrepresent him, and that I stated what I sup-
posed to be the truth.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I wish to know if this
personal explanation is to be taken out of the
ten minutes allowed for debate.
The CHAIRMAN. It will come out.of the
ten minutes.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise toa point
of order. Is a matter of this sort pertinent to
this debate?
Mr. DAWES. I desire in the five minutes
allowed me to place myself right with the gen-
tleman from New York. I wish the extracts
read, as a part of my support to the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot de-
termine whether the extracts are pertinent or
not until he has heard them read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Know-Nothxngism of James Brooks.
" To the Editor of the Chronicle;
" Having noticed your remarks yesterday respect-
ing Hon. James Brooks, of New York, and his
connection and identification with Know-Nothing-
isin, I take great pleasure in placing in your hands
tho speech you refer to as having been delivered in
Columbus, Ohio, in behalf of that party. lie also
delivered the same speech in this city, in the old
Masonic Temple, before a largo audience, on tlio
evening of May 30,1856, Joseph Smith, one of our
oldest and most respected citizens, being its chair-
man, and myself the secretary of the meeting."
* * * * s}: * * * * * *
"A correspondent, whose communication appears
elsewhere in those columns, has put us in possession
of a printed copy of the Know-Nothing speech de-
livered by Hon. James Brooks in this city on tho
clOthofMay, 1856. Thisissubstantially,ifnotexactly,
the same as that to which we referred yesterday a3
having been delivered in Columbus. Let it be re-
membered that we do not accuse Mr. Brooks of false-
hood in saying he was never inside of aKnow-Noth-
ing ' lodge.' That may or may not have been a mere
quibble. Here is tho issue raised, as we gave it yes-
terday:
"'Mr. Dawes, referring to Mr. Brooks, said he
knew he denied having been in a Know-Nothing
lodge, but that did not alter tho fact of his having
been an advocate of Know-Nothing doctrines.
"'Mr. Brooks. It is not so. It is not true. [Ex-
citement.]'
" We have now room only for the following extracts
from Mr. Brooks's Know-Nothing speech here in
1856, but they will serve to indicate the spirit and
tenor of the whole:
" 'Americans shall govern America.—You live here
twenty-one years before you can vote; you who are
educated and trained in the spirit of our laws, which
Washington and Madison and Franklin inspired;
you studied thein in tho English language, in your
childhood, in your own school-books, and are thus
better qualified to exercise the right of suffrage at
twelve years than nine tenths of the foreigners at
thirty or forty. [Cheers.] But we who will not let
our wives and daughters vote, no matter what their
ages, are told we are proscriptive, bigoted, and fan-
atic because we wish to keep tho foreigner here the
full length of time we have to stay, or at least some
longer time than he has to stay at present, before he
can vote, and thus become a partner in our Govern-
ment. Our principles are laid down in the well-
known motto, which reveals everything in Know-
Nothingisrn or Americanism—"Americans shall gov-
ern America." [Loud and prolonged cheers.]'"
Mr. HALDEMAN. I must again rise to
interrupt the reading of this, unless more than
ten minutes are allowed for the discussion of
this question, involving the spiritual belief of
one hundred and eighty million people.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Har-
deman] is uot entitled to the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The Clerk will resume the
reading.
The Clerk read as follows;
" Lot tho P>,oman Catholic, if he pleases, entertain
his own ideas of transubstantiation ; he is welcome
to them all. Let the priest, if he pleases, indulge in
celibacy, and eschew all married life. It is a matter
of choice or of taste. All I can say is, that I pity him
with my whole heart, if he practices what ho preaches.
[Laughter.] Let all who aredisposed, man, woman,
or child, worship and adore tho Virgin Mary, or
, believe in tho immaculate conception. It matters
but little to me as a public man. It may be a thing
of taste, or training, or descent. Nay, worship of
virgins is an inborn instinct of the human heart."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the balance be
printed in the Globe.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let it all be read.
Mr. DAWES. Very well.
f The Clerk continued to read as follows:
"All may worship virgins, not Virgin Marys
alone, buti virgin Elizas, Annas, or Henriettas, toil.
[Laughter.] When I see a virgin from the pencil
of a Raphael, or a Titian, or a Ouido, I can scarcely
help falling down and worshiping it myself—as a
work of art. [Continued laughter and applause.] On
none of these things do we make war, not even on
the secrets of theconfessional. If there be father or
husband who permits his wife or daughter to pour
the secrets of his family or the loves of their own
tender hearts into the ears of tho sympathizing and
unmarried priest, I might only wish I was the con-
fessor. [Renewed laughter.]'' * * * *
"Other Catholics than the Roman Catholics hare
emancipated themselves Irom all connection with
the Romish church and Romanhierarchy. The lead-
ing principle of the Revolution of 1776 was independ-
ence, free andabsolute independence, from all Euro-
pean thralldom in every shape and form." *
* * " But the Roman Catholics, notwithstand-
ing these bright examples thus set by other religious
denominations, have deemed and declared it a part
of their religion, or rather of their politics, to keep up
a connection with a power and authority spiritua.
and temporal over four thousand miles from this
city of Cincinnati, a power and authority on the
banks of the Tiber, amid the ruins.of imperial
Rome, where their god is not the Almighty (_toq ot
heaven, nor their heaven that blue, arched canons',
studded with stars above, but a heaven of theirown,
amid tho pictures and statuary of tho Vatican, wliero
gome man, mere man, the self-styled and selt-con-
