1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3729
stituted vicegerent of the God of heaven, as if the
successor of the Pagan Jupiter, rolls out thunder
from his Olympus, only, however, in paper—bulls
and excommunications. [Louil applause. I The head
of the Roman church is thus not here, in the United
States of America, but afar off on the banks of the
1'iber. Its power, its authority, its dignity, its rep-
resentative of God on earth, to uso its own impious
assertion, is not here, but in that distant imperial
Romo."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope I shall
be allowed a lew minutes' time. I have made
a great many speeches in my life, and a great
many have been reported, some of tbetn cor-
rectly, and many of them incorrectly. Of this
latter class especially are those speeches which
have been sketched by reporters, and which I
had no opportunity of revising. The charge
made against me by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts was that I had been a Know-Noth-
ing, in the Know-Nothing party, connected
with the Know-Nothing organization. That
was it, I believe.
Mr. DAWES. That was not it. I admitted
the gentleman's statement that he had not been
in the Know-Nothing party, or that he had not
been a member of a Know-Nothing lodge, but
I said that he advocated its principles ; that
while he kept hia head out of the halter, he
advocated the principles of the party, and
derived all the benefit he could from it, until
it proved a failure.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If I had
chosen, during the exciting time of Know-
Nothingism, at the expiration of which I re-
turned to this country from Europe—if I had
chosen to profit by it, as it pleases the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to say that I did, my
brother who was then candidate for Governor
of the State of New York, would have been
triumphantly elected. But the party connected
itself with Mr. Fillmore, who was nominated
for the Presidency by the Old-Line Whigs
and supported by the Know-Nothings, and
that connection damaged the party in New
York so much that it did not receive that
majority in the State of New York which it
would otherwise have received. In that re-
mark, therefore, of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts there is no pertinency, because
during that excitement any one who chose to
rely exclusively on the Know-Nothing party
would have derived profit from so acting. I
was an advocate of Millard Fillmore for the
Presidency as an Old-Line Whig, and only as
an Old-Line Whig.
He was a candidate also at the same time
of the Know-Nothing party, as well as of a
Eirtion of the Roman Catholics who lived in
ouisiana and in other southern and western
States, and in Maryland, who were of the
class of French Catholics rather than of the
class of Catholics of Germany or of Italy. I
supported Mr. Fillmore without any reference
whatever to Know- Nothingism. In the course
of that support I was often attacked as a
Know-Nothing, and as having connection with
the Know-Nothing party. I returned from
Europe during the latter part of that canvass,
and I made speeches in support of Mr. Fill-
more. Whether or not the report which has
been read is correct I will not venture to say,
because I have not read the report; or in what
manner it has been garbled I cannot say with-
out a reference to the speech. But I will ven-
ture to say that if the whole speech had been
reported the substance of the remarks which
I make here now would have been found in
that speech. I was not a Know-Nothing; I
did not belong to the Know-Nothing party; I
did not advocate the principles of that party,
but, of course, in my defense of Mr. Fillmore
in New York, and in portions of Pennsylvania
and of Ohio, it often became necessary for
me to defend him from the attaeks made
npon him because of his connection or sup-
posed connection with the Know-Nothingparty.
It is impossible for the House to have heard
those extracts read and not have seen the vein
of ridicule running throughout the whole of
them, and not also have perceived that I was
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 234.
parrying and avoiding those charges in every
possible manner th&t a defender of Mr. Fill-
more could. And I repeat that if the gentle-
man from Massachusetts had had read, or if
the House had allowed time to have read the
whole of that speech, it would have corrobo-
rated me in my remarks as to the vein of ridi-
cule running through those extracts.
Mr. DAWES. My sole purpose was to sat-
isfy the gentleman that I had not willfully mis-
represented him ; that I had a pamphlet speech
here which I thought justified me.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The remark
which I made to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts was that he had heard me three times
before on the floor of this House accused of
affiliation with the Know-Nothing party, and
of having been connected with the Know-
Nothing party and with Know-Nothing lodges,
and that I had distinctly denied it.
Mr. DAWES. Let us have a clear under-
standing. I admitted that the gentleman had
denied that he was ever in a Know-Nothing
lodge; but I insisted on it that he had advo-
cated the principles of the Know-Nothing party.
I ask him now if he did not, two years before
he delivered that speech, and before Republican
times, support Uliman and Scroggs, the Know-
Nothing ticket, in the gubernatorial election in
New York?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Sir, I will
support any one in opposition to the Repub-
lican party. [Laughter.] If Fred. Douglass
should be nominated I would support him in
opposition to the Republican party. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. DAWES. One thing more. In all fair-
ness, 1 ask the gentleman to take back his
statement when he said that I knew that I told
an untruth when I said that he advocated the
principles and candidates of the Know-Noth-
ing party. That is all I ask of him.
The CHAIRMAN. The time allowed for
debate has expired.
Mr. BROOKS of New York. Allow me one
minute. [Cries of "Go on " and "Give him
a minute."] Injustice to the gentleman from
Massachusetts I must say that he certainly has
a better knowledge of his own purposes and
intentions than I could possibly have, and in
view of what he has said here to-day I feel it
to be my duty to withdraw any remark that he
willfully misrepresented me.
Mr. DAWES. Then I withdraw anythiug
I said. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELSEY. Then, as everything is with-
drawn, I hope we shall now go on with the bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will close
what I have to say very briefly. I wish to repeat,
and my colleagues here from New York on
both sides, Republicans and Democrats, will
bear me witness—and many of my Republican
colleagues were in the Know-Nothing organiza-
tion—that I never was in the Know-Nothing
organization, in the Know-Nothing party, or
in a Know-Nothing lodge in my whole life 5
ani so far as those gentlemen are conversant
with my course and with my purposes they will
all bear me witness that though often request-
ed to become a member of the order I always
declined.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending paragraph.
Mr. COVODE Before the vote is taken
on the pending amendment I want to move to
strike out the word " Greece," and I desire to
say but a few words.
The CHAIRMAN No debate is in order.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. COVODE. I now move to amend this
paragraph by striking out " Greece." I desire
to say that the mission to Greece was estab-
lished a few years ago on a certain condition
of things which has now passed away.
Mr. WILLARD. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
StrfttO it*
Mr. WILLARD. My point of order is that
all debate upon the pending paragraph has
been terminated by order of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. COVODE. I ask only a minute to
explain my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no right
to ask the Committee of the Whole to giv-;
unanimous consent for debate after it has beeti
closed by order of the House.
Mr. COVODE. I move to strike out
" Gr66CG."
Mr. PETERS. Rub it out. [Laughter.]
The question was taken upon the motion
of Mr* Covode ; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Brooks, of New York, to insert" Rome;"
and being taken, it was not agreed to.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I move to strike out
"Denmark," and to insert after "Sweden"
the words "appointed also to Denmark;"
also, to insert after " Belgium" the words
"appointed also to Holland so that there
shall be in each of those two cases but one
minister to two Courts.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. My point of order is,
that the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Haldeman] is a proposi-
tion to change the existing law which fixes
the Courts at which this Government shall be
represented.
The CHAIRMAN,
point of order.
Mr. HALDEMAN.
The CHAIRMAN.
Mr. HALDEMAN.
the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN,
not debatable.
The Chair sustains the
My reason for this 
No debate is in order.
I am going to speak on
The point of order is
Mr. DEGENER. For the purpose of obtain-
ing the floor for a few minutes, I propose to
strike out "Sandwich Islands."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can have
the floor long enough to make his motion to
amend, but debate is not in order.
Mr. DEGENER. Can I not say a few words
on my amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Not under the order of
the House closing debate on this paragraph.
Mr. DEGENER. Then I will wait until the
next paragraph shall have been reached.
No further amendment being offered, the
next paragraph was read, as follows:
For minister resident at the Argentine Republio,
appointed also to Uruguay, $11,250.
Mr. DAWES. On behalf of the Committee
on Appropriations, I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out the words " ap-
pointed also to Uruguay, $11^250," and insert-
ing in lieu thereof " $7,500;" so that the para-
graph will read, " for minister resident at the
Argentine Republic, $7,600." I propose to
follow that amendment by another.
Mr. SARGENT. Has this amendment been
considered by the Committee on Appropria-
tions ?
Mr. DAWES. It was one considered by
the committee at the suggestion of the State
Department.
Mr. DEGENER. I oppose the amendment
for the purpose of getting the advantage of the
floor. So much has been said on the subject
of ministers resident and consuls by the best
orators of the House that it cannot be my in-
tention to throw new light on the question.
Remarks, however, were made, which, if they
go to the country, must necessarily convey such
an erroneous idea of the opinions prevailing
on this floor, that I, as a citizen of German
birth, feel it incumbent on me to correct such
impressions. The remark to which I refer was
made by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Voorhees] substantially in these words: " In
my State they say, 'Let the Irish go; let the
Dutch go; we havtf the negroes in their place."
