1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4673
Mr. LOGAN. If'the gentleman desires to
debate the question I have no objection to his
having an opportunity to do so. I did not know
that any gentleman wanted to debate it. I
withdraw the call for the previous question.
message from tiib sen.ate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gouhah,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate bad-
passed a bill (H. R. No. 2275) to provide for
the paving of Pennsylvania avenue, with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 987) to renew a certain grant
of lands to the State of Alabama ; and
A bill (S. No. 07fi) to amend an act entitled
"An act to regulate the diplomatic and con-
sular systems of the United States," passed
August 18, 185G, and for other purposes.
credentials of b. j?. wihttjumore.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution in regard to the credentials of B.
F. Whittemore.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I am
sorry that my colleague has seen fit to treat
what is really a great constitutional question,
as if it were merely a personal question. It
is not a personal question. It is not a matter
of personal character. I eare not whether the
case be one which affects Mr. Whittemore, or
Mr. Smith, or Mr. Jones. I care not whether
it comes from South Carolina or from some
other State. AH that is nothing to me. But
the question as to the duty of the House in
disposing of the credentials of a person claim-
ing the right to a seat on this floor is a matter
of some consequence to every constituency in
the United States, and to every member on
this floor.
i am aware that anything which looks toward
excluding this applicant tor a seat from South
Carolina is popular with t,he outside world.
Some gentlemen may think that in a matter
of this kind something is due to clamor. They
may think that if this resolution is not adopted
tlie result will be pointed to as another evi-
dence of the corruption of Congress. It will
be said that my colleague is the incorruptible
and pure man, with nerve and a stiff backbone,
as indicated by his speech, and thai I am the
reverse, because I do not go with him on this
question.
Mr. Speaker, I voted for the resolution in
reference to Mr. Whittemore which passed this
House. I voted also for the resolution for the
expulsion of Mr. Butler, of lennessee, who
now occupies a seat in this House. And I do
not know but when this matter is properly in-
vestigated, I shall also vote for excluding Mr.
Whittemore from a seat. But the discussion
this question has had, the very speech ot my
colleague to which we have been lisienmg, it
seems to roe, ought to satisfyevery member on
this floor that it is a proper matter to be in- |
vestigatedby acommittee, and tobe determined t
afcer°a carelul examination and consideration |
of tiie law and the precedents applicable to the
question.
Let us look for a moment at the only prece-
dent my colleague has quoted, as sustaining
the right of the House to exclude Mr. Y^hitte-
111 ore lrom a seat. It is an English precedent—
that of Wilkes. While my colleague was spea.i;
ing I sent to the Library and got the history ot
that matter. I find, Mr. Speaker, tuat un^cs,
having been declared unworthy and iiicapaole
to take a sea.t in the House ot Commons, and
many times excluded from a seat in Parliament,
was reelected each successive time; that at
length he was not only permitted to take his
seat, but was allowed himself to offer Uie
resolution to expunge from the journals ^the
former votes and orders of expulsion, ana to
41st Co\a. 2d 8ess.—No. 293.
expunge the record by order of Parliament. As
I will read:
"On the 3d of May, 1782, the_House ordered the
above-mentioned vote of the 17th February to be
expunged, as unfit to remain oil their journals.
And here I quote the exact language of the
resolution:
" Being subversive of the rights of the whole body
of electors of this country."
That is what Parliament did in the case of
Wilkes, the precedent cited by my colleague
to strengthen his position in this matter; they
wiped out the precedent. As the editor of the
copy of Junius which I hold in my hands says,
•''they did not leave oven a rack upon which to
bang the precedent," a precedent declared by
Junius to be the most dangerous that could
ever be made by Parliament for its successors.
Mr. POLAND. Will the gentleman yield
to me to offer an amendment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. POLAND. I offer the following as a
substitute for the resolution of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan:]
Resolved, That the credentials of B. I1. W b ittemorc,
claiming a seat in this House as a Representative
from the first district in Kout.Ii Carolina, be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, with leave to
report at any time the law and the precedents appli-
cable to the case, and their judgment whether said
Whittemoie should or should not be admitted to a
seat in this House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I trust the gentleman from
Vermont will add something more to that. The
credentials will show very little more than his or
mine would show. I suggest that he make the
resolution read, "the credentials, together
with all the proceedings heretofore had in the
case."
Mr. LOGAN. I yielded to my colleague
with the understanding that he would move
the previous question and not allow resolu-
tions to be offered. If he yields for resolu-
tions I shall resume the floor and move the
previous question on the original resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If my colleague
insists upon such an arrangement I will carry
it out; but I hope the previous question will
not be sustained.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman will
not carry out any such arrangement. This is
a very grave matter, and we ought to approach
it with a good deal of care.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will allow my col-
league to call the previous question, but I hope
it will not be sustained.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to inquire if there was
any such understanding?
The SPEAKER. 'That
is a matter to be
settled by the two gentlemen.
Mr. HOAR. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Logas] said that if any one desired to
debate the resolution he would not call the
previous question.
* The SPEAKER. That isa matteron which
the Chair must take the understanding between
the two gentlemen.
Mr. POLAND. I understood tho gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Logajt] to yield the
floor unconditionally. ,
M". LOGAN. 1 did not; I yielded wi h
the understanding that my colleague would
move the previous question. Unless the House
votes down the previous question I propose
to have a vote on the original resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not, at
present, consider the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] as pend-
in"-. The understanding will be that the gen-
tleman who now holds the floor will move the j
previous question, and that will bring tne
House to a test vote. It the House shomd
reiusc to second the previous question the
Chair will recognize the gentleman from Ver-
U1<Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will then conclude
what I have to say. I read from tho record
in the Wilkes case i
"Mr.Wilkea having been again returned an one
of the members for the county of Middlesex, m the
Parliaments of 1774 and 1780, made various fruitless
efforts to get tho decision of tlie House of Commons
on this interesting controversy erased from their
journals, which he at length effected on the dissolu-
tion of the administration of which Lord North had
been at the head from tho time of tho resignation
of the Duke of Grafton, in the year 1770. This oc-
curred May 3,1782. His address on this occasion, as
a specimen of the oratory of the great popular leader
of his time and a,s his statement of his ease, is sub-
joined. The expulsion of Mr. Wilkes from the House
of Commons, and its resolution declaring his ineli-
gibility to sit in tho House after such expulsion,
though returned by a majority of parliamentary
electors, form such prominent events that u may bo
convenient to state the final issue of the struggle."
The order of the House was made, which I
have read, that the former vote bo expunged,
as subversive of the rights of the electors of
the whole of the kingdom of England.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to refer briefly
to the precedents to which my colleague has
referred. I take, first, the case of Preston
Brooks, of South Carolina, who made that
most brutal assault on Charles Sumner in the
Senate of the United States, and who was
charged with that assault witli intent to com-
mit murder at the time, and whoso intention to
commit murder was very manifest from the
character of the assault. A resolution was
adopted by a majority of the House to expel
him, the charge having been found true; but
the requisite two thirds could not be obtained,
lie however accepted the decision of the major-
ity of the House in his case, resigned his seat,
and went to his constituents, and was imme-
diately returned to this House by them. No
notice was taken of that brutal and infamous
assault which he committed on the Senator
from Massachusetts, and he was allowed to take
his seat. Now, I ask if the character of Brooks
was not as infamous, if the act ol Brooks was
not as infamous as the act of Whittemore,
place any construction on it you please? It
you are to take his own statement, it was that
he accepted the money and used it for the pur-
pose of helping the poor colored people in his
district. If Brooks's act was not as infamous
as Whittemore's I should like to know why it
was not. Yet he was permitted to take his
seat in the House during the same session of
Congress.
And take the case of Matteson, of New York,
referred to by my colleague, [Mr. Logan,]
which, it seems to me, is a precedent strongly
in favor of Whittemore. Matteson was found
guilty during the last session of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress of corruption in connection
with some railroad grant. I have the Journal
of the House here containing the record m
the case. A series of resolutions were reported
to the House from the committee that investi-
gated his case; the first declaring the tact that
he had been guilty of corruption, the second
declaring that his conduct stamped him as
unworthy a seat oil this floor, and^ the third
expelling him from this House. Before action
was had on those resolutions Matteson re-
signed his seat. The House thereupon, by
a^very large majority, adopted the first two
resolutions, those setting forth the lact. and
declaring him unworthy a seat upon this floor.
And as he had already resigned, and the House
could not expel him, the resolution of expul-
sion was laid on the table.
When this took place in tho House ot Rep-
resentatives of the Thirty-Fourth Congress
Matteson had already been elected to the I hirty-
Fifth Congress. At the beginning of the next
session he came here and qualified, and took
his seat without objection, although he had
given his constituents no opportunity to pass m
review upon his conduct. His constituents had
elected him to the Thirty-Filth. Congress before
these events occurred. He took advantage ot
that, and without his constituents having a
chance to whitewash him, or pass in review his
acts, he came here and took his seat, and was
i permitted to serve through tho Congress. But
I Mr. Whiitemore has been home; his constit-
1 uents have reviewed his case, and it seems,
