1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5617
command, and able to give security to the
amount of millions, offered to do the work of
cutting the materials at a much lower rate.
But notwithstanding this a contract was made
with an inexperienced man, a distiller, who
never did any work of the kind until this con-
tract was made with him. The contract pur-
ported to be made with a company, when there
was no company in existence, and it is now
proposed by this bill, by repealing the penal
statute altogether, to allow those fraudulent
contracts to be executed.
Now, I for one protest against it. I know
it has been charged against me whenever I
have said anything with reference to these
frauds which_ have been perpetrated that I
have some private reason for doing so. Why,
bless your soul, I never knew this Mr. Mullet
until the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads were charged with the investigation
last winter. I never saw the man, to my knowl-
edge, until that time. I did not know a single
party connected with these matters until the
investigation commenced. I have no private
feeling or private motive in the matter. There
is no friend interested for or against these con-
tracts. The works are in a part of the country
remote from where I reside. None of my con-
stituents live near or are interested in them,
except that my constituents assist in paying
the taxes which go to erect this building and
swell the amount of this wasteful expenditure
of the public money. Now, if it were possi-
ble—but I know it is not in order—I would
move to strike out that item. But I suppose
we are obliged to take the entire report of the
committee or none of it. And I suppose the
House will swallow it, and that we shall go on
as we have gone on a hundred times before,
and that, after swallowing this we will remove
entirely the restrictions as to the cost of the
building, and that this building will go on as
the Charlestown building and the New Orleans
building and other public buildings went on,
without restrictions.
And by the way, as regards the Charlestown
building, the marble and granite furnished for
that building were under a contract made with
the same parties as bad the contract for the
granite for the New York building, that fraud-
ulent contract which was brought to light some
years ago by a committee of which the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargent] was a
member, that gentleman making a report on
behalf of the committee. Yet w'e go on doing
the same thing again and again and again,
as if we loved to be fleeced, hugging to our
very bosoms the men who have been shown to
be engaged in defrauding the Government.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will allow
me I will now resume the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield back the
floor to the gentleman from Massachusetts, and
I wish him to explain why he backed out of
the position which he assured me he would
maintain on the Committee on Appropriations
in regard to this matter.
Mr. DAWES. Before I make any reply to
the gentleman from Illinois, I have promised
to yield to my colleague on the committee from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] How much time does
the gentleman want?
Mr. BECK. Just a minute.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman for
five minutes.
Mr. BECK. I had intended, when we had
reached the last of our appropriation bills, to
make some general remarks on the appropri-
ations we have made; but knowing that at this
stage of the business the House will not listen
to me, I ask leave to have printed in the Globe
the remarks which I had intended to address
to the House.
There was no objection; and leave was
granted. [See Appendix.]
Mr. LOIJGHRIDGE also obtained leave
to print some remarks on the appropriation
bills. [See Appendix.]
Mr. LAWRENCE also asked and obtained
41sx Cong. 2d Sess,—No. 852. *
leave to print some remarks on Government
expenditures, debt, revenue, and the currency.
[See Appendix.]
Mr, DAWES. I shall say just a word or
two in reference to the matter of these post
offices, and then I will call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WARD. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds I desire to ask him whether there is not
a provision in the conference report which
requires that the appointments of the mayor
of this city should not be rejected except by a
vote of two thirds of the board of aldermen.
I understand that there is that absurd and for-
eign provision in the conference report.
Mr. KELLEY. I can answer the gentle-
man ; I heard such a provision read.
Mr. DAWES. First I will answer the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farkswokth. ] The
gentleman from Illinois complains of the pro-
visions in reference to the New York post
office. In the first place, as that provision
applies also to the Boston post office I have
struggled to keep out of that complication,
and have left it to my colleagues on the com-
mittee to determine what should be the condi-
tions in reference to those two offices. I will
explain that we adhere to the position adopted
by Congress on April 10 as to the amount
to be expended, namely, $3,000,000 for the
New York post office and $1,500,000 for the
Boston post office, subject to all the conditions-
precedent in that calculation of April, namely,
that the plans and estimates are all to be made
before a dollar is expended. We have devi-
ated from this rule only in this, that we find
that there were before that provision existed
certain contracts entered into by the Depart-
ment in reference to stone. It is said, on the
one hand, that they were conditional contracts,
only to be binding on the Government as ap-
propriations were made. On the other hand,
it was said that they were binding on the Gov-
ernment in any event. We have provided that
as to any contract made previous to that date,,
which has been approved by the Secretary of
the Treasury, he may adopt it, subject to all the
other conditions and limitations in the original
proviso, provided that it shall in no way affect
the original limitation as to cost.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will only
keep still he will understand the matter.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I want the gentleman
to tell the House whether those contracts are
in violation of law or not.
Mr. DAWES. If I am not permitted to
make my speech in my own way I cannot
make it at all.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Cannot you answer
that question ?
Mr. DAWES. I can if I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] declines to be inter-
rupted.
Mr. DAWES. The only thing modified in
reference to these post office contracts is that
if the Secretary of the Treasury shall be satis-
fied that any contract approved before that
date is a good one he may adopt it, provided
that it shall in no way affect any of the other
conditions. These contracts are to be adopted
by him upon his responsibility, and he is to
administer them.
Now, my friend wants to know whether in
my opinion these contracts are legal or not.
My opinion is that if they bind the Government
to take the stone before appropriations are
made they are illegal; if they only bind the
Government to take the stone as fast as appro-
priations are made, then they are not illegal.
If it is optional with the Government, then they
are legal; if they are not optional, then they
are not legal. 1 do not, however, enter into
that question. I throw the responsibility of
adopting the contracts upon the Secretary of
the Treasury. If he chooses to adopt them
it can only be because he believes they are as
good as any he can make, and only because
they make their contracts within the limitation
prescribed.
And tiow I will answer the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Ward.] There is a provision
in this bill that allows the corporation of
Washington to issue stock of indebtedness to
the amount of $200,000. Coupled with that
is a provision that the nominations of the
mayor* of Washington shall be rejected only
by two thirds of the aldermen, instead of by
a majority, as heretofore. The reason for that
is, the mayor and aldermen are at a dead lock,
and the city government stands still. We are
going away for six months, and we put this
machinery in to see if it will work. If it does
not work, in December those who agreed to that
provision will be quite as quick as anybody
else to relieve them of it and correct any mis-
take we may have made.
Mr. WARD, Does the gentleman think it
right that we should legislate in favor of one
party in this contest and against the other, and
not leave them to fight out their own battle?
Mr. DAWES. I wish the provision was not
in the bill. I did not intend myself to take
part in any such political controversy as exists
in this city. I do not know whether this pro-
vision will work for the advantage of the one
side or the other. The committee were led to
believe that the condition of things here would
be bad when we left, and wo were induced to
accept this as a provisional remedy. If when
we come back we find that it was unwise, then
of course it can be corrected ; of course it can
be corrected now by rejecting this report.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] state how there
can be any dead-lock between the mayor and the
aldermen of this city. I understand that the
majority, who have always controlled in these
cases, have refused to ratify and confirm the
nominations of the mayor. If they do not
confirm the nominations of the mayor, the
offices will continue to be filled by those officers
who now discharge the duties. If the major-
ity, who have the power now and should have
it, refuse to ratify the mayor's nominations,
there is no stoppage of the wheels of the city
government, as 1 understand it. Now, it is
proposed here to place the matter in such a
position that another set of officers may be
substituted in place of those who, if this jiro-
visionis not enacted, will eontinue to discharge
the duties of those offices. I do not see the
necessity of placing a provision of this kind
in an appropriation bill at this stage of the
session.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yield to me for an
inquiry?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. COX. I have been trying, by a little
concert of action with the Clerk, to find out
what this committee of conference have re-
ported in relation to a mint at San Francisco.
And I declare to this House that even with
the aid of our Clerk, it has been impossible
for me to find out precisely what is the report
of the conference upon this subject. When
this bill passed the House it contained an
appropriation of §500,000 for a mint at San
Francisco, and to that was annexed a condi-
tion. Now, what the committee of conference
have done in reference to that part of the bill
it is impossible to find out by any investigation
of their report; at least I have been trying to
to do so for twenty minutes. Now, I wantthe
gentleman from Massachusetts to tell us pre-
cisely what is the meaning of the proviso
attached to that part of the bill, and whether
or not it is in the interest of economy that
such a provision should be in the bill.
Mr. DAWES. If the Clerk will read that
portion of the report 
Mr. COX. The Clerk cannot find it, though
we have been trying for twenty minutes to do so.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot find it either, just
now. A provision was adopted in the Senate,
