530
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
This_ exhibit of the representation of the
States in this House for more than eighty years
develops some interesting points of observa-
tion. It will be seen to what a large degree
the leading slave States managed to retain the
preponderance of power in this body. At the
commencement Virginia had nineteen mem-
bers, and as early as 1802 she had twenty-two,
being double the number to which she is now
entitled. She maintained this large prepon-
derance till 1832. North Carolina had ten
members at the commencement, and for twenty
years, from 1811 to 1832, she had as high as
thirteen members, while under the present ap-
portionment she has only seven. Kentucky
had ten members as early as 1811, as high as
thirteen in 1832, and is now represented by
nine. Maryland had three more members in
1792 than she has now. In 1811 Pennsylva-
nia, with 810,091 population, had twenty-three
members; only one less than she lias in this
Congress with a population of 2,906,115. The
number of members from New York grad-
ually increased from ten in 1792 to forty in
1832, and has since declined to thirty-one.
Ohio had the same number of members in 1832
that she has in this Congress, and Rhode Island,
more fortunate than the new States, has num-
bered her Congressmen by the figure two since
the foundation of the Government. New
Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Mary-
land, Virginia, North Carolina,_ and South
Carolina, all had larger delegations in 1792
than during the present decade. Had it not
been for the sensitiveness of the slave States
and the struggle to maintain the equilibrium
of political power between the North and the
South, regardless of everything else but slavery,
I believe this House would have increased with
the growth of the country, and perhaps been
as numerous now as the English House of
Commons. As the shackles have fallen from
the limbs of the slave amid the horrors of a
bloody civil conflict, so let us forget all the
teachings of the slave-masters, so successfully
indoctrinated into the whole policy of the Gov-
ernment, and make this grand structure what
our fathers intended it should be, the faithful
exponent of the popular will.
Sir, my hope for the future welfare of this
Republic is in the character and numbers of
this House. Under the Constitution it is in-
trusted with the exercise of vast powers, but
the term of its members is so brief that any
abuse of its prerogatives can be speedily cor-
rected. The Senate is entirely unlike the House.
Elected by State Legislatures and with no uni-
form constituency, it is the most anti-repub-
lican branch of our Government and most
heedless of the will of the people. Why, sir,
even since the southern traitors left the Senate
I have heard grave Senators boast that they
were not the representatives of the people;
that they only represented States; and say, in
substance, that their mission was to check the
impetuosity of a thoughtless populace. Our
legislative history has proved that class and
corporate interests find a more ready lodgment
in the Senate than in the House, and that the
money power of the country elects and con-
trols no inconsiderable number of the mem-
bers of so small a legislative body with no
direct responsibility to the people. The long
and successful domination of the great railroad
monopoly which controls the avenues of com-
munication with this capital is a standing evi-
dence of the truth of what I say. I do not
believe that this state of things in reference to
the Senate and the manner of electing its mem-
bers will long continue in this Government.
Experience in the progress of nations some-
times teaches a better lesson than long-estab-
lished precedents. It was best, perhaps, at the
outset to organize the Senate on the basis of
States. Without this feature the Constitution
might not have been adopted and the central
Government thus put in motion.
At the close of the Revolution the necessity
of unity of action among the Colonies and
future States was paramount to all other con-
siderations; and even human slavery, which
Washington abhorred and Jefferson denounced
as "the sum of all villanies," was left as a
viper nestled beneath the flag of the new Re-
public. Our fathers were wise but they were
not infallible. They did that which they were
able to do wisely and well; but they left much
to be done by those who were to come after
them. As we have seen for more than three
quarters of a century that the Senate waff the
citadel and the defense of slavery and of the
pernicious doctrine of State rights by which it
was defended, is it not also possible that the
history of our time will have to record the fact
that the Senate is fast becoming the citadel of
an autocratic monopoly power, in antagonism
to the rights of the masses of the people, and
utterly destructive of the original design of
those who incorporated its peculiar organiza-
tion into our republican system? I believe,
sir, we should have a better Government, as I
know we should have a purer democracy if the
Senate, like the House, was elected by the
direct suffrages of the people. I agree with
my friend from Illinois [Mr. Chllom] that this
proposition must be considered by the Ameri-
can people at no distant day.
But, Mr. Speaker, there are other reasons
than those I have given why I am in favor of
a larger House. No nation in the history of
the world has before increased so rapidly as
ours in wealth and population, or advanced in
such majestic strides to a grand continental
destiny. No civilization was ever before so
aggressive as ours. No national territorial
area has ever been so diversified in climate,
soil, and resources. No people ever exhibited
such unquestioned capacities for self-govern-
ment, and governed themselves so safely and
so well. No other nation ever fostered popular
education, a free press, and perfect religious
toleration, as the fundamental elements of its
social and political economy, or drew from all
classes of its society, at stated periods, all the
officers of its complex yet democratic govern-
ment. The necessities of a nation like this
cannot be fully met by an anti-progressive or
stationary policy. We must not fail to recog-
nize all the elements of our national progress,
nor be alarmed if the demands they make
upon us are more rapid than we expect. With
a larger number of members in this House,
would there not be a larger sympathy with the
people and a more certain comprehension of
all the elements of our national existence—
progress, prosperity, and glory?
Sir, whoever will take the trouble to examine
the debates in the Convention that framed the
Constitution, as also the remarkable papers
embodied in the Federalist, will find this ques-
tion of apportionment treated with great can-
dor. It is a noteworthy fact that the only re-
marks made in that Convention by its illustrious
President, General Washington, were in favor
of the amendment by which thirty thousand
instead of forty thousand was placed in the Con-
stitution as the basis of representation. In sup-
port of Mr. Gorham's motion to amend to this
effect General Washington said:
" That although his situation had hitherto re-
strained liim from offering his sentiments on ques-
tion s depending in the House, and it might be thought
ought now to impose silence upon him. yet he could
not forbear expressing his wish that tho alteration
proposed might take place. It was much to bo de-
sired that the objections to the plan recommended
might be made few as possible. Thesmailness of the
proportion of -Representatives had been considered
1)}' many members of the Convention as an insuffi-
cient security for the rights and interests of the peo-
ple. He acknowledged that it had always appeared
to himself as among the exceptionable parts of the
plan; and late as was the present moment for admit-
ting amendments, he thought, this of so much conse-
quence that it would give him great satisfaction to
see it adopted.
The objections against a small number of
Representatives were made with great vigor.
The chief points were—
1. Small numbers unsafe depositaries of the
public interests.
2. Will not possess proper loeal knowledge.
3. Will be taken from a class sympathizing
least with the people.
4. That the disadvantages of a small number
of Representatives will grow with increase of
population.
Hamilton, in combating these objections,
declared that the fourth was a serious one if
it should prove true. He did not consider it
extravagant to estimate that within the twenty-
five years following the first apportionment
the number of Representatives would be two
hundred, and at the end of fifty years it would
be four hundred. The result has justified the
objections. The increase of Representatives
has not kept pace with the, population. The
argument for a large House as being more
likely to serve all interests cannot be more
forcibly presented than in the words of; Ham-
ilton, discussing in the fiftieth paper of the
Federalist the legislative power of the na-
tional Government. He uses the following
language:
" It is of great importance in a republic not only
to guard the society against the oppression, of its
rulers, but to guard one part of the society against the
injustice of the other part. Different interests neces-
sarily exist in different classes of citizens. If a ma-
jority be united by a common interest the rights of
the minority will be insecure. There are but two
methods of providing against this evil; the one by
creating a will in the community independent of the
majority, that is, of the society itself; the other, by
comprehending in the society so many separate descrip-
tions of citizens as will render an unjust combination
Of a majority of ike whole very improbable, if not im-
practicable
The increased complexity of our civilization
must not be forgotten in the progress of our
legislative history. It is certain, as Hamilton
says, that'' in republican governments the legis-
lative authority necessarily predominates."
Let us make it, then, as truly representative as
possible. We want on this floor men to pre-
■ sent every legitimate interest and to advocate
the claims and wishes of every class found
within the limits of the Republic. Sir, in this
principle of numerous representation I see a safe
protection of the masses from the domination
of consolidated interests on the part of the few.
This tendency to consolidation on the part of
our railroad and telegraph companies, and, in
fact, on the part of all modern commercial and
speculative enterprises, is apparent to all, and
is fraught with danger to the liberties of the
people. These great corporations and enter-
prises are all founded on special privileges
granted by the legislative power, and in their
enormous aggregation ofi capital and in the self-
ishness common to mankind there comes a
danger to the freedom and purity of legislation
which I would guard against by every possible
means of protection. For the safety of the Re-
public against influences which these corporate
interests already exercise, and which are cer-
tain to be more potent in the near future, it is
absolutely necessary in my judgment that we
shall have a numerous representation in the
popular branch of Congress. The brazen-faced
gamblers who control your Erie railroads, shuf-
fle at the gold board, and make a lottery of
stocks may be able to subsidize State courts
and Legislatures; but with three hundred or
more members in this body I do not believe
that its integrity could be successfully assailed.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is still another view
of this question which I desire to present in
this debate. What is to be the future of this
country? What is to be the political effect
of the progress of our civilization ? Where is
the center of our population to be, and where
the preponderance of political power? Is it
possible under our republican system to cramp
and circumscribe the growth of this House, and
thus destroy the popular principle upon which
it was made a part of the Government? The
enterprise, the hope, and the aspiration of the
nation are centered in the agricultural, mineral,
and commercial processes of development
