3730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Sir, this is an insult to the native-American
citizens who are accused of having used those
words, an insult to the foreigners and the col-
ored people to whom they are applied. I can-
not passover them in silence, that the people,
at least, may learn that Congress does not enter-
tain such an opinion.
Mr. CONNER. I would ask my colleague
if we have not white people enough in Texas
without the negroes?
Mr. DEGENER. I do not understand, nor
do I care. From theremarks of Mr. Voorhees,
more still from the general tone of the discus-
sion, the inference must be drawn that the
American people look upon the Irish, the
Dutch, and the negroes as mere "voting cat-
tle." Far be it from me to accuse Mr. Voor-
hees of entertaining such opinions; neverthe-
less, if he will read the Globe carefully, he must
come to the conclusion that this construction,
so little flattering, will be given to the discus-
sion. As far as I am myself concerned 1 care
little whether you call me Hollander or Ger-
man. I know that " Dutch" isa geographical
error, probably originating in the similarity
of the sounds "Dutch" and "Deutsch." I
do care, however, for the opprobrium and rid-
icule which uneducated men try to infuse into
the appellation. This House I consider the
drawing-room of the nation. There is no place
in it for "slang." The Germans, sir, are a
reflecting people. They think perhaps more
logically than any other nation. Their vote is
the result of reflection, and the conclusion at
which they arrive they stand by. It is not in
the nature of a German to change his opinions
like a suit of clothes. At the time when the
Know-Nothings were a party, and the Ger-
mans were forced with the Democrats, they
knew how to discriminate between the follies
of the mob and the great principles which
called the party into life.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DEGENER. I would like to say a few
words more on this question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chai? has no power
to extend the time.
Mr. FINKLENBURG obtained the floor,
and yielded to
. Mr. DEGENER. At the time even when
the Know-Nothing mob reigned supreme the
Germans, certainly the educated class, knew
that the outrages committed by the ignorant
American mob had nothing to do with the fund-
amental principles of the party from which
the national idea sprang, which subsequently
became the Union party, the party which saved
the nation, and, by abolishing slavery, made
America respectable among the family of
nations. We recognized at an early day in this
party the germ of that party which would event-
ually wipe out that black stain from our Con-
stitution.
It is the original Know-Nothing party, re-
deemed from its past sins, which has conceived
the fifteenth amendment. The Germans see
in this amendment the keystone of that vast
dome of liberty which spans the continent
from ocean to ocean, and they trust that it will
outlive time, because it is based upon the most
glorious instrument ever conceived by human
intellect, the Declaration of Independence.
[Applause.]
The Germans will stand faithfully by that
party as long as it remains true to itself, and
reminiscences of things gone by will influence
them no more than stories of witches burned
two hundred and fifty years ago by Protestants,
or the outrages committed in the thirty years'
war by Catholics on Protestants, who by their
tongues were nailed to the gallows-frames
because they espoused the cause of reform.
What shall I say of the colored population ?
Uii tutored though they are they are keen in their
perceptions. They know who made them free.
They vote with their friends from conviction;
and if there are Africans who voted the other
way it is not the negro who did it, but the
slave still cropping out. [Applause.]
The Irish, sir, do not need my defense.
The Democrats love them so well that they
would fain make them citizens, ay, and voters,
too, within tour and twenty hours after they
arrive from the green isle. [Laughter.] Let
the Democrats defend them. But, sir, the
Irish are fast discovering that there is no room
for them in a party which needs a human
"mudsill" for its very existence. They are
fast coming over to our side, and at the next
election, may be, the Democrats will look upon
Irish majorities as things that were. So much
for the foreigners as "voting cattle."
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. Mr. Chairman, when
the other day certain reflections were made upon
my nationality by the other side of the House
I did not think them worthy of a response; but
as the attention of the country and of this
House has been called to the fact by the gen-
tleman from Texas, [Mr. Degener,] it is per-
haps proper for me and due to ray constituents
that 1 should add a word to what has already
been said on that subject. Sir, if there is still
any one upon this floor who believes that the
German vote of this country can be transferred
from one party to another by mere political
maneuver, that it is subject to barter and sale,
or that the German citizens of this country can
be used like a shuttlecock by sharp political
gamesters, they not only sadly underrate the
intelligence and moral character of my coun-
trymen, but show a deplorable ignorance upon
their own part in doing so. The German citi-
zen of this country will henceforth, as he has
heretofore done, adjust his own political stand-
ing according to the dictates of his conscience
and his judgment. Of all the voters in this
country 1 veuture to say there are none more
conscientious, none more true to principle than
my countrymen. The German usually acts after
mature reflection and«upon deep-seated con-
viction ; and that is more than some of those
gentlemen who continually pride themselves
upon being indigenous to the soil can always
say.
Sir, I point to the history of the last decade
in vindication of the political independence
of the German citizens of this country. They
acted with you gentlemen on the other side as
long as Democracy was an exponent of liberal
principles. When the Republican party repre-
sented free speech, afree press, and free human-
ity the Germans flocked to its standard, and
there they will remain as long as that party
remains true to itself. [Applause.]
Mr. KELSEY. I will give notice now to
gentlemen that 1 will hereafter make the point
of order on any one who may wander from the
subject under consideration. We have dis-
cussed outside issues long enough.
Mr. COX. Why did the gentleman not make
the point on his own friends ?
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish to be heard for a
moment on this question.
Mr. COX. I should like to ask unanimous
consent to have the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Mungen] address the committee on this subject
in the German language. [Laughter.] I hope
his colleague [Mr. Bingham] will not think it
unconstitutional or not according to the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the gentleman from Ohio will be allowed to
address the House in the German language.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
The questiou recurred on Mr. Dawes's amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to add to the end of
line twenty-three the following:
For minister to Uruguay, accredited also to Para-
guay, $11,250.
Mr. Chairman, that does not interfere with
any of the established ministers, but it adds the
sending to Paraguay and Uruguay, and ac-
crediting to both one minister. The appoint-
ment gives, according to the law, the pay of
the minister to Uruguay aud one half of the
pay of a minister to Paraguay, $7,500, and
$3,750, making in all $11,250. That is the
usual rule wherever one minister is accredited
to two missions. He is given the full pay of
one and half the pay of the other. No one,
sir, would think of renewing diplomatic rela-
tions with Paraguay if the tyrant Lopez still
exercised his despotic sway over that coun-
try; but he has gone to his account, although
he has left his country a smouldering ruin,
depriving it almost entirely of its male popula-
tion. It is a beautiful country. The allies, who
have destroyed the government of Lopez, have
lent their efforts to rebuild a new government
upon the old. It is expected it will result, in
a more liberal government than ever before has
existed in Paraguay under a tyrannical dynasty,
such as has been a disgrace to the civilized
world, as has been shown to be the case in the
most remarkable report of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Orth,] in reference to which
dynasty, if I may be allowed to say so, that
report places in no enviable position some por-
tion of our Navy for having given it sympathy
and encouragement. I hope there will be no
objection to reestablishing diplomatic relations
with that country, so as to extend our aid in
helping to establish a more liberal government
there.
Mr. WILLARD. I move to amend by insert-
ing "$7,500" instead of " $11,250," so as to
make the amount the same as for the minister
resident at the Argentine Republic. I shall
explain what is my only reason for offering this
amendment. While I think it possible that
next year there maybe some use or some need
for our having a diplomatic representative
accredited to Paraguay, I am unable to see that
at present there is any such need. It appears
to me, therefore, that there is no necessity for
giving this additional salary to the minister to
Uruguay on account of his being also accred-
ited to Paraguay. Its Government is now
merely a provisional government organized
under the authority of the Powers which have
been making war upon Paraguay, and which
have defeated Lopez. Under these circum-
stances it appears to me that a salary of $7,500
a year is enough; and if the House is looking
to the question of economy in considering this
as well as other appropriation bills, I should
think that economy might very fairly and prop-
erly be exercised here by putting this salary at
$7,500. I have serious doubts whether there
is any particular need of a minister at all.
But if we are to have one, I think the.salary
I have named is enough.
Mr. ORTH. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont. Mr.
Chairman, I think it is right and proper that
Congress should provide for a representative
to Paraguay. The allies have established
there what is called by them a provisional gov-
ernment. The allies were not our friends dur-
ing the controversy. As was correctly stated
the other day by the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, the Brazilian Government
is European in its principles and its tendencies.
The Paraguayan people are naturally opposed
to such principles and tendencies, and they
require at this time, more than ever before in
all their past history, encouragement, kindness,
and recognition on the part of this Government.
It is right that we should accredit a minister
there, although probably not a full minister
to Paraguay exclusively, and that is not con-
templated by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. It is proposed that there shall be a
minister whose duty shall be divided between
Paraguay and Uruguay. Iam opposed to lim-
iting the salary to $7,500, and 1 am equally
opposed to a salary of $11,250. I think if we
fixed the salary of the minister to Paraguay
and Uruguay at $10,000, the same as we* pay
to the ministers to Chili and Peru, we would
hit the proper medium, and I hope the gentle-
man from Massachusetts will consent to that
change. Uruguay is but a small Power,'and
but a small portion of a minister's time would
be required for either of those places; but it
is right that the minister we send there should
visit both countries.
