5618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
with reference to the mint at San Francisco,
a temporary provision to continue while the
building was being finished. The -provision
was adopted upon the recommendatiofi of the
entire delegation from the Pacific coast. There
is a great deal of controversy about the pro-
priety of such a provision; but it was thought
by the committee of conference, that inasmuch
as it was to continue only while the building
was being finished, it was an experiment that
would demonstrate whether it was economical
or not. I now call the previous question on
agreeing to the report.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays on agreeing to the report.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and there were fourteen in the
affirmative; not one fifth of the last full vote.
Before the result or the vote was announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering tellers ;
and there were sixteen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were accordingly not
ordered.
The reportwas then agreed to, upon a divis-
ion—ayes 105, noes 20.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. DAWES. I desire now to submit a con-
ference report upon the last appropriation bill
now pending between the two Houses, except
the Indian appropriation bill.
The report was read, as follows :
The committee of conforenco on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill of the House No. 2369, making additional appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in theappropriations
for the service of the Government for the fiscal years
ending June30,1870, and June 30,1871,and forother
purposes, having met, afterfull and free conference,
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendment
number fourteen.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate, numbered2, 3,4, 5, 8,
9,10, 11,12,13,15, and 115.
That the House recedc from their disagreement to
the first Amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same, with an amendment, as follows:
Add at the end of said amendment the following:
"in the office of the Comptroller of the Currency,
for one clerk of class three, two clerks of class two,
and three clerks of class one, $9,800;" and the Sen-
ate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixthamendraentof the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: add at the end
of said amendment the following words: "and the
gum of &4G5 per annum to the assistant librarian in
charge of the Hall library;" and the Senate agree
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendment: add to said
amendment the following words:
Provided, That the appropriation of $(8,0o0 for
lithographing for the Patent Office, in the legislat-
ive, executive, and judicial appropriation bill, for
the year ending June 30,1871, is hereby carried to
the fund for lithographing and engraving for the
Senate and House ot Representatives.
And the Senate agree to the same.
H. L. DAWES,
WILLIAM E. NIBLACK,
JOHN A. PETERS,
Managers on the part of the House.
L. M. MORRILL,
C. COLE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
oo the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JIBrORT on CATTLE diseases.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back the following concurrent
resolution of the Senate, on which he demanded
the previous question:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That there be printed six thou-
sand extra copies of the reports on the diseases-of
cattle m the United States, presenting the results of
investigations ordered by Congress and conducted
under the direction of the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture, with illustrations representing various stages
of disease, including six photomicrographs and not
exceeding eight colored plates; of which fifteen hun-
dred copies shall be for the use of members of the
Senate, three thousand copies for the use of the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, and fitteen
hundred for the Commissioner of Agriculture.
ADJOURNMENT, ETC.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that when the House adjourns it adjourn to
meet at nine o'clock to-morrow morning.
Mr. ELDRIDGE]. I think that ten o'clock
will be early enough.
Mr. COX. I hope that to-morrow the con-
ference committees will understand the reports
they bring here.
Mr. DAWES. 1 think nine o'clock had bet-
be fixed as the hour of meeting to-morrow.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoofer] by striking out "nine" and
inserting " ten."
On agreeing to the amendment, there were—
ayes 81, noes ^5.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hooper,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Eldiiidge were
appointed.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that the House will
not put it beyond its power to secure the pas-
sage of all the appropriation bills. We ought
to meet to-morrow not later than nine o'clock,
and if we find that we do not need all the time
we can take a recess.
Mr. CESSNA. I xvish to make a statement
an regard to the business of the House. The
contestant in the case of Reid vs. Julian desires
that his case be called up and voted on with-
out discussion.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Bring it up
now.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope not. '
Mr. RANDALL. We can consider that
case to-morrow morning between nine and ten
o'clock.
The House divided; and the tellers repoit-
ed—ayes 59, noes 85.
So the amendment of Mr. Eldridge was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts, that when the
House adjourns, it be to meet to-morrow morn-
ing at nine o'clock.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts will be agreed
to. There is a contested-election case from
the fourth district of Indiana, which gentle-
men on both sides are desirous to dispose of;
and we can proceed with the consideration of
that case to-morrow morning at nine o'clock,
and close it perhaps by ten. We shall be will-
ing to agree that any conference report or any
important public bill coming from the Senate
shall supersede for the time being the con-
sideration of the election case, even though
the latter should be driven over to next session.
Mr. Hooper's motion was agreed to.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Eldridge, that the House adjourn, there
were—ayes 54, noes 82.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 74, nays 100, not voting
5G ; as follows : j
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ainblor, Archer, Beatty, ■
Benjamin, Benton, Biggs, Bird, Biair. James Brooks, I
Burchard, Burr, Amasa Cobb, Oowles, Cox. Crebs,
Cullom, D>twes, Dickinson, Dixon, Duval, Eldiidge, -
Gaifield, Gctz, Gribwold, Haldeman, Hambleton, |
Hamill, Harris, Holman, Hooper, Lawrence, Lough-
ridge, McCarthy, McCormiok, McNeely, Mercur,
Eliakim H. Moore. Morphis, Negley, Niblack. Perce,
Peters, Poland, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rogers,
Sanford, Scofield, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod,
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith. Steven-
son,Stiles, Stone,Strong, Tillman, Townsend, Upson,
Van Wyek, Ward, William li. Washburn, Welker.
Wells, Whitmore, Williams, Winans, Witcher, and
Woodward—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Armstrong, Arnell,
Asper,Atwood,Axtell,Ayer, Banks, Barn urn, Barry,
Beck, Bingham, Boles, George M. Brooks, Buck,
Buckley, Baffin ton, Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Cake. Caikin, Cessna, Church-
ill, William T. Clark, Coburn, Conger, Conner,
Degener, Dickey, Donley, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkeln-
fourg. Fox, Gilfillan, Haigllt., Hamilton, Hawkins,
Hays, Ileflm, Hill, Hoar, lugersoll, Jenckes, John-
son,ThomasL. Jones, Judd, J ulian, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Ivnapp, Knott, Laflin, Lash, Lewis, Lynch,
Maynard, McCrnry. McGrew, McKenzie, William
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P.Morrill, Mun-
gen, O'Neill, Ortli, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Peck, Phelps, Porter, Prosser, Rice, Roots, Sargent,
Sawyer, Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, John A.
Smith, William Sinyrh, Starkweather. Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Swann, Sweeney, Taffe, Tan-
ner. Trimble. Twicliell, Tyner, Van Horn, Wheeler,
Eugene M. Wilson, and Winchester—100.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bailey, Beaman, Bennett,
Booker, Bovven, Uoyd, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland,
Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Covode, Darrnll, Davis.
Dockery, Dox.Dyer, Lla, Farnsworth, Fisher,Fitch,
Gibson, Hale, ILi.wley, Ilay, Hoge, Ilotchkiss, Alex-
ander II. Jones, Kerr, Ketcham, Lngan, Marshall,
May ham, MeKee, Milnes, Jesse II. Moore, Morgan,
Morrisscy, Myers, Newsham, Piatt, Pomeroy, Ridg-
way, Sehenek, Shober, Worthington C. Smith, Ste-
vens, Strader, Taylor, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Voorhoes, Wallace, Cadwaladcr C. V/asbburn, Wil-
kinson, Willard, John T, Wilson, and Wood—oO.
So the House refused to adjourn.
MESSAGE I'ltOM TUB S1SJTATB.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Goriiam, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed a bill and joint reso-
lution of the following titles, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 804) in aid of the New Orleans,
Baton Rouge, and Vicksburg railroad ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 252) for the relief
of Mary E. Lane.
IllSPOItT ON CATTLE DISEASES.
The SPEAKER. The pending question
before the House is the following Senate con-
current resolution,reported from the Committee
on Printing by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Laflix,] with the recommendation that
it do pass:
Reaolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) Thatthere be printed six thousand
extra copies of the reports on the disoases of cattlc
in the United States, presenting the results of in-
vestigations ordered by Congress, to be conducted
under the direction of the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture. with illustrations representing various stages
of disease, including six photomicrographs, and not
exceeding eight colored plates; ol which fifteen
hundred copies shall be for the use of the members
of the Senate, three thousand for the use of the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, and fifteen
hundred for the use of the Commissioner of Agri-
culture.
Mr. LAFLIN demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was concurred in.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL KEPOKTS.
Mr. LAFLIN, ftom the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the House concurrent resolution to print
additional copies of the annual report of the
Commissioner of Agriculture for 1SG9, with the
recommendation that, it be concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Strike outall after "3869," down to the end of tho
resolution, and insert in lieu thereoi:
Two hundred and twenty-five thousand extia
copies: one hundred and eighty thousand of which
shall be lor the use of the House, twentv thousand
for the Senate, and twenty-live thousand for distri-
bution by tho Commissioner of Agriculture.
Mr. LAFLIN demanded the previous ques-
tion.
