4674
TI1E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
from the credentials presented liere, that they
have not found him guilty of the act charged
against him.
I mention these facts as evidence to my mind
that this case should undergo examination by
a competent committee, for I think it involves
a grave constitutional question, one reaching
to the rights of Representatives and of popular
government. I remember when I first came
here a^majority of the people of the South
were of opinion that a man was infamous who
entertained anti-slavery opinions. Now, how
long would it take in times of great popular
excitement for a majority of the people to
come to the conclusion that a man who holds
certain opinions 011 political or religious ques-
tions is infamous and ought not to be allowed
to hold a seat here? If we adopted this pre-
cedent the limit between the position of my
colleague [Mr. Logan] and the point beyond
would be very dim, and thus you would be led
you cannot tell where.
At all events, when these credentials were
presented by the Speaker the other day, it
seemed to me that the case should be sent to
a committee. I then mentioned the Committee
of Elections; but as the case involves rather
legal questions than anything else, the creden-
tials being all fair upon their face, and there
being nothing that I know of for the Commit-
tee of Elections to do, it seems to me proper
that it should be sent to the law committee of
this House, so that it may report the law in the
case, in order that with the facts which wo
have there shall be a complete record of this
case, and our action here may be a precedent
that shall not mislead our successors.
Now if my colleague insists upon it, I will
yield the floor to him to call the previous ques-
tion, which I hope will not be sustained before
the resolution of the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Poland] can be entertained and adopted.
Before I do that, however, I have promised to
yield a few minutes to the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Poland.]
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] to allow some more
time for discussion. I do not want any for
myself; but I desire that the proposition of
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland]
may be presented and advocated.
Mr. LOGAN. I waul to know how many
gentlemen desire to speak? If there are but
seventeen or eighteen, of course it would not
take up much time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I want ten minutes upon
the law of the case.
Mr. GARETELD, of Ohio. I want five or
ten minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. The House can vote down
the previous question if they want more dis-
cussion. I have no disposition to contend !
with the House, or to disagree with gentlemen {
here; but this case has been once discussed in
this House; it has now been pending for sev-
eral days, and gentlemen have had plenty of
time to examine it. I do not know whether
the House will sustain my position or not;
that does not make any difference to me. I
have my own views about it. I am satisfied
of one thing, that all the discussion that can
be had here will not change the opinion of a
single man here. I know there are men who
would admit anybody here, and 1 am willing
they should have a chance to vote on the mat-
ter. Now, sir, if the House wishes to prolong
the discussion of this matter it can vote down
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman will allow
mo to inquire, might we not be aiming at some-
thing like the same object he has in view, and
yet have a different way ©f reaching it, and
iMitertain a different view of the law or the
Constitution, as applied to the case? Is it
absolutely essential that we shall pursue the
gentleman's particular way, or else do nothing
at all ?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; it is not necessary
to pursue ray particular way any more than it
was necessary for the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sckenck] to stand here and exercise a
perfect tyranny over this House during four
whole weeks. I do not want the gentleman to
insinuate anything in regard to my course upon
this question. If he does not like my resolu-
tion let him vote against it; but I accept dic-
tation from nobody in this House. I ask for
the previous question.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 09, noes 05.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Logan and
Mr. Falinswoiith were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers import-
ed—ayes 8-1, noes 57.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered ; which was
upon agreeing to the resolution of Mr. Logan.
Mr. STILES. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNAHD. Mr. Speaker, if this res-
olution should fail, will it then be in order to
act on the resolution ol' the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland ?]
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
answered that question.
The question was taken ; and it. was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 180, nays 24, not voting
70; as follows:
YEAS—Messi-*. Adams, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Aspor, Atwood, Bailey, Harry, Beaman, Beatty, lion-
jamiii, .Bennett, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Blair, Boyd,
Buckley, Buftmton, Burchard, Burdett.Burr, Calkin,
Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarko, Cleve-
land, Atoiisa Cobb, Cook, Conger, Conner, Cox,
Crebs, Cullom, Davis,Degener, Dickinson, Dockery,
Donley, Dox, Dyer, Ferriss, Pinkelnburg, Fisher,
Fitch, Fox, G.irfield,Gfttz,Uillillnn,Griswold,IIaight,
Hardeman, Haimll, Hamilton, Harris. Hawkins,llay,
Ingcrsoll, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Ketcliam, Laflm, Lash, Lawrencc, Lew in, Logan,
Mayham, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew, McKonzie,
McNeely, Jesse II. Moore, William Moore, Morgan,
Morphis, Mungen, Myeis, Negley, O'Neill, Ortli,
Packard, Packer, Pa.lmer, Peck, Peters, Piatt, Por-
ter, Prosser, Randall, Reeves, Itice, Rogers, San-
ford. Sargent, Schumaker, Scofleld, Shanks, Lionel
A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon. Sherrod, Shobor,
S'loeum, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stiles, Stokes, Strickland,
Strong, Swann, Sweeney, Tanner, Tillman, Tyner,
Upson, Van Aukcn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, WilliamB. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Wilkin-
son, Williams, Eugeno M. Wilson, John X. Wilson,
and Winchester—130.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnell.Aycr, George M. Brooks,
Benjamin 1'. Batler, Cessna., Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn,
Ela, Farnsworth, Hoar, Jenckes, KeUey, Knapp,
Maynard, Samuel P. Morrill, Newsham, Poland;
Roots, Sawyer. William J. Smith, Tafl'e, Taylor,
Xwiehell. and Whiciuore—24.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Ax-
tell, Banks, Barnum, Beck, Benton, Boles, Booker,
Bowcn, James Brooks, Buck, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, Covode, Cowles, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Duval,
Eldridge, Ferry, Gibson, Halo, Hainbloton, Hawlcy,
Hays, Heaton, lleflin, Hill, Hoge, Holman, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Johnson, Alexander IX. Jones, Julian,
Kerr, Knott, Loughridgc. Lynch, Marshall, McCor-
inick, McKec, Mcrour, Milnes, Uliakim H. Moore,
Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Niblack, Paine, Perce,
Phelps, Potneroy, Potter, itidgway, Scheuck,Wortll-
ington O. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson. Stone, Stough-
ton, Strader, Townscnd, Trimble, Van Horn, Van
Trump, Van Wyek, Voorhees, Wallace, Wheeler,
Willard.Winans, Witcher,Wood, and Woodward—70.
So the resolution of Mr. Logan was adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. VAN THUMP said: I decline to vote
on this question.
Mr. BORCHARD said: My colleague, Mr.
Hawley, who is necessarily absent, would, if
he were present, vote "ay" 011 this question.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I rise for the purpose of
movingthatthe rulesbe suspended, andthatthe
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to take up the
sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion,
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yield to the gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland?]
Mr. DAWES. I will hear the resolution
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That all proceedings heretofore liad in
this Congress in'the case of B. F. Whittemore, claim-
ing a seat in this House as a Representative from the
first district in South Carolina, be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, with leave to report
at any time the law and tbe precedents applicable
to the case, and their judgment whether said Whit-
temore should or should not be admitted to a seat
in this House.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield for the pre-
sentation of that resolution. The House has
passed upon the question, and although it has
not acted in accordance with my own judg-
ment I do not feci it necessary that the matter
should be i*eopened.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, is not this a
question of privilege ?
The SPEAKER. The Chafr is compelled
to rule that the resolution is not a question of
privilege, the House having acted definitively
on the subject. Hence, the resolution cannot
be introduced at this time without unanimous
consent.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported tha,t they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1697) to incorporate the
National Mutual Life Assurance Association
of Washington, District of Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 1998) granting a pension
to Betsey Arlin;
An act (H. R. No. 2096) granting a pension
to Mary Fryer, of Philadelphia;
An act (H. R. No. 2101) granting a pension
to Dolly Brown;
An act (Id. It. No. 2102) granting a pension
to Jacob Gates;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 800) granting
a pension to John Powers, late a private in
eleventh regiment United States infantry in the
war of 1812; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 30-1) author-
izing the Secretary of War to place at the
disposal of the judges of the county court
of Greene county, State of Missouri, certain
captured ordnance.
virginia contested-election case.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I give
notice that I shall call up the Virginia con-
tested-election case, Mr. Booker being the
sitting member, for the decision of the House
at the earliest practicable moment.
sub-committee of elections.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Butler,] one of the members of one
of the sub-committees of elections, who is
absent from the city, desired, if lie should not
return in time, that some one else should be
putin his place ; and I now therefore ask author-
ity of the House for the Committee of Elections
to substitute some other member for the gentle-
man from Tennessee on that sub-committee.
There was no objection, and authority was
granted accordingly.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the miscellaneous appropriation bill;
and pending that motion, I move that all gen-
eral debate be closed in forty minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Bcffiktosf in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 2165) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 80, 1871, and for other purposes.
