1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2787
the gentleman from Massachusetts there was
to be a funeral he was not to blame for fearing
the result. [Greatlaughter.]
Mr. TWICHELL. Mr. Speaker, [laugh-
ter] 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Tlie gentle-
man from Illinois declines to be interrupted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will now yield to
my colleagues on the committee, the gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Ferry,] the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Tyseb,] and the other
members of the committee who have joined in
this report. I appeal to them to state if what
f have said is not substantially true. And first
I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. Be-
fore taking my seat, however, I will say that
I hold in my hand the original manuscript,
in my own writing, of the major part of our
report. The gentleman from Indiana wrote
the remainder.
Mr. FERRY. in response to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth,] the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, I do not rise to say much upon
the general question of the report, for that
speaks for itself. As the chairman has put the
question to me whether what he has stated is
not in the main correct, I will say that so far
as my recollection goes and my knowledge of
the facts is concerned I believe he has cor-
rectly stated what transpired in the committee
on this subject. The report will further verify
the facts in the case, and show indisputably
who is correct, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts or the gentleman from Illinois.
While I am up I feel it to be my duty more
especially to answer the imputation which has
been made upon the majority of the committee
by the gentleman from Massachusetts. During
the discussion on Friday last 1 stated that an
imputation had been cast upon some members
of the committee by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. In that remark I had reference to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. But-
ler. That gentleman stated that he had de-
rived his information from hearsay, and upon
that [rested so far as he was concerned. Now,
the other gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr.
Twiciiell, states this morning that according
to his belief there is not a member of the com-
mittee who knows anything about the report
that was made.
Mr. TWICHELL rose.
Mr. FERRY. I do not yield. I know the
peculiarities of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts perfectly well; and I am not now quite so
lenient as the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth. ] I think the House must see
that in the time I have it is impossible for me
to yield to the gentleman, for if I did he would
occupy the wholeof it. He has had a full hour,
and with that he ought to be satisfied, when I
have but a few minutes to respond. I wish to
state—and the gentleman from Nevada [Mr.
Fitch] will, I think, verify my statement—
that during the consideration of the report in
committee from day to day I endeavored, as
well as other members of the committee, to
harmonize seemingly conflicting views, in order
that we might make a united report. Whole
modifying paragraphs in the handwriting of
the gentleman from Nevada were accepted at
my solicitation, in order that we might have
harmony in the conclusions of the committee.
I appeal to the gentleman from Nevada to say
whether I am stating the fact.
Mr. FITCH. I Will say this: there has been
a constant effort to leach harmony in the com-
mittee, but there does not seem to have been
very eminent succcss.
Mr. FERRY. I ask the gentleman whether
that report was not considered ironi day to
day in open committee?
Mr. FITCH. 1 have no doubt it was. It
was while I was there. I became disgusted
with the proceedings at an early day, and was
afterward not diligent in my attendance.
Mr. FERRY. I ask the gentleman still fur-
ther whether he did not remain in the commit-
tee, participating in the examination and con-
sideration of the subject, until we arrived at a
conclusion, or until we reached the concluding
paragraph of the report?
Mr. FITCH. I do not know that the com-
mittee have yet arrived at a conclusion, and I
cannot answer that question.
Mr. FERRY. Well, as the gentleman seems
to evade my inquiry—notintentionally, Itrust—
I will ask him whether we did not generally
harmonize upon the report until wo came to
the closing paragraph, in which the majority of
the committee proposed to annul the contract?
Mr. FITCH. No; I caunot say that wo did.
We did not say anything about it one way or
the other. If silence can be taken for harmony,
wo had harmony; if not, not. [Laughter.]
Mr. FERRY. Then, I ask the gentleman
from Nevada whether we did not consider the
report, paragraph by paragraph, clear through,
until, as he says, he left the committee when
the closing portion of the report was under
consideration'!
Mr. FITCH. The report was considered,
paragraph by paragraph; and we were about
half through when I lost interest in the proceed-
ing, and attended thereafter to business of more
consequence to my constituents. I do not
know what transpired afterward.
Mr. FERRY. The gentleman^ has finally
answered sufficiently to verify me in the state-
ment that tho report was fully considered by
the committee.
Mr. FITCH. Certainly, the report was con-
sidered.
Mr. FERRY. The gentleman now directly
and positively states that the report was con-
sidered in committee. I put that statement, in
connection with my own, against the statement
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Twicheli,,] and let the House and the country
settle the matter of difference between us, and
determine who has been faithful to facts, as well
as the question of veracity.
Mr. FITCH. The gentleman fisks whether
there was not perfect harmony in the commit-
tee; whether the report was not considered
harmoniously. I cannot say that it was con-
sidered harmoniously ; but it was considered.
Mr. FERRY. What I asked the gentleman
was not whether the consideration of the re-
port was harmoniously conducted, but whether
it was not the apparent object and manifest
determination of the committee by their acts
to secure harmony and cooperation, so as to
make finally a united report?
Mr. FITCH. That was probably tho object
of the gentleman from Michigan. It was my
object also. I presume it was the object of
the committee generally; but we did not suc-
ceed in achieving that object. [Laughter.]
Mr. TWICHELL rose.
Mr. FERRY. I decline to be interrupted
by the gentleman. Now, Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has himself opened
the door to what transpired in committee. 1
am sorry the gentleman has set the unwarrant-
able precedent; and inasmuch as he has at-
tacked different members of tho committee, I
feel it now my imperative duty to state my
knowledge of what transpired in committee, so
far as it pertains to this report.
Now, sir, in verification of what I have stated,
let me say that the chairman of the committee
assigned the duty of making the report to two
sub-committees ; he, with others, took one por-
tion ; the other portion was assigned to tho gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Tyner] and myself.
We undertook the duty ofdrawing up that por-
tion assigned to us. Whereupon I stated to the
gentleman from Indiana, my colleague, that in
the Fortieth Congress I had been charged, as
chairman of a sub-committee, with an examina-
tion of this New York post-office building; that,
having made a full report upon it at that time,
a part of which the chairman saw fit to incor-
porate in his part of thereport, I felt a delicacy
in doing much myself in the structure of a re-
port now; and added very frankly that I pre-
ferred not to color in any manner the present
report by my previous views, and that I would
thank him if he would draw up the report
.himself, and I would consider what he would
write, and if meeting my concurrence should
have my approval; and that portion assigned
to this sub-committee, composed of that gen-
tleman and myself, was drawn up originally by
myeolleague, [Mr. Tynrr ;] and I now ask him
whether, in accordance therewith, I did not, on
several occasions, go through the whole report
with him, making few changes, and whether,
when we came to the consideration of the whole
report as finally agreed upon, we did not, sub-
sequently to that conclusion, go through it and
make several verbal corrections?
Mr. TYNER. Mr. Speaker, in answer to
the question put by my colleague on the com-
mittee 1 beg leave to say, somewhat in detail,
that after the duty of preparing a portion of
this report was assigned to me I drew up tho
report as stated; that I did it when the clerk
of that committee was not present. And I
make this remark in view of the charge mads
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Twiciiell,] that this was the report of ths
clerk, that he wrote the report, and that it bears
the earmarks of his composition. 1 beg leave
to say that in the quiet of my own room I drew
up about one half of this report, and that the
clerk of the committee did not see it until after
I had submitted it to the gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Furry] who was with me on the
sub-committee, until we had criticised it closely,
and until after we had come to the conclusion
that it simply embodied the facts and stated
precisely what wo desired to express. It was
only after this that this portion of the report
was submitted to the committee in regular ses-
sion.
If the gentleman from Michigan will permit
me to occupy the floor a little longer I should
like to clinch another misstatement on the part
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [llr.
Twiciiell.] I call attention to a portion ol the
remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
as 1 find them reported in the Globe:
"t think thero has never been a meeting of that
committee since it was organised vrhen I havo not
been present. Now, I had no opportunity of seeing
the report which was made; it has never been pre-
sented to me noi read in my presence."
In making this statement the gentleman did
not violate a rule of this House, because he
states there what he says did not occur in the
committee. Icanonly answerhimby, tosome
extent, violating the rule of the House in stat-
ing what did occur in the committee. I say
that tho report as presented to the House, with
a few exceptions, was taken up paragraph by
paragraph in the committee. It was closely
scrutinized, whole paragraphs were taken out
and others substituted for them, sentence after
sentence was amended, word after word
changed, and during tho whole time there was no
member connected with that committee who
took a more determined and prolonged part in
all of the discussions than the gentleman from
Massachusetts himself, [Mr. Twiciiell.] The
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Ferry] fre-
quently yielded to suggested modifications to
secure a united conclusion of the committee.
And, as I have stated, every part of thereport,
with the single exception of a few paragraphs
to be found on pages 8 and 9 of the published
report,, and also the paragraphs containing fur-
ther the conclusion ofthe committeein referenco
to the limitation which should be placcd upon
the cost of the two buildings in Boston and New
York, was fully considered in open committee.
The changes in the report to which I have
alluded were made afterward, so as to make it
tally with subsequent testimony taken by the
committee. I think I have stated all the facts
necessary to be given in reply to the inquiry of
my colleague.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield to the
gentleman from Oregon.
Mr. TWICHELL. I want to know who gar-
bled those letters.
