3732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
principles upon the new Government, and to
attach it in its infancy to republican principles,
and to us, rather than to the Old World. If a
minister has any other duties to perform than
the furnishing of good dinners, as was sug-
gested the other day by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Potter;] if his services are
of any consequence as a diplomatistin securing
the establishment of the principles of our Gov-
ernment upon foreign soil, then the place where
a new Government is being planted, reared,
nurtured, nursed, is above all others the place
for such a representative as may impress upon
the new Government the principles of our
republican system. If we abandon such a
country to those who are in alliance with the
Governments of the Old World, monarchy or
despotism, or certainly a system unlike our
own, will grow up there. If any commercial
relations now exist or are likely to exist here-
after between us and that country we, by omit-
ting to improve the present opportunity, throw
away all the advantages that may arise from
those commercial relations.
Mr. PROSSER. What assurance has the
gentleman that the State of Paraguay will
receive a minister whom we may send?
Mr. DAWES. Why, Mr. Chairman, I am
not a diplomatist. I have no connection with
the Department of State.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a question of order,
that debate is exhausted on the pending amend-
ment, and two or three speeches have been
made since debate was exhausted.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of, order is
well taken. Two amendments are now pend-
ing, and debate is exhausted on them.
Mr. WILLARD. I withdraw my amend-
ment in order that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Potter} may renew it.
Mr. POTTER. I renew the amendment.
Mr. PETERS. I believe a point of order
was raised on that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment had
not yet been read by the Clerk or presented to
the committee by the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Willard.] Does the gentleman desire
to present it to the committee?
Mr. WILLARD. The amendmentis in pos*
session of the Clerk.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
amendment as offered first by the gentleman
from Vermont and now renewed by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
The Clerk read as follows :
In line twenty-one, after the word " republic,"
insert the words " appointed also to Uruguay and
Paraguay, $15,000."
Mr. PETERS. I make the point of order
that the amendment is in conflict with existing
law. It proposes to annex to the ministry at
the principal place the duties of minister at
two other places. The statute allows the duties
of only one other place to be added.
Mr. KELSEY. The statute allows half a
dozen to be added.
Mr. PETERS. It says, "between the two
placesso that the duties of the minister can-
not be extended to more than two places.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Peters] is correct in his point.
Mr. PETERS. It has always been so con-
strued by those who have examined the subject.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Maine insist on his point of order?
Mr. PETERS. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that
the point of order is well taken.
Mr. POTTER. I offer the amendment in a
modified form, leaving out Uruguay.
Mr. PETERS. I rise to a point of order on
that amendment.
Mr. POTTER. It has been modified so as
to avoid the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the word " republic" insert the words
appointed also to Paraguay, $15,000."
Mr. PETERS. I insist on the point of
order. The amendment proposes independent
legislation.
messagh from tub president.
The committee informally rose; and Mr.
. Scofield having -taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, a message in writing was received j
from the President of the United States, by ,
Mr. Horace Porter, one of his Secretaries.
consular, etc., appropriation bill. j
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. PETERS. I renew my point of order,
that the amendment of the gentleman from
New York is not in order, as it is independent i
legislation.
Mr. Potter's amendment was again read. I
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from j
Maine makes the point of order that this is !
new legislation. The Clerk will read from j
the Statutes-at-Large, volume eleven, page 56,
section nine.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That when to any
diplomatic office held by any person there shall be
superadded another, such person shall be allowed
additional compensation for his services, in such
superadded office, at the rate of fifty per cent, of the
amount allowed by this act for such superadded office,
and such superadded office shall be deemed to con-
tinue during the time to which it is limited by the
terms thereof, and for such time as shall be actually
and necessarily occupied in making the transit be-
tween the two posts of duty at the commencement
and termination of the period of such superadded
office so limited, and no longer."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that under that provision of the law a
minister accredited to one country may have
his mission extended to another country; but,
while it is in order to extend to one, it does
not seem to be in order to extend it to more
than one. Hence the Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. POTTER. I rise to a point of order
on the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts in reference to Uruguay and Para-
guay.
Mr. DAWES. That point of order comes
entirely too late, as my amendment has been
under consideration for more than half an
hour.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order
comes too late. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York is ruled out of order.
The statute provides for the extension of the
duties of a minister accredited to one country
to another, but not to two. The point of
order is therefore well taken to the proposition
of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Wil-
lard ;] but the Chair, under the statute, would
not sustain a point of order that it is out of
order to extend the duties of the minister to
the Argentine Republic and Uruguay to Para-
guay.
Mr. POTTER. If the Chair pleases, I
think he has misunderstood my amendment. I
reintroduced the amendment of the gentleman
from Vermont; but it was so modified as to
refer only to one country, so as to obviate the
objection of the gentleman from Maine and
the ruling of the Chair. My amendment does
not add two countries; but, under the ruling
of the Chair, superadds one only.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the whole section as it will be if amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the word "republic," in line twenty-one,
insert " appointed also to Paraguay," and increase
the appropriation to $15,000; so it will read:
For minister resident at the Argentine Republic,
appointed also to Paraguay, appointed also to Uru-
guay, $15,000.
Mr. POTTER. My amendment is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
propose to strike out Uruguay?
Mr.POTTER. Yes, sir; that is the amend-
ment I make to get rid of the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's amend-
ment involves the striking out of Uruguay, but
it proposes to increase the amount to $15,000.
Under the decision heretofore made it is in
order to increase salaries.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I wish
to make a suggestion. We have already fixed
the salary of the minister resident ot'the Argen-
tine Republic. Now, in this proposition it
is proposed to raise the salary from $7,500 to
$15,000. I do not think it is in order to change
what the committee has already fixed.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to reduce it from
$15,000 to $11,250.
Mr. POTTER. I am willing to accept that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
rule on the subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
'"No appropriation shall be reported in fuclj gen-
eral appropriation bills, or be iu order as an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law, unless in continuation of appro-
priations for such public works and objects as are
already in progress, and for the contingencies lor car-
rying on the seveni 1 Departments of the Govern-
ment.'—Rule 120. [It has been decided that under
this rule it is not in order to propose an amendment
to a general appropriation bill which changes an
existing law.—Journal, 1, 38, pp 59S, 599 ] But it was
also decided thit the latter branch of the rule not
only permitted amendments increasing salaries, but
was framed for that very purpose."
The CHAIRMAN. As amended, the Chair
has no hesitation in ruling that the amendment
is germane.
Mr. MAYNARD. The committee has al-
ready, by an amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.}
struck out " $11,250 " and inserted " $7,500."
The Committee of the Whole have done that,
and now it is proposed to strike out what the
Committee of the Whole have put in. I raise
the point of order that that cannot be done.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order ia
well taken, and the Chair sustains it.
The question was put on Mr. Dawes's
amendment; and it was agreed to, on a divis-
ion—ayes seventy-five, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows :
For salary of commissioner and consal general at
Hayti, $7,500.
Mr. KELSEY. This paragraph, as printed,
requires an amendment to be made. The word
"commissioner" should be struck out and
the words "minister resident" inserted. I
move that amendment, so as to make the par-
agraph read, "for salary of minister resident
and consul general at Hayti, $7,600."
Mr. COX. Do I understand the gentleman
to say that there is no longer a commissioner
in Hayti ?
Mr. KELSEY. Our representative in Hayti
is not a commissioner, but a minister resident.
The change was made some years ago, but
by mistake in the last appropriation bill he
was called commissioner instead of minister
resident. The duties of the two offices are
somewhat different, and it is at the suggestion
of the State Department that this amendment
is made.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will ask him how many consnls or commer-
cial agents have we ift Hayti at this time ?
Mr. KELSEY. I cannot answer the gentle-
man at this moment what is the number. There
is but one consul general. By referring to the
report of the State Department he will get an
answer to his question. I presume he has that
report before him.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to the amend-
ment, but I should have liked an answer to my
question.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Are the offices
of minister resident and consul general two
offices or one ?
Mr. KELSEY. The same person discharges
the duties of both offices. rl he minister res-
ident is also consul general in Hayti.
Mr. COX. I understand, then, that the
commissioner is abolished, and that the consul
general remains, and that he is the same officer
as the minister resident.
Mr. KELSEY. The offices of consul gen-
eral and minister are different. The one is a
diplomatic and the other a commercial office.
Bat they are both combined in the same per-
son st wis place.
