1844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
same be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to; and it was ordered
accordingly.
ORDER OV BCSINIBB.
Mr. LOGAN. I call for the regular order.
Let the morning hour begin, and then I will not
object to the introduction and reference of bills,
fcc., if it ia to come out of the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The regular order naving
been called for, the morning hour will now com-
mence. The House resumes the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 19) to authorize the build-
ingof amilitaryand postal railway from Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, to the city of New
York, upon which the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Swann] is entitled to the floor for
thirty-five minutes remaining of his hour.
Mr. JULIAN. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few moments?
The SPEAKER. As the morning hour has
now commenced, if the gentleman from Mary-
land yields for other business it must be taken
from his time.
Mr. SWANN. I will yield if the snbject
leads to no debate.
NEW ORLEANS, OPJSLOUSAS, ETC., RAILROAD.
Mr. JULIAN. I hold in my hand a bill
which, if passed, will open to settlement a
half million acres of land in Louisiana. I
think no objection can be made to it, and it
will take but a few moments for the House to
pass it.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which the Chair will ask for objections.
The title of the bill was a bill to declare for-
feited to the United States certain lands granted
to the State of Louisiana to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad therein.
The bill, which was read, provides that all
the lands which were granted by 'Congress in
the year 1856 to the State of Louisiana, to aid
in the construction of the New Orleans, Ope-
lousas, and Great Western railroad, and which
have not been lawfully disposed of by said State
under said grant, which has expired by limita-
tion or by act of Congress since the original
grant, are hereby declared forfeited to the
United States, and shall be henceforward sub-
ject to homestead entry and settlement, under
the act of Congress approved June 21, 1866,
for the disposal of the public lands for home-
stead actual settlement in the States named in
said act, precisely as are other public lands
therein.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I object.
new yoke and brooklyn incomes.
Mr. SCHUMAKER, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following preamble and resolu-
tion ; which were read, considered, andadopted:
Whereas a person of the name of Cole, represent-
ing himself to be a lawyer and in the employment
ot'tbo Government, bu written letters to numerous
parties in the eitie* of New York and Brooklyn, re-
questing them te toll upon him at bis private office
and explain their income returns made and paid by
puch parties in years past, and to correct such former
ineome returns if irregular: Ther«fere,
Retained, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this House whether aay person
or persons, other than regularly appointed internal
revenue officers, have been or are now employed in
the cities of Brooklyn or New York to aid in the
collection of internal revenue; and if so, by what
authority of law, and the names of such persons.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 121) providing for the
payment of the fourth Arkansas mounted
infantry volunteers.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (S.
No. 506) establishing certain post roads; in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
norfolk, louisville, etc., railroad.
Mr. WELLS, by unanimousconsent, reported
back, from the Committee on Railways and
Canals, House bill No. 418, authorizing the
Norfolk, Louisville, and St. Louis Railroad
Company to construct a railroad from Norfolk,
in the State of Virginia, via Louisville, in the
State of Kentucky, to St. Louis, in the State
of Missouri, with amendments, and moved that
the same be printed and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
Mr. KNOTT asked and obtained indefinite
leave of absence-for his_ colleague, Mr. Win-
chester, on account of illness.
enrolled joint resolution'.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution of
the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No.^ 182) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for contingent expenses of the
House of Representatives of the United States
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870.
washington and new york railroad.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 19) to
authorize the building of a military and postal
railway from Washington, District of Colum-
bia, to the city of New York, upon which the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swann] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. KNOTT. I ask leave for my colleague
[Mr. Winchester] to have printed in the
Globe some remarks he has prepared upon the
pending bill. He is now confined to his room
by sickness.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted, [See Appendix.]
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, when the morn-
ing hour expired yesterday I had been endeav-
oring to show how completely and thoroughly
the necessities of the seat of the national Gov-
ernment had been met by the system of internal
improvements which had been inaugurated by
the State of Maryland. I desired to express
my views at large npon that particular point;
but I find that in the short time to which I am
limited I shall not be able to discuss this ques-
tion to the extent I wish. With the indulgence
of the House, however, I will refer to some of
the features connected with this subject:
1. The Baltimore and Ohio railroad, con-
necting with the Central Ohio road at Benwood
and the Marietta road at Parkersburg, and
thence with the city of Cincinnati.
2. ThePittsburgandConnellavilleroad,now
in progress of construction under the auspices
of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company,
connecting with the great system of roads run-
ning west from that point.
3. The Washington Branch road, connecting
the two cities of Baltimore and Washington.
4. The Metropolitan road, affording a direct
communication between Washington and the
West by avoiding the divergence occasioned
by the present connection at the Relay House.
5. The Baltimore and Susquehanna road,
connecting with Pittsburg and the Ohio river,
by its intersection with the Pennsylvania Cen-
tral road, and the extension of that road to
Shjnbury and Erie.
6. The Baltimore, Wilmington, and Phila-
delphia road, completing the chain of com-
munication with Philadelphia, New York, and
Boston.
In addition I might refer to the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal, which represents at this time
a capital of $15,000,000, whose terminus is
in the District of Columbia.
I refer to this to show what the State of
Maryland has done in the past, and how seri-
ously she, with other States, will be affected by
the extraordinary provisions of this bill, with
the power and influence of this Government
thrown in favor of rival enterprises, the effect
of which must be to paralyze and render unpro-
ductive the large capital which she has invested
in these works. Nor is her situation different
from that of Pennsylvania and New York and
Ohio, and other States whose system of inter-
nal improvements has grown up under what
was believed to be the established policy of
this Government, confirmed by the uniform
usage of more than half a century. But let
me pass now to the constitutional power of
Congress over this subject.
The right to grant charters for works of
internal improvement was always treated as a
function of the States. It was never delegated
to Congress, nor has it ever been exercised by
Congress. It is certain, Mr. Speaker, that the
public interest could not have been better sub-
served in our past legislation by the substitution
of any other line of policy than that which was
adopted; and this idea appears to have influ-
enced the framers of the Constitution in dis-
posing of the proposition submitted by Dr.
Franklin in the Convention, to add to the
powers of Congress a power "to provide for
cutting canals where deemed necessaryfur-
ther enlarged by Mr. Madison " to grant char-
ters of incorporation where the interest of the
United States might require, and the legisla-
tive provisions of individual States may be
incompetent." The resolution, as amended,
was negatived by the Convention, with only
three States, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Geor-
gia, voting in the affirmative. At that time
railroads had not been introduced into the
country, and the refusal of the Convention to
confer this power " to cut canals" was tanta-
mount to a reference of the whole power over
internal improvements to the States, to be reg-
ulated by them.
It can be readily perceived that had any such
power been conferred on Congress the diffi-
culty of adopting any general line of policy
which would have satisfied the local interests
of tho different States would have been insu-
perable, and the public convenience might have
beeen seriously compromised in the delay which
would have ensued. All sections of the Union
would have clamored for national aid in pro-
jecting suitable lines of intercommunication.
While these demands could not have been met
without entailing a burden too heavy to be
borne without the aid of individual capital,
many valuable interests might have been left
to languish in the expectation of appropria-
tions by Congress. This policy of non-interfer-
ence has led to different and more satisfactory
results, and proves the wisdom of the Conven-
tion in leaving the control with the States.
Railroads have been projected wherever the
wants of the people have suggested their util-
ity, developing their agricultural, manufactur-
ing, and mineral resources, and opening ave-
nues to the great centers of trade, both at home
and abroad.
Congress did, it is true, by the act of April
30, 1802, propose to grant a certain per cent,
of the proceeds of the sale of public lands
in Ohio to the making of roads; but it was
expressly stipulated that such roads should be
laid out by Congress, " with the consent of the
several States through which the road shall
pass." In the case of the Cumberland road
this assent was given by Maryland, Pennsyl-
vania, and Virginia. But it will be seen by
reference to the veto message of Mr. Madison
upon the bank bonus bill, March 3, 1817, that
the assent of the States did not, in his opinion,
obviate the difficulty. I quote from the mes-
sage:
" If a general power to construct roads and canals
and to improve the navigation of water-courses,
with the train of powers incident thereto, be not
possessed by Congress, the assent of the States in
the mode provided by the bill cannot oonfer the
power. The only cases in which the consent ana
action of particular State3 can extend the power ot
Congress are those specified and provided tor in the
Constitution."
There was no plausible pretext under which
any such power could be exercised by Con-
gress. Mr. Madison says in the same message:
"' The power to regulate commerce among the sev-
eral States' cannot include a power to construct
