532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
of duty only less flagrant than the original en-
actment of a law providing for unjust, unequal,
and partial representation. I say unhesitat-
ingly that we have no more important or im-
perative duty to perform than that of making
suitable provision for carrying into effect the
provision of the Constitution to which I have
referred.
I propose in discussing the merits of this
bill to show not only that the present appor-
tionment is wrong and unjust, and one that
ought not to continue through another Con-
gress, but also that it is both practicable and
constitutional to remedy the evil and provide
for a just apportionment in the next Congress.
I shall not dwell at length upon the injustice
of the present apportionment. It is quite
untiessary that I should do so since its injustice
is tacitly admitted by the gentlemen who are
opposing this bill. No argument is needed to
show the justice of this measure. The facts
about which there can be no mistake amount
to a demonstration of its justice. They need
only to be stated to convince any fair-minded
man that there exists a great evil, a flagrant
wrong which ought to be righted, and that
speedily. Many of these facts have already
been presented to the House, and I will only
state some of the more striking and important
in as brief a form as possible, and will there-
after proceed to the question of the practica-
bility of the measure now proposed for reme-
dying the evil.
In the West we have seven congressional
districts, in each of which there were cast at
the last congressional election over forty thou-
sand votes, to wit:
Voted.
In the first district, Illinois  46,647
In the eighth district, Illinois 41,502
In the first district, Michigan  42,792
In the second district, Michigan  42,592
In the fourth district, Iowa.  40,588
In the first district, California 43,713
In the State of Kansas  42,993
Total .300,827
Average to each district  42,975
Compare these seven districts with seven of
the most populous districts in New England,
as follows:
Votes.
The first district of Maine 3] ,297
The third district of Maine  29,008
The second district of Connecticut    27,490
The fifth district of Maine  26.0J0
The fourth district of Connecticut  24,990
The second district of Maine  23,934
Tho first district of Connecticut    22,504
Total .185,2«
Average to each district  26,460
Making a difference in favor of the seven
western districts of 115,563 votes ; and estimat-
ing six inhabitants for each voter, the excess of
population in the western over the eastern dis-
tricts named is 693,878.
It may be said that these particular western
districts are placcs in which there has been an
unusual and extraordinary growth, and that
therefore the comparison made is not a fair
one. An investigation, however, will show
that the western districts named are not in
point of population more largely above the
average of western districts than are the east-
ern districts named above the average of dis-
tricts in that section, so that the comparison is
perfectly fair. But, sir, I will not leave any-
thing in doubt so far as the injustice of the
present apportionment is concerned. I pro-
pose to show that the whole West and North-
west is deprived of a large proportion of the
representation to which it is of right entitled,
and for this purpose I beg the attention of the
House to a comparison between the represent-
ation of some of the old with some of the new
States. To be perfectly fair I will take eight
States from each section.
Maine has one member of this House for
26,553 of her voting population; Massachu-
setts has one member of this House for 19,547
of her voting population ; Vermont has one
member of this House for 19,301 of her voting
population ; New Hampshire has one member
of this Honse for 25,692 of her voting popula-
tion ; Connecticut has one member of this
House for 24,831 of her voting population ;
Rhode Island has one member of this House
for 9,770 of her voting population'; Maryland
has one member of this House for 18,559 of
her voting population; Delaware has one mem-
ber of this House for 18,597 of her voting pop"
ulation. _ •
Compare these with the following western
States: Iowa has one member for 32,406 votes;
Minnesota has one member for 35,807 votes;
Illinois has one member for 32,102 votes;
Wisconsin has one member for 32,251 votes;
California has one member for 86,223 votes;
Kansas has one member for 42,993 votes;
Indiana has one member for 31,230 votes;
Michigan has one member for 37,672 votes.
It will be seen that under the present law it
requires to send a Representative to this House
from Iowa about thirteen thousand more votes
and more than seventy thousand more inhabit-
ants than is required to send a Representative
from Massachusetts. One hundred thousand
people in Maryland have double the representa-
tion, according to her voting population, that
Michigan has. One voter in Rhode Island is
equal to nearly five voters in Kansas, in repre-
sentation upon this floor. The State of Maine
has the smallest representation, in proportion
to her numbers, of any of the New England
States, and yet in the number of voters in each
of her districts she falls behind Michigan more
than eleven thousand, and in her five districts
of course she falls behind five average districts
in Michigan more, than liftv-five thousand votes
and more than three hundred thousand inhab-
itants.
The people of Vermont have nearly double
the representation, "according to numbers,"
that the people of California have. It is per-
fectly fair to say that in the eight western States
which I have named the people are deprived,
by the present apportionment, of more than
one third of the representation to which they
are entitled by every principle of justice and
by the very letter of the Constitution itself.
The district which I have the honor to repre-
sent upon this floor, although it is the fifth in
point of population in the State' of Iowa, has
a voting population nearly eleven thousand
greater than the State of Rhode Island, which
has two Representatives upon this floor, and
of course two at the other end of the Capitol.
In the fourth district of Iowa there were cast
at the last congressional election 40,588 votes,
which is more than double the number cast in
four out of the five districts in Maryland and in
seven out of the ten districts in Massachusetts.
It is also some eighteen thousand more votes
than were cast in the State of Oregon, and more
than double the number cast in either of the
States of Nevada, Rhode Island, or Delaware.
The eight eastern States which I have named
have 33 votes in this House for a voi'ing popu-
lution of 691,974, or one member on an average
for 20,969 votes. The eight western States
named have 49 members for a voting popula-
tion of 1,639,276, or one member for an aver-
age of 33,280 votes. Thus it is seen that to
send 33 members to this House from the West
it requires 406,263 more votes, and more than
two million more inhabitants than is required
to send the same number of Representatives
from the eastern States named. If these eight
western States were represented as fully as the
eight eastern States are represented they would
have seventy-eight members here instead of
forty-nine.
There is another fact which cannot be over-
looked in the consideration of this question.
The present apportionment was made before
the abolition of slavery and before the adop-
tion of the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution, and consequently is based upon the
old rule of slave representation. Two fifths,
therefore, of all the freed people are not
counted at all, although the Constitution as
now amended requires that they should be,
unless they are denied the right to vote for
cause other than participation in rebellion.
Here are, therefore, ifcore than a million and
a half of people who under the Constitution
are entitled to representation, and who by the
present apportionment are excluded. I submit
that we have no right to postpone at our pleas-
ure to a more convenient season the legislation
by which this provision of the Constitution is
to be enforced. It has already been too long
delayed. The fourteenth amendment, so far
as representation is concerned, is a dead letter
under the present apportionment. I hold that
the moment that amendment became a part of
the Constitution, that moment it became the
duty of Congress to provide the necessary law
for its enforcement. If we may delay three years
we may delay longer. An apportionment based
upon slave representation ought to have been
abolished with slavery itself, and 'I shall be
disappointed if this Congress shall insist upon
its continuance for another three years. I
know it has been said here that these freed
people, as well as the whole population in the
West, are represented, and in one sense that
is true, but in another sense it is not true. A
State which is entitled to twelve Representatives
and has but six is virtually but half represented;
is practically denied one half its representation.
These facts, and many others which the
statistics of the country abundantly verify,
show most conclusively that the present appor-
tionment is so grossly unjust^ so exceedingly
unfair, so astonishingly inequitable as to give
just cause of complaint on the part of the
people of the West and South. And now the
question is, ought this injustice to continue
three years longer, and if not, is it in our power
to put an end to it? If I had not heard a num-
ber of distinguished gentlemen in this House
argue with great earnestness against interfering
with the present apportionment, and even be-
seeching us not to touch it at this time, I
should have declared without hesitation that
whatever is wrong and unjust should be abol-
ished, and that which is right and just be made
to take its place at the earliest moment pos-
sible. It would seem to me that it is not the
part of a wise statesman or of a just man to
continue an evil, to perpetuate wrong, to post-
pone an act of justice a single day longer than
necessary. Let justice be done, and that as
soon as by the utmost diligence on our part it
can be done. Let it never be said that this Con-
gress would not let the people be fairly repre-
sented in the next.
Allow me to say before proceeding further
that I do not wish to excite any local jealousies
or sectional strife. I am by no means finding
fault with New England. It is not the fault of
New England that the present apportionment
is unjust and unfair; it is in great measure
because she has sent so many of her noble sons
to become citizens of the rmghty West, to join
us in cultivating our soil, in building up our
commerce, in constructing our railroads, in
teaching our schools and academies, and in
founding aud rearing our colleges and univer-
sities. What I ask is that New England will be
as just to her children in the West as she is to
those who remain in the old States; and gen-
tlemen on this floor who can do less than this
are not true representatives of the genuine New
England spirit, for that is the spirit of equal
and exact justice to all men. Par be it from
me to do an act or say a word out of any feel-
ing of ill-will or jealousy toward New England.
I have and can have no such feeling. I advo-
cate this measurenot because the Westwill gain
and the East lose power in this House by its
adoption, but because by it the whole people
of the entire country will receive what is their
due; nothing more and nothing less.
Whatever 1 may be reasonably expected to
do in consideration of good will toward New
England I will do most gladly. When, how-
ever, we of the West are asked; out of our
