2788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not yield to the
gentleman. He lias had his say. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Mr. Speaker, I do
not purpose to enter into this controversy at
all in reference to the manner in which this
report has been made, or the sufficiency and
propriety of the report. I wish only to explain
my connection with it, in view of the statement
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Twichell] that I had signed it after I had
ceased to be a member of the committee. It
is true I had become a member of another
committee after I signed that report; but the
investigation had been made, and when I
signed the report I perfectly understood what
it was. I read the report and all the testimony
referred to in the report, and I considered it
my duty, having been a member of the com-
mittee at the time the testimony was taken, and
being familiar with it—I say I considered it
my duty as a formal matter to append my
name to the report. I did not think even there
was any controversy about it. My signing the
report did not depend on that fact. I signed
it because I concurred in all the statements
of the report.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield to the
gentleman from Nevada, [Mr. Fitch.]
Mr. TWICHELL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Oregon a single question.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. 1 cannot yield to
the gentleman for that purpose, because I do
not now occupy the floor.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Speaker, as I am the only
member of the committee besides the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Twichell] con-
curring in the views of the minority, which the
House is now asked to order to be printed, I
desire to say a word. I wish to say simply that
this whole controversy seems to me to be the
mostuseless, most unnecessary proceeding ever
brought before the House of Representatives.
The majority and minority of the committee
substantially agree in the recommendations
which they make to the House, both concurring
in recommending that the cost of the Boston
post office shall not exceed, the one say,
$1,000,000, the other, $1,500,000. A majority
of the committee recommend that the cost of
the New York post office shall not exceed
$2,500,000, and the minority recommend that
it should not exceed $3,000,000. Both concur
in recommending that the present lawbe abro-
gated, and that the Secretary of the Treasury
be authorized by law to let contracts for the
construction of these buildings at a price not
greater than shall be limited by law. And both
concur that it would be to the interest of the
Government to abrogate this system of allow-
ing fifteen per cent, to contractors for super-
vising the dressing of stone. Concurring as
both the minority and majority of the commit-
tee do substantially in the recommendations
they make to the House, the whole controversy
rests upon the question as to whether a greater
or less amount of censure ought to be visited
on the supervising architect of the Treasury.
And that I think is not a matter which should
occupy the attention of the House. If I have
the right in my own time I now call the previous
question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman did not call the previous question until
after the hammer fell, and I then had the
lloor. •
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Nevada [Mr. Fitch] demanded the
previous question on the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the House ordered to be
printed the report of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stood that I was recognized before the pre-
vious question was called.
The SPEAKER pro temporev The Chair
understood the gentleman from Nevada to call
the previous question as the hammer fell.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yielded to the gen-
tleman from Nevada with the distinct under-
standing that he would call the previous ques-
tion.'
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Nevada will please state whether he
called the previous question before the ham-
mer fell.
Mr. FITCH. I called the previous question
as the hammer fell. I do not know that I
called it before the hammer fell.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I should have called
it myself, but as the gentleman from Nevada
desired to say a few words I yielded to him
that he should call it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will be for
the House to decide whether the previous ques-
tion shall be seconded or not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I may be
allowed to remark that I simply rose for the
purpose of moving that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table, thinking that the
whole matter had gone far enough.
Mr. TWICHELL. I desire to ask a ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER protempore. Debateisnot
in order pending the demand for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which was on the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. TWICHELL. I desire to know whether
it cannot be agreed that the minority report
shall be included in the order to print?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understands that the objection to the printing
of the minority report has been withdrawn, and
that it will be printed, unless the House recon-
siders the motion.
Mr. TWICHELL. I desire the minority
report to' be included along with the testimony
which they have taken.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Such the
Chair believe3 to be the understanding.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to lay on the table the motion to reconsider, so
as to get rid of the wholo thing.
Mr. ALLISON. What will be the effect of
that motion if agreed to ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will then
be the order of the House that the report of
the committee be printed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Includ-
ing, as 1 understand, the report of the minority.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Certainly.
If the motion to reconsider be laid on the table,
the report of the committee and the views of
the minority will be printed by order of the
House.
Mr. TWICHELL. Together with the addi-
tional testimony, the excluding of which has
caused all this delay.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
not informed as to the extent of the original
vote. But if not objected to the Chair will
put that construction upon the effect of the
motion, and the House will vote with that
understanding of its effect. If the motion pre-
vail, the order of the House will be that the
report of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, together with the views of
the minority and all of the testimony will be
printed.
The motion of Mr. Butler, of Massachu-
setts, to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table, was agreed to.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gouiiam,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendments of the House to
bills of the Senate of the following titles :
A bill (S. No. 226) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Homeopathic Medical Society ;
A bill (S. No. 589) for incorporating a hos-
pital for foundlings in the city of Washing-
ton ; and
A bill (S. No. 414) declaring the construc-
tion of an act to incorporate the National
Theological Institute, approved May 10,1800;
also an act to incorporate the National Theo-
logical Institute, and to define and extend the
powers of the same, approved March 2, 1867.
order OS business.
Mr. STEYENSON. I rise to a question of
privilege, and call up the report in the cpn-
tested-election case of Sypher vs. St. Martin,
from the first congressional district of Louisi-
ana.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that there shall be
an understanding that after the question
brought up by my colleague from Ohio [Mr.
Stevenson] shall be disposed of we shall have
no morning hour, but shall proceed to the con-
sideration of the special order—the tariff bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. So far as I am con-
cerned, I am willing to consent to that arrange-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevensqk] yield
to me for a moment?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] asks that after
one hour shall have been occupied by the
election case the morning hour shall be dis-
pensed with.
Mr. KERR. I hope that will not be the
arrangement We desire more time than half
an hour on this side of the House to present
tflsis case.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand that it is
contemplated by my colleague [Mr.' Steven-
son] to call the previous question and divide
the hour, and, except the voting, the case will
be concluded in one hour. My proposition is
that at the close of that we shall dispense with
the morning hour.
Mr. KERR. I appeal to the House not to
limit the debate on the contested-election case
to one hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] asks that at
the close of the contested-election case the
House shall proceed to resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
c#i the tariff bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the con-
tested-election case closes to-day. If it should
run over until to-morrow I would not like to
have that understanding.
Mr. STEVENSON. There is no danger of
that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think we had better
have a morning hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objection
is made to the arrangement suggested.
INTERNAL taxation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to enter a motion to reconsider the vote by
which the resolutions in regard to internal tax-
ation which 1 introduced this morning were
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
will be entered.
evening session.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that the House shall meet this evening at half
past seven o'clock in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union for the considera-
tion of the tariff bill.
There was no objection ; and it was so
ordered.
louisiana election case.
Mr. STEVENSON. I now call up the report
of the Committee of Elections in the election
case from the first district of Louisiana, and I
ask that the resolution reported by the com-
mittee be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Iiewlved, That J. H. Sypher is entitled to a seat
as a Representative in the Forty-PirstCongress from
the first district of Louisiana.
Mr. STEVENSON. I propose now to call
the previous question, with the understanding
that if the House shall sustain it I will make
an equal division of the time with the gentle-
man representing the minority of the commit-
tee. There has been no minority report.
