1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4877
coming year, including the permanent appro-
priations, amount to §298,315,842 00. The
appropriations recommended for the coming
year, including the permanent appropriations
for the year, amount to $284,972,617 45 ; mak-
ing the same reduction from the estimates, as
] have already shown, of $13,343,225 17.
Adopting the same method, if we take the
appropriations for the present year, including
the permanent appropriations with those for
current expenditures, and the diiference be-
tween them, the appropriations for the pres-
ent year amount, to §297,178,923 19, while the
appropriations recommended by the committee
for the coming year with the permanent appro-
priations added, amount to $284,972,617 45.
The amount, therefore, of the reduction of
appropriations for the coming year from those
for the year ending June 30, 1870, is §12,201,-
805 71.
Mr. Chairman, I have thought it worth while
to be tedious over these figures, in order that
I might urge again upon the House to stand by
therecommendationsof theircomraittee. And
it would be improper for me to omit to say that
much of this reduction, and whatever credit is
due to anybody for it, is due to nay associates
upon the committee, of both political parties.
I take pleasure in saying to the H-ouse that in
all ruy association with men upoa committees
in the House, 1 have met no man who have
addressed themselves more faithfully to the"
arduous duties imposed upon them than my
associates upon that committee, without dis-
tinction of party, have done, without the slight-
est discordance having arisen among us from
beginning to end. But that we may carry this
through, it is necessary for the House to keep
in mind constantly the fact that the margin
between the appropriations of last year and
those thus recommended by the committee is
only $6,987,9-14 74. And without a constant
eye upon that sum in connection with tho
amendments under which each of these bills
comes staggering back to the House after a
long and weary journey it will be for us to make
up our minds to render an account to our con-
stituents after all that we are unable to carry
on the Government as cheaply as those who
have preceded us.
Unless, Mr. Chairman, we adhere to the
bills as they come from the Committee on
Appropriations, without material augmenta-
tion, we shall have nothing to say but that with
the most rigid effort upon our part we are still
unable to reduce the sum total below that of
last year. I know it is unwelcome, and 1 know
it is tedious for me to be continually dinning
into the ears of members this story. But 1
have only to call to mind yesterday's proceed-
ings to ask gentlemen to consider whether it
be not necessary to be constantly on the watch.
Yesteiday we very properly spent two hours in
discussing a bill which contained appropria-
tions to the amount of but §1,200,000, and yet
we passed another bill containing $30,000,000
in just thirty minutes, without one word of dis-
cussion by anybody upon the propriety or
necessity or the extravagance or economy of
its provisions 5 so that, unless our attention is
constantly drawn to this subjcct, I apprehend
that largo additions to this sum total will alter
all in the end be fastened upon them, and we
shall be unable to say to the country, as we
fondly hoped in the beginning of this session
we should bo able to do, that we^ could cut
down the expenditures as a justification ior
that other necessary work of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] and his associates
on tho Committee of \\ ays and Means, the cut-
ting down of the taxes and ot the burdens 01
the nation. ^ „
1 speak of this in no spirit of complaint ot
the House, for in my experience hero 110 com-
mittee has been more faithfully sustained than
the committee which 1 represeut upon this
occasion ; and it is 110 spirit of complaining 01
the House, but from an apprehension that m
the hurrying moments of the few days that are
left to us here there may be piled upon these
bills such aggregate amounts as will wipe out
entirely this showing which it has been my
pleasure, as the organ of the committee, to
present to the House upon this occasion.
If, however, Mr. Chairman, we shall be able
to meet what we shall upon fair examination
here in this House deem to be inconsiderate
or uncalled for and unnecessary amendments
piled upon these bills, from whatever quarter
they may come ; if we shall cut them off and
hold those who are to carry on this Govern-
ment to this measure of expenditure and noth-
ing further, then sir, wo ean render an account
of our stewardship in this particular without
fear of criticism.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill
by clauses for amendment.
The following clause was read :
Life-saving stations:
For salaries of two superintendents of tho life-
saving stations on the coast of Long Island and New
Jersey, at $1,500 each, $3,000.
Mr. REEVES. I move to amend that clause
by striking out in line thirty-three the word
"two" and inserting "four," and in line
thirty-five by striking out " one thousand," and
also by striking out "three" and inserting
"two," and also by adding to the clause the
following:
Provided, That each of said superintendents shall,
in addition to his other duties, act as inspector of
customs in and for the district for which he shall
have been appointed, subject to such directions as
the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe.
So that the clause will read :
Life-saving stations:
For salaries of four superintendents of life-savin?
stations on the coast of Long Island and New Jersey,
at 9500 S2.000: Provided, That each of saul sup-
erintendents shall,in addition to his other duties,
actas inspectorof custouism and for the district for
which he shall havo boon appointed, subject to such
directions as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe.
Mr. KELSEY. I raise the point of order
that that portion of the amendment which
creates new offices not provided for by exist-
ing law is not in order 011 this appropriation
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order in reference to the portion of
the amendment referred to by tho gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Kelsey.]
Mr. KLEVES. I will withdraw that portion
of my amendment. And as the two next suc-
ceeding paragraphs relate to the same general
subject, I will indicate some amendments to
those paragraphs, so that I may be able to con-
sider the whole subject together.
At line thirty-seven strike out the words
"two hundred""and insert in lieu thereof the
word "fifty," and at line thirty-eight strike out
tho words "'ten thousand eight hundred," and
insert ill lieu thereof the words "two thousand
seven hundred;" so that it will read :
For fifty-four keepers of stations, at fifty dollars
each, $2,7U0.
At line forty strike out the word " ten" and j
insert the word "twenty;" so that it will read:
For contingent expensos of lifo-?:w*ins stations on
tho coast of tho United States, $20,000.
At the end of line forty add the following
proviso:
Provided. That the Secretary of the Treasury shall
unonsworn proof ot the facts in each particular ease
authorize the superintendents to pay out ot the con-
tingent iuwl herein provide,! ro# e«eh member ottho
crcw at ans*life-saving station within their divisions,
which shall be instrumental m saving life or property
jfiomshipwrecked vessels, orm renuerinsa.-^tanec
to vessels in distress orm euardms or rerno fins duti-
able goods 1 auded 1 rom such vessels, such sum or sums
ot money, not exceeding ten dollars per d.-y, as may
constitute an adequate conipen>:uion for rhe service
rendered.with authority to thosaidseeretary,111 cases
of special merit to mn-easesucacoinpensauoiiathio
disuietioii : A/id p.ooikd fu,th« 'J im the becrc-
tary of the Treasury may cause to be instituted..it
suitable places uii the cuastsof Long Island and he*
Jersey a series of experiments ^
determining the relative merits ot different model,
ot boat<foruse in the sea surf: of mortars lor casting
linesoverstranded vessels; of rockets lor similar 01
other uses, and of other apparatus designed for tha
saving of life and property in sueh cases; and he
shall also cause reports to be made by the collectors
of customs at the various ports in the United States
with reference to tho expediency and practicability
of extending this system of life-saving stations to
other parts of the sea-board and lake coasts, andshaii
transmit with his next annual report an abstract of
the information thus obtained.
Mr. Chairman, my object in offering these
amendments is not so much to urge their
adoption at this time as to indicate to the
House the outlines of what 1 believe would be
a great reform in that branch of the public
service now under consideration. Having
given considerable attention to this subject,
and having sought information upon it from
various sources, I am impressed with the con-
viction that the present system for saving life
011 the coasts of Long Island and New Jersey
is defective in many serious respects, and that
the features marked out in the proposed amend-
ments would, if incorporated into the system,
materially promote its efficiency without add-
ing to its co'st. But inasmuch as no real reform
can be instituted without previous inquiry and
discussion, and since the facts and arguments
bearing upon this matter are not yet fully dis-
closed, I do not expect nor desire to see so
important a change effected immediately. Be-
lieving that it would be beneficial in every
sense to make the change, I yet am willing to
leave the vindication of that belief to the sure
arbitrament of the future, to take " the safe
appeal of truth to time." And I here give
notice that at the next session of this Congress
1 shall endeavor to get the subject considered
and acted upon. Ail I wish now is, without
detaining the committee many minutes, to ex-
plain tho main points of my proposition.
Instead of the present arrangement of one
superintendent to each of the coasts of Long
Island and New Jersey, at salaries of $>1,500,1
propose to divide those coasts each into two
divisions, making four in all, and to assign a
superintendent to each division, at a salary of
$500. This would save §1,000 annually, and
would, at the same time, greatly enhance the
efficiency and value of the service. Plenty of
competent and worthy men, every way fitted
for an intelligent and capable discharge of the
duties devolving on a superintendent, could be
found on each eoast who would esteem them-
selves fortunate to receive $500 yearly for a
faithful performance of all the labors now per-
formed at a cost of $1,500, and who, by being
brought into closer and more constant com-
munication with their subordinates, would in-
spire greater energy, more vigilant watchful-
ness, and more earnest devotion to the grand
purpose of the Government in maintaining this
system, than is now attainable. Other things
being equal, and within reasonable limits, the
smaller the district over which supervision is
extended the more direct becomes the sense
of responsibility, and the more thorough that
supervision. There are now some filty-twe
life-saving stations on the two coasts, about
equally divided, giving, say twenty-six stations
to each superintendent. Divide these into four
districts, with twelve or fifteen stations to each,
and you will secure, iu my judgment, increased
efficicticy, together with reduced expense.
Then I would impose on these superintendents,
selected, as they should be, for their familiarity
with maritime affairs, as well as from their
accessibility to the coast, the further duties
appertaining to inspectors of customs, which
they can discharge as well as not, and thereby
save the further expense of the salaries now
paid to officers of the customs known as coast
inspectors, a number of whom are employed
011 each coast at a total cost of several thousand
dollars. There would thus be effected by the
proposed increase of superintendents at re-
duced salaries and with enlarged functions a
considerable saving ol money without impair-
ing, but. 011 the contrary, greatly improving the
service. . T
With regard to keepers of the stations, i
