1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2789
Mr. KERR. I hope the previous question
will not be seconded. Wo need more time
than half an hour for the presentation of so
important a ease, in which so many facts are
involved.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevensox] insist on his motion?
Mr. STEVENSON. I do.
The question was put upon seconding the
previous question; and there were—ayes 58,
noes GO.
Mr. STEVENSON called for tellers.
Mr. RANDALL. This is a proposition to
put a man into a seat who got 3,000 votes out
of 30,000!
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stevekson
and Mr. Kerb were appointed.
Mr. CULLOM. I think we ought to allow
at least two hours for this case.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 84, noes 55.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was upon ordering the main
question to be now put.
Mr. KERR demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Twenty-six thousand
votes are to be disregarded here and this man
seated under the previous question. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I demand the
yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am quite willing to
allow further time.
Mr. CULLOM. I have already stated that
I think the ITouse ought to allow two hours at
least for the consideration of this case. 1 hope
the gentleman who has charge of the case will
agree to that.
Mr. KERR. I shall be satisfied if I can have
one hour.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will agree to that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevessox] withdraw
the call for the previous question?
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 do.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I withdraw the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, the case
under consideration is that of J. II. Sypher,
claiming a seat as Representative from the first
district of Louisiana. There were originally
two parties claiming the seat. Mr. St. Martin
was a claimant. Under the resolution of the
House of March 22, ISC0, charges filed against
Mr. St. Martin, alleging that he could not take
the oath prescribed, were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and on those charges the
committee made the following report:
"It was alleged in writing before the committee by
sai'l Sypher that said St. Martin could not take the
oath prescribed in the act entitled "An act to pre-
scribe an oath of office, and for other purposes,"
approved July 2,1862. The committee thereupon, in
obedience to said resolution, inquired into said
charge, and have found, and do report to the House,
that Louis St. Martin, claiming the right to repre-
sent the first congressional district of the State of
Louisiana in this House, is unable to take the oath
of office proscribed in the said act of J uly 2, llsuJ.
It further appeared that he was disabled
under the fourteenth amendment. Under the
resolution of the House the committee could
no further consider the claim of Mr. St. Martin,
and therefore they have not considered it ex-
cept as the assertion of that claim necessarily
negatived the claim of Mr. Sypher. _ In that
aspect they.have fully considered his claim,
and have permitted him to appear in person
and by attorney, and to call and examine
witnesses.
This district was clearly and strongly Repub-
lican. The parishes composing it gave in 1807
:i hugs' Republican majority. In the spring of
tS6S the Republican majority in these parishes
was over 2,000, and there is no reason to sup-
pose that with a fair and peaceable election it
would have been less in the presidential elec-
tion. The Republican vote in the rejected par-
ishes, including all of Orleans, in 18G7 was over
14,000. In the spring of 1868 it was 14,227,
showing that in the parishes that were disor-
derly and riotous there had been in two suc-
cessive years a heavy Republican vote, con-
stantly increasing.
The part of the district where violence and
intimidation prevailed, at the election in ques-
tion, was also Republican. In this part, in-
cluding that part of Orleans comprised in this
district, and St. Bernard, St. Helena, and
Washington, the Republican party had a ma-
jority in 1868 of over 1,000, receiving 8,5t35
votes. Over three hundred leading and active
Republicans, white and colored, were killed,
wounded, or otherwise cruelly maltreated by
Ituklux and other instruments of*violence and
intimidation, within sixty days preceding the
•election. Terror and dread took possession of
the unprotected people. Thousands of colored
Republicans and some whites voted the Demo-
cratic ticket from compulsion and fear, and
the great mass remained away from the polls,
and the 8,565 Republican votes were reduced
to 84, 80 of which were received in Orleans, 2
in St. Bernard, 2 in St. Helena, (out of Amite,)
and in Washington none. The violence and
disorder kept away from the polls the entire
Republican vote in this region except 8-1; kept
all away in one parish, or compelled them to
vote the Democratic ticket.
The district is composed of " all that portion
of the parish of Orleans on the right bank of
the Mississippi river, and so much of said par-
ish on the left bank of said river as is below
and east of Canal street in the city of New
Orleans, comprising the fourth, fifth, sixth,
seventh, eighth, and ninth representative dis-
tricts of the parish of Orleans, and the parishes
of St. Bernard, Plaquemine, St. Tammany,
Washington, St. Helena, andLivingston." The
official report of the result in the peaceable par-
ishes—some precincts being rejected for tech-
nical reasons—gave to Mr. Sypher a majority
of 9-18 votes, and after counting the votes of all
the precincts which will bear counting, where
there was even a semblance of a fair election,
the majority for Mr. Sypher is found to bo 35(5—
counting the votes of all the peaceable parishes
and all the peaceable parts of the disorderly
parishes.
I do not propose to again go over at great
length the facts in connection with the parish
of Orleans. They were fully, considered by
the House in the case of Hunt vs. Sheldon,
and the House then found that the returns from
that parish ought not to be counted. I pro-
pose only to notice some things in connection
with it which apply more particularly to this dis-
trict. And one is what is known as the " Inno-
cents," a club, of from one to two thousand
men, called in Spanish " Innocentia." They
were the very opposite of their name. They
had their headquarters in the first district below
Canal street; that is, in the old foreign part of
the city of New Orleans. The club was com-
posed almost entirely of Spaniards, Italians,
and Sicilians. The term "Sicilian" in the city
of New Orleans is synonymous with desperado
or assassin. The Sicilians were the leaders of
this club; not the officers of it, for they selected
very respectable men for their officers. They
put up good figure-heads, but the active lead-
ers were Sicilians.
Now, let me read from Democratic testimony
to show what is the character of this order.
Mr. G. R. Wright was a Democrat, and we
called him in order to show the character of
the organization of the " Knights of the White
Camelia." He was put on the stand, and tes-
tified as follows in regard to the " Innocents''
Club :
"Question. What class of men belonged to this
Innocents Club?
"Answer. The majority of theinweroSioilians.men
who sell vegetables and fruits in tli© market, and
who sell fish also in the market.
"Question. What is their character for peane and
order? , , .
"Answer. Their reputation is that ii they can put
a knife into you they will do it; but they do not
amount to much. Twenty-five men with pistols will
get ahead of the whole of them.
"Question. Still, if there was a chance to do mis-
chief they would do it?
"Anntoer. They would kill you in tho dark if they
could do it. That is their way."
He was also questioned in regard to the
Knights of the White Camelia, and I may as
well read that portion of the testimony now:
"Question. Did they have their own private arms
"Answer. Yes, sir; in those times every man car-
ried a pistol.
"Question. And supposo one man liad two pistols,
would he wear them both ?
"Anrner. I should not wonder.
"Question. Suppose that one man had two pistols
and anothor ono had nono. would he not divide ?
"Answer. Sofarasabrotherlyfeelingisconoerned,
he ought to. They generally all have pistols."
Mr. NIBLACIv. I wish to make an inquiry
in relation to the order of business. Is it ex-
pected that a vote shall be taken on this ques-
tion this evening ? Is there any arrangement
about it ?
Mr. STEVENSON. There is no arrange-
ment. I suppose we had better arrange to take
the vote to-morrow morning.
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to make one fur-
ther inquiry—whether there has been any order
in reference to a night session?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair.) It has been ordered that the
House shall meet this evening in Committee
of the Whole upon tho tariff bill.
Mr. KERR. I hope the vote upon this ques-
tion will bo taken to-day, not to-morrow. We
can get through the case just as well this even-
ing as not.
Mr. CESSNA. That is better.
Mr. STEVENSON. So that there is an
understanding, 1 do not care.
Now, to show the character of the Inno-
cents Club, and of these Sicilians who led it,
I wish to read from page 109, volume one,
of the testimony, an article taken from tho
New Orleans Times, a good Democratic jour-
nal, the most prominent one in the State:
" [mpunitu of Jiuflianism.—Ts there not power in tho
law and energy in tho police sufficient to arrest and
punish tho murdering practices of theso Sicilian cut-
throats, who go about tho streets shooting peaceful
citizens and chasing women in broad day and in full
view of the headquarters of tho police? Tho fond
among these sanguinary ruffians has been prosecuted
in our midst with entire impunity. Some weeks ago
a respectable and peaceful citizen was killed in front
of his store by a charico shot, one of several which
were fired wildly in ono of our crowded markets.
"A few days afterward there was a bloody fight on
the levee between several of these desperadoes, in
which ono was killed and two wounded; ana yestor-
day a woman iva.-. pursued by another of theso out-
laws with a loaded gun in tho most public thorough-
faro of tho city. And yet wo hear of nothing being
done by our ' energetic and vigilant polico,' except
to arrest generally tho least guilty or responsible
person, and look him up in the watch-houso for a
day or so. Ii ono of tho really guilty is arrested, he
is cither sworn off or bailed out, or thero is a mis-
trial from tho absence of tho witnesses. So groat
has been tho impunity with which theso sanguinary
transaction# have been earned on that yestorday,
while an investigation wan going on before Kecordcr
ilocker, there was quite a crowd of these people who
bore themselves menacingly and defiantly in tho very
X?rcsoncc of tho police.
" Of course, in no civilized community whero tho
magistrates havo tho capacity to understand or tho
firmness to execute tho law, or whore the police are
anything more than the wearers of fino uniforms
and tho efficient workers for their party, could such
things be borne with. It is certainly a very perti-
nent question whether, if tho paid officers of the law
do not protect tho peace of the community the citi-
zens may not and ought not to organize for that pur-
pose."
This article appeared while the committee
was in session m the city of New Orleans.
This club was still deserving, at the hands of
their party friends, of this description. While '
the committee was in New Orleans a man was
murdered and thrown into the river by the
hands of members of this organization. For
that offense the parties were tried, but not con-
victed. Members of that organization cannot
be convicted in New Orleans. By means of
money or by terror they have impunity. Those,
then, were the most prominentand active men,
the leaders of the violent element in the city
of New Orleans.
There was also the order of the Knights ot
tie White Camelia. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Kerr] tookoccasi®n to differ with
the committee as to tho character of this
