1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
is not the least alarming and noticeable feature
of this bill. The States are not only com-
pelled to submit to the occupation of their soil
without their consent, but they are excluded
from all participation in deciding upon matters
closely interwoven with their domestic organi-
zation and management. They are deprived
of their property without the form of a jury
trial, in cases of condemnation, by the substi-
tution of the plan incorporated in the bill;
and they are turned over, in the redress of
their grievances, to the Federal Government,
to be dealt with in the mode prescribed by its
ingeniously planned machinery. What State
in the Union is safe under such a system?
Other charters will follow the one which we
are now considering. It is, in my opinion, the
entering wedge of a general investment of all
the States, and a forcible seizure by Congress
of the whole internal improvement system of
the country. I want no better evidence of the
total abnegation of all constitutional rights in |
the States by those who reported this bill, as ;
an element of our political organization, than i
the absolute power which this bill confers. It
changes the whole principle upon which this
purpose, it was not at first determined at what
point the new line to Washington would diverge.
If located further inland than the Washington
branch of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad it
would encounter high ridges and deep valleys,
which would have made it expensive and unde-
sirable, and if nearer tide-water it would have
been longer and not less costly. The difficulty,
however, in regard to this section of the through
line has been disposed of by the adoption of the
lower or tide-water line between the Northern
Central railroad, near Baltimore and Washing-
ton, chartered under the title of the Baltimore
and Potomac road.
Supposing the above to be the route contem-
plated in this new movement through Columbia
and York, thedistance will be two hundred and
eighty-seven miles. But there is an interme-
diate route between Baltimore and Philadel-
phia, known as the Philadelphia and Baltimore
Central railroad, which, in combination with
the Baltimore and Potomac road, would afford
a shorter line than the one through York, if
extended to New York from Philadelphia upon
a direct course. The Philadelphia and Balti-
™ i • t-t • more Central road is now in operation as a local
Government is based. This Union was the ^ road from Philadelphia to Port Deposit and
work of the people, acting through the States; | Havre de Grace. Its connection is with the
and in tampering with their constitutional ! Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore road,
rights you strike, through them, at the people, - J -   
and restitution is a question of time merely.
What has been called the "air-line road,"
from Washington to New York, was the off- ;
spring of the war, suggested as a means of '
cheap transportation between the national oap-
ital and the chief commercial center of the
Atlantic sea-board. The fact seemed to have
been lost sight of that during the existence of
the war the power of the Government to seize
all roads which it was her interest to control
was absolute under the war power and a3 a
military necessity. The establishment of com-
peting lines under new charters was not the
and is controlled by that road, whose interests
are_ not in harmony with what iff- called the
"air-line" scheme.
This route, if adopted, would encounter also
in its extension the rivalries of both the Phila-
delphia and Baltimore and the Camden and
Amboy railroad companies, the latter of whom
has the right under their charter to command
all the ground practicable for a direct line be-
tween Philadelphia and New York.
In connection with this subject I take the lib-
erty to refer to the results of a report made
at my instance by Benjamin H. Latrobe, esq.,
whose reputation and experience as a civil
P , ,, ~ , T. ;—~icjiuiauuu ami experience as a civil
ode of regulating the toll-sheets of any of ,j engineer is not surpassed by any gentleman
these railroad corporations, when the more whose name has been associated with the engi
summary procesa was at hand to place them
in the hands and under the supervision of
Government agents or employes with instruc-
tions to conform to the wishes of the Govern-
ment in their whole working organization.
Nor did the prospect of this contemplated im-
provement give assurance of any additional
security against invasion from the southern
army at the time. The danger from this cause
would, it is belilved, have been greater by the
adoption of any more interior route or anyother
linethan thatwhichhad been already occupied.
The purposes of those with whom this " air-
line '' project had its origin were not then very
accurately defined, nor are they now. There
were several routes between Washington and
Philadelphia to which they must have turned
their attention, and the prospect was not very
flattering for any of them in competition with
the old lines. Ihe country between Washing-
ton and Philadelphia is by no means favor-
able to any shorter route or better gradients;
in fact it seems to be admitted that to accom-
plish the object at all would involve the incor-
poration in part of roads already built. The
route to which attention was directed as prompt-
ing this scheme comprised the completed sys-
tem of roads between the town of Columbia,
on the Susquehanna; from thence to Washing-
ton, through York, to a point north of Balti-
more, by the Northern Central railway, and
thence by a new line, independent of the Wash-
ington branch of the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road, to Washington. The estimated distance
would have been two hundred and eighty-five 1
miles against two hundred and twenty-six miles i
by the route through Baltimore and Philadel- ,
phia, a difference of fifty-nine miles against the j
new route, and which its less favorable grades 1
and curvatures would have greatly increased, i
.Ihe Northern Central road, between Colum- !
bia and Baltimore, being incorporated with the
fiev route as far as it coujd be used for thgt
neering enterprises of the country:
1. That a literal "air line" between Wash-
ington and New York is impracticable on ac-
count of its lying for much of its length in
wide navigable waters and over entirely unsuit-
able ground ; and under this head it may be
stated that as such a line would cross near its
mouth the Patapsco river, and would inadmis-
sibly interfere with the navigation interests of
the city of Baltimore, that city must unavoid-
ably be made a point in any conceivable
through route between Washington and New
York.
2. That any new route between Washington
and Baltimore, not identical with the existing
finished road, must either encounter the hilly
country to the left of that road going toward
Baltimore, or if, in avoiding those hills and
their intervening valleys, the new route is laid
to the right of the present road, as is the Bal-
timore and Potomac road and its branch to
Washington now under construction, the line
will be elongated, and it will also be more ex-
posed than the present road to danger from
toreign invasion.
3. That the more interior line of the Phila-
delphia and Baltimore Central road,, which
would afford the shortest alternative route to
wiat of the present road between those cities,
is already occupied in part by the company
controlling this road and opposed to the " air-
line " project, and even if an independent line
were built upon this route it would be longer
and much inferior in point of grade and curva-
ture to the existing railway through Havre de
Grace and Wilmington.
4- That although the flat country between
Philadelphia and New York presents no diffi-
culties to the construction of a new road be-
tween those cities, the chartered monopoly of
the Camden and Amboy Railroad Company
i would form an effectual bar, so long as it ex-
: isted, to the opening of an independent line,
as has been practically proved by the futile
attempt of the Raritan and Delaware Bay
Railroad Company, in connection with the
Camden and Amboy Railroad Company, to
establish a line a few years since.
The general conclusion must then be that
i the existing chain of railways between Wash-
ington and New York, by Baltimore and Phil-
! adelphia, having the best natural route and the
nearest possible approach to the true air-line
between those termini, and having at the
same time the legal control over much of the
I ground upon which the next best route would
be carried, a new and independent route, under
! the name of an "air-line" or any other popu-
i lar title, cannot be built, unless it be laid im-
mediately alongside of the present roads with
their consent, or, if such slight deviations were
made as to prevent collision of land rights, the
new road be constructed under new State or con-
gressional legislation of a coercive character.
Mr. Speaker, there is always more or less
clamor against public improvements, no mat-
ter what facilities they afford or how well they
may be governed. We frequently hear the
remark that the seat of Government is limited
to but one road in her intercourse with the
North, and that the accommodation is not such
as we have a right to expect. Without stop-
ping to speak of auxiliary roads now in prog-
ress of construction under State charters, I
will ask at what time the Washington branch
of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, and the
combination of whioh it is a part, has failed to
meet the public convenience in the transport-
ation of freight or passengers? It has never
been taxed to its full capacity in times of the
severest pressure. Suppose you charter the
so-called "air-line" road contemplated by this
bill, how many roads do you think will continue
to operate successfully after the competition
with the Government has been fully tested?
It matters not whether you have one road or
a hundred roads if the wants of the commu-
nity are met, and this I assert to be the case
at the present moment, and for years past.
The combination of roads now forming the
connection between the Federal capital and
New York is not surpassed by any through line
in this or any other country. Millions have
been expended to meet the most exacting
demands of the public, and the character of
its equipment, the efficiency of its officers, and
the completeness of its working arrangements
may be said to have reached the most advanced
stage of railroad improvement.
In this connection I would ask the attention
of the House to a statement which has been
placed in my hands, showing the immense out-
lay which has been required to perfect thisline;
and I will state further that these expenditures
are still going on:
Memoranda.
"Cost in round figures of some improvements
already made in the past six years:
Second track now complete for entire two hundred
and twenty-eight miles, excepting eight or ten miles'
through towns and bridges .$5,200,000
Straightening and shortening of track near
Baltimore      125,000
Bridge over Susquehanna  2,180,000
Connecting railway around Philadelphia.... 2,400,000
Junction railroad  985,000
Im provements now going on, and only par-
tially executed.newproperty on both sides
Hudson river. New York and Jersey City,
for new terminus of the line  1,600,000
New bridge over the Passaic, and straight-
ening of the line at Newark..,  110,000
Rebuilding and extension of great Delaware
bridge at Trenton  150,000
widening of bridges between Havre de
Grace and Baltimore....  100,000
New track through South Baltimore to avoid
use of horses in thestreets     150,000
New equipment of carsof all kindsfor pas-
sengers between Washington and Phila-
delphia and New York  380,000
$13,360,000
" Besides these many similar expenditures are
being made looking to the further improvement of the
lino, and its ability to increase the public accommo-
dation and comfort.'.' • - .
