4678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
would apply the rule of a diminution of their
salaries to the nominal sum of fifty dollars,
instead of $200 a year, because their duties
are nominal rather than real; and when real
services are rendered I would reward them in
the manner provided by the amendment inline
forty. At present this sum of $200 yearly paid
to keepers of these stations is in most eases a
mere gratuity for which no actual or consid-
erable service is performed. All they do from
one year's end to another is to keep the key
of the nouses, occasionally enter them to see
if the public property is undisturbed, and with
periodical punctuality draw their quarterly pay.
At many of the stations the boats and other
life-saving apparatus are not taken from the
houses for months; or it may be years at a
time, and at every one of the stations the mere
supervision and care of the property intrusted
to the keeper would be abundantly compen-
sated by the payment of fifty dollars a year.
One unfortunate result of the present dispro-
portionate pay for such merely nominal ser-
vice is to establish fifty-four sinecure offices
to be scrambled for by political place-hunters ;
and such has been the practical effect.
For years these places have been sought for
and have been given out, not on the ground
of petsonal fitness or actual qualification of
the applicant, but as rewards for partisan ser-
vices, past or prospective. Year after year
the sum of $10,800 has been expended as pay
for keepers of these stations without their ren-
dering any real service in return therefor, and
when in many cases they were unable to ren-
der any service whatever, no matter how dire
might have been the emergency, for the simple
reason that they knew not how to handle aboat
or to use the other apparatus of the station.
Farmers, meohanics, and artisans have often
been appointed from political considerations
alone to positions for which boatmen, men
accustomed to the surf and familiar with the
management of boats, should have been se-
lected. I am not charging this evil to the
exclusive agency of Republican Administra-
tions ; it was an inevitable result of the system
itself, and had already grown into an abuse
during the eight years of the administrations
of Presidents Pierce and Buchanan.
The amendment I propose will tend strongly
to correct this abuse by removing the chief
inducement which leads to the scramble for
these places, and will be apt to secure the selec-
tion of fit and fully qualified keepers, while at
the same time the considerable sum of $8,100
will be saved to the Government; making, with
the $1,000 saved on salaries of the superintend-
ents, nearly ten thousand dollars, which might
go to augment the contingent fund provided by
this bill. We should then have a contingent
fund of nearly twenty thousand dollars with
which to cover the expenses contemplated by
my last proviso. That proviso relates to the
pay of crews to man the boats and employ the
other apparatus of the stations; and also to
expenses that may be incurred in prosecuting
certain experiments, &c., as well as to the pos-
sible extension of the system to parts of the sea
and lake coast now destitute of it.
At the present time the men who endure
the hardships and perils, and undergo the
labors incident to this difficult and dangerous
service, receive no fixed compensation, but do
the duties accepted by them voluntarily and
entirely in the interest of humanity. Even the
uncertain and precarious reward which until
within late years attended their employment
as crews of these stations, by reason of the
preference always given them in selecting men
to work on wrecked vessels—a privilege some-
times worth little and sometimes much, but
never involving anything more than a right to
be well paid for hard work—has been entirely
taken away by the advance recently made in
the syslem of wrecking along these shores.
The telegraph now reaches all parts ot the
coast, so that within a few hours of a vessel's
stranding the fact is made known in Wall
street, and within another hour one of the
powerful wrecking steamers owned by the Coast
Wrecking Company of New York—a company
whose operations are controlled by the Board
of Underwriters of that city—having one or two
schooners in tow, equipped with ail the most
improved appliances of modern science for
saving wrecked vessels and their cargoes, is
under way, bound for the scene of the disaster,
and prepared to proceed immediately to the
work of such saving.
It thus often happens that the steamer and
her sailing consorts will reach the spot in less
time than would formerly have been required
to spread the intelligence of the wreck among
the scattered inhabitants of the mainland and
to collect enough of them to accomplish any-
thing toward getting the vessel afloat or rescu-
ing her cargo. The result is that no such
perquisite as this preference to be employed
on wrecks is now enjoyed by the crews of the
life-saving stations, who, whenever occasion
arises for their services, volunteer to man the
boats, and at the risk of their own lives, it may
be, do make noble efforts—sometimes, alas!
unsuccessful—to save human life. When the
system was first established, some twenty or
more years ago, by the Benevolent Life-Saving
Association of New York, the whole service,
superintendents, keepers, and crews, was gra-
tuitous, without other reward than the con-
sciousness of good deeds done unostentatiously,
silently, and privately; a genuine work of the
purest humanity; a philanthropy which opened
wide its arms to redeem every victim, no mat-
ter what his race, or nativity, or creed, whom
else the cruel sea would have drawn into its
rapacious maw.
And, Mr. Chairman, the foul slander which,
in the earlier years of the settlement of this
country, was cast upon the character and fame
of the inhabitants of Long Island and New
Jersey, ascribing to them all the worst attri-
butes that make up the popular idea of the
wreckers of romance, who burn false lights to
lure brave ships to their destruction, who ruth-
lessly seize to their own use all goods thrown
up by the sea, and who, if they do not actually
hasten the deaths of the hapless mortals flung
to their feet by a pitying wave, yet do nothing
to promote their restoration to life and to the
rights which living men may assert—this atro-
cious calumny, which never had any but the
faintest exceptional color of truth to rest upon,
and yet ran current through the land, magni-
fied by the wild stories of superstitious sailors
or the vague fancies of ignorant travelers, finds
its fittest answer in the fact that twenty years
ago the people resident along the shores of
these two States did, of their own free will and
solely for the benefit of perishing humanity,
furnish at intervals of every five miles a crew
ready and willing to take their own lives in
their hands and go out upon the great deep in
its angriest moods to snatch strangers from the
grave which yawned to receive them.
This organized heroism, this gallant self-
sacrifice, they stood ready to enact whenever
occasion might call for it. And in those days
occasion did call for itoftenerthan now, when
better lighted, more accurately charted, and
more carefully guarded coasts welcome the
mariner to our shores or bid him God speed
on his departure from them. Unfortunately,
owing to the fact that no complete record has
been kept of the results on either coast, it is
impossible to give the precise number of per-
sons saved by means of these stations since
they were first established. But enough is
known to warrant the assertion that on the
coast of Long Island alone over one thousand
lives have been saved that might otherwise
have been lost. In one or two instances over
three hundred persons were rescued in the life-
car from on board a single vessel 1 Several of
these noble men, braver than he who goes down
to "dusty deathamid the roar and smoke
of battle, have offered up their lives on the
altar of devotion to duty. And such, sir, I-am
proud to believe, continues to be the spirit that
would actuate those of my constituents who
reside near the sea-shore on ail occasions call-
ing for its exercise.
But it is not desirable, even were it always
safe, to rely upon unorganized and undis-
ciplined crews, however willing or capable.
There ought to be a full boat's crew for every
station, working together and harmonized into
an efficient whole. I propose to attain that
end by paying to such a crew, not a fixed sal-
ary, which would soon degenerate into a mere
prize or premium on'partisanship, like the
keepers' salaries, but whenever they perform
any actual service then I would give them a
liberal reward—a remuneration not intended
as a price Tor that which in its nature is price-
less, but as an incentive to renewed exertions
in other like cases. In short, I would as far
as possible eliminate from this entire service,
from first to last, the element of partisan poli-
tics which now dominates over it, and which
utterly perverts its original purpose of a benev-
olence that knew neither party nor policy.
I also propose that, under regulations to t>e
prescribed by the. Secretary of the Treasury,
trial shall be made of the various apparatus
used in the life-saving service of this and other
countries, to the end that any improved pro-
cesses or contrivances for saving life may be
made available here, and that which is shown
to be superior may promptly displace the infe-
rior article. Moreover, if there be other parts
of the sea or lake coasts of this country whereon
these stations might be advantageously located
and efficiently maintained, I would lose no
time in establishing them at such points. One
human life is worth all the cost of lining our
shores with these means for its rescue from
the perils of shipwreck.
Mr. Chairman, my purpose in offering these
amendments has been accomplished, and 
Mr. GRISWOLD. I rise to oppose the
amendment of my colleague [Mr. Reeves]
for the purpose of obtaining some information
from him which will enable me to understand
it more definitely. I know that he represents
the Long Island district, and understands the
scope of his amendment, which, if I do not
misapprehend it, is to provide for the appoint-
ment of four superintendents, each superin-
tendent to attend to one district and to receive
$500 a year instead of $1,500, as proposed by
the pending paragraph. I wish to ask my col-
league if he supposes that faithful and efficient
men can be found to attend to these duties for
$500 each ?
Mr. REEVES. L have already answered
that question. I repeat that competent and
faithful men can be found and would be found
to discharge all the duties now devolved upon
the present superintendents for the sum of
$500 a year, and they would be glad to accept
the positions at that rate. And the interest
of the Government, and of all that class of
people that would" come under the influence
and operations of these men, would be sub-
served by the change I propose.
Mr. GRISWOLD. How long a stretch of
coast does this apply to ?
Mr. REEVES. I do not know the exact
length of the New Jersey coast; but the exten t
of the coast of Long Island, along which these
life-saving stations have been established, is
about one hundred and thirty miles, and one of
these stations is established about every five
miles. I think there are twenty-eight of them
in all.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Knowing the great hiss
of life along the coast of Long Island I believe
that this amendment, providing for additional
superintendents, ought to be adopted, and
therefore I will withdraw all opposition to it.
Mr. DAWES. This bill conforms precisely
to the estimates of theDepartmentin reference
to the pay of officers. 1 do not suppose the
