2790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
organization. I sba.Il not go at length into that
question, but shall remind the gentleman of
two or three pertinent facts in the testimony,
hoping that he will cease to defend that organ-
ization which is indefensible. The gentleman
complains that I charged that the Knights of
the White Camelia are a political organization.
I did not say so ; but I do say so now. The
meat in the egg is not the egg, because the
shell is necessary to make the egg. So this
order of the Knights of the White Camelia was
not the Democratic party, because the form,
the shell, did not belong to that order. But
the Democratic party in that State was just as
full of Knights of the White Camelia as an egg
is of meat. If you had taken that order out
of the party, there would not have beea any
such party. The members of the order were
the members of the party. The central prin-
ciple of the order of the Knights of the White
Camelia was that of maintaining a white man's
Government, opposition to men of color having
any share in the political government of the
country. They called this order u social," and
the 11 social" element of it consisted in having
nothing to do with any person of color or with
any person "who had anything to do with any
person of color, in binding themselves that they
would never marry a woman of color. That
was the il social element" of this organization.
The political element was determined and un-
flinching opposition to the Republican organ-
ization. I will read the preamble of the ritual
of this order:
"Preamble.—There is a fact which stands beyond
denial. It is that the lladical party, the freedmon,
and the colored population of the whole Republic,
have coalesced against us, the white race. However
liberal our intentions may have been toward thocol-
ored class, this coalition has placed us m a condition
no longer to coantcnance a policy of fusion and
mutual concessions.
" Their unjust and unreasonable opposition forces
ns, upon the ground of an absolute necessity, to sim-
ilar measures <..f resistance. Let it, therefore, bo
recognized as a constant fact that from the colored
population and from the lladical faction to which it
has allied itself have sprung the first of inimical
measures which have divided into two hostile camps
the races which inhabit the American Republic."
When a man. was initiated he was required
to answer a series of questions, as follows:
"Questions.—1. Are you free? 2. Doyou belong to
1 he white or Caucasian race? 3. Does your wife also,
it you are married, or if she be now dead did she
belong to the white or Caucasian race? ■£. Do you
promise never to marry any woman but one who
bolongs to the white or Caucasian race ? 5. Do you
believe in the superiority of your race? 6. Will you
promise never to vote for any one for any office of
honor or profit who does not belong to your race ?
7. Are you opposed to allowing the control of the
political affairs of this country to go in whole or in
part into the hands of the negro or African race;
and will you do everything in your power to prevent
this? 8. Will you devote all your intelligence, en-
ergy, and influence to the furtherance and propaga-
tion of these principles? 9. Will you in all circum-
stances defend and protect persons of the whito or
Caucasian raceintheir lives,property, anddominion
against, all encroachments or invasions from any in-
ferior raco, and especially the African race? 10. Arc
you willing to take an oath forever to cherish these
grand principles, and to unite yourself with others
who, like you, believing in their truth, have firmly
bound themselves to stand by and defend them
against all?
Yet the gentleman from Indiana tells us that
th;s is not politics. Well, if the question
whether men of color shall have anything to
do with politics in this country is not politics,
I would like to know what is.
Now, I wish to call the gentleman's atten-
tion to a little Democratic testimony on that
point. L. Saunders King, a young Democrat,
was sworn;
" To Mr. Kerr:
"Ireside in Opelousa1*, St. Landry parish. I am
twenty-four years of age. I am a native of Louisi-
ana. My father lives in the parish of St. Landry.
I am now connected with the press.
" Question. State howyouwere engaged duringthe
war.
" Ansioer. I started out after the secession of Lou-
isiana and stuck to the confederate army till it sur-
rendered.
" Question. Did you have any Kuklux in the neigh-
borhood?
"Answer. If the Knights of the White Camelia
were Kuklux then we were all Kuklux.
" Qv.estion. You all belong to that order?
"Answer. Yes, sir: unless they are in tho same
predicament as I am, being turned out.
44 Question. I)id you know of any organization of
the Kuklux separate and distinct from the Knights
of the White Camelia?
"Ansioer. No, sir.
" Question. Did you hear of any other?
"Answer. None at all.
"Question. Was there any other Democratic organ-
ization except that of the Knights of the White
Camelia?
"Answer. None at all.
" Question. That was your club?
"Ansioer. That was our political club."
So here in the parish of St. Landry, where
the hand of violence was raised highest and
made reddest, the only political club they had
which was Democratic was this order of the
Knights of the White Camelia. A member of
the order cannot tell whether it was Kuklux11
or not.
Another witness, a Democrat, was called, R.
P. Webb. He said of this order, "I claim it
to bea political association." My friend from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] forgets himself, for he tes-
tified to the political character of that organiza-
tion. He cross-examined the witnesses and
in cross-examining this very witness, Webb,
volume one, page 725, we have the following
testimony:
" Question. What is the ritual?
"Answer. There is apointthatbothersme. I think
you would have the same right to ask me what
words I used in masonry.
"Question. No; this is a quasi-political order, and
the committee have required all witnesses coming
before us to answer questions in regard to the order.
"Answer. Thefirst question is, 'Are you free?' The
answer is, 'Iain.'
" Question. I am asking you how you determine,
how you know, whether a man is a member, out ot
the council; and you are answering me what passes
in the order, arc you not ?
"Answer. This was the only way I knew out of the
order. The next question was, ' Were their ances-
tors free?' The answer was, 'They were.' The
next question, as well as I recollect, is, 'Are you
attached to any order?' Answer, 41 am.' Ques-
tion. 4To what order ?' Answer,'To the Knights
of the White Camelia.' The next question I don't
think I can word correctly. It was something in
this way: Question, * Where did the White Camelia
emanate from?' Answer, 4From Mount Cau-
casus.' "
The "witness then went on before the commit-
tee to answer all questions in regard to the
order.
Again, Mr. Dennett, editor of the Planters'
Banner, St. Mary's parish, and one of the
most vindictive men in the State of Louisiana,
also testified as to this order. Let me read:
"Question. How many members had the order in
your parish ?
"Answer. I think about seven hundred.
"Question. How many in other parishes of the
State?
"Answer. I don't know. Various numbers were
rumored, sometimes large numbers, and sometimes
small.
"Question. Were they armed in St.Mary'sparish?
"Answer. I believo all who could get arms had
them.
"Question. How did they get them ?
"Answer. Bought them.
"Question. Suppose they could not buy thorn?
"Answer. I suppose they borrowed them.
"Question. From whom?
"Answer. From some of the neighbors, or some
fellow-members. They were not particular aboutit,
"Question. Wore they armed in other parishes ot
the State?
"Ansioer. I think it probablo they were armed in
this way. It was understood that all who had arms
should get them in order, strictly as an act of self-
defense, and those who had not arms were expected
to get them. There was a great deal of stirring up
of bad feeling, and those who had not arms bought
or borrowed them, or got them in some way. It was
understood that every man should have a six-
shooter.
"Question. Were they armed in this city ?
"Answer. I suppose they were.
"Question. Did not you communicate with them in
this city ?
"Answer. Id a general way, by talking to them.
"Question. Did not you learn they were armed
here ?
"Answer. It was so reported.
"Question. Did you learn how many there were?
"Answer. No, sir; it was variously estimated. It
was reported at twenty thousand m a newspaper,
which called them the Kuklux.''
Now, as to the political principles of the
order, he tells us as follows:
" It held to the same principles as the Democratic
party in the Noith, that this wasa whito man's Gov-
ernment. It was opposed to negro suffrage, and
opposed to negroes holding office."
That, Mr. Speaker, is the true character of
this order. It existed in the South in 1868,
and as the witnesses say, throughout many of
the States. It had its Louisiana organization.
It had other organizations. It was understood
to have a national organization. It was be-
lieved by the members inLouisiana.to havean
organization in the North, and it was believed
to represent the principles of northern De-
mocracy, and it did represent the principles
of the northern Democracy. The same princi-
ples do prevail to-day. 1 will read from the
New York World of Friday, April 15, 1870, in
relation to the celebration of colored citizens
on the proclamation of the fifteenth amend-
ment :
44The more rights they give him the greater nui-
sance he becomes, and now that he has more rights
than anybody else the clatter and din are such that
one sighs for those happy, even if unregenerate, day3
when ho had no rights at all."
Now, let me read from the Cincinnati' En-
quirer on the same subject:
" The National Flog at the Post Office.—The flag of
the United States floated yesterday from-the Gov-
ernment post office and custom-house building in
honor of the celebration, by the class interested in
it. of the fifteenth amendment. This, we cannot
but observe, was a desecration of the stars and
stripes. They ought never to float from the flag-
staff controlled by the nation except when a national
triumph ha.? been attained that appeals to all men,
without distinction of party or sect. It should never
be permitted to draggle in the mire andmudof party
conflicts. No better way could be invented to weaken
the love and regard of the people for the old flag, to
make them lukewarm in its support, to induce them
to believe that it had become a party emblem, than
to see it waving on such an occasion as yesterday.
Wc know not by whose authority it was done, but
whoever did it made a grave and serious mistake.
There are hundreds of thousands of Americans, pa-
triotic men, who would freely offer up their life-blood
for the country, who would see with thedeepestcon-
cern this insult in the name of the nation offered to
their fixed, conscientious principles. How unfortu-
nate it is that the demon of party hate and jealousy
will not be content with its triumph, but must insist
upon rendering it as offensive to their opponents as
possible!"
Mr. Speaker, this order of the Knights of
the White Camelia was apolitical organization
and a power. It exists to-day, and we know
not where. The whole South may be honey-
combed with it, as was said in the other Cham-
ber, and the North may be honey-combed with
it. We dragged it, into light with great diffi-
culty; witnesses objected to testify; but here
is the statement of the editor of the Nachi-
toches Times, who was in New Orleans as a
witness, and who when he went back to Nachi-
toches wrote as follows:
" The Knights of the White Camelia.—In the pro-
gress of the investigation the existence of a secret
order with the above title was revealed, and all its
practical workings laid bare. The K. W. C. were not
found to be the visionary creations of the brain, but
a powerful organization whose strength was felt dur-
ing the presidential campaign."
And further on:
M The members of this order were compelled, under
penalty of imprisonment, to divulge its objects and
its secret workings, and everything was laid bare,
except the names of members and officers. And the
white people may justly be proud of the record mado
by the only secret political order ever organized and
sanctioned by the southern people."
This organization and these "Innocents"
had absolute control over the city of New Or-
leans. That control extended to the parish
of St. Bernard, which lies just below New
Orleans, on the same side of the river, and
which is a parish where we have those three
classes that used to inhabit the South—the
white sugar-planters, the poor negro, and the
poor "white trash, as they were called. These
were the fishermen and sportsmen who carried
truck to market. The negroes were in the
majority. If they had submitted, that parish
would have had a peaceable election j but
unfortunately, perhaps, the colored men de-
cided tto try their nerve there, and they resisted
the u Innoeents," who came down to overrun
them. They were impudent to them one day
as they passed in procession. The u Inno-
cents" killed some of them, and thereupon it
happened that somehow—I do not know how,
I do not care to know—Pablo Filio, who kept
the public house where these "Innocents"
