534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
citizens or to any section of its domain. Let
us remember that the strength of this Repub-
lic is in its impartial justice, its vigilant watch
over the rights of all, more than in anything
else.
Mr. PAINE obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to yield
the floor to me for the purpose of making a
report from the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. PAINE. I will first yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Judii.]
Mr. JUDD. I ask unanimous consent of the
House to present some amendments to the
pending bill, in order that they maybe printed
for the use of the House.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
COMMITTEE ON BANKING AND CURRENCY.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Appropriations, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 861) making appropriations to
defray the expenses of the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
sum of $3,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, shall be appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated for the purpose of defraying the ex-
penses of the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency incurred in fulfillment of the order of
the House of Representatives.
The question was on the bill being engrossed
and read a third time.
_Mr. HOLMAN. I desire that some explan-
ation should be given of the object of this ap-
propriation.
Mr. DAWES. The object of the appropri-
ation will perhaps be best explained by the
reading of a letter from the chairman of the
Committee on Banking and Currency.
The Clerk read as follows :
Washington, D.C., January 17, 1870.
Dear Sib: The Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency are now making investigations into the gold
panic, as ordered by the House. I find that there is
no appropriation for the payment of witness fees.
It is impossible to say how much money will be
required for this purpose, but I presume $3,000 will
not be more than sufficient, and the expenses may
exceed that amount. We are every day discharging
witnesses, andit is very embarrassing to them not to
receive their nay upon their discharge. I therefore
recommended that an appropriation of at least 83,000
be made immediately for the purpose indicated.
Very respectfully, yours,
J. A. GARFIELD,
Chairman Committee on Banking and Currency,
Hon. II. L. Dawes, Chairman of the Committee on
-Appropriations, House of Representatives.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
ISTHMUS OF IIA1UHN.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
llesolved, That the President of the United States
be respeetiullyrequeated to inform this House under
what act of Congress or by what other authority
appropriations for the Navy are diverted to the sur-
vey of the Isthmus of Darien.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORT ON TUB-PARIS EXPOSITION.
Mr. HAIGHT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble'and resolution,
and moved that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Whereas the State Department li^vc published a
valuable report of the commissioner to the Paris
Exposition, but not a sufficient number to supply
members ofcongrebswithsiuglecopies; and whereas
the Senate of the United States have ordered copies
to be iurniohed for the use of the Senate: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be
directed to reporfcajoint resolution for the printing
of six thousand copies of said report for the use of
members of this House.
The motion was agreed to.
D. B. ALLEN & CO.
Mr. TWICHELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 862) to provide
for the payment of D. B. Allen & Co. for ser-
vices in carrying the United States mails; which
was read- a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
RECEIPTS AND DISBURSEMENTS IN ALASKA.
Mr. WILLARD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, ana agreed to:
Resolved, The the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish the House a statement of the
receipts from revenue and customs, and all other
sources, in Alaska, since that territory was incorpor-
ated with the United States: also the disbursements
and payments from the United States Treasury in
maintaining the authority of the United States and
eolleoting the revenue in that territory.
PAYMENT OP PENSIONS.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which Was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency and justice
of providing a law granting pensions in accordance
with the rank of the pensioner held at the time of
discharge instead of the rank held by the pensioner
at the time he received the injury or incurred the
disease for which the pension is allowed.
UNITED STATES CONSULATES.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented letters from the Secretary of State pro-
posing changes in regard to compensation and
duties of several of the consulates of the United
States ; which were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
NAVAL PENSIONS.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
presented a letter from the Secretary of the
Navy in regard to naval pensions ; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SCHUMAKER, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to furnish the House with a statement of the
number of men employed in the several navy-yards
on the 1st of March, the 1st of July, the 1st of Septem-
ber, and the 1st of December, 18R9; and also to in-
form the House whether the expendtiures of the
Navy Department for the.fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1869, exceed $17,356,350 18, the amount appro-
priated ; and if so, how much.
PANOCIIE GRANDE CLAIM.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the
Judiciary Committee unanimously to report a
joint resolution with regard to the Panoche
Grande claim in California, and to ask that it
be put on its passage.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to the considera-
tion of the joint resolution at this time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to state that it
is the unanimous recommendation of the Judi-
ciary Committee, and that_it involves the ques-
tion whether the House will execute its order
or not. I move to suspend the rules that the
joint resolution may be considered now.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. SARGENT. It is that there is now a
bill pending before the House, and that a mo-
tion to suspend the rules cannotbe made while
that bill is under consideration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I hope the House
will not suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debat-
able.
Mr. BINGHAM. I de.sire to say further to
the House by the order of the committee that
both the parties interested have appeared before
the committee and asked to have witnesses
examined ; but we cannot do it unless this res-
olution be passed.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to dis-
cuss the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put, and there were—ayes
78, noes 32.
So the motion was agreed to; and there-
upon (at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.)
the. House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. ARMSTRONG: A petition of cit-
izens of Jersey Shore, Lycoming county, Penn-
sylvania, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, apetition of citizens of Rearing Branch,
Lycoming county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Glen Union,
Clinton county, Pennsylvania, for the saine.
Also, a petition of citizens ofSalona, Clin-
ton county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Mansfield and
vicinity, Tioga county, Pennsylvania, for the
same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Potter county,
Pennsylvania, for the same.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of Hugh D.
Marshall and others, of Unionville, Putnam
county, Missouri, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of C. C. Colt and others,
of Easton, Buchanan county, Missouri, asking
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BARNUM: The petition ofLucretia
F. Sheffield, for increase of pension and back
pay, amounting to the sum of about seven hun-
dred dollars.
By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of Byron
McKee, late private in company C, eleventh
Ohio volunteer infantry, for pension.
Also, the petition of Joseph M. Campbell,
G. H. Holland, and others, citizens of Jerome,
Richland county, Ohio, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of Rufus Sears and 97
others, citizens of Richland county, Ohio, set-
ting forth that the recent construction placed
upon the law for the collection of internal
revenue by which farmers and those producing,
vending, and selling vegetables, grains, and
other products of the farm are held to be pro-
dace brokers, and taxed as such, is onerous
and unjust, and imposes an unequal tax upon
labor ; and if such is held tp be the true con-
struction of the law they ask that the law be
so amended as to exempt the class of producers
affected by the decision of the Commissioner.
By Mr. BIRD: A petition for the abolition
of the franking privilege from citizens of
Pluckemin, Somerset county, New Jersey.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts : The
petition of Mary A. Lovejoy, mother of Newton
Lovejoy, late a private in company F, thirteenth
regiment United States infantry, for a special
act for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Margaret Gannon, widow
of Thomas Gannon, late a private in company
B, first regiment Massachusetts cavalry volun-
teers, for a special act for a pension.
Also, the petition of Hannah J. Kittredge.
mother of Charles E. Kittredge, late a private
in company A, second regiment Massachusetts
volunteers, for a special act for a pension.
Also, the petition of Sarah Whiting, widow
of Joseph B. Whiting, late a second lieutenant
in the twenty-sixth regiment Massachusetts
volunteers, for a special act for a pension.
By Mr. BURR : A petition of citizens of
Windsor, Illinois, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, petitions from citizens of Nokomis
and Gillespie, Illinois, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
George L. Thacher and 81 others, citizens of
Hyanis, Massachusetts, praying for the repeal
of the franking privilege.
