3784
THE OOKGrRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
equal to that, from which their ancestors were
taKen ; now that the condition of things in re-
gard to Liberia has entirely changed, I do not
think that we want anything more there than
a commissioner or consul general, at a salary
of $4,000 a year.
We do not want any representative therefor
the purpose of suppressing the slave trade,
because the slave trade was suppressed years
ago. We made a treaty with the great Powers
which suppressed the slave trade. Yet, as gen-
tlemen of this House know, although years
have elapsed since the slave trade was entirely
suppressed by the consent of all the nations,
we still keep an officer at the Cape of Good
Hope, I think, and another officer at Liberia,
and still another in the city of New York—I
am sure they are notyet abolished, though they
ought to be—on large salaries for the purpose
of suppressing a slave trade that, thank God,
has entirely died out.
And now we are asked to appropriate $7,500
for a minister to Liberia, whose functions no
man can possibly tell, all whose possible func-
tions can be adequately discharged by a con-
sul general or by a simple commercial agent.
However, if the gentleman from the Qommit-
tee on Appropriations who has charge of this
bill [Mr. Kei.sey] can modify this paragraph
as he has suggested, so as to make the appro-
priation for this purpose $4,000, I care not
what you call the officer, whether minister, (a
sham minister, of course,) or commissioner,
or commercial agent, I will not seriously ob-
ject. At least let us cut down the appropria-
tion to what is a proper and adequate remun-
eration for such services as he may render.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to strike out the
last word of this paragraph for the purpose of
sayiug that I think there is some misunder-
standing in regard to the condition of the
amendments to this paragraph. The gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] moved
to increase the amount appropriated to $7,500.
The committee then rose informally ; and
Mr. Allison took the chairas Speaker pro tem-
pore for the purpose of receiving a
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the resolution of the
House relative to the printing additional copies
of the agricultural report for 18G8, with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate insisted upon its amendments disagreed to
by the House to the bill of the House No. 987,
to reduce the number of the officers in the Army
of the United States, and for other purposes,
had agreed to the conference asked by the
House upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on said bill, and had appointed Mr.
Henry Wilson of Massachusetts, Mr. Oliver
P. Morton of Indiana, and Mr. Joseph C.
Abbott of North Carolina, as the conferees on
the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted upon its amendments disagreed
to by the House to the bill of the House No.
1293, to enforce the rights of citizens of the
United States to vote in the several States of
this Union, who have hitherto been denied
that right on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of f.ervitude, had agreed to the
conference asked by the House upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on said bill,
and had appointed Mr. William M. Stewart
of Nevada, Mr. George P. Edmunds of Ver-
mont, and Mr. John P. Stockton of New
Jersey, as the conferees on the part of the
Senate.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I rise to a point of
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Allison.)
The Chair can recognize no point of order.
The Committee of the Whole rose informally,
under the rule, to receive a message from the
Senate. That having been done, the Com-
mittee of the Whole will resume its session,
and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Inger-
soll] will again take the chair as chairman
of the Committee of the Whole.
consular, etc., appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Ingersoll.) The
Committee of the Whole resumes the considera-
tion of the consular and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill, upon which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. ICelsey] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KELSEY. I was remarking, when inter-
rupted by the informal rising of the committee,
that the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] was under con-
sideration when, at three o'clock, the Speaker
resumed the chair in order to dispose, under
the order of the House, of the Louisiana elec-
tion case. At that time the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] was on the floor. When
the Committee of the Whole again resumed its
session a vote was asked by my friend from
Tennessee on his amendment, audit was taken;
but I think the result of the vote was not an-
nounced by the Chair when the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] claimed his right to the
floor.
Tlie CHAIRMAN. Thq.gentleman is mis-
taken in regard to the declaration of the result
of the vote. The Chair did announce the re-
sult of the vote.
Air. KELSEY. I was about to call for a
division of the committee on that vote when
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] rose
and claimed that he was entitled to the floor;
and inasmuch as the floor was accorded to him,
I supposed that the Chair conceded that he had
right to it. Now, for the purpose of disen-
tangling this matter, I ask that the vote be
again put on the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] for I think
the amendment was not understood by the
committee when the vote was taken before. I
think the amendment ought not to pass.
Mr. ROOTS. I think the amendment ought
to pass ; and therefore I object to the vote upon
it being again taken.
Mr. KELSEY. I rose to call for a division
of the committee on the question, upon the
announcement by the Chair that the amend-
ment appeared to be carried, but my colleague
[Mr. Cox] rose at the same time and claimed
that he was entitled to the floor.
Mr. ROOTS. But the gentleman did not
call for a division, and therefore I insist upon
my objection.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask that the question upon
the amendment be again submitted to the com-
mittee.
Mr. ROOTS. I insist upon my objection.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague on the Com-
mittee on Appropriations [Mr. Kelsey] does
not ask unanimous consent that the question
may be again put. He asserts, upon his honor
as a member of this House, that he called for
a division in season.
Mr. KELSEY. I say that I arose to demand
it when my colleague [Mr. Cox] rose at the
same time and claimed that he had been taken
from the floor without his knowledge or con-
sent. I therefore did not interpose until he had
been heard.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. I
state to this House that I rose as soon as I
found we got back into the committee again,
and resumed the floor from which I had been
taken by the Speaker's taking the chair and
putting us into the House on the Louisiana
contested-election case. A division was called
for by my colleague, [Mr. Kelsey.] I rose at
once to claim my right. The Chair universally
takes the statement of a member in reference
to what he has done.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will take the
statement, of a member who says that he rose
and called for a division in time. If he Bays
so that is sufficient. The Clerk will report the
paragraph as he now has it.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salary of minister resident and consul general
to Liberia, $7,500.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state
further that the vote was taken, and that alter
the vote he gave ample time to any gentleman
to call for a division.
Mr. KELSEY. I rose to call for a division ;
but whether I did so or not I am not certain.
But it makes no difference, as we can have a
vote on the proposition in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion, the Chair will again submit the proposi-
tion to the committee.
Mr. ROOTS. I object. It is an act well
done, and I do not want it undone.
Mr. KELSEY. We can have a vote on it
in the House.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Arkansas will be allowed to state the grounds
of his objection.
Mr. MAYNARD. There are two amend-
ments pending, and I have risen to speak to
them.
Mr. DAWES. I do not suppose any one
will insist on making objection after what has
been stated by the'gentleman from New York.
Mr. ROOTS. Yes, sir; I insist on my
objection.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to move to strike
out the paragraph.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 believe I have thefloor.
Mr. COX. I say that the Chair was not in
order unless he recognized me when he came
back to the committee, He failed to do that,
and therefore I insist, on my privilege.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York was recognized by the Chair. I
hope he has not lost any of his privileges. If
he has I hope he will find them. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. A motion was made by
the gentleman from New York to strike out the
last word of the paragraph, and I rise for
the purpose of opposing that amendment in
order to reply to some things said here, and
especially to attacks made upon the republic
of Liberia. I supposed we had got to the
end of that kiud of attacks now, and that there
could ;be no reason for making this sort of
assault to which I have listened to-day. We
ought not to forget the facts of our current his-
tory. This republic of Liberia dates back in
its inception something more than fifty years.
There is no more successful colonization on
this continent than that of the colonization of
Liberia, on the coast of Africa, which has
resulted in a regularly organized republic, with
a president, with legislative bodies, with courts
of justice, and with State papers which will
compare 
Mr. KELSEY. I gave notice that I should
made a point of order upon any gentleman
who discussed matters outside of the subject
under consideration ; and 1 must make it, there-
fore, on my friend from Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am replying to what
gentlemen have stated in support of the motion
to strike out.
Mr. WELKER. I should like to know what
is the pending amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is to strike out the
last word of the paragraph.
Mr. WELKER. What paragraph ?
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is, in line
twenty-seven, to strike out the word " dollars."
Mr. POTTER. The motion of the gentle-
man from New York was to strike out the
paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion was made to
strike out the last word, which takes precedence
of the motion to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. WELKER. Then a motion is also pend-
ing to strike out the whole paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. And that involves the
whole question.
