5622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July IS,
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 15, 1870.
The Senate met at cine o'clock a. ra.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings will be read.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to dispense with the
reading of the Journal, and I desire to make
a report from a committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I think with the Senate in
its present condition, with obviously no quorum
present, the Journal should be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to dispensing with the reading of the
Journal?
Mr. SUMNER. I only object because obvi-
ously there is no quorum.
The PRESIDENTproferepore. TheJournal
will be read.
Mr. SGOTT. Permit me to ask the Senate
to pass a bill for the relief of one of the pres-
ent employes of the Senate who was formerly
in the Navy, who was wounded and lost cloth-
ing to the amount of $400 on which he was
entitled to a return of $100, but in consequence
of a technical defect in his way he has to ask
for a special bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Journal had
better be read, for a short time at least, while
the Senate is assembling.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing will proceed.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal.
Mr. SAWYER, (at nine o'clock and five
minutes.) I move that the further reading of
the Journal be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection ? The Chair hears no objection, and
the further reading'will be dispensed with.
Mr. SAWYER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 252, to provide for the sale of certain lots
and lands of the sea islands of Beaufort county,
South Carolina, and for other purposes.
schooner h. S. davis.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to enter a motion to reconsider a
vote? The bill (H. R. No. 2209) to carry into
effect the decree of the circuit court of the
United States for the southern district of New
York in the case of the schooner L. S. Davis
and lier cargo came to the Senate and was
referred to the Committee on Claims. The
Committee on Claims considered it and re-
ported a bill to pay the principal without inter-
est. It was sent back to the House with that
amendment. The House disagreed to the
amendment of the Senate. During the night
there was a motion made, and it was inconsid-
erately carried, that the Senate recede from
its amendment. I wish to ask a reconsidera-
tion of the vote upon that motion.
Mr. HOWARD. I hold in my hand a certi-
fied copy of the decree in the case to which
the Senator from Kentucky alludes.
Mr. DAVIS. I enter the motion, and will
move to take it up at some other time.
Mr. HOWARD. It will fall with the session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We had better recon-
sider it and let it stand over, if it is desirable
to reconsider.
Mr. HOWARD. I have to say that the
decree itself to which the Senator alludes
gives interest to the claimant. I hold it in my
hand. In order that there may be no doubt
about it I will ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to read it.
Mr. DAVIS. It will take some time to de-
bate the question. It is an exceedingly import-
ant one. It involves the extent to which the
United States shall be held bound to pay inter-
est.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Senator
from Kentucky and the Senator fiom Michigan
that if this case does involve important prin-
ciples it would be better !o reconsider it and
pass it over. It cannot be discussed now.
Mr. HOWARD. All I say is that I hold in
my hand a certified copy of the decree direct-
ing the payment of interest, and the princi-
pal and interest added together constitute the
exact sum mentioned in the House bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know nothing of the
case; but if it involves an important principle
let me suggest that it be entered as reconsid-
ered, because otherwise the motion will fall
with the session and the bill wifl become a law.
Let it stand reconsidered, and then we can take
time afterward, if there is an important prin-
ciple involved, to examine it.
Mr. DAVIS. There is no more important
principle in relation to the administration of
the Government than the one involved in this
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider the vote
receding from the Senate amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will not be recon-
sidered. It has been discussed in the House
and Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. It has not been discussed in
the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. It was discussed in the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. DAVIS. The motion to recede was
made without my knowledge. I reported the
amendment and intended to ask that the Sen-
ate should insist on its amendment; but the
motion to recede was made without my knowl-
edge, and without the knowledge of any member
of the committee so far as I know.
Mr. HOWARD. All I can say 
Mr. SAWYER. I trust I shall not be denied
the privilege of taking up my bill at this time,
and if this debate goes on I shall be.
Mr. DAVIS. Let the question be put on
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the vote will not
be reconsidered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote by which the
Senate receded from its amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to protract
the discussion on this subject, but I beg to
repeat that here is a debt of record due this
claimant, and the bill which it is asked to
reconsider simply proposes to pay the amount
of that record debt, the amount named in the
bill carrying out the decree exactly to a cent.
I cannot imagine that it is the object of the
honorable Senator to review the judgment of
the court in the case. The court has directed
the payment of interest, and that has been
computed up to a particular period; and the
sum in- the bill is precisely the amount of the
principal and interest added together.
Mr. DAVIS. The decree is not against the
United States. The United States is not a
party to that suit at all. The United States
assumed the payment of the principal of the
judgment and directed it to be paid from the
Treasury. The bill of the House was to com-
pel the United States to pay interest from the
'ireasury upon the principal of the judgment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to discussing
the merits. We cannot do that. The state-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky is that he
was on the Committee on Claims that reported
this bill with an amendment, which the Senate
adopted; that the bill came back from the House
with a message disagreeing to the amendment,
and he says there is an important principle
involved in it, and that the Senate receded
without his observing it or its being called to
the attention of any member of the committee
who reported the bill. Now he asks to have
thatvote reconsidered, so that the Senate may
understand it. I think that ought not to be
objected to. It is a matter of courtesy to the
committee who reported the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. The motion to recede was
made without my knowledge. The Senator
who made the motion ought to have consulted
me as having made the report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly it shouldstand
over reconsidered, so that we can examine the
case. I hope there will be no objection to
reconsideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The-ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
and amendment will lie on the table for the
present.
message from the iiousb.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had agreed to the
resolution of the Senate to print extra copies
of the reports on the diseases of cattle in the
United States, presenting theresults of invest-
igations ordered by Congress and conducted
under the direction of the Commissioner of
Agriculture, with illustrations representing
various stages of disease, &c.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment ofthe Senate to
the concurrent resolution of the House for
printing the annual report of the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture for the year 1809.
The message likewise announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2165)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1871, and for other purposes.
sea islands of so0tii carolina.
Mr. SAWYER. Now I move to proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 252. I
will state here that if this bill is not passed this
session the United States will lose not less than
$100,000. -
Mr. SUMNER. Let that bill be taken up.
Mr. BAYARD. What is the bill ?
Mr. SAWYER. The sea islands land bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is on t.he table a
resolution as to paying the committee clerks
and messengers which should be acted on.
Mr. SAWYER. I have yielded all the ses-
sion for seven months, and I cannot yield
now.
Mr. BAYARD. I will state to the Senate
that the bill of the Senator from South Caro-
lina cannot pass without being considerably
discussed, and it ■will occupy some time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina, to take up the bill.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were thirteen.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Is a further
count demanded?
Mr. SAWYER. I withdraw the application
for a further count if I can have the privilege
of making one remark. I have sat here month
after month and seen propositions pass, and
pass by large majorities, the object of which
was to take public lands for private purposes.
This is a bill which disposes of public land for
public purposes, and is intended to secure
quietly in their homes 
Mr. BAYARD. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that it is not in order for the Senator
to discuss the merits of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator is proceeding by unanimous consent.
Mr. BAYARD. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the Senator from South Carolina
is not iu order.
order of business.
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of Mr. Spence.
Mr. SCOTT. May I appeal to the Senator
from Tennessee to let the question be taken on
the motion I made when the reading of the
Journal was first commenced, to take up a
bill to do an act of justice amounting to only
$100 to one of thg employes of the Senate ?
Mr, FOWLER, 'i'he Senator frqm Ar^=
