1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
By Mr. CESSNA : A petition of citizens of j
Somerset county, Pennsylvania, praying Con- j
gress to abolish the franking privilege. j
By Mr. CLARKE: The petition of A. J. j
Jennings and others, of Eudora, Kansas, for !
the abolition of the franking privilege. i
Also, the petition of J. S. Pilla and others, j
of Eudora, Kansas, for the passage of a law |
for the compulsory prepayment of all domestic j
postages.
By Mr. COBURN: The petition of Pkcebe
"Wood and Sylvia A. Wood, heirs of Jethro
Wood, deceased, preying compensationin lands
for services rendered the country by said Jethro j
Wood's patent plow.
By Mr. COOK : A petition of citizens of
Piano, Kendall county, Illinois, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Strentor, La
Salle county, Illinois, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Seneca, La
Salle county, Illinois, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Hinsdale,
Illinois, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. COWLES: A petition of citizens
of Cayuga county, New York, for pension to
soldiers of tlie war of 1812.
Also, a petition of citizensof Wayne county,
New York, for abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. CULLOM: A petition of numer-
ous citizens of Sangamon, Woodford, and
McLean counties, in the State of Illinois, ask-
ing the immediate abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. DICKINSON: The petition of Peter
Fox and others, citizens of Erie county, Ohio,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. DOX: The petition of W. E. Hoke
and others, of Athens, Alabama, asking for
relief.
By Mr. DYER: A petition of 15 citizens, j
soldiers in the war of 1812, residents of Calla- I
way county, Missouri, praying for bounties.
Also, the petition of Rufus Campion, of
Missouri, asking for a pension.
By Mr. FERRISS : The petition of William
H. Real, for relief.
By Mr. FERRY : The petition of John W.
Hopkins, Henry Pennoyer, Heber Squier,
Robert Howlett, and 37 others, of Grand
Haven, Michigan, praying against free trade
in vessels, and in favor of the removal of taxa-
tion on (shipbuilding and sailing interests.
Also, the petition of George C. Finney,^ C.
Wright, John Connor, and 107 others, captains,
vessel owners and agents, of Chicago, Illinois,
praying for an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the hai'borat Aux-Becs-Scies, on Lake
Michigan.
Also, the petition cf I. F. Whiling, P. J.
Ralph, A. E.'Bissell & Son, Trowbridge, Wil-
cox & Co., and 11 fi others, steamboat and
vessel owners, shipbuilders, insurance agents,
and officers of the Board oflrade of the city
of Detroit, prajingfor an appropriation for the
improvement of the harbor at Aux-Becs-Scies,
on Lake Micigan.
By Mr. FISHER: Three petitions for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, two petitions for an appropriation to
improve the harbor at the mouth oi xwelvo
Mile Creeks.
Also, a petition for pensions to certain sol-
diers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. GET/ : A petition of 40 citizens of
of the borough of Hamburg, Berks county,
Pennsylvania, praying the abolition ofthe flank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. GREENE: A petition from the
Grand Army of the Republic to have the rev-
enue laws so amended as to exempt maimed
soldiers and sailors from the license tax as
organ grinders, ite.
By Mr. HALDEMAN: A petition for the j!
relief of Jane McMurray. !;
By Mr. HAWLEY: A petition of 20 mem- ;j
berg of the bar of the city of Quincy, Illinois, j|
praying for increased compensation to the h
judges of the courts of the United States. ij
Also, a petition of citizens of Andalusia, i!
Illinois, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Chattan; Illi-
nois, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Dallas City,
Illinois, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Carthage,
Illinois, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Burton, Illi-
nois, for the same purpose.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The petition of E.
H. Conibear and 43 others, citizens of Mineral,
Bureau county, Illinois, praying the abolition
of the franking privilege and prepayment of
postage on printed matter.
By Mr. JOHNSON: The memorial of T.
Dowling.
Also, the memorial of D. W. Martindall.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of B. F.
Ballenger and 44 others, citizens of Milroy,
Rush county, Indiana, praying Congress to
amend the postal laws of the United States.
Also, the petition of G. W. Robbins and 115
others, citizens of Economy, Wayne county,
Indiana, praying Congress to amend the postal
laws of the United States.
Also, the petition of James A. Scott and 42
others, citizens of Wayne county, Indiana,
praying Congress to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of B. F. Ballenger and
45 others, citizens of- Milroy, Rush county,
Indiana, praying Congress to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. KELSEY : A petition of 32 citizens
of Gypsum, Ontario county, New York, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 105 citizens ofTerry, Yates
county, New York, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of 83 citizens of West Blootn-
field, New'York, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of 44 citizens of Benton,
New York, for the same purpose.
By Mr. KETCHAM: Three petitions of
citizens of the towns of Chatham, Stuyvesant,
and Elizaville, New York, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of J. B. Clark
and others, of Woodville, Jefferson county,
New York, in favor of the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Charles W. Van Ant-
werp and others, ofNatural Bridge, New York,
in favor of the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petitions of Howard
Fust and others, citizens of Springvale, Maine,
asking the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MAYHAM: Two petitions of 160
citizens ofthe city of Albany, for the erection
of a United States building in that city.
Also, petitions of the city of Albany, New
York, asking the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. MERCUR: A petition of 73 citi-
zens of Lime Ridge, Columbia county, Penn-
sylvania, praying that the franking privilege be
abolished.
Also, a petition of 30 citizens of Bummer-
; field Creek, Bradford county, Pennsylvania,
i askingthat the fiauking privilege be abolished.
! Also, the petition of William Silver, captain
| company G, fifty-second Pennsylvania yolun-
| teors, for a special act in favor of his claim for
invalid pension No. 137743.
' Also, a petition of -t"2 citizens of Rome,
! Bradford county, Pennsylvania, asking that
! the franking privilege be abolished.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: The peti-
tion of James S. Yon Brunt, president of the
Vessel-Owners and Cantains' Association of
New York, and others, stating that the light-
boat over wreck of steamship Scotland, on
False Hook, bay of New York, is about to
be removed, and requesting that it may be
retained permanently.
Also, the petition of Captain Albert French
and 1,000 others, owners and masters of ves-
sels, praying that a suitable light-ship be placed
on Winter-Quarter shoal, to mark- the loca-
tion of said dangerous shoal, which has been
the source of great destruction to life and
property.
By Mr. MOORE, of Illinois: A petition ask-
ing that an additional pension be paid to Andrew
B.. Rodgers, late captain of company A, twen-
tieth regiment Illinois volunteer infantry.
By Mr. McCARTHY: A petition of citi-
zens of Camillus, New York, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition from the town of Manlius,
on the same subject.
By Mr. McCRARY: A petition of citizens
of Van Buren county, Iowa, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Russell Smith, of Farm-
ington, Iowa, praying to be allowed a pension
on account of wounds received at the battle of
Athens, Clark county, Missouri.
By Mr. NEGLEY : A petition asking Con-
gress for an appropriation for the relief of J.
Snowden & Son, of Brownsville, Pennsylvania,
builders of the iron-clads Hanayunk and
Umpqua.
Also, a petition for the reliefof Henry Beares,
a soldier of 1812.
Also, a petition for the relief of Belinda
Craig, of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania.
Also, a memorial from prominent citizens
of Pittsburg, in behalf of the staff officers of
the Navy.
Also, a memorial from certain officers in the
United States Army who have been deprived
of their brevetrank by theact of March 1,1869.
By Mr. ORTH: A petition from citizens of
Indiana, asking that the franking privilege be
abolished.
By Mr. PACKARD : A petition of citizens
of Michigan City, Indiana, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. PALMER: A petition_from inhab-
itants of Stuart, Guthrie county, Iowa, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition from inhabitants of Glen-
wood, Mills couuty, Iowa, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition from inhabitants of Avoca,
Pottawattomie county, Iowa, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition from inhabitants of Tabor,
Fremont county, Iowa, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. POLAND : The petition of H. C.
Lane and 60 others, citizens of Westminster,
Vermont, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petition of James R. Stevens and
44 others, citizens of St. Johnsbury. Vermont,
for the same purpose.
By Mr. POMEROY : The petition of L. M.
Pemberton and others, of Hamilton county,
Iowa, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. READING: The petition of Marion
P. Allen and Lewis S. Bingham, of Philadel-
phia, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of 39 citizens of New Hope,
Pennsylvania, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of 42 citizens of Morris-
ville, Bucks' county, Pennsylvania, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. RICE : A petition of certain cit-
izens of Lewis county, Kentucky, asking the
establishment of a post route from Vanceburg,
Lewis county, to Grayson, Carter county, Iven-
tU By Mr. SARGENT: The petition and nre-
