1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5623
ansas [Mr. McDonald] is familiar with the
case which I have moved to take up.
Mr. McDONALD. I will state that the case
called up by the Senator from Tennessee is
one to which his colleague [Mr. Brownlow]
has called myattention specially. Itisamatter
in which he feels very great interest, and he
has asked me especially to have it called up.
I have failed heretofore, but the Senator from
Tennessee has now palled it up. There is a
full report made from the Committee on Claims
by the Senator from West Virginia, [Mr. Wil-
ley,] which can be read if desired.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Tennessee.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 897) for the relief of William Spence was
read the second time. It provides for the pay-
ment to William Spence, of Murfreesborough,
Tennessee, $24,200 80, in full satisfaction for
all grain, horses, eattle, mules, and hogs of
the property of his, taken, seized, and used
by the military authorities of the United States
during the late war of the rebellion, at or near
Murfreesborough, during the years 1862 and
1863.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
Mr. RAMSEY. Will not the Senator allow
me to call that resolution for the payment of
the pages?
Mr. STEWART. The less bills we pass now
the better.
Mr. RAMSEY. Give me one moment. I
ask the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of the resolution 1 offered yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Nevada withdraw his motion?
Mr. STEWART. I will waive my motion for
the resolution of the Senator from Minnesota;
but I do not think we ought to be putting
through new bills now.
clerks axd messengers.
By unanimous consent, the following reso-
lution, yesterday submitted by Mr. Ramsey,
was considered:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be. and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay the
committee clerks, messengers, and pages during the
remainder of the present month.
Mr. RAMSEY. They have done the same
thing in the House of Representatives; and
there ought to be no discrimination between
the employes of the two Houses.
The resolution was agreed to.
richard m. hodgson.
Mr. SCOTT. Now let me appeal to the
Senator from Nevada for one moment. Here
is an employ^ of the Senate who was an officer
in the Navy and was wounded and lost cloth
ing to the amount of three or four hundred
dollars. The act of Congress entitles him to
a return to the amount of $100, but there is a
technical objection in his road which a bill
will remove. I hope it will pass.
Mr. STEWART. I will withdraw my motion
for that bill.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1277) for
the relief of Richard M. Hodgson. The bill
provides for the payment of $100 to Richard
M. Hodgson, in full for clothing and personal
effects lost by the destruction of the United
States steam transport Shingis, on board of
which vessel he was a wounded passenger en
route to hospital, having been wounded at
Vicksburg, on board of the United States
steamer Oneida.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reacting, read
the third time, and passed.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. STEWART. I renew my motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi'
Mr. SUMNER. That interferes with public
business.
Mr. RICE. I wish to introduce a bill for
the purpose of having it printed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Pending the motion of the
Senator from Nevada, I ask leave to have some
papers withdrawn. I submit the following
order:
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the
papers in the ease of Mary E. Hill.
The order was adopted.
WIDOW OS J. L. KIERNAN.
Mr. SUMNER. Here is a little bill, the
Senator from Nevada will take notice, a House
bill for the relief of a widow, appropriating
only a few hundred dollars for the widow of a
e consul in China. I hope the Senator will
not object to it. It ought to be passed. It is
House bill No. 1554.
The PRESIDENT, pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada, unless he waives it.
Mr. STEWART. I do not waive it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion that the Senate now pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes eleven,
noes not coutited.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move to take up
House bill No. 1554.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. Ii. No. 1554) for the relief
of the widow of James L. Kiernan, late con-
sul to Chin-Kiang, China. It provides for the
payment to the widow of James L. Kiernan,
late consul at Chin-Kiang, China, of the amount
(not exceeding $625) due him as salary from
October 4 to December 20, 1865, being a
part of the time occupied in traveling from the
United States to his post in China.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
message prom tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
2415) for the relief of Lot North, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 1803) to disapprove of
certain acts of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Idaho, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2354) for the relief of
Vassar College;
A bill (H. R. No. 363) to confirm the title
to certain lands in Illinois;
A bill (H. R. No. 335) for the relief of
Jearum Atkins;
A bill (H. R. No. 1898) to provide for invent-
ories and accounts of property of the United
States in the public buildings and grounds
belonging to the United States in the District
of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 1300) to provide for re
ports of the receipts and expenditures of the
Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
House of Representatives of the United States,
and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1224) donating for school
purposes a certain lot of land and the building
thereon erected, known as the Old Indian Dor-
mitory, in the village of Mackinaw, Michigan;
A bill (H. R. No. 936) to provide for the
compensation of grand and petit jurors in the
circuit and district courts of the United States,
and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1533) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1871;
A bill (H. R. No. 2369) making additional
appropriations and to supply the deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of- the
Government for the fiscal years ending June
30, 1870, and June 30, 1871, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2082) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30,1871, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1335) to admit the State
of Georgia to representation in the Congress
of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 2165) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1871;, and
for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2409) for the relief of
Rittenhouse P. Fink;
A bill (H. R. No. 2408) for the creation
of an additional land district in the State of
California;
Abill(H. R. No. 2410) forthe relief of Sarah
L. Goodrich;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 378) granting
condemned cannon to the Delaware Soldiers
and Sailors' Monument Association
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 380) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War to furnish cannon to
" soldiers' plat," in Riverview cemetery, at
Trenton, New Jersey;
A bill (H. R. No. 2412) to remove the legal
and political disabilities of W. C. Whitthorne,
of Maury county, Tennessee ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 224) for the
relief of Mrs. Margaret P. Robinson ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 183) directing
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to issue a patent to Stephen Marston, of Hart-
ford, State of Connecticut, conveying to the
said Marston the lands described in said reso-
lution ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 376) author-
izing the donation of certain property of the
United States in the city of Galveston, State
of Texas, to said city ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 883) author-
izing the extension of the supervision of the
Capitol police over the Botanic Garden ;
A joint resolution (Ii. R. No. 323) giving
condemned ordnance to the National Asylum
for Disabled Soldiers, Milwaukee, Wisconsiu ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 372) to permit
the Secretary of the Treasury to allow certain
boats to carry passengers and their baggage
between American ports on Lake Ontario;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 374) author-
izing the Postmaster General to adjust the
accounts of George Chorpenning;
A joint resolution (H. Ii. No. 381) giving
condemned cannon to decorate the soldiers'
burial plat at White Plains, New York; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 382) granting
condemned cannon for the erection of soldiers'
monuments.
order of business.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 1017, granting the right of way and
lands in aid of the construction of a canal for
irrigation and other purposes in the county of
El Dorado and other counties in the State of
California. This is the pioneer bill in refer-
ence to the system of irrigation in that State.
It is reported from the Committee on Public
Lands, where it was very carefully considered;
and I think it is as well guarded as any bill can
be in all respects. It grants ten sections per
mij^of mountain land down the western slope
of the Sierra Nevada.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will not the honorable Sen-
ator from California give way that I may call
up the Duluth bill ?
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I am firmly
convinced that no attempt at legislation should
be made this morning except to finish business
which is nowpending between the two Houses.
I move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. CAMERON, I move to take up House
bill No. 1115.
