3736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
us without specifying whether the interpreter
was to be secretary of legation or not; but the
State Department has since supplied that in-
formation, and we propose to amend the bill
so as to conform to it. It will be seen, there-
fore, that there is no neqgssity whatever for
the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from California.
Mr. AXTELL. Any of the Chinese inter-
preters that we know anything about would be
unfit for the position of secretary of legation.
The interpreters are usually Chinese who have
been educated in the missionary schools.
Mr. KELSEY. I am informed by the State
Department that the person now acting as
interpreter is secretary of legation, and has
been for five years past. We propose to con-
tinue the provision just as it is in the existing
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word. I
wish to have this matter perfectly understood,
and I would like the attention of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Kelsey.] I know
that the present minister who has just gone to
China has hired a secretary whom he would
like to have as secretary of legation. Unless
the employment of a secretary of legation as
a separate officer is authorized in this bill the
minister to China will be compelled to pay the
secretary whom he has employed $2,500a year
out of his own pocket. If by this bill we treat
these positions of interpreter and secretary of
legation as one office this gentleman, who is
no interpreter, who does not understand the
Chinese language, and I presume never will,
cannot hold the position of secretary of lega-
tion.
Mr. KELSEY. We propose to make the
appropriation in accordance with the law,
which expressly declares that when the secre-
tary of legation is the interpreter his pay shall
be $5,000.
Mr. PETERS. And when he is not?
Mr. KELSEY. When he is hot, his pay is
$3,000. That is the pay of the interpreter.
Mr. PETERS. And is there to be no sec-
retary of legation in that case?
Mr. KELSEY. There is no provision for
one separately.
Mr. PETERS. Let me suggest that there
be a secretary of legation at $2,000, leaving
the interpreter to have $8,000. If the two
offices be held by one person, he can then re-
ceive the $5,000. Unless an arrangement of
this kind be made there will be confusion. It
seems to me a matter of propriety that a secre-
tary of legation should be authorized as a sep-
arate officer wherever it may be deemed neces-
sary to divide the duties. I know that the
present minister has employed a secretary. I
am personally acquainted with the minister,
and also with his secretary. I know that
neither of thetn is acquainted with the Chinese
language, and I presume neither will ever be-
come so. I think I know both geatlemen well
enough to state upon the authority of both that
the secretary is to receive from the minister
$2,500 per annum for . his services. By pro-
viding that the interpreter shall act as secre-
tary of legation we deprive the minister of the
services of the secretary whom he has engaged.
When the amount appropriated will not be
increased, why is not the gentleman willing to
make the division of the service?
Mr. ORTH. I rise to oppose theamendment
of the gentleman from. California, [Mr. Sab-
gent.] The law establishing the Chinese
mission provides for the office of secretary of
legation and interpreter, and fixes the salary
at $5,000. Under that provision of law a very
worthy gentleman, Dr.. Williams, has acted for
many years, in fact from the establishment of
the mission to the present time, as secretary
of legation and interpreter. The amendments
which the Committee on Appropriations have
authorized the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Kei.sey] to propose is simply in conformity
with the law establishing the Chinese mission.
I am very well aware, Mr. Chairman, that the
present minister to China, Governor Lowe, of
California, desired to have an assistant secre-
tary of legation, and the gentleman whom he
selected for that position, a citizen of Maine, I
believe, and a very clever gentleman, so far as I
can judge from appearances, came before the
Committee on Foreign Affairs and urged our
committee to adopt the recommendation of
Minister Lowe. We had the matter before us
for some time, but we saw no reason whatever
for recommending to this House the establish-
ment of an additional office to be held by this
gentleman. I understand that this private sec-
retary of Minister Lowe was very anxious to
go to China, and has gone there with him; but
he went without any pledge, expressed or im-
plied, that the office should be created for his
special benefit. On the contrary, the vote ofthe
Committee on Foreign AfFairs was unanimously
against the proposition.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether a secretary of legation to the
Chinese mission has been appointed by the
proper authorities ?
Mr. ORTH. Yes, sir;- Dr. Williams is now
in possession of the office. He is a very worthy
gentleman, and has, in fact, acted as minister
to China for at least one fourth of the time he
has been there. The effect of the amendment
of the gentleman from Maine would be simply
to legislate out of office a gentleman who has
resided for twenty years in China, who is per-
fectly familiar with the language as well as the
laws and customs of the country, and who in ,
the discharge of the duties pertaining to his
office is of more service than any man we
could send there. The effect of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine would be
to deprive the Government of his services by |
reducing the salary from $5,000, as fixed by
the existing law, to $3,000. I hope, there-
fore, the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. PETERS. I withdraw my pro forma
amendment to the amendment.
- Mr. SARGENT. I suggest that all the
amendments be withdrawn until we reach the
paragraph which provides for the salary of the
interpreter to the legation to China.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
all the amendments will be considered as with-
drawn.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read as follows:
For Balary of the interpreter to the legation to
China, $3,009.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend by insert-
ing before the word "interpreter" the words
"secretary of legation acting as," and by
striking out "three" and inserting " five;" so
that the paragraph will read, " for salary of
the secretary of legation acting as interpreter
to the legation to Cnina, $5,000." I offer this
amendment by direction of the committee. It
is in accordance with a suggestion from the
State Department, and is in conformity with
the provisions of the existing law.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the amendment will
be agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I naove to amend the
amendment by adding to the paragraph as
proposed to be amended the following:
But where the secretary is not interpreter he shall
receive $2,000, and the interpreter ยง3,000.
Mr. Chairman, there is no reason atall under
the statute why this division should not be
made. The amendment simply contemplates
a restoration of what was the normal position
of this matter. The consolidation of the two
offices was merely the exception.
Mr. BANKS. I object to the amendment
as not in order. It proposes new legislation,
and is in conflict with existing law.
Mr. SARGENT. It does not propose any
new legislation in conflict with existing law.
The statute contains simply a provision that
there shall be   secretary and an interpreter,
and that where the two officers are united the
pay shall be $5,000.
Mr. BANKS. I call attention to the pro-
vision of the statute. The last clause of the
first section of the net to regulate the diplo-
matic and consular systems is as follows :
Provided, That the compensation of the secretary
of legation to China, acting as interpret or, shall bo
at the rate of $5,030; and if not acting aa buuh, at
the rate of $3,000.
Mr. SARGENT. Very well, then ; in order
that the amendment may conform to the
statute I modify it so as to make the salary
of the secretary of legation $3,000, and that of
the interpreter ยง2,000. Now, the object evi-
dently of tlie statute was that these two officers
should be separate ; but if it became necessary
for the business of the Government the rulo
was fixed by which they might be united. I do
not understand that rule so given is so far an
exception here that it becomes a general rule,
and we are compelled in our appropriations
hereafter to conform to it. There may be cir-
cumstances, as for instance in reference to the
gentleman referred to by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Obth,] where we have voted
that this person should have these $-3,000, in
order that his services might be secured to the
Government when these two offices should be
united; but such is not the case where that
secretary of legation is unsuitable to the min-
ister resident. It should not be against his
own judgment, where from the personal con-
nection and confidence he should prefer to
have the assistance of another individual. If
this gentleman referred to, and who belongs
to the clerical profession, is so useful in China,
having lived there for twenty years, and during
one fourth of the time has received the whole
pay of a minister, and during a larger portion
of the time $5,000 a year, it may be that he
should be appointed minister to China and we
should dispense with Mr. Low. But while the
Government, exercising its own discretion on
this subject, has sent Mr. Low as a minister to
China, it seems to me his desires in some
degree should be consulted in regard to the
appointment of his secretary of legation. We
should not force upon him at any rate a fossil,
a man who has been there for twenty years,
who, it seems, is to be continued in this office
as long as he lives. I cannot consent to it. It
seems to me we should make the appropria-
tion in the language of the statute and en-
able the Government to divide or unite these
amounts as it sees fit. Without the amend-
ment, with the modification I propose, the
Government can have no choice in the matter j
but the State Department will be compelled
to employ one man for both offices and pay
him $5,000.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman think
we can obtain a proper interpreter for less
than $3,000?
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir j I do not think
it will be difficult.
Mr. AXTELL. And for much less.
Mr. SARGENT. I think you can find com-
petent men in San Francisco, clerks in Amer-
ican houses or Chinese houses, who speak
English and Chinese with equal facility, whose
services could be obtained in China, or in-
duced to go to China, for probably $1,500 a
year. I think I am not extravagant in that
Statement.
Mr. DAWES. This gentleman has occu-
pied this position as interpreter for a long
number of years.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. I object to the amendment as
changing the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order. The Clerk will read the
proviso in the statute, from Statutes-at-Large,
volume eleven, page 52.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That the compensation of the secretary
ofthe legation to China, acting as interpreter, shall
be at the rate of $5,000, and it* not acting as asuch, at
the rate of $3,000; and that of the secretary ot lega-
tion to Turkey, acting as dragoman, al the rato at
$3,(W0. and if not acting as such, at the rate ol J^uUu
per annum.
