536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
morial of the Ladies' Seaman's Friend Society
of San Francisco.
By Mr. SAWYER: A memorial of 42 cit-
izens of Harrisville, Wisconsin, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of Isaac Stephenson and
40 others, citizens of Oconto county, "Wiscon-
sin, praying for the passage of the Sturgeon
bay and Lake Michigan ship-canal and harbor
of refuge bill.
Also, a memorial of owners and masters
of lake steamers and vessels, for the establish-
ment of a light-house at Ahnepee, Kewaunee
county, Wisconsin.
Also, the memorial of J. M. Smith and 9G
others, citizens of Green Bay, Wisconsin, ask-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Mrs.
M. M. Stiekney, claiming half pay due her
father as one of the officers in the Army of the
Revolution.
By Mr. SLOCUM: A petition of citizens of
New York, for removal of tax on the manu-
facture of books.
By Mr. SMITH, of Ohio: A petition of citi-
zens of Clermont county, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Brown county,
Ohio, for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Clinton
county, Ohio, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Highland
county, Ohio, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Highland
county, Ohio, who were soldiers in the war of
1812, asking that pensions, bounties, &c., be
granted to the surviving soldiers of said war.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: The petition of
George W. Dickinson and 232 others, citizens
of Clarence, Cedar county, Iowa; of Charles
Everts and 42 others, citizens of Dixon, Scott
county, Iowa; and of S. Coburn and 38 others,
citizens of Wyoming, Jones county, Iowa—all
asking for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of Robert Palmer and others, of Noank, Con-
necticut, shipbuilders, asking for a repeal of
tax on ship-building material.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petition of George
A. Putnam and 69 others, citizens of Lynde-
borough, New Hampshire, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. STOKES; A petition in the case of
' Aaron Dove.
By Mr. STOUGHTON: The petition of
Hon. Warren Chapman, Hon. A. II. Mor-
rison, and over 200 others, citizens and busi-
ness men of St. Joseph, Michigan, asking for
an appropriation of $80,000 for the improve-
ment of the harbor at that place.
Also, the petition of T. E. Clapp, D. P.
Hamilton, and many others, citizens of White
Pigeon, Michigan, asking for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Andrew Longstreet,
N. B. McKenney, and many others, citizens
of Lawton, Michigan, asking for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of D. B. Purinton, R. F.
Mockeridge, and many others, citizens of Cold-
water, Michigan, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. TOWNSEND: A petition of va-
rious manufacturing companies and iron man-
ufacturers, concerning Commissioner Wells's
report, so far as it concerns pig-iron.
Also, the petition of Samuel Riddle and
others, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. TRIMBLE: The petition of W. W.
Jenkins, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of W. H. Penn and others,
to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of G. W. Shervell and
others, for modification of the franking privilege. I
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petition and
memorial of Mary A. Kensenger, Mary A. Fry,
Elizabeth Bray, Albira Treat, and Charity
Hart.
_ By Mr. UPSON : The petition of Ann Mc-
Iiale, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Helen A. M. Edwards,
for a pension.
Also, the petition of Morris R. Hughes, for
arrears of pension.
Also, a resolution of the Board of Trade of
Cleveland, Ohio, asking Congress to authorize
the Secretary of War to provide for taking
meteorological observations in the interior and
transmitting the results thereof to the lake and
Atlantic ports.
Also, a resolution of the Board of Trade of
Cleveland, Ohio, in favor of admitting timber,
lumber, materials for ship-building, and wood
for fuel free of duty.
Also, the petition of George Stanley and 38
others, citizens of Summit county, Ohio, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of H. B. Boynton and 93
others, citizens of Cuyahoga county, Ohio, on
the same subject.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
A memorial of the Hamilton Woolen Com-
pany, of Southbridge, Massachusetts, praying
authority to sue in the Court of Claims for the
refunding of certain moneys due under the
act of Congress, March 3,1863, and conferring
juridiction thereof on said court.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Lucy Weisley, of
Deerfield, Massachusetts, asking fora pension.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Olive S. Snow,
of Massachusetts, praying for a pension.
By Mr. WHITTEMORE: A petition of the
citizens of Marlborough county, South Caro-
lina, asking the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio : The petition of
E. Deletombe, and 45 others, citizens of Gallip-
olis, Ohio, praying for the passage of a law
abolishing the franking privilege.
By Mr. WOODWARD: Three petitions of
citizens of Wilkesbarre, Pennsylvania, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of Mary
M. Nye, widow of Benjamin F. Nye, late of
company I, fifty-fifth Ohio volunteer infantry,
for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Charles Camp and 38
others, citizens of Homerville, Medina county,
Ohio, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Daniel C.Martin and
92 others, citizens of Reedsburg and vicinity,
Wayne county, Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of Jacob Schlandieker,
asking to be reimbursed for moiety due under
internal revenue laws.
Also, the petition of George W. Traner,
asking compensation for furnishing materials
and building barracks and stables in Paola and
other places in Kansas, under certain con-
tracts.
By Mr._ WELLS: A memorial from the
letter-carriers stationed at St. Louis, for an in-
creased salary.
By Mr. WHEELER : The petition of John
Mills, father of John Mills, private in first
Kansas infantry, and killed at the battle of
Wilson's creek.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 18, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
recommending an appropriation for the pur-
chase of the buildings on David's Island, East
river, New York, formerly an army hospital,
by the Treasury Department for marine hos-
pital purposes"; which was referred to tho
Committee on Appropriations.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON. I present a petition of sev-
eral citizens of Westborough, Massachusetts,
in favor of the abolition of the miscalled frank-
ing privilege, but which should be called the
frankiDg burden. I move its reference to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a petition ol
citizens of the United States, praying the rec-
ognition of the independence of Cuba; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
He also presented a petition of Richard
Wohlfarth and others, citizens of Minnesota,
praying the enactment of laws to provide for
an increased and elastic volume of currency
to the extent of $300,000,000 ;' which' was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Jeannette
0' Connor, praying payment for property taken
from her by persons in the military service of
the United States in the years 1862, 1863, and
1864 ; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also presented a petition of First Lieu-
tenant John P. Story, twelfth infantry, late of
the thirty-fourth infantry, United States Army,
praying Congress to pass a joint resolution au-
thorizing the President of the United States to
appoint him a captain in the infantry, United
States Army, to rank as such from September
10, 1807, of which position he claims to have
been unjustly deprived ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of George C.
Bates, Thomas Hoyne, and others, citizens of
the United States, in favor of the recommend-
ation of the President of the United States, in
his recent annual message, that the salaries of
the justices of the Supreme Court be advanced
to the same extent that the two Houses of Con-
gress have advanced their own; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
_ Mr. CARPENTER. I also present a peti-
tion of citizens of Rock county, Wisconsin,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege. Every mail brings me from my con-
stituents about twenty letters demanding
documents to be sent to them under frank,
and about three petitions to have the franking
privilege abolished.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of J.
Henry Williams, who prays that he he refunded
the duties on certain goods destroyed by fire
in the city of New York ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY. I am charged with and
have the honor to present a memorial elabor-
ately drawn and numerously signed by adopted
citizens of the United States representing a
colonization of Germans. They set forth in
their memorial that the opening of railroads
to the mountains of the United States has
brought to view desirable tracts of land upon
which they would be glad to settle; but that
the lands are unsurveyed and they are not able
to settle under the preemption and homestead
laws of 'the United States, because until the
lands are surveyed they are not in the land
offices so that they can file and make their
locations. They also set forth that even though
homestead _ settlers get the lands at a mere
nominal price, still the expenses incident to
that settlement are beyond the reach of ordinary
poor men at such a remote distance from the
eastern cities. This company is called '"the
German Company of Colfax," and they pro-
pose to settle in Fremont county, in the Ter
ritory of Colorado. While I am in favor both
of the name and the object that this coloniza
