2792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
ing of the ballot-box daring the voting, and
removal of one or more ballots therefrom; but,
as in the preceding ease, no evidence has been
furnished to the committee to sustain the allega-
tion ; the return is not impeached, and is there-
fore legally entitled to be received, and the
votes counted in determining the result of the
election.
These several returns made by the commis-
sioners of election of the votes cast at their
respective polls, being in accordance with law,
and duly in evidence, are sufficient in law to
be eomputed for the respective candidates, and
■which being done the grand total vote of the
district will stand thus-:
Votes.
For Louis Si. Martin     15,407
For J. H. Sypher.      3,080
Being a majority for Louis St. Martin of. 12,327
But this computation excludes the returns
from poll No. 3, precinct No. 10, in Orleans,
and precincts Nos. 4, 7, 8, and 9, in Plaque-
mine, at which in the aggregate 652 votes
were cast for Mr. St. Martin and 70 votes for
Mr. Sypher. These are only referred to in
order to indicate to the House the entire vote
cast in the district. I may here remark that
I do not propose now to discuss the eligibility
of Mr. St. Martin. That point stands pre-
judged, and nothing I can say now will reverse
that condition. Yet I may express the per-
sonal belief that Mr. St. Martin, upon a lib-
eral and reasonable construction of the law
and Constitution, is not ineligible. But the
question now to be decided is this: did the
people elect Mr. Sypher? Do they want him
to represent them here ? I answer no, never.
In addition to the official returns to which I
have already referred, as they are stated and
tabulated by the Governor, I want the House
also to remember that the testimony which
was taken by the sub-committee, of which I
had the misfortune to be a member, in New
Orleans during last May and June, conclu-
sively shows that numerous other precincts
were rejected by the Governor which ought
to have been counted, by the aggregate result
of which Mr. St. Martin had a clear ma-
jority of the votes cast of 12,327. Of all the
votes cast Mr. Sypher received but 3,080—I
mean of all the votes cast which the evidence
shows ought to be counted. There were other
votes cast which were not counted for either of
these gentlemen. There were four precincts
iu Plaquemine parish and one poll in the par-
ish of Orleans at which there were cast for
Mr. St. Martin C52 additional votes, and 70 for
Mr. Sypher. Therefore, upon the entire vote
of the district, Mr. St. Martin received a vote
of 16,059 and Mr. Sypher a vote of 3,150.
By every principle of law and common decency
and common morality, Mr. St. Martin is enti-
tled to occupy the seat here to which he was
elected. He is the choice of the district by a
triumphant majority. His competitor comes
here under the emphatic condemnation of
those people.
There is another most material fact which I
trust gentlemen of the majority here remember
to-day, and hold it to be their imperative duty
to let it govern them in this case; and that is
the great fact that the total registration in this
district, which was made preparatory to this
very election, u«der the supervision of Repub-
lican officers, under a Republican Governor,
was 29,922. And of that total registration
19,209 voted, as 1 have already stated, and of
that total registration 10,713, about one third
of the entire registration, did not vote. One
half of that entire registration would be 14,961.
And of that entire registration Mr. St. Martin
received 15,407 votes, excluding the 652 votes
in the irregular precincts; or 446 votes more
than a clear majority of the entire registration
of the entire first congressional district of the
State of Louisiana.
But the Majority of the Committee of Elec-
tions reject various portions of the votes east
in this district. They admit the following:
Sypher. St. Martin.
Parish of St. Taminany. (page
578, part 2)  471 703
Parish of Livingston, (page 578,
part 2)   149 670
Parish of Plaguemine, (page
576* part 2)  1.330 ' 272
Algiers, (page 577, part 2)  780 137
Algiers, (poll 1, precinct 1)  119 609
St. Helena, (poll 1, precinct 5,
Amite)  134 236
2,983 2,627
2,627
Majority for Sypher  356
Taking this statement, it follows that the
number of voters registered in the district being
29,922, and the number registered in the por-
tion represented in the proposition being 7,562,
(about 25 per cent, of the whole registry,) and
the number voting in the whole district being
19,209, and the number voting in the portion
of the district represented in the proposition
being 5,610, (about 30 per cent, of the whole
vote,) it follows that contestant's proposition
amounts to disfranchising 75 per cent, of the
constituency registered and entitled to partici-
pate in the selection of a Representative, and
to repudiating 70 per cent, of the votes cast in
a lawful manner at a lawful election. In
other words, it is claimed by the majority of
of the committee that so much of the district
shall be rejected, and their votes not be con-
sidered at all, as are nececsaryto afford a pre-
text for the admission of Mr. Sypher. The
parts of the parishes proposed to be rejected
contained a total registration, preparatory to
this election, of 22,360, one half of which was
11,180. Now, Mr. St. Martin received 12,780
votes of that registration, or 1,600 votes more
than an actual majority of all the votes regis-
tered in these alleged disorderly portions of
the parishes.
Therefore, viewed in every possible way, in
every light in which it is possible to examine
this case, striking off all you will, considering
just what you will, rejecting just such parishes
as you will, accepting such as you will—in every
view Mr. Louis St. Martin has received a tri-
umphant majority of the whole registration, and
Mr. Sypher only 3,150 votes out of 29,922;
and Mr. Sypher is not upon any principle or
upon any decision of this House entitled to
this seat, unless you mean to reverse the prin-
ciples of the Government and give control to
the minority over the majority. It may be
claimed that some of the votes to which I ap-
peal to establish these results were not legally
certified or returned. That is true, but still
the votes were cast, and that is sufficiently in
evidence. And they are only referred to for
the purpose of showing that so many votes
were in fact cast in the district, not as claim-
ing their absolute legal regularity on a contest,
but as demonstrating the relative weakness of
Mr. Sypher in the district.
Before I answer other points that were made
by my colleague, I want to make good this
statement. I say that this action, if it be exe-
cuted in the spirit in which my colleague de-
mands it, will be the first deliberate, inten-
tional outrage, alike upon the fundamental
principles of representation in this country and
upon the Constitution of the country, upon the
supreme law of this House. This House, Mr.
Speaker, is not yet a law unto itself; and the
majority in this House ought to remember that
they are not yet elevated so high, are not yet
so far beyond the reach of retributive justice
at the bar of a just but outraged public judg-
ment, as to violate every principle of law and
decency with impunity. The very foundation
principle of representative government is that
the majority shall rule, that the majority shall
have representation, and not the minority, and
that the majority shall not be disfranchised or
deprived of this sacred right by any trick of
place-hunters, or pretense of partisans that
their friends were intimidated or made afraid
to vote. It must appear that if their friends
had voted they woald have had a majority, and
that they were prevented from Voting by supe-
rior force on the day of election and after a
reasonable effort to cast their ballots. .
Mr. VOOBHEES. Will my colleague yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. KERB. Certainly. ;
Mr. VOOBHEBS. I am reluctant to inter-
rupt the gentleman; and if he is pressed for
time, I will not do so. My only object is to
have a clear understanding upon one or two
points. I did desire to make some remarks
on this question, but the time is too limited.
I wish simply to put two or three inquiries to
my colleague. If I understand his statements
and argument, the registration in Louisiana
preceding this election was under "the control
of the Governor.
Mr. KERB. It was everywhere under the
control of the Governor and other Republican
officers. '
Mr. VOOBHEES. The Republican party
was in the ascendency, and had the control of
all the executive offices?
Mr. KERR. Yes, sir. It was and is in full
possession of the State government. Bat it
never had an honest majority in the State.
Mr. VOOBHEES. And they were-satisfied
with the registration?
Mr. KERB. They never complained. It
was made in their interest.
Mr. VOORHEES. And what majority of
the registered votes did Mr. St. Martin obtain ?
Mr. KEBB A majority of 446 upon the
entire registered vote of -the district, five pre-
cincts being rejected.
Mr. STEVENSON. That is disputed.
Mr. KEBB. On the vote of the whole dis-
trict, Mr. St. Martin would have had a majority
of 12,327 in the entire district.
Mr. VOOBHEES. Is there any- evidence
that anybody was compelled to vote for him.
that did not want to do so ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly; there is such
evidence as to thousands.
Mr. VOOBHEES. One question further.
I understand that after this election, which was
held under a registration made by Republican
officials, the Bepublican Governor of Louisiana,
Governor Warmoth, certified that Mr. St.
Martin was legally elected and gave him his
certificate.
Mr. STEVENSON. No; he did not. The
certificate is imperfect.
Mr. VOOBHEES. I am putting the inquiry
to my colleague, [Mr. Kerb.]
Mr. KERB. The Governor certified that
Mr. St. Martin was elected by a majority of
9,566. There is no evidence that any consid-
erable number, over twenty or thirty, were com-
pelled to vote for Mr. St. Martin against their
voluntary choice.
Mr. VOOBHEES. Those are the points
upon which I wished to make inquiry, that they
might be presented distinctly to my own mind
as well as to the House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I now demand the pre-
vious question, giving notice that of the hour
to which I shall be entitled after the previous
question has been seconded I intend to yield
forty-five minutes to the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Kerr.]
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle
™an from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] is now enti-
tied to one hour to close the debate.
Mr. STEVENSON. I yield forty-five min-
utes to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr.]
Mr. KERR. Before the matter escapes my
memory I wish to correct a statement of fact
1Ii re^erence-the certificate by the Governor
of the election of Mr. St. Martin. In giving
this certificate the Governor rejected certain
parishes} thereby reducing to 653 votes the
