5624
fM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
Mr. CASSERLY. The question is on taking
up the bill to which I have Called attention;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Missouri, to proceed to the consideration of
executive bnsiness.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 19, noes 10 ; no quorum voting.
M . S A. WYE R called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 22, nays 10; as follows :
i YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bar em an, Buckingham,
Cameron,Chandler, Conkling, Corbett, Drake, Fow-
ler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Scott, Sponsor, Stew-
art. Trumbull, Williams, and Wilson—22.
HAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Penton,
Harlan, Harris,Howell, McCreery, McDonald, Pratt,
Rice, Sawyer, Sprague, Sumner, Thayer, and Tip-
ton—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,
Carpenter, C&ttell, Cole, Cragin, Edmunds, Perry,
Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Howard,
Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Revels, Robertson,
Saulsbury. Schurz, Sherman, Stockton, Thurman,
Vickers, Warner, Willey, and Yates—33.
So the motion was agreed to.
l. p. larkin
Mr. McDONALD. I desire while the doors
are being closed to have the Senate concur
in an amendment to a bill of the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection? The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. McDONALD. It is House bill No.
520.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
by unanimous consent, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. It. No. 520) for the relief of L. F.
Larkin, of Weldon, North Carolina. It pro-
vides for the allowance of $198 88, to L. F.
Larkin, postmaster at Weldon, North Caro-
lina, to reimburse him for losses sustained by
the robbery of his office of stamps, &c.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with an amendment,
to add the following proviso :
Provided That it shall be proven satisfactorily to
the Postmaster General that stamps and funds be-
longing to the Post Office Department were stolen,
and that the said L. F. Larkin was guilty of no neg-
ligence in the custody thereof.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report in that
case?
Mr. McDONALD. There is a report. It
was fully considered by the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
executive session.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire the consent of
the Senate to allow me to bring up the bill
(II. II. No. 1115) for the relief of Robert
Brig'nam, late postmaster at Franklin, Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. DRAKE. Are we not in executive
session?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The doors
are being closed.
Mr. DRAKE. I insist that the order of the
Senate shall be executed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The doors
will be closed, and the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business, and remained in execu-
tive session till half past two o'clock p.
While the doors were closed the following
legislative business was transacted :
indian appropriation bill.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House non-concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2413)
making appropriations to enable the President
to pay Certain annuities to and preserve the
peace with the various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes,
asked for a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Henry L. Dawes of Massachusetts, Mr.
William B. Allison of Iowa, and Mr. William
S. Holmast of Indiana, managers at the same
on its part.
On the motion of Mr. HARLAN, the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
bill (EL R. No. 2413) making appropriations
to enable the President to pay certain annuities
to and preserve the peace with the various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1871, and for othei1 purposes, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it .was
Revolved, That, tho Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That t.be conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by tho President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Harlan, Mr. Pomeroy, and Mr. Davis.
congressional printer.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the resolution
of the Senate, directing that committee to
inquire into the conduct of the Congressional
Printer, submitted a report thefeon; which,
together with the views of the minority of the
committee, was ordered to be printed.
pneumatic tube to printing office.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
liefiolvcd,. That tho Committee on Printing bo in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of connect-
ing the Capitol and tho Congressional Printing Office
with a pneumatic tube for the conveyance of mes-
sages and small parcels, and the expense thereof.
withdrawal of papers
On motion of Mr. ABBOTT, it was
Ordered, That L. M. Black, M. H. Insley, and
Phillips & Freeland havu leave to withdraw papers
iiled by them with tho Committee on Territories.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 952) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting lands to the State of Oregon to aid
in the construction of a military wagon road
from Albany, Oregon, to the eastern boundary
of said State."
The message also announced that the House
had passed the concurrent resolution of the
Senate to print extra copies of the report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
with an amendment, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a concurrent resolution to print
extra copies of the report of the Commissioner
of Education on instruction in Europe.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (II. R. No. 2416)
donating the Chattahoochee arsenal to the
State of Florida for educational purposes, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
extension of tub session.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, the
Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Harlan yesterday, to extend
the session until Saturday, July 16, at twelve
o'clock, m.; and the resolution was amended
and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the hour fixed by the concur-
rent resolution of the two Houses ot the 20th of May
for tho adjournment of the present session of Con-
gress, be extended to two o'clock p. m. this day.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions,
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 2248) for the relief of
Charles Steedman, commodore United States
Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 1781) for the relief of
Francis M. Strong and Thomas Ross;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 211) for the set-
tlement of the accounts of Charles C. Upham,
late paymaster in the Navy, deceased.;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 291) -for the
relief of chief engineers George Sewell and
William H. Shock, of the Navy;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 384) relative to
the pay of the Capitol police and watchmen; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No 123) allowing
late acting ensign George M. Smith a share in
certain prizes captured by the United States
steamer Aries.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions:
An act (S. No. 73) for the relief of the
trustees of Albert G. Sloo ;
An act (S. No. 270) for the relief of Mrs.
Margaret A. Laurie;
An act (S. No. 380) to authorize the refund-
ing of the national debt;
An act (S. No. 881) to amend the act to
incorporate the National Academy of Sciences;
An act (S. No. 1018) authorizing the estab-
lish ment of water-meters for the Potomac water,
the laying of an additional water-main from
the distributing reservoir of the Washington
aqueduct, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 1021) in amendment of the act
entitled "An act establishing a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States;"
An act (S. No. 1034) to relieve A. E. Rey-
nolds from civil and political disabilities ;
An act (S. No. 1050) for the relief of the
third Arkansas cavalry;
An act (S. No. 1057) to remove the legal
and political disabilities of M. C. Butler, of
South Carolina;
An act (S. No. 1060) repealing an act grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Ernestine Becker;
An act (S. No. 1007) to remove all legal and
political disabilities from George H. Bier, of
Maryland ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 40) authorizing
the Secretary of War to take charge of the
Gettysburgand Antietam National Cemeteries;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 200) for the relief
of Captain John Faunce and others, officers of
the revenue-cutter Harriet Lane ;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 207) authorizing
the Postmaster General to continue to use in
the postal service a certain invention and device
for the postmarking of mail packages, and for
the more permanent cancellation of postage
stamps, and to make a just and equitable com-
pensation for the past and future use of the
same by the Post Office Department;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 215) granting
condemned ordnance for a soldiers' monument
at Providence, Rhode Island, and at Bucks-
port, in the State of Maine;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 233) authorizing
the Secretary of War to donate certain build-
ings to the Saint Aloysins Relief Society of
Washington, District of Columbia;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 243) in regard
to grading the streets in the vicinity of the
Capitol;
Jont resolution (S. R. No. 247) directing
the Secretary of War to place at the disposal
of the President certain bronze ordnance, to
aid in the erection of an equestriau statue of
General John A Rawlins;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 248) granting
condemned cannon for the erection of a sol-
diers' monument at Omaha, Nebraska ;
An act (S. No. 1047) to extend letters-patent
granted to John Baehelder :
