4680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
try suffer nothing by it. I need only call atten-
tion to the following appropriations to prove
this fact:
Supervising inspectors of steam vessels;
For carrying out the provisions of the acts of the
30th of August, 1852, for the better protection of tho
lives of passengers on vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam, and of the acts amendatory thereof,
the following sums, namely:
For salaries of fifty-nine local inspectors of steam
vessels, and clerk in local offices at New York and
New Orleans, $56,300,
For ten supervising inspectors of steam vessels,
nine at $2,000 each and one at $2,500, $20,500.
For special agent of tho Department, $2,190.
For contingent expenses, namely: traveling ex-
penses of ten supervising inspectors, at not to exceed
£800 in any one year, each, $8,000.
For traveling expenses of fifty-nine local inspect-
ors, $15,000.
For traveling expenses of tho special agent of tho
Department, £1,400.
For expenses of the meeting of the board of super-
vising inspectors, including travel and noecssary
incidental expenses and printing of manual and
report, $4,000.
For stationery, furniture for offices, and repairs of
same, transportation of instruments, fuel, lights, and
miscellaneous itoms, $10,000.
For the revenue-cutter service I find that
there is appropriated nearly one million five
hundred thousand dollars. Sufficient might be
deducted from this item alone to make the
appropriation I propose. I might give many
other illustrations from this bill to show where
deductions could be made sufficient for the
appropriation I ask without any injury to the
country. Has not the preservation of life and
property greater claims upon us than the ob-
jects of appropriation to which I have referred
and many others to which I might call atten-
tion in this bill ?
Mr. Chairman, I desire to state before taking
my seat that I offer this amendment in the
interest of humanity, and not in the interest of
polities or politicians. The superintendent of
the life-saving stations on the New Jersey coast
and the keepers, so far as I know, belong to
the dominant party of this House. My own
opinion is that there should be no party about
it, but practical and reliable surfmen should
be appointed to these positions, and the pro-
tection to life and property would be far greater.
Mr. DAWES. On the New England coast
the men who man these life boats do it gratui-
tously, though they receive rewards for merit-
orious services. On the coast further down
they are paid for special services from time to
time, never being paid by the month while
waiting for storms. The bill appropriates
exactly what has been recommended by those
who have the management and superintendence
of this matter, and who know the necessities
of the service.
Mr. HAIGHT. The gentleman will allow
me to suggest that the New England coast is
very different from the New Jersey coast.
Mr. DAWES. I know it is.
Mr. HAIGHT. The people upon the New
J ersey coast are ready and willing to give the
same gratuitous services, but in many places
they are distant from eight to ten miles from
the beach. I can say to the gentleman from
Massachusetts that the surfmen upon the coast
of New Jersey, the most of whom are fisher-
men, are as brave, as gallant, as self-sacrificing
a set of men as those upon the New England
or any other coast.
Mr. DAWES. I believe it.
Mr. HAIGHT. €5ut they live on the main-
land, which is isolated from the beach by bays
and rivers, and it is impossible for them to
render assistance as readily as those on the
New England coast,
Mr. MAYNAIID. The gentleman from New
Jersey will allow me to inquire whether these
persons do not very largely receive compensa-
tion by wrecks and waifs, by part of vessels
and their cargoes?
Mr. HAIGHT. I will state to the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] that
formerly they did; but now they do not. The
Board of Underwriters ofthecity of New York,
and the insurance companies interested in ves-
sel property, have established atelegraph along
the coast and appointed agents on the shore.
As soon as a wreck occurs or a vessel is stranded
the parties interested are notified, and in most
of cases in less than five hours a boat is sent
from New York to the scene of disaster and
the wreck and cargo taken in charge for the
use and benefit of the parties interested; so
far as the surfmen are concerned they do not
receive any benefit at all. The establishment
of these station-houses are of no pecuniary
benefit to them. I have already said in the
course of this discussion that the station-house
keeper appointed at $200 a year, even if he
remains at his post all the time, can do noth-
ing in case of a wreck without the assistance
of others. He must go to the mainland for
assistance to control and manage the life-car.
Often at this period of the year the keeper
cannot procure aid, and the wrecked perish.
Mr. DAWES. I believe I have the floor,
and I must object to the gentleman from Now
Jersey holding the floor to the exclusion of all
discussion on the other side.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I should like to ask the
gentleman from New Jersey whether the Board
of Underwriters or the insurance companies do
not reward these bay men?
Mr. HAIGHT. I believe they do nothing of
the kind. Before any law was passed or any
appropriations were made by Congress there
was in existence, 1 believe, in the city of New
York a benevolent association who sometimes
gave medals for bravery and gallantry in sav-
ing life and property on the coast.
Mr. DAWES. Idemandavoteon the prop-
osition.
Mr. HAIGITT. I doubt if there is a quo-
rum present. I will not call for tellers if the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
will give us a vote on it in the House.
Mr. DAWES. If I begin to do this on tho
first leaf of the bill we will never get through
with it.
Mr. HAIGHT. There is no quorum pres-
ent; but I must insist upon a vote by tellers
unless the gentleman from Massachusetts will
consent to a vote in the House by ayes and
noes on my amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot consent.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 40, noes 27 ; no quorum voting.
The CIIAIIIMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Haigiit and Mr.
Dawes.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 53, noes 08.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For repairs and outfits, $150,000: Provided, That
the limitation in tile provision relating to revenuc-
autters in the act making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending Juno 30, 1870, and for otiiei purposes, ap-
proved March1869, of the number to four, is hereby
removed: Provided, That no expense shall be in-
curred in excess of tho appropriation of $300,000:
And provided also, That said euttors may bo con-
structed and used as the service may require without
regard to the limitations contained in said act.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I move to insert at the |
end of the paragraph just read the following: j
And provided further. That the provision in the j
act making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government lor tho year ending June
30,1869, and for other purposes, requiring that five
of the six steam revenue-cutters stationed upon the
northern and northwestern lakes should be laid up,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed : and tho same,
or so many of them as the Secretary of the Treasury
in his discretion shah order to bo put in commission,
shall be specially charged, in addition to their other
duties, to give aid to vessels in distress upon said
lakes.
Mr. DAWES. T rise to a point of order.
Mr. CHURCHILL. As the amendment does
not in point of fact increase theappropriation,
1 hope the chairman will not insist upon his
point of order. All parties interested in the
commerce of the lakes are united in this.
The CHAIRMAN. The chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move, in line fifty seven,
to strike out the words "of the number to
four," and in line fifty-two, after the word
"limitation" to insert, "of the number to
four so it will read, "that the limitation of
the number to four in the provision," &c. I
infer that the object of the proviso was to limit
the number of revenue-cutters to four, and
therefore I wish the words to convey just what
is meant.
Mr. WELKER. What is the limitation ?
Mr. MAYNARD. My recollection is that
the limitation of the law is to four; but this
removes the limitation.
Mr. CHURCHILL. It leaves the matter in
the discretion of the Secretary. And I rise to
a point of order that these provisos are all new
legislation, and therefore not in order to an
appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. This bill was introduced
under a suspension of the rules, and the gen-
tleman's point of order is, therefore, not ger-
mane. This provision was inserted in the bill
for this purpose: there was an appropriation
heretofore for building a certain number of
revenue-cutters of a certain size, but since that
provision was adopted engineers have been
perfecting plans and models for revenue-cut-
ters ; and the Secretary is of opinion that he
can make six revenue-cutters where he made
but four previously, at the same cost; and
for the purpose of being authorized so to do,
he sent down that proviso to us, making a lim-
itation that there should be no additional cost,
but at the same time enabling him to construct
an Additional number. I hope the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] will withdraw
his amendment. It changes the construction
of the proviso, and I would prefer that it should
remain just as it came to us.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think, as a matter of
construction, the change ought clearly to be
made. Bat, as the chairman of the committee
desires it, I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to hear the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Churchill] again read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add to line sixty-two the following:
And provided further, 'That the provision in the
act making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending Juno 3t),18(>9,
and for other purposes, requiring that five of the six
steam revenue-cutters stationed upon tho northern
and northwestern lakes should be laid up, be, and
tho hame is hereby, repealed, and the same, or so
many of them as the Secretary of the Treasury, in
his discretion, shall order to be put in commission,
shall be specially charged, in addition to their other
duties, to give aid to vcssols in distress upon said
lakes.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the point of order
which I took as against the gentleman's amend-
ment.
Mr. CHURCHILL. The revenue-cutters to
which reference is made in the amendment
cost $70,000 now per annum out of commis-
sion, as we learn from the report made by the
Secretary of the Treasury to Congress this win-
ter. The additional expenditure to the Treas-
ury, therefore, will be trifling, not to be com-
pared with the great advantage of putting these
vessels in commission.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman tell us what
they will cost in commission ?
Mr. CHURCHILL. While they were in
commission they cost from twenty-five to thirty
thousand dollars each. In other words, the five
cutters which are now out of commission cost,
during the last year in which they were in com-
mission, something under one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars. And it cost $70,000 last
year to take care of them while out of commis-
sion, as each of them has several officers on
board, and as there are various expenditures
connected with taking charge of them.
These vessels are not such as would be built
now for the revenue service if the Department
had the construction of them. At the same
time they are such as that they can render some
service in the collection of the revenue and
