1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3737
Mr. BANK8, Tk  Mcwt«rj of legation is !
to gvt $3,000 and the interpreter $2,000. The i
proposition here is to give the interpreter
$3.*>00.
Mr. SARGENT. As I originally proposed
the amendmeut it conforms to the statute. I
changed it because the gentleman stated it the
oth« r way. I modi lied it to meet the statute.
Mr. BANKS. The secretary of legation,
according to the statute, gets $8,000 if not
no ting ns interpreter. If he acts as interpreter
he gets $.1,000. The proposition here is to
give the interpreter $3,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not so
understand it. It reads, '• For salary of sec-
retary of legation, acting as interpreter to the
It'j-.ition, $5,000; but if not acting as such,
$;i,000. and as an interpreter, $2,000."
Mr. J C'DD. I hope the attention of the com-
mittee will be drawn carefully to this question
before them under this amendment. 1 should
haw no objection to vote an assistant secretary
of legation, if the present minister desires a
man with such personal relations to him as to
make intercourse pleasant; bat I say to adopt
a rale which will change the condition of things
in this mission, and substantially destroy the
usefulness of one of the most useful men con-
nected with it. would be utterly unwise. I refer
to Dr. Williams, of whom the gentleman from
California has spoken not very respectfully as
a fossil who has lived there for twenty years.
Mr. SARGENT. I stated that he was a
clerical gentleman who had been there for
twenty years, and to that extent a fossil.
Mr. JUDD. Whether the gentleman's lan-
guage was a reflection on the interpreter or
secretary I will not stop to say; bat 1 say the
manner in which the proposition is drawn does
convey to the committee the impression there
ie an old fossil there of no use or value to the
Government, and the design is to substitute a
young live man for the present secretary of
legation. Now, I will say that if Rev. Dr.
Williams, who has been interpreter there ever
since the mission was established, should act at
the same time as secretary, being thoroughly
conversant with the Chinese langnage and the
Chinese |>eople. he wonld be found as useful
an officer as the Government can possibly have
at that place. And I protest against the legis-
ts'ion which, by cutting down his salary, or
changing the form of the statates, should
destroy his usefulness, or sever him from the
legation. If there is any particular interest to
be served that is personal to the present minis-
ter, or if there is any particular gentleman
whom it is sought to serve, I will say to the
gentleman from California that I will make no
objection. But I do protest against this kind
of legislation which will destroy the position
of an extremely useful man, and to whom the
legation are indebted for a building within
which to shelter themselves. They have lived
in his house, and are to-day unable to hire
other premises than those they obtain from him.
Mr. SARGENT. The bill, as it now stands,
gives $">,000; while the secretaries of legation
t.  l/ondon and Paris receive $2,625 each.
Now, I would ask whether so much larger a
■am than those officers receive is a reasonable
sum to give to this gentleman?
Mr. JUDD. As I have been informed, the
outgoing minister and everybody else con-
nected with the mission in any way have sought
an increase of compensation on account of
the high rale of living in Pekin. And I have
formed my opinion, first, on those reports, and
secondly, from the fact that this salary has
been established and continued from the com-
mencement of the mission to the present time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order. I usk the Chair to look at a paragraph
in the first section of the consular and diplo-
niatic appropriation act of 1866, to which I
shall call Ins attention, and also to a paragraph
in the second section.
Mr. PETERS. That is not a point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask to have these para-
graphs read. Tlio point of order is, that as the
law now stands if one person discharges both
functions of secretary of legation and inter-
preter he is to have $5,000. If, however, the
secretary docs not act as interpreter, then by
law the interpreter is to have $5,000 and tho
secretary $3,000.
The Clerk read as follows, from the Statutes-
at-Large, volume eleven, page 52:
" Provided. That the compensation of the secretary
of tho legation to China, acting as interpreter, shall
be at the rate of $.">,000, but if not noting as such, at
tho rate of S3,000.
" Skc. 2. vtnrf he it further enacted, That the President
be, and in hereby, authorized to appoint for the lega-
tion to China an interpreter, when the (secretary of
legation shall not bo acting as such, who shall be enti-
tled to compensation at the rate of 85,000."
Mr. MAYNARD. The point of order is
that the latter clause of the amendment is in
violation of the second section of the statute,
because it reduces or seeks to reduce the salary
of the interpreter.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Aluson.) The Chair
overrules the point of order. The committee
may make another appropriation. It is com-
petent for the committee to change the appro-
priations for salaries.
Mr. SARGENT. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. PETERS. I renew jt. The proposi-
tion is not to ask any more money than the
bill appropriates, but that the minister may
divide that sum if he so elects. If we pass the
paragraph, as worded by the gentleman from
New York, without the amendment of the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. Sargent,] we
compel the minister to China to take Dr. Wil-
liams or Minister Williams, whether he is old
or young, fossil or new, as his secretary or as
his interpreter, whether he will or no.
Mr. ORTH. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a remark?
Mr. PETERS. With pleasure.
Mr. ORTH. This bill does not legislate Dr.
Williams into office nor keep him there. The
President of the United States may to-morrow
supersede hira.
Mr. PETERS. I understand that. But the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Orth] has here-
tofore stated that if the same person is to be
interpreter and also secretary probably no
other person can be obtained there competent
to fill both situations. My proposition is that
if yoa adopt the amendment of the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] yoa allow the
minister at the Court of Pekin to select his own
private secretary or public secretary, whatever
yon choose to call him, to make his own family
relations, and if he sees fit to keep Dr. Wil-
liams, because it is better for the pnblic service
to do so, he will keep him; he can keep him,
and let him do so. But if after he arrives on
the ground and looks over the situation—and
he is accompanied by a gentleman of cultiva-
tion and talent, who left the naval service for
the purpose. of accepting a situation under
him—he prefers to give the position to that
gentleman or some other person, and to keep
Dr. Williams as interpreter, I say he ought to
be allowed to do so. We ought not to fetter
and tie np the hands of the minister, but ought
to allow him to make his own selection of a
person to fill the secretaryship.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELSE Y. I hope we shall close debate
on this paragraph.
Mr. BANKS. Allow me a moment. The
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] is cer-
tainly mistaken insapposing that the secretary
< of legation is merely secretary to the minister.
Mr. PETERS. I did not say so.
! Mr. BANKS. He is secretary of legation
under the law, he has no personal connection
with the minister, and it is certainly not com-
petent for Congress to give the minister control
over the secretary of legation without the con-
sent of the Administration except by changing
the existing law, which cannot be done in an
appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWKS. I understood the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Peteiis] to say that this
arrangement proposed by liim and the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargent] is to lis a
place for a nice man who lias gone out there
for the purpose of having it.
Mr. PETERS. No, sir; I did not say that.
Mr. BANKS. I do not object to its being
fixed in that way, but it can only be done by
passing a new law.
Mr. SARGENT. We do not propose to
make any arrangement, but to break up an old
arrangement that has been made.
Mr. KELSEY. I now nsk unanimous con-
sent that debate may be closed on this para-
graph.
'1 here was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
Tho question was taken wpon the amend-
ment to the amendment offered by Mr. Sar-
gent; and it was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Keiv
sey'b amendment, and it was agreed to—ayes
eighty-one, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse
proper, and all contingent expenses of all missions
abroad, $50,000,
Mr. KELSEY. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the close of that paragraph:
Provided, That proper vouchers (hall hereafter in
all oases bo presented to the proper accounting offi-
cer of tho Treasury for any anil nil expenditures of
money hereby appropriated; and the certificate of
tho Presidont snail not in any case be deemed a
proper voucher unless the same shall be accompa-
nied by a full and accurate statement of the pur-
pose and object of making such expenditure, but
such statement shall not be published unless Con-
grass shall order it.
It will be observed that the Committee on
Appropriations have consolidated two items,
as Bet forth in the estimates, of $50,000 each,
and proposed to appropriate $60,000 for both
of them in this item. The item of contingent
expenses for foreign intercourse is the one
from which the secret-service money comes. I
commented on that the otter day somewhat at
length, and I do not propose to review it now.
I simply wish to call the attention of the com*
mittee to the fact that the contingent expenses
of all our missions abroad, aa audited and set-
tled at the Fifth Auditor's office daring the
last year, only amounted to $25,500 31. That
would leave $24,500 to be expended, in the
!! discretion of the President, far what has been
! known as secret-service money. Bat as I be-
lieve that we ought to have no such expendi-
ture of money, I propose to submit the ques-
tion to the committee whether they wiil not
require vouchers to be filed in the Treasury
Department for the expenditure of all this
money, although those vonchers shall not be
published except by order of Congress. A
great many abuses have crept into this class
of expenditures, and I propose to test the sense
of the House as to whether they desire that
system to be continued. Inasmuch as I ex-
plained this matter in my opening remarks
upon this bill, I do not desire to prolong the
I discussion upon it.
lj Mr. JUDD. I hope that when the gentleman
i managing this bill [Mr. KelsEy] attempts to
i reform what be regards as an abuse he will
call things by their right names, and put in his
amendment jnst exactly what he is aiming at.
Mr. KELSEY. I have done so.
Mr. JUDD. On® of my objections to his
amendment is that it covers the entire disburse-
ment of the contingents of all the legations.
Now, let me tell the gentleman that there is
no minister Bettled with who does not furnish
vouchers for every penny connected with his
expenditures.
Mr. KELSEY. That is exactly what I said
and I gave the amonnt they expended last year.
Mr. J UDD. Let me also say to the gentle-
man that he should exempt from the operation
