1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2793
majority of Mr. St. Martin. The difference is
not material so far as regards the principles or
real attitude of the case. But my first state-
ment was made upon the face of the certificate
itself, and I included the votes of all the par-
ishes. But in his certificate the Governor
excludes a portion of those returns as having
been irregular or tainted by some alleged ele-
ments of violence.
I will here insert the Governor's certificate
at length. It reads as follows :
State of Locisiaxa,
Executive Department.
New Orleans, November 25,186S.
To all to whom these presents may come :
Know ye, that, in accordance with the laws of the
Stato of Louisiana, an election was held by the qual-
ified electors of this State on the 3d day of Novem-
ber, A. D. 1868, for five members of Congress, to rep-
resent the first, second, third, lourth, and fifth con-
gressional districts of the State of Louisiana in the
Forty-First Congress of the United States, and for
one member of Congress from the second congres-
sional district to the Fortieth Congress, to fill the va-
cancy occasioned by tho death of Hon. James Mann;
and whereas the returns of said election, made to
the secretary of State, as required by law, havo been
carefully oxamincd, compared, and attested by tho
proper officers whose duty it was to examine tho
same; and whereas it has been ascertained from said
returns that Louis St. Martin received 2,739 votes,
and J. H. Sypher 2,08(5 votes east at said election:
Now, therefore, I, Henry C. Warmoth, Governor
of the State of Louisiana, do hereby certify that
Louis St. Martin received a majority of the vote3
cast for Representative to tho Forty-First Congress
from the fourth congressional district of tho State
of Louisiana.
In testimony whereof I havo hereunto set my
hand and caused tho seal of the Stato to bo
r. affixed this 25th day of November, in the year
1 ' J of our Lord 1868, and of tho independonco of
tho United States tho ninety-third.
II. C. WARMOTH,
Governor of the State of Louisiana.
Geo kg r; B. Bovee, Secretary of State.
Mr. YOOEHEES. Does notthat make the
case still stronger? As the Governor exer-
cised the power to reject parishes where in his
opinion the election had been irregular, if Mr.
St. Martin had not been unquestionably elected
would not the Governor have gone on and
rejected enough votes to elect the other candi-
date ?
Mr. KERR. Certainly it makes the case
stronger. It would be extremely violent to
assume that Governor "Warmoth would give
any certificate to a Democrat except under
the strongest legal compulsion.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to stato to the
gentleman from Indiana that the Governor
rejected only for formal reasons.
Mr. VOORHEES. He rejected as many as
he sawfitto reject, andthen issued aeertificate
that Mr. St. Martin was elected. This was done
by your own Governor, a Republican Gov-
ernor of the State of Louisiana.
Mr. KERR. I say, Mr. Speaker, this will
be the first precedent, if the House shall suffer
itself to establish it, in the history of this Gov-
ernment. The first time the question, within
my knowledge, came directly before the House
for its consideration and decision was in the
case of Smith vs. Brown, from the State of
Kentucky. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] who now presides was then
chairman of the Committee of Elections. In
that case he made a report in many points of
which I and other gentlemen, as a minority of
the committee, did not agree; but on this par-
ticular point the committee was unanimous.
In that report, which I can say with entire
sincerity was characterized by great ability and
evinced a thorough examination of the law and
the history of questions of this kind, the com-
mittee say:
"The right of representation is a sacred right,
which cannot be taken away from the majority.
That majority by perversely persisting in casting its
vote for one ineligible can loso representation, but
never the right to representation while the Consti-
tution and the Stat.e government shall endure. If
it be inquired whether a loyal minority havo no
rights which are thus extinguished the answer is
obvious. If all are legal voters the right of one is
no greater than that of another; nor is it a valid
objection that by this rulo one district after another
might be left without a Representative until repre-
sentation itself might be destroyed."
Then in another part of the same report the
committee further state, with great force and
clearness, that—
" Thewill of the majority, expressed in oonformity
with established law, is the very basis on which rest
the foundations of our institutions, and any attempt
to substitute therefor tho will of a minority is an
attack upon ths fundamental principles of tho Gov-
ernment, and if successful will prove their overthrow.
Tho committee shrink from this attack."
With that precedent before my colleague,
with that precedent before the country, settled
after the most deliberate and exhaustive ex-
amination and discussion, it is now proposed
to tread it all under foot, to defy it, and to
defy and ignore not aione the right of this
single unhappy constituency to representation
here, but to deny the right of the entire State
to representation, and to overthrow a funda-
mental and precious principle of the Govern-
ment.
But, ^Mr. Speaker, I am further fortified in
ray position on this subject by a decision made
by the supreme court of Louisiana, the State
from which these cases come, which is a Re-
publican tribunal organized under the recon-
struction policy and for the purpose of aiding
in its execution. I refer to the case decided
by tho supreme court of that State in 18G9, in
Fish vs. Collins, in whieli the chief justice in
expressing the unanimous opinion of the court
uses the language I will read. This was a con-
test between two claimants for the judgeship
of the ninth district court, in the parish of
Orleans. The chief justice says:
"The plaintiff does, not, allege that he rceeivod a
larger numb er of votes cast at tho election than oither
of his competitors; but, on tho contrary, ho admits
that the defendant roceived a greater numbor of
votes than he did. Tho olection of tho plaintiff did
not depend upon the ineligibility of his competitors
to the offico, but on the will of a majority or plurality
of tho legal voters of tho district, expressed at tho
ballot-box."
That is the language of the supreme court of
Louisiana. It will not be contradicted either
by my colleague or the claimant to this seat that
the constitution and laws of Louisiana require
candidates for elective offices to receive a ma-
jority of the votes cast, or, if there be more
candidates than one, aplurality ofthe votes cast.
In this case there were only two candidates.
In addition to these authorities there have
been several cases decided on the same prin-
ciple by this House. They are fully referred
to in my argument in Hunt vs. Sheldon the
other day. I beg leave to refer gentlemen to
those cases.
The person to whom the Governor gave the
certificate received a clear majority of tho en-
tire registered votes. He received a triumph-
ant and decided majority over the gentleman
who claims this seat. So far as the parish of
Orleans is concerned I may as well at this
point state why Mr. Sypher did not receive
more votes there. Why was it ? Because, in
the first place, he and his party leaders directed
his friends not to go to the polls at all, know-
ing after the registration had been perfected
and the canvass had been closed that they
would be beaten; that they had not the ghost
of a chance of winning by a fair and peace-
able election, and that the only means of
escape from that dilemma was in a skulking,
cowardly betrayal of their duties and their
country and their party organization. They
were therefore advised not to vote, and they
did not vote-to any great extent.
The other reason why he received so small
a vote was explained by me in the other case,
of Hunt us. Sheldon, and I gave the explana-
tion from the mouths of men of his own party;
men of intelligence, respectability, and prop-
erty, who have since been indorsed by his own
political party as worthy to be their organs and
candidates. I proved by them that they did
not vote for him because they did not want to
vote for him. They did not consider him the
kind of man who ought to lead or represent
the Republican party there, or who was fit and
worthy to be voted for. I say this in no offens-
ive spirit toward himjbut because'my duty re-
quires it. I cited this evidence the other day,
and gentlemen whose memories are sufficiently
tenacious on this subject may well remember
it; I shall not, therefore, occupy time in going
over it again.
But my colleague, by way of strengthening
a bad cause and inducing the House to do an
act which will be recorded if done to its eter-
nal and everlasting shame, further tells you
that at the spring election in 1868 the Repub-
lican party in the fh'st district of Louisiana
had a large majority; and he evidences that
fact by citing the further fact that the same
gentleman who now claims the seat was elected
by a majority of three thousand, or something
like that. The truth is that the majority was
about half that. A further truth is that the
Democratic party in that contest had no or-
ganization. They suffered their party friends
to vote as they pleased. They made no can-
vass and no contest; they did not organize as
it is customary for political parties in this
country to do. Yet, in spite of all these facts,
and against all these adverse circumstances
and counsels on the part of their own leaders,
I want the House to remember that my col-
league's statements in reference to these par-
ishes are not true. And why ? Because -it
is true that the Democratic party did at that
election, as to nearly all the parish officers,
carry by a greater or less majority the parish
of Orleans, and elected both tho sheriffs, both
the civil and criminal sheriffs, who hold office
to-day. They did by a majority also carry tho
parish of St. Bernard, and elected their own
political friends to the Legislature. But the
Republican Legislature of that State turned
them out, and turned in, in defiance of the law
and the will of the people, their own friends.
They also carried the parish of St. Helena
and elected their officers; also the parish of
Livingstone, and the parishes of Washington
and St. Tammany, the latter by a majority of
nine votes. It is therefore unjust and disin-
genuous for my colleague to say that the Re-
publican party had a clear and rightful majority
in that district. They did not have it even in
the spring of 18G8, when the Democratic party
had not organized their forces; had not brought
out or consolidated their strength; had put in
operation none of the agencies by which before
elections political power is consolidated in this
country. My colleague on the committee, as
if he had become imbued with the spirit which
seems to animate the Republican party of to-
day in their warfare against the Commonwealth
of Georgia in the other end of this Capitol,
drags into this report an extraordinary state-
ment, and alleges it as a fact, with a sort of ex
cathedra authority that might almost lead one
to believe that he entertained no doubt of its
truth himself in his own mind. He says in tho
report:
"Over three hundred leading and active Repub-
licans, white and colored, were killed, wounded, or
otherwise maltreated by liuklux and other instru-
ments of violence and intimidation within sixty days
preceding tho election."
Now, Mr. Speaker, the fact is that in that
entire district during the canvass that preceded
the election there were four white Democrats
killed, not all by reason of political collisions
and troubles, and one white Republican. The
white Republican was a man named Curtis, a
policeman from the city of New Orleans, who
had gone out into the parish of St. Bernard in
order to execute some duty or pretended duty.
There were killed in that parish by reason of
one collision or difficulty or another, some
political and some personal, and the true cause
or origin of some of which no human being on
this side the grave knows—there were killed
by reason of all these things, about twenty-one
other persons, colored persons, and many of
them persons unknown, so that the coroner
often reported them as unknown and as killed
by persons and under circumstances unknown.
And yet we are told that they were all leading,
active members of the Republican party!
Sr. Speaker) I cannot) keeping myself with-
