1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
637
tion company have in view, yet I see that there
are obstacles in the way of passing a law by
■which, say, forty thousand acres, which is the
number they ask for, can be set apart before
the surveys to any company; and however
desirable and worthy the object is, I can see
great difficultiesin accomplishing it. However,
I commend the memorial, with the accompany-
ing papers, to the Committee on Public Lands,
hoping that it will receive from that committee
every attention.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial
will be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. DRAKE. I present the petition of a
number of citizens of St. Louis, letter-carriers,
praying for an increased'and fixed compensa-
tion ; and subjoined to this petition is a paper
signed by the Lieutenant Governor of Missouri,
themayorof St. Louis, the judges of the courts,
and a large number of the first merchants of
' that city, stating that in view of their arduous
physical labor in all sorts of weather, the
weighty responsibilities of their trust, and the
heavy obligations they are compelled to give
for fidelity, they regard the letter-carriers as
a class the most overworked and the worst
paid employes of the Government; and they
say they are certainly entitled to a living com-
pensation, and that simple justice is all they
ask; and these signers trust their petition
will not be disregarded. I move the reference
of the petition to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I present the remon-
strance of sundry members of the bar of the
county of Grayson, in Virginia, representing
that they are informed that there is a proposi-
tion to change the place of holding the United
States district court from Wytheville to Chris-
tiansburg, and they earnestly remonstrate
against it for various reasons which they set
forth. I present also a similar remonstrance
from sundry members of the bar of Carroll
county, Virginia, setting forth the same in-
formation and making the same objections. I
move that these memorials be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of New Hampshire, praying the enact-
ment of a law conferring on staff officers of
the Navy such relative rank and privileges as
will not impair the efficiency of the service;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also presented the petition of George H.
Preble, United States Navy, asking that he may
be allowed leave pay from October 12, 1862, to
February 21, 1863 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a petition of
citizens of Riverside, New Haven county, Con-
necticut, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a memorial signed
by G. Dawson Coleman, of Lebanon, Pennsyl-
vania, and to which sundry other names are
printed, combating certain statements in the
report of Hon. David A. Wells in regard to
iron matteis. I move the reference of this
memorial to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY presented a petition of citizens
of Connecticut, builders of steam-engines and
machinery, remonstrating against the granting
of the petition of George II. Corliss for the ex-
tension of his letters-patent of March 10,1819,
for improvements in the steam-engine ; whieh
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
He also presented the petition of Alexander
Mahood, of Virginia, praying for the removal
of his political disabilities ; which was referred
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
George K. Fox, of Loudoun county, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of California
in regard to the public lands in that State. The
object of the resolution is that the public lands
remaining in that State shall be withdrawn
from private entry. This is a subject on which
there is a great deal of feeling in that State, a
large proportion of the lands there having
already been absorbed for purposes of specu-
lation. I ask that the resolution be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas it is of the utmost importance that the
public lands of the State of California should be re-
served for the benefit of homestead and preemption
settlement; and whereas a large quantity of the
public lands of the Slate heretofore having been
offered at public sale, and now subject to privato j
entry, and in many instances have been and are now
likely to be entered by non-resident persons for the
purposes of speculation: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate, (the Assembly concur-
ring,) That our Representatives in Congress he re-
quested and our Senators instructed to use all pos-
sible means in their power to obtain suitablet and
speedy legislation for the withdrawal from private
entry of all public lands within this State; and that
the Governor of this State bo requested to transmit
a copy of this resolution to our Representatives in
Congress.
WILLIAM IIOLDEN,
President of the Senate.
GEORGE H. ROGERS,
Speaker of the Assembly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move that the reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to. j
Mr. CASSERLY also presented a petition of j
officersand members of the Sacramento County j
Medical Society, praying Congress to accord to j
the medical officers of our Navy such a degree 1
of actual and substantial rank as properly
belongs to them as members of an honorable
profession, and such as will serve the best
interests of the Navy and the country by offer- |
ing attractions in the former to men of thorough ;
culture and honorable ambition, and rewards I
to long and faithful services in behalf of the !
latter; which was referred to the Committee j
on Naval Affairs. _ j,
Mr. WARNER presented a petition of two ]!
hundred and forty-six citizens of Alabama, |!
praying the abolition of the franking privilege; ;j
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads. .j
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.' i]
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was !j
Ordered, That James Crutchett have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of h
the Senate. ■ j!
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was j:
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Charles ;[
and Henry W. Spcncer bo taken from the files of the jj
Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims. ^
REPORTS 01' COMMITTEES. j!
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pub- j!
lie Lauds, to whom was referred the bill (S. |]
No. 177) creating an additional land district ij
in the Territory of Colorado, reported it with
amendments. j
Mr. CASSERLY, from the Committee on
PublicLands, to whomwas referred the bill (S. li
No. 325) amendatory of an act entitled "An act !■
to further provide for giving effect to thevarious j!
grants of public lands to the State of Nevada,'' j'
approved June 8,18G8, reported it with amend-
ments.
REPORT OF COMMISSIONER WELLS.
Mr. ANTHONY. T am instructed by the
Committee on Printing to offer the following i
resolution, and I ask for its present consider-
ation :
Ilesohed, That there be printed for the use of the 1
Senate two thousand copies of the report of special
Commissioner Wells of the Treasury Department.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
AMENDMENT TO A BILL.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to present an !
amendment by way of substitute for the bill
(S. No. 369) to establish an additional land
district in the State of Kansas. This is simply
a substitute for a pending bill, which I ask to
have printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Blttfe INTRODUCED.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
403) to regulate the appraisement and inspec-
tion of imports in certain cases, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Finance,. and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 404) to increase the efficiency of the Army,
whieh was read twice by its title.
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire to state that this
bill is in accordance with the recommendation
of the General of the Army substantially, on
different points. I move its reference to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and tli^t it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
405) to prohibit the sale of the public lands of
the United States in Nebraska except to actual
settlers; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 406)
to expedite the survey of private land claims;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
407) to remove the political disabilities of cer-
tain persons therein named; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 408) in relation to the judge of the dis-
trict court of the United States in the district
of Kentucky ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 409) authorizing the construction of a
canal at or near Pass 1'Outre, at the entrance
to the Mississippi river, without expense to the
Government, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to say that I
have just received that bill from the president
of the Chamber of Commerce of New Orleans,
with a request that I introduce it. I know
nothing whatever in regard to the merits of
the bill. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 410) granting lands to the State of Kansas
to aid in the construction of a railroad in said
State; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SPENCEl! asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 97) to restore William
1 Pollard to his original rank in the engineer
corps of the United States Navy; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commitea
t on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
SEIZURE OF SPIRITS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has not yet expired.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up
the joint resolution introduced by the Senator
