1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4681
the prevention of smuggling. But there is also
another-very important service which is en-
joined upon them in the latter part of this
amendment, which they are capable of render-
ing, and that is to give their services to vessels
in distress. They are the only vessels on the
lakes which by the number of their crew, the
strength of their engines, and their general
construction are able to keep out in the open
lake in stormy weather without any danger to
themselves, and therefore they are able to be
and have been, of great service to commerce
in that respect. But before they were laid up
no proper instructions had been given by the
officers of the revenue department to the offi-
cers of these revenue-cutters with reference to
the aiding of vessels in-distress; and it was
very much for the reason that they had been
comparatively useless in this respect that they
were laid up three years ago. Since that time
the rules in regard to this matter have been
changed, and it appears from the reports made
by the Department to Congress that the one
or two vessels which have been in commission
timing the last two years have rendered import-
ant services in these respects, saving property
annually of much greater value than would be
the additional expense of putting, these vessels
in commission.
Mr. WELKEi!. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman whether it would not be well to limit
the number which the Secretary may have in
active service? The amendment in its present
shape gives the Secretary the discretion to use
allihe revenue-cutters now laid up. I know
what use will be made of this by the gentlemen
having the control of these cutters. The result
will be that they will all be put, in service,
increasing the expenditure of the Government
very largely. 1 would like to have the number
limited.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Let me call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio and of the
committee to the circumstances of the case.
There certainly should be one of these vessels
on Lake Superior; there should be one on Lake
Michigan ; there should be one on Lake Erie;
there should be one on Lake Huron, and one
on Lake Ontario. That is four additional
ones; there is one that has always been in
commission. I think it is a matter which can
be safely trusted to the Administration.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the objection to
the amendment, not with any idea of consent-
ing to its adoption. The Secretary of the
Treasury has recommended the sale of all these
revenue-cutters excepting one. A bill is pend-
ing in the committee for that purpose; but I
was unwilling the gentleman should be excluded
from bringing this matter before the House.
The Secretary of the Treasury himself is of
opinion that one of these rcvenue-cuttcrs upon
the upper lakes, and one upon the lake below
the fails, is all that the necessities of the service
require.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman state
how much it costs the Government to put one
of these revenue-cutters into the service?
Mr. DAWES. The statistics of that matter
have been before the committee, but I am
unable to give them in detail. I hope the
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. BENNETT. I move to strike out the
last line of the amendment. " Mr. Chairman,
this matter has been called to my notice by
pretty much the entire lake interest. There is
no person connected with the commerce of the
lakes who does not feel a great interest in
having these vessels put in commission. Their
idea is that they shall aid in heavy weather to
protect commerce. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee to one fact. There are
twenty-eight vessels in commission for the pur-
pose of protecting the commerce of the coasting
trade ol the Atlantic and Paciiic. All that we
ask is that five vessels shall be put in commis-
sion to protect a commerce which is larger in
tonnage thau the whole coasting trade. I appeal
to every gentleman of the committee if any valid
objection can be urged against it. I wish to call
the attention of the committee to the fact that
last year our commerce was depicted over five
million dollars in consequence of the heavy
storms on our lakes; and when we appeal to
you to give us only live vessels to protect our
commerce we are entitled, I think, to that
protection. I claim that, aside from the rev-
enue service, we are eminently entitled to this
protection, and it is in that interest that I
make this appeal.
But I desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee also to the revenue service, and for
that purpose I send to the Clerk's desk, and
ask him to read an exhibit of service per-
formed on the lakes by the revenue steamer
Commodore Perry in the years 1866 and 1867 :
The Clerk read as follows:
Exhibit of 6erviceperformed on the hihes by the revenue
steamer Commodore Perry.
In eleven months'active duty on Lake Brie, in 186$
and 18f>7, the revenue steamer Commodore Perry
performed the following, for the protection of the
revenue of the United States and aiding marine
commerce:
J1 Hies.
The vessel was moved secretly at night along
the cofist from one place to another, equal
to a distance of  2,534
During daylight was moved  2,030
Boats were moved secretly on detached ser-
vice at night  774
Boats were moved on detached service in day-
light  780
6,12-1
Deduct 220 miles on trial trip, made by order
of the Secretary of the Treasury, June, 1806.. 220
Sailed for the protection of the revenue... 5,90-1
ISO,
Foreign vessels boarded and examined   58
Coastwise vessels boaided and examined  310
Total boarded and examined for the pro-
tection of the revenue  40-i
Vessels seized or detained, together with such
as were held by a force from the Perry, on
call for assistance by collectors of tho cus-
toms  118
Vessels to which effectual assistance was given
when in peril, and estimated value of the same:
Steam-propeller, Owego, aground outside of har-
bor   $35,000
Bark Naomi and cargo, aground on the open
coast; private tugs ineffectual  2S.OOO
Schooner Antelope on iirc; putout by force
from the Perry  1,000
Steam-propeller Marquette, aground out-
side of harbor -  40,000
Schooner Onsonto, aground outside; private
tugs ineffectual  30.000
Schooncr Pude of Ireland, rcscued crew,
and towed into port  1,500
Total    $135,300
Picked up on the open lake a boat containing thir-
teen men, much exhausted, who had escaped from a
propeller which had foundered on the lake m the
gale of that day.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. I rise for the purpose
of opposing the amendment of the gentleman
from New York ; and T will state to the com-
mittee that there are six revenue cutters now
on the lakes, five out of commission, and one
in commission. It costs about ten thousand
dollars a year to keep a single revenue cutter
when out of commission, while it costs about
twenty thousand dollars a year to keep a reve-
nue cutter in commission. In other words,
we are spending $50,000 a year to keep live
revenue cutters laid up rotting at the wharves
and becoming utterly worthless. To keep the
six revenue cutters in commission would cost
at least $1:30,000 a year.
Now, sir, early in February, by direction of
the Committee on AporopriaUons. I reported
a bill which provides,'" tbanhe Secretary of
the Treasury shall be, and is authorized to
sell, the live revenue cutters nowon the north-
ern lakes in the United States, and not in
commission, for such consideration and under
such regulations as he may prescribe, and
that the proceeds shall be covered into the
Treasury." That, bill was reported to the
House, but objection i)eing maae to it, it was
not finally acted upon. It was insisted that
we ought to have the advice of the Secretary
of the Treasury. Accordingly we have procured
the advice of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and I ask that his letter of the 9th of February
last be read by the Clerk.
The letter was read, as follows:
Tbeasuby Department, February 9,1870.
Sir: Tho letter of inquiry of your committee of
oth instant,_ regarding the revenue vessels on the
lakes is received, and I have to state in reply to tho
lirst question, namely, "Can either of the live reve-
nue cutters not in commission be taken out for us®
on the ocean ? that one of tho vessels, tho Chase,
on Lake Ontario, can be released and adapted for ser-
vice on the Atlantic coast: but as the cost of re-
moval, together with repairs and alterations to fit
the vessel for this duty will amount to $30,000, it is
recommended that she be retained permanently for
service on Lake Ontario, and be stationed at Oswego,
lhc cost of repairs incident to tho vessel for lake
service will be small, about two thousand five hun-
dred dollars, at the most S3,000;
To tho second question, "Can either of them be
made useful for war purposes?" the reply is that
they all can be made useful for war purposes—were
built in view of such an exigency.
To the third question, 44 How many revenue cut-
ters are there not in commission on the lakes? " I
would reply that there are six, and all out of com-
mission, namely, Chase, at Ogdensbiug, New York ;
Perry, at Erie, Pennsylvania; Fesscnden, Dix, at
Detroit, Michigan; Sherman, at Cleveland, Ohio;
Johnson, atMihvaukee. Wisconsin. Andinreply to
tho fourth question, "What disposition would tho
Secretary advise to be made of them?" will say that
it is recommended to retain one of tho vessels for
service on tho upper lakes, leaving four only to be
sold instead of live, and I therefore suggest an
amendment to the bill before the House by striking
out "live " and inserting "four."
1 am, very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
{Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. II. L. Dawks, chairman Committee on Appropri-
ations, House oj Representatives.
Mr. LAWRENCE. It will be seen, from the
letter which has just been read, that at the time
it was written the whole six revenue-cutters
were out of commission. The Secretary of the
Treasury recommended that two of them should
be put in commission and that four of them
should be sold. It was urged on us yesterday
that we should pass the fortification appropria-
tion bill, because the officers whose duty it was
to advise us upon the subject, and who had
studied it, had recommended the appropria-
tions contained in the bill. Here we have the
advice of the Secretary of the Treasury, who
is charged with the collection of the revenue,
who understands the subject, and who recom-
mends that only two of these revenue-cutters
be put in commission, and that the remaining
four be sold.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Now let us have a vote.
Mr. BENNETT. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The quest ion was then taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Churchill; and upon a
division there were—ayes 35, noes "2o j no quo-
rum voting.
Tellers were ordered j and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Chuhciijll were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 50, noes 50 ;
no quorum voting.
Tho CHAUUIAN. No quorum having
voted, the roll will be called, in accordance
with the rule.
The roll was then called ; and the following
members failed to respond to their names:
Messrs. Adams. Armstrong, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey,
Banks, Barnum, Benton, Bigg.*, Bowen, Burdott,
Burr, lloderick It. Buttler, Cake, Sidney Ciarko,
Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Covode, Cowles. Dockery,
Duvali, Ela, Fitch. I?ox. Gibson, Gilfillan, Hale,
Ilambleton, Hamilton, Hawley, Heaton, Hoge, Hot-
mail, Hotehkiss, lngcrsoll, Alexander H. Jones,
Thonn** L.Jones, Julian, Kerr, Logan, Lougbridge,
Lynch, McCrary, McG-rew, McKce, ^Ic^eciy, arier-
Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stone,
T;tuncr, Townsend, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Wheeler,
Vull'ird, Winans, Winchester, and Witehcr.
The committee rose, and the Speaker hav-
; ing resumed the chair, Mr, BdtpiIntox reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, pursuant to order of the House,
