2794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
in the rules of propriety and courtesy as a mem-
ber of this House, characterize statements of
this kind as I should do if I were in another
arena or before another tribunal. There were
disturbances in this district. There were some
disturbances in eacli of the districts in Lou-
isiana during that contest. There were some
disturbances in every district in this entire
country. I do not need to say to any man
here that disturbances do always arise in the
conduct of heated political campaigns. I do
not need to lemind gentlemen either that there
have been times in this country when contests
of this sort have been characterized by even
greater violence than prevailed in the city of
.New Orleans.
It is also proper for me to remark here that
many of these acts of violence, many of these
outrages were conceived and inaugurated and
carried on by leaders of the Republican or-
ganization, by the leaders of the negro clubs
and the loyal leagues, and their other clubs of
various kinds and colors, which were organ-
ized in the interest of the Republican party in
that parish, and they do not come here with
clean bands or clear consciences. And yet
my colleague in his report and in his examina-
tion of this case fails to discover that a single
Republican at any time, in any parish or dis-
trict of Louisiana, was guilty even of the slight-
est irregularity or violation of order. He ap-
pears to be oblivious alike to the faults and
the crimes of his party in Louisiana. He also
tells you that thousands of men were kept from
the polls who desired to vote the Republican
ticket because they were afraid to go to the
polls and vote as they pleased. Now, it might
be said to bo no answer to that charge for me
to say that as made it is not true and that
there is no such testimony.
But this I do say, and I say it because I know
it, that in this entire record of two enormous
volumes there are not three pages of testimony,
out of nearly fifteen hundred pages, that afford
any color of ground for such charge as against
the people of this district, or any single parish
of the district. A few ignorant colored men
did say in the course of this investigation that
they were afraid to go to the polls and vote the
Republican ticket; that they voted the Demo-
cratic ticket, and that they voted it because
they wanted to keep their places on che farms
and plantations of Democrats, or for reasons
of that sort. Do not gentlemen know that at
every election all over this country just such
circumstances do frequently arise ? No higher
motives than those frequently control the votes
of electors, not in Louisiana alone, but in Ohio
and Indiana and in every other State.
Among every other constituency in this coun-
try we all understand that the poor and the
ignorant, the dependent and the cowardly,
are to a greater or less extent influenced or
controlled by the wealthy, by the strong, by
the good and by the bad, by individuals and
by parties, by all the customary and lawful
agencies known to political organizations.
These things are in no just sense peculiar to
any one community, section, or party. And
it was so in Louisiana to the same extent and
the same extent only that it is elsewhere all
over the country.
1 have already stated the reason why the
Republicans did not vote in the parish of Or-
leans. But my colleague tells the House that
there was a famous club organized in the inter-
est of the Democratic party in the city of New
Orleans called the "Innocents," and that it
was a club composed of bad men, of murder-
ers, cut-throats, and assassins, of men who were
capable of committing any crime known to the
catalogue of crime in this country.
Mr. Speaker, in a spirit of entire candor and
frankness, I desire to say to the House that
there were a few bad and lawless men in some
of the Democratic clubs in that parish and in
that district. But they were bad men by nature
and habit, and not because they belonged to
that or any other club. There were also some
men of the same kind in the Republican clubs,
and other Republican organizations; and their
conduct was as bad, they behaved as badly,
their conduct on the streets was as bad, and
in many respects their entire record is as much
covered over with infamy and disgrace, as is
the record of the bad men who have done dis-
honor to the Democratic party in any of its
organizations.
But I desire to say that the testimony shows
that the "Innocents" club was composed, so
far as the controlling element of it was con-
cerned, of good men, and many of them as
high-toned and honorable men as any to be
found in the city of New Orleans ; men who
had lived there all their lives ; men of intelli-
gence and of honorable official and social
position. These men, as the record shows,
never were parties to any of these irregulari-
ties or outrages, or approved or connived at
them ; nor were such crimes ever committed
by any members of that club as are charged.
Most of those that were committed were wholly
unconnected with political considerations or
controversies. They were personal and indi-
vidual in their origin and reasons. Some of
them were political, but no considerable
number.
But on one occasion a member of the " Inno-
cents " club, while quietly going home at night,
was killed by negroes in a cruel manner, and
his body was taken very soon to their club-
room. Now, it is not necessary for me to say
that the killing of a man by negroes or white
men under such circumstances would be a
sufficient signal for a general attack by the
friends of the murdered man. In the meUt
which grew out of the killing of this member
of the •' Innocents" club a negro was killed,
and another was grievously wounded. Now,
a few words more in reference to what is called
the "K. W. C.'s." I trust that gentlemen will
remember what I said on this subject the other
day. I will therefore not go over that ground
again. 1 stated and proved then that the organ-
ization was not distinctly political, was not
armed, was not military, and was not unlawful
in its purposes. It neither taught nortolerated
the violation of the laws of the land, nor the
denial of the rights of the people under the
laws and the Constitution. It was protective
and social.
I will now invite the attention of gentlemen
to a few facts. Ill the first place the article
from the newspaper which was paraded here
with a flourish of holy horror by my colleague
on the committee, [Air. Stevenson, J it appears
to me, bad very little to do with this contro-
versy. Besides, it is chiefly an impeachment
of the worthless and inefficiont civil govern-
ment prevailing in New Orleans under Radi-
calism. It was taken from the New Orleans
Times, a conservative paper, of" the date of the
visit of the committee to that city. It is an
able and honorably conducted journal, its
sympathies were with the Democratic party,
and during that campaign it advocated the
election of the Democratic candidates; yet
the paper is said to be owned by a Republican.
His loyalty in suffering it to be conducted in
the interests of the Democratic party is some-
thing which gentlemen on the other side may
make what they can out of.
But it is said that during the examination of
one of these " K. W. C.'s," I as a member of
the committee required him to answer, and to
answer fully, to throw off all disguise, all re-
serve, and to tell the committee all that he
knew of the society, of what it consisted, what
its purposes and aims were, and what were its
obligations and ritual. That is the truth; I did
require that; I concurred with the gentleman
and my other colleague on the committee in
requiring that the witnesses brought before us
should testify fully and conceal nothing. The
witnesses did so, and it is not improper for me
here and now to say that in my personal rela-
tions and intercourse with those witnesses,
many of whom were men of high social position
and standing,'I required them with entire frank-
ness to throw off all disguises, and to expose
their organization, for I thoughtit was foolish,
and so stated. Its foolishness was only sur-
passed by its weakness. It was potential for
no purpose ; it controlled no election ; it neither
elected nor defeated any candidate. It parti-
cipated to no extent in the control of the Demo-
cratic party as an existing organization in the
State. As X said before, its individual mem-
bers were Democrats, and as such cooperated
with the Democratic party. But they so acted
as Democrats, and not as " K. W. C.'s," or
Knights of the White Camelia.
The notion on which that society was origin-
ally organized was that under the reign of
Radicalism and the predominance of Repub-
lican principles in the South there was danger
that society in that country might become
disorganized, life and property unsafe, and
attempts be made to institute social equality
between the races. Those who formed this
society were overwhelmed with disgust and
horror at the idea of an approaching social
equality, and in a moment of chimerical zeal
they organized the society called the Knights
of "the White Camelia. They wanted, as my
colleague on ;he committee [Mr. Stevexsoj."]
lias said, to maintain the integrity and supe-
riority of the white race. And I say with
frankness that their object to-day is to maintain
the superiority of the white race in this coun-
try ; and I approve that desire, and have but
little respect for the man who is willing to
abdicate his manhood, to abdicate his supe-
riority in capacity and origin, and to retire
behind the colored race. This is what the
Knights of the White Camelia meant; and this
is ail there was in their organization. It was
speedily abandoned. Long before this contest
became earnest and completely organized those
men had ceased even to hold regular meetings;
their organization had begun to go into disso-
lution ; it ceased to be potential for any purpose.
The Democratic party was organized as it
had been in years past; its canvass was con-
ducted exactly as the canvasses of other par-
ties are conducted, and as the Democratic can-
vasses in other States are conducted. As the
result of that organization, and without any
reference at all to what is called the organiza-
tion of the Knights of the White Camelia, the
Democratic party, in the very teeth of the
alleged principles of that organization, went to
work in the most formal, systematic, and thor-
ough manner to cultivate and control the suf-
frages of the colored men in Louisiana. They
associated with them in political action. The;
called political meetings composed alike of
white and black men. They procured those meet-
ings to be addressed by white and colored ora-
tors. They utilized the intelligence of a good
mar.y colored men as Democratic speakers,
sending them in that capacity to all parts of the
State. They persuaded the colored men in Louis-
iana that hitherto when there had been no Dem-
ocratic organization they had been deceived,
their confidence abused; that pledges had been
made to them which were not redeemed, and
which the Republican party neither intended to
redeem nor had the powerto redeem; that they
were simply made tools, supple, ignorant, pas-
sive tools to enable the leaders of that party,
the place-hunters and plunderers of that party
in Louisiana to go on and secure their elections
to office in order that they might control the
conduct of civil affairs in that State and plun-
der black and white alike ; because they did
consign to the same common fate all classes.
I he negroes found for themselves and in their
own experience that they were being badly used
by the Republicans. Their confidence was
greatly shaken. The Freedinen's Bureau was
discontinued and self-dependence became their
law. They began rapidly to assume their true
and natural relations toward the white people.
Their conditions began to improve ; their hab-
its improved, aud they labored more cheerfully
and effectively.
