5626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
them over to the Government, when it desires
to take them in its hour of need,, without any
percentage in addition to the original cost,
particularly after they have been used and
therefore have become less valuable.'
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment to the third section of this bill,
proposed by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
inquire whether a further amendment to this
section will be in order after this shall be
adopted ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; I desire to offer
one other amendment myself.
Mr". COLE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the ten per cent, provision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. WILSON. This provision is fixed for
eight months by the third section. It seems
to me that is a long time.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California to strike out the ten per cent, clause
providing that the Government may take pos-
session of these ships by paying the purchase-
money and ten per cent, in addition thereto.
Mr." CHANDLER. I do not think ten per
cent, is too much. I do not think that ought
to be stricken off.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Iaskwhether
the Senator from Ohio will not be willing to cut
the eight months down to three or four. It
seems to me three months would be ample.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not my amend-
ment. The amendment now pending is the
amendment of the Senator from California,
[Mr. Cole,] and I trust if the Senate mean
to give any attention to this bill they will
at least hear this proposition. I think that
amendment ought not to be adopte^. We pro-
pose to authorize private citizens to buy these
vessels now under the peculiar circumstances
of the country, and we authorize the United
States to take the vessels upon paying their
value and ten per cent, in addition. It seems
to me the United States ought not to take
these vessels unless it is willing to give the
merchants who buy them a little profit on their
value. This is the whole question in regard
to the amendment of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia.
Mr. CORBBTT. Thatdependson how long
the vessels have been used. If they have been
used three or four years they would not be
worth much.
Mr. SHERMAN. The_ United States can
take them at less than their cost, because the
United States pay their value. _ That value,
of course, is to be ascertained in the way the
value of such property is ascertained; but there
ought to be some little addition to their value
to the merchants who buy them, to take the
chance of the hazards of trade.
Mr. POMEROY. How do you ascertain the
value ?
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the ordinary pro-
vision inserted in steamship contracts. If there
is any controversy about it they have to go to
the cout ts.
Mr. POMEROY. I supposed so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. _ I do not
know whether this bill will bo got into such a
shape that I can give it my vote or not ;• but
certainly it will have to be on a very r estricted
plan before it can receive my vote in its favor.
Let us just look at the proposition. If this
war in .Europe shall be a short war, this bill
would be disastrous to this country, because
it would supply our people with vessels, and
they would not thereafter have an opportunity
of buildingthem. If there should only be two
great nations engaged in war, and they should
have merely one or two decisive battles, the
whole war maybe over in ninety days, or even
in sixty days, as the Senator from Kansas sug-
gests } and if the war should be closed at that
time, it is very obvious that this provision
would be extremely disastrous to the mechan-
ics of this country.
Now, Mr. President, let us take the other
view. Suppose that it is to be a great Euro-
pean war involving nearly all the continental
nations, and that it is to continue for months
and years ; then there would be ample oppor-
tunity for. the American mines to supply the
iron, and for American mechanics to build
these ships at home.
It seems to me, unde:any aspect of the ques-
tion, this is a measure of doubtful propriety. It
may result well; but it deserves to be thor-
oughly considered. As I have said, if this
shall prove to be a short war, depending only
upon two nations, to be decided in one or twp
important battles, the war may be over in the
course of ninety days and our markets glutted
with ships, to the prevention hereafter of their
construction by American mechanics.
If this measure is to be considered by the
Senate, I am for making it as restrictive as
possible and have it answer the purpose ; and
certainly ninety days will give ample oppor-
tunity for the, purchase of all the ships that
funds can be found in America to pay for.
Then, again, sir, I am very apprehensive
that, do the best you can with this subject, it
will result after all in merely a fictitious sale,
utterly invalid and of no force ; and that we
shall merely have the American flag hoisted
upon the same vessels, commanded by the same
officers, and manned by the same seamen. If
the bill is to pass, I am in favor of inserting a
provision in it that not less than two thirds of
the crew employed on board these vessels shall
be American citizens.
I only throw out these hints now, thus early
in the debate, in order that the Senate may
see that this is not a question entirely clear of
doubt as to whether any bill at all should be
passed ; and certainly if any should be passed
it deserves the most careful scrutiny on the
part of the Senate.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to know what
the subject is before the Senate. How much
of this bill is before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. FOWLER. Is the whole bill before us?
Mr. SHERMAN. I offered an amendment
to the third section, and the Senator from Cali-
fornia moved to amend that amendment; and
that is the pending question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope there will be a
vote on that.
Mr. FOWLER. I desire to have that amend-
ment read first, so that we may know what we
are voting upon.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment and
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. COLE. This is certainly a most extra-
ordinary provision, that the Government on
taking these ships shall pay the full value
thereof—that is the language—and ten per
cent, in addition. Why, sir, the Government
can take other ships belonging to citizens of
the United States already for their exact value,
or perhaps less. It certainly is a very extraor-
dinary thing to provide that the Government
upon taking these ships for necessary uses shall
pay this addition to the actual value of the
ships. It is not very likely that the ships will
ever be taken by the Government, and yet they
may be, and they will be more likely to be taken
if they are to be paid for at this_ extravagant
rate. If the owners are to receive this pre-
mium* of ten per cent, besides the coin value
of the ships, I can easily conceive that the
likelihood of their being taken by the Govern-
ment would be very much augmented by the
addition of this premium.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state also, that after
the expiration of these eight months, of course
the ships will rise in value, and if the Govern-
ment takes them after that time of course they
will be taken at their value then, after this pro-
vision of law has expired and when there is no
longer this right to bring in ships free. Con-
sequently there should not be this provision
of paying the owners ten per cent, in addition
to their value. If you give them the value of
the ships at that time, it is certainly as large a
sum as we ought to agree to give. I do not think
that this ten percent, should be added, because
the ships will probably advance at least twenty
per cent, after this provision of law expires.
I desire to offer an amendment to come in
after the words " North Pacific" in that sec-
tion ; and I ask that it be read for the inform-
ation of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can have only two
amendments pending at the same time.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to have the amend-
ment that I propose read for the information
of the Senate. It ought to be voted upon
before the vote is taken on the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to insert
after the words "North Pacific," in the tenth
line of the third section, the words:
And that they shall not thereafter bo transferred
to foreign owners or sail under a foreign flag, under
penalty of forfeiture of said vessels to the United
States Government: And provided further, 'rhatsueh
ships shall not have been built to exceed three years.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not in order now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment to an amendment pending, and
this amendment is not now in order.
Mr. BAYARD. I misunderstood the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Ohio. It
seems to me marvelous that he should, in the
first place, gives these parties a right to bring
in free of all tariff duties this immense mass
of goods in the shape of a ship, which is now
taxed something like sixty per cent, by your
tariff, giving these purchasers this enormous
advantage, and then should add to the ap-
praised value of the ship at the time the Gov-
ernment shall take it, brought into the coun-
try under these exceedingly favorable circum-
stances, ten per cent, further. I took it, as a
matter of course, that he meant to say the Gov-
ernment should take these ships at cost and
add ten per cent, for the trouble and commis-
sions of the party in procuring them.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression isthatthe
value of these vessels at the time the Govern-
ment may take them, if they are taken at all,
may be far less than the actual cost; and I
should dislike very much to stipulate to pay
the cost.
Mr. BAYARD. The matter is optional with
the Government. The Government consults
its own interests, like any other purchaser.
Mr. SHERMAN. But an occasion might
arise when the United States might suddenly
desire to take the vessels ; and the reason I
put in this ten per cent, addition was that 1
did not think the United States ought of its
own will to take the private property of individ-
uals without paying something more than the
cost. But if there is to be any controversy or
debate about this ten per cent, provision, I
will strike it out. I do not think the Govern-
ment of the United States should take vessels
belonging to private parties unless it is willing
to pay their full value. 1 will modify the amend-
ment by striking out the ten per cent, clause
if there is objection to it.
Mr. BAYARD. I suggest to the Senator to
say that "the said price shall not exceed its
first cost."
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not do that,
because if the Government takes these vessels
for the naval service it ought to pay their value,
to be ascertained by the decision of the proper
tribunal.
Mr. BAYARD. There is an enormous loop-
hole in that provision for favor in the appraise-
ment of these ships.
