1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5627
Mr. SHERMAN. The purchase of these
ships is, as a matter of course, open to the whole
world. The object is to encourage American
merchants to become owners of these ships.
Mr. BAYARD. That provision will multi-
ply a series of jobs to which there will be no
end.
Mr. SHERMAN. I modify my amendment
by striking out the clause relating to the ten
per cent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio assents to the amendment to
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
California, and the amendment will be so mod-
ified.
Mr. CORBETT. I now offer my amend-
ment to insert afterthewords "NorthPacific"
what I send to the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Chair will see that
that amendment is not in order now, because
it relates to a different clause of this third sec-
tion. It is to insert words in a different clause
of the section, and those words are not proper
as an amendment to my amendment. They can
be moved afterward just as well. I suggest to
the Senator to let the vote be taken on my
amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. But your amendment has
been adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; not yet. I want
a vote on it.
Mr. CORBETT. The place I have indi-
cated is the proper place for this amendment
to come in, and it is in order now to amend
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, as
I understand.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator to let
the vote be first taken on my amendment, and
then his amendment will be in order.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 hope there will be no
objection to the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have it read.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this amendment is
introduced now it will make my amendment
absurd, because it comes in in the wrong place.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to insert after the words
"North Pacific," in the tenth line of the third
section, the following words:
Anil that they shall not thereafter be transferred
to foreign owners or sail under a foreign flag, under
a penalty of forfeiture of saiil vessels to the United
States Government: And provided farther. That said
ships shall not have been built exceeding three
years.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Oregon
puts in those words, it makes my amendment
absurd; so that I would rather withdraw"my
amendment and let the vote be taken on his,
or let the vote be taken on mine first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It would
be more orderly to take the vote on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio first.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Ihen the
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio. .
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have it read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio proposes several amendments
to the third section, and the Clerk will read the
section as it will stand if amended. J hey will
all be taken together.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That for and during
eisht months from the date of the passage of this act
the Secretary of the Treasury shall be authorized
arid empowered to issue American registers to iron-
built ships of not less than two thousand tons bur-
don, purchased by citizens of the United States, and
to he used in the transatlantic mail service of the
United States, with the following cond^on <contained
in such register: that such ships shall .not be tsed
nor employed in tbe coasting trade ot the United
State™noj?in the North Pacific; ^..^t^uoh
steamship may bo taken by the Umted States for
naval service upon payment in coin to the owneis
thereof of the full value of such steamship.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
strike out "eight" and insert three, so as
to read "three months."
Mr. CORBETT. I suggest to the Senator
from Vermont that if we are going to extend
these privileges, and they have war in Europe,
we shall have to have a little time. There may
be vessels on the stocks such as we want. It
may be very difficult to get just the kind we'
desire within three months, and I think if we
are going .to extend this privilege at all it
should be for a time long enough to complete
vessels we order. We want new vessels—the
best; we do not want to take their old vessels,
those that are simply coffins for our people to
travel in. We want new vessels. The pro-
vision I offer, to confine it to vessels three years
old, will give us first-class vessels, those that
have been built within a very few years and
have all the late improvements. I think we
should have time enough, so that we can pur-
chase new vessels and order new vessels, if
necessary. For that purpose eight months is
not too long.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, this measure
is certainly one of doubtful expediency. Sud-
denly brought to the consideration of Congress
by the warlike aspect of affairs in Europe, con-
siderate men may well hesitate before hastily
adopting a measure that so largely concerns
the industrial interests of the country. Our
ship-building interests, depressed through years
by the adoption of steam power and of iron in
place of woo'd by the commercial nations of
Europe, by the results of the great civil war
through which the nation has passed, by our
heavy taxation, and by our irredeemable paper-
money system, have sought relief, but they
have sought in vain. While the shipping in-
terest has been imploring this Congress for
such legislation as its depressed condition
demanded, an effort has been made to secure
the adoption of the policy of purchasing vessels
abroad. But those efforts have signally failed,
and they who have lingered here for months
have gone away despairing of help. But if the
ship-builders have failed in their efforts, those
who have sought to inaugurate the policy of
purchasing our ships in the cheaper markets
of the world have received no encouragejnent
whatever.
The hostile attitude of France and Prussia,
and the almost certain prospect of a European
war of gigantic proportions, cannot but largely
affect the shipping and commercial interests
of the country, and may do for the shipping
interests of the United States what Congress
has failed to accomplish. This bill is intro-
duced for the purpose of seeuring^to our coun-
try steam-vessels which cannot sail under their
own national flag. If this policy is tb be adopted
I hope it will be limited in its duration; and I
would suggest that it be limited in its opera-
tions to five months. That will bring it to the
middle of December. Congress will then be
in session, and can extend the time if the inter-
ests of the country demand it. Limited to a
brief period, and strictly guarded in its provis-
ions, 1 shall, though with hesitation, vote for it.
I look, however, rather to the development of
the magnificent resources of our own country, to
the diversification of our own industries, to the
training of our own people in the mechanic
arts, and to raising up and rewarding the toiling
millions of our countrymen, than to the pur-
chase of our ships or any other articles of mer-
chandise in the cheapest markets of the world.
We want the masses of our people who
possess rights so vast, and upon whom rest
responsibilities so grand, to have cultivated
heads and skilled hands. To accomplish that
great result Congress should develop and fos-
ter the education and material interests of the
people. Neither the purchasing of ships or
of merchandise in the cheapest markets, nor
the importation of laborers under labor con-
tracts in the cheapest labor markets of the
world, is calculated to rear in America that
stout-hearted, clear headed, independent body
of toiling men so essential to the steady devel-
opment and defense of the republican insti-
tutions of the United States.
Perhaps this allusion to the importation of
cheap labor and to labor contracts may excite
criticism, as some brief observations of mine
have already. I therefore propose to incor-
porate into my remarks on this bill some ob-
servations I have prepared and now have before
me, and which I had intended to make on the
bill to prohibit contracts for servile labor.
Mr. President, the coolie traffic years ago
shocked the sensibilities of the just, the hu-
mane, and the generous throughout the world.
The terrible sufferings of its victims, often
leading to frightful losses of life, causing such.
tortures that thousands sought relief in suicide,
sickened Christendom. In spite, however, of
its sufferings, its deceptions, cruelties, and
deaths, that traffic went on, and hundreds of
thousands were carried into servitude in the
guano islands, Peru, other South American
States, in the Indies, Cuba, and the British
West India islands. Thousands of these Chi-
nese coolies perished in the crowdcd ships
which bore them away from their native land.
Of the fifty thousand shipped to Cuba in the
twelve years from 1847 to 1859, seven thousand
six hundred and twenty-two died by disease or
perished by violence or suicide on their pas-
sage. Tens of thousands of these coolies have
worn ont their lives beneath the eyes and lashes
of the taskmaster. American capital, Amer-
ican ships, and American seamen engaged in
that traffic, little if any less horrible than the
African slave trade, the story of which will
sadden the heart of humanity wherever it is
read or heard.
The anti-slavery men of England, whose
labors had smitten the fetters from the limbs
of eight hundred thousand West India slaves,
rebuked that merciless cupidity which sought
to supply their places, and cheapen their free
labor by the importation of the Chinese bound
in the bonds of labor contracts. The friends
of freedom in America, in the midst of their
terrible conflict with the slave power, did
not fail to see and to note the workings of
a system hardly less cruel and degrading to
humanity than the African slave traffic. When
they came into power in 1801 they hastened to
put an end to a traffic, as far as they could do
so, that scandalized and dishonored humanity.
Though engaged in a great civil war for the
preservation of the Republic they turned their
eyes away from the terrible scenes at home to
this appalling system. Early in the session of
1861 a bill was introduced into the House of
Representatives prohibiting American vessels
from engaging in the coolie trade. That bill
was introduced by Thomas Dawes Eliot, of
Massachusetts, a devoted patriot, philanthro-
pist, and Christian, whose recent death is sin-
cerely mourned by all who were privileged to
enter him on their list of friends. Under his
lead the Thirty-Seventh Congress—that same
Congress which struck the fetters from the
limbs" of the slave in the national capital, pro-
hibited slavery in the Territories, recognized
the independence of Hayti and Liberia, and
took measures for the suppression of the Afri-
can slave trade—enacted a stringent law against
this abhorred coolie traffic. That act forbade,
under severe pains aud penalties, American
ships from taking coolie laborers "to be trans-
ported to any foreign country, port, or place
whatever, to be disposed of or sold or trans-
ferred for any term of years or for any time
whatever as servants or apprentices, or to be
held to service or labor."
In support of this bill Mr. Eliot referred
to the resolutions adopted by Congress as
early as 1856, to the communications of the
President and Secretary of State and commis-
sioners to China, and to his own report made
in 1860, going to show this coolie traffic was
" one degree worse than the slave trade.1' In
view of these authenticated facts Mr. Eliot
said:
" I doubt if it can be found in the history of the
slave trade, in its worst days, that greater atrocities
have been committed, that greater violations of ail
the laws of God and of humanity have been perpe-
trated than are disclosed in these documents."
