1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1851
and un army, too, which had served its country i
with fidelity and distinction in the field, finally
betrayed and enslaved their great empire. We ;
also bitterly remember that Lee, Jeff. Davis, 1
Twiggs, and a host of others were educated at
the public expense, sworn to remain loyal to :i
their Government; still they forswore their
solemn trust and deserted the American flag
iu the hour of trial.
The entire system of military education, as
bestowed at our National Academy, is anti-
republican, pernicious, and unnecessarily ex-
pensive, conferring its advantages upon too
few for general expediency at periods of great
emergency. It were better, far—and the peo-
ple of the United States will realize the advan-
tage of this method at no distant day—that
the youth of our country received a military
training, disseminated by thorough tacticians,
at every public or private institution of learn-
ing, correlatively with other pursuits of knowl-
edge which are promulgated there, and which
would be in real cousouancy with the spirit
and letter of our progressive institutions.
Thus, by this general course of education,
high military genius alone would be recog-
nized and rewarded, without entailing upon the
Government the maintenance, at an enormous
expense, of many individuals who may not
even be naturally possessed of common mili-
tary aptitude. As for instance: what given
evidence was there ever announced in former
monthly reports at West Point of the high
military capacity of some of the most notable
and renowned of our commanders when they
were cadets?
Again, while this national institute is turn-
ing out yearly itinerant military apprentices,
they are necessarily crowding out of the ser-
vice the gallant men who were appointed to the
Army from civil life, in recognition of their
bravery and distinction in the field, and either
of which number, as a leader of our battalions,
would be worth a score of these fledglings of
West Point during this generation at least. I
pay cheerful homage to the historic name3
which stand foremost on the rolls of the grad-
uates: and I yield to no man in purpose to
make the Army equal to the requirem ents of the
country, and to reward liberally or promote the
welfare of the gallant men who comprise its
entire ranks; but public sentiment would have
those in command realize that they are the
soldiers of the B,epublic and not of a mon-
archy. and that there are thousands alt over this
land'who are their equals in education, useful- !
ness, and perhaps military endowment.
I do not object that some of them consider
themselves the endearing objects of elegant
society, or the Corinthian capitals of Govern-
ment ; yet these admissible facts have not laid
up for them an inexhaustible fund of original
merit, er granted unto them perpetual permis-
sion to frolic in the reservoir of the nation's
bounty. And, furthermore, the people would
have them know that it is not intended, accord-
ing to the spirit of our institutions, to place
the Army beyond legislative control, or grant
it unimpeachable authority to expand at will
the national expenditures, and swing the exec-
utive arm of power in derision of those who
make the laws.
The Military Committee of this House has
carefully considered the effect of this bill, both
as to the influence its provisions will have on
the morale of the Army and the reduction of
the expenses, which have grown to be a burden
to the people. Consider for a moment the last
yearly payment of the general officers, which
summed up to the prominency of $179,582 72 ;
the individual salaries in some instances ex-
ceedingthreefoldthat ofajudge ofthe Supreme
Court, a Senator of the United States, and
member of Congress. Add to this the cost of
the personal staff, and it will foot up as much
more. _ . >
I believe the conclusions of the committee
are as essential as they are just, and will meet
the hearty approval of the nation : foi'; whis?
the bill proposes a reduction of rank and con-
sequent expense, it offers a premium to con-
tinued service, and thereby advances the pay
of the company and regimental officers; itele- i
vates the standard of competency, and narrows j
the distinctions in remuneration.
The action of the committee has been im-
pugned by the opposers of its method of econ-
omy as an intended stroke at the Army. Oh,
no ! gentlemen ; the members of the Military
Committee, with many others on the floor of
the House, claim a life title in the brilliant
records of that Army, and possess, too, an
imperishable interest in its destinies if not in
its honor, akin in sincerity and exalted trust ;
with those of its present adherents in service. s
No emotions of sympathy were excited when
thousands of meritorious officers and hundreds
of thousands of brave men were sent to their
homes after years of hardships, many with
shattered constitutions, to commence anew the
varied routine of life, and take their place in
the rear rank of those who became independ-
ently affluent during the war. No clamoring
is heard when thousands of poor, friendless
soldiers are turned away from Government
employ in the all-potential name of " retrench-
ment, retrenchment."
I cherish the hope that this House will have
the firmness and loyal wisdom to move on to
direct results, and deal with this important
question as fearlessly as it has done with other
propositions of economy and reform. Do this
and you will save to the Treasury millions of
dollars annually, at the same time inviting to
more useful and more dignified pursuits the
scores of individuals holding military rank, yet
performing the nominal avocations of clerks
and attendants throughout the public Depart-
ments. Do this, and you will to some extent
remove the erroneous impression generally 1
established that the especial register of West
Point is the only passport to high military
aggrandizement and distinction ; and that Con-
gress acknowledges with sacred regard the
hallowed patriotism of the American people,
who, witll wonderful military aptitude, ad-
vanced at their country's call, regardless of
precious life and abundant treasure; for it
requires no royal edict of emblazoning her-
aldry to incite a sensibility of loyal principle,
chastity of personal honor, or exalted manly ,
sentiment when duty inspires the heart.
[During the remarks of Mr. Negley the
hammer fell, the five minutes allowed under i
the rule having expired. Leave was granted
to proceed, and Mr. Negley resumed and con-
cluded his remarks as above.]
The question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Negley.
Mr. LOGAN. The amendment of the gen-
tleman is not objectionable at all, but I would
suggest that it should come in immediately
after the first section of the bill.
Mr. NEGLEY. I have no objection to that.
Mr. SLOCUM. I desire to say a few words
in regard to this bill, not in the way of urging
any objection to it, but rather for the purpose
of expressing my dissent from certain expres-
sions that have fallen from gentlemen during
this discussion.
The bill under consideration was very
thoroughly discussed in committee before it
was presented to the ETouse, and many of its
| most important provisions were adopted in ,
committee without a dissenting voice. I am
convinced that all officers of the Army in
! excess of the number_ necessary for the pres- ■
ent military organization should be mustered
out of the service at once, and the_ method
proposed in this bill to accomplish this object
is the best and most feasible one yet devised.
The fact that there are Army officers not on
duty has repeatedly been alluded to on this
floor and by the press of the country with
some impatience, and as a proof of tne fact
that in the Military Department of the Gov-
ernment the work of retrenchment had not
been carried, to the extent jt have I-een.
In fact, when in time of peace Congress has
spasms of economy the Army at once becomes
the point of attack.
Since 18G1 there has been a mysterious con-
nection between the popularity of the Army
and the price of gold. In the spring of 1864,
when gold ranged from 200 to 280, the soldier
was the most popular man in the country.
With the fall of Richmond and the surrender
of the rebel army gold suddenly fell to 125.
The decline in the popularity of the Army has
been less rapid, but far more steady. When
our armies fresh from their grand achievements
at the South were passing in review before the
assembled multitudes here at the capital I
heard no remarks about the monthly salary we
could afford to pay Sherman or Sheridan. I
saw no newspaper articles making invidious
comparisons between salaries paid them and
other officers ofthe Government. Indeed, such
was the feeling in Congress and among the
people that new places were made for those
who held high rank, and new regiments organ-
ized to provide places for the officers of less
rank. All this was done after the close of the
war, only four years ago, and it is this very
legislation that we now propose to repeal. It
is the officers of the ten new regiments organ-
ized in 1866 of whom we are so impatient to
be relieved. Let them be mustered out and
sent to their homes; but let us not forget in our
anxiety to get rid of them that it is by the invi-
tation of Congress that they hold their present
positions ; that the invitation was extended long
after the close of the war, and at a time when
they had a right to suppose the organization
of the Army was to be of a permanent char-
acter, and the positions granted them were to
be for life.
It has been stated on this floor that the Pres-
ident, in reply to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,] while
conferring with him as to measures of retrench-
ment, stated that he believed the Military De-
partment ofthe Government to be economically
administered. I believe he was fully justified in
this statement. There was appropriated for the
year ending June 30, I860, for the support of the
legislative, judicial, and executive departments
ofthe Government $6,976,836; in thesame
year there was appropriated for the military
| establishment $15,279,846. The estimate for
the ensuing year for the support of the legis-
, lative, judicial, and executive departments was
i $25,731,685 40; the estimate for the support
f of the military establishment for the ensuing
year was $33,845,747 75; showingfrom 1860 to
1870 an increase in the expenses of the legisla-
tive, judicial, and executive departments of the
, Government of three hundred and sixty-nine
! per cent.; and an increase in the same period
! in the expenses of the military establishment
of two hundred and twenty-one per cent.—
the increase in the expense of the legislative,
' judicial, and executive departments being one
hundred and forty-nine per oent. greater than
the increase in the expense of the military es-
1 tablishment, and this, tool in the face of the
fact thatithe Army of 1870 is over three hun-
i dred per cent, stronger than the Army of
' 1860. In 1860 we had ten regiments of in-
, fantry, five of cavalry, and four of artillery,
with an average strength of not to exceed
eleven thousand officers and men. To-day, on
' account of the troops required at the South,
and for the protection of our rapidly extend-
ing western frontier, we have twenty-five regi-
' ments of infantry, ten of cavalry, and five of
artillery, with an average strength, officers
and men, of about thirty-four thousand- an
increase in strength of over threehundred per
cent., an increase in cost of less than two
hundred and twenty-one per cent.
I show by these figures that the expense to
the Government of our officers and soldiers,
notwithstanding the fact that they are paid in
paper, is less, man for man, than it was ten
years ago. In view of the enormous increase
. in the expense of living, in view of the well-
