1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2795
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. KERR. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have not, I
am sorry to say, had the opportunity to hear
all tlie remarks of the gentleman on this ques-
tion ; and I wish to ask hiin whether in his
judgment there was a valid election in the
district now under consideration?
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I take pleasure
in answering the gentleman ; and in answering
him with as much sincerity as if I were at this
moment enteringthe very presence of God him-
self, that in ray deliberate judgment as a mem-
ber of this House, as a man, and as a lawyei\
there was held in each and every one of the
parishes of the first district of Louisiana a
legal and a valid election, and that this House
ought so to hold. It possesses the elements of
a legal and valid election, with irregularities
here and there, with violence hero and there to
some extent and at times. Still I say to the
gentleman that it was a legal and valid election ;
and it ought to be so held by Congress. I say
that upon the law and the precedents, upon the
decisions of the courts iu like cases, there was
nothing preceding that election or exercising
any direct or potential influence over its eon-
duct that.can invalidate it or set it aside. The
validity of returns is not questioned. No fraud
is alleged to have corrupted the ballot-boxes.
It is not charged or proved that illegal votes
■were cast. It is only alleged that several days
before the election some disorder and intimi-
dation prevailed. But that cannot be allowed
to reverse the principles of representative gov-
ernment, or destroy the rights of the majority,
or to transfer all rights to the minority.
Four or live days before the election in part
of the district there was some violence, a feel-
ing of disquietude, and a feeling of apprehen-
sion, as I have seen it over and over again in
other sections of the country just beiore an
election. Many times, Mr. Speaker, we all
know, the days of heat and passion are the
days which precede the election, and when the
respective parties come to meet each other
face to face on the day of the election, then
all this heat and passion cool down, and the
day of the election is as calm, as undisturbed,
as peaceful as any ordinary Sabbath. I tell
you further, sir, that in order to invalidate
this election it ought to appear here affirma-
tively that the violence which preceded the
day of election a week or something like that
time did iu fact control those people, did in
fact so operate upon their mind, that the dan-
ger was so imminent in the estimation of every
elector that they did not go to the polls. In
other words, it should be shown that the dan-
ger was present, actually subsisting on the day
of the election and at the time and place where
the election was held.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Indiana whether he throws
out any part of the vote as being irregular on
account of violence. If he does throw out any
votes, how then does he make the case stand
between these two contestants? If he does not
thow out any, but counts the vote cast in every
part of this district, how, according to his opin-
ion, does the result stand? I ask him for in-
formation, so the House may hear it. I ask
for information as 1 was unfortunately absent
and did not hear the whole of the gentleman's
speech.
Mr. KERR. I have answered all these ques-
tions; but I will now answer them again. I
say to the gentleman from Ohio that if all the
votes in the district were counted, rejecting
five precincts to which I have referred, Mr.
St. Martin would be elected by a majority of
12.327 votes ; Mr. Sypher would have an entire
vote of 3,080 out of 29,922 registered votes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How many votes
were polled in the whole district?
Mr. KERR. There were 19,209 votes polled
in the whole district: 10,713 votes in theentire
district were not cast. I wish also to state to
the gentleman from Ohio that the Governor of
Louisiana gave Mr. St. Martin the certificate as
having been elected by a majority of 053 votes.
One word more. If 1 were to reject any portion
of this district I cannot in auy possible view re-
ject enough of it, according to the theory of the
gentleman himself—I mean the claimant, Mr.
Sypher—I cannot reject enough to give him a
majority of votes so as to entitle him to this
seat. I mean that in no view that can be taken
of the result will it be possible to give Mr.
Sypher the seat as having been elected by a
majority of the people of the district, or to give
him the seat otherwise than as a minority can-
didate, having received a minority of the votes
cast, without a possibility of so dividing the
district as that he could have been chosen by a
majority of any part of it which should eon-
tain a majority of either the registration or a
majority of the votes cast.
Mr. "GARFIELD, of Ohio. Did Mr. St.
Martin receive a majority of the registered
votes?
Mr. KERR. Clearly so. I have already
stated that. He received a majority of the
whole registered vote of 446 votes.
Mr. UARMELD, of Ohio. The reason of
my question is this : Mr. Sypher placed in my
hands these figures. The whole registered
vote was 20,922, and Mr. St. Martin received
12.50-1. which would not be a majority.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Sypher weil knows that
does not represent, the whole vote cast for
Mr. St. Martin. The whole vote cast for him,
as shown by the testimony, was 16,059, and for
Mr. Sypher :J, 3 50. Striking off G52, the votes
cast in the four precincts in the parish of Pla-
quemine, and one in the parish of Orleans, yet
Mr. St. Martin has a balance to which there is
no legal objection, giving him a clear majority
of 440 votes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. With those deduc-
tions, what would be Mr. St. Martin's aggre-
gate ?
Mr. KERR. It would be 15,407, which is
still a majority of 440 of the entire registration.
The other man had but 3,150 votes altogether,
counting his votes in all kinds of parishes, but
in the regular returns only 3,080 votes. I
say it is impossible, and I want to repeat and
emphasize the statement, it is impossible, in
whatever way you view it-, to show that Sypher
is entitled to have his claim entertained for a
moment. It appears to me to be a direct and
palpable offense against the judgment of this
House for him to come here and ask that we
should seat him. It, is asking the House to go
back upon all its precedents, its past decisions,
except the disgraceful decision of last week.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. When the case
of Hunt vs. Sheldon was before the House 1
stated the ground on which I acted. It was
that in nine hundred and ninety nine parts out
of one thousand of the territory embraced by the
district there was no disturbance, and among
a majority of the population, as exhibited by
the census report, there was no disturbance,
i considered therefore that a very large pro-
portion of the territory and a majority of the
population of the district had a peaceable elec-
tion, and that therefore we should not throw
the election out. I wish to know how far the
principle on which I then acted applies in this
case.
Mr. KERR. As regards the other case, I
take issue with the gentleman on his statement
of i&cts
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
that'if the gentleman's statements be true the
principle I acted upon in the other case would
not apply to this.
Mr. KERR. It would not. The cases in
that respect are unlike each other. In that
case Mr. Sheldon got a certificate, and, on the
assumption that the calculations of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] were correct,
might be admitted to the seat. _ But even then
I want, it to be understood that it was impossi-
ble to scat Mr. Sheldon except as the Repre-
sentative of an absolute minority of the regis-
tration even in the second district, and ashaving
received only a small part of the votes that
were cast. That I demonstrated when the case
was before the House, and if the gentleman
will look over my argument he will see that I
did so. This case, however, is entirely dif-
ferent.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to ask a question
for information. I desire to know what, from
the evidence in the case, appears to have been
the whole number of votes certified for Mr, St.
Martin. Is there any controversy as to that
Mr. KERR. I think the gentleman had
better address his inquiry to my colleague, the
chairman of the sub-committee.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have stated time and
again that there is controversy as to that.
Mr. KERR. I do not know that there is.
But whether there is or is not 1 do know that
upon the evidence and the law there can be
no controversy on this point. I care not what
my colleague says to the contrary. 1 chal-
lenge the gentlemen on the other side of the
House to examine the evidence carefully for
themselves. I ask them not to take my word
or the word of my colleague, but to be gov-
erned by the results of their own investiga-
tions.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I would ask what
evidence there is before this House impeach-
ing the return here, which shows that Mr. St.
Martin received 15,407 votes out of a registra-
tion of 29,922 votes?
Mr. KERR. 'There is nothing impeaching
that fact at all. The Governor conceded that
fact when he gave his certificate of election,
but, rejected certain returns, still leaving Mr.
St. Martin a majority of 053.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 do not see how any one
can insist that a person receiving only 3,000
and odd votes out of a registration of 29,022
has been elected.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to ask a question of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Keek.] Will
he tell the House how many murders occurred
during that election in the endeavor, and the
successful endeavor, to drive Republican
voters from the polls?
Mr. VOORHEES. I rise to a point of order.
I object to these questions being asked unless
my colleague [Mr. Kerr] chooses to admit
them.
Mr. KERR. The question of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers] sur-
prises me. It evidences the fact, not at all
creditable to him, that he has given no atten-
tion to what I have been saying here during
the course of my entire hour, lhave said that,
there were some violences several days before
the election, but none on the day of election
or at the polls. But those violences were few
in number. I have slated how many there
were, how they arose, and how they affected
the result, and the conduct of the election ;
and the gentlemen now asks me what was
gained by this violence!
Mr. MYERS. In reply to the gentleman
I would say that I do not necessarily accept
the gentleman's statements as to what is con-
tained in the evidence. I desire, however, to
hear his view of the matter. But I shall be
governed entirely by the evidence.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, it does not be-
come the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
throw at me any offensive answer like that
when the gentleman has, sitting as a judge
here, confessed to this House that he has
neither discharged his obvious duty by reading
this testimony nor by listening to my argument.
Mr. MYERS. I have confessed no such
thing.
Mr. KERR. I do not yield any further.
Sir, it is almost painful for me to further weary
myself or detain the House in the presentation
of the facts in this case, when gentlemen whose
duty it is, sitting under the solemn obligations
of their oaths, to decide it, will give such in-
different attention as some have been doing.
