1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
588
interests in the courts. There is a regular,
legitimate way of getting their rights protected,
and if they haveareal interest which the courts
will protect, they will, at the same time, it
seems to me, protect the interests of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I understand
that a deputy collector in California seized
four thousand barrels of whisky upon an allega-
tion of a violation of the revenue laws. I sup-
pose if this state of fact be true, that deputy
collector has some interest in the seizure. The
charge is that this whisky was introduced in
violation of the revenue laws. The claimants
in the case submit that question to the col-
lector of internal revenue, and he decides it in
favor of the claimants and against the deputy
collector who causes the seizure to be made.
I presume without any doubt, whether the law
authorizes such a proceeding or not, that if the
deputy collector feels that this whisky is about
to be surrendered against the law, he can appeal
formally or informally to the Secretary of the
Treasury. Now, I understand that that appeal
by the deputy collector in California from the
decision of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, because of error in that decision, has not
been made, and it is with a view to an informal
and authorized action of the Senate upon this
subject that this resolution has been intro-
duced.
Whether the law—and I do not know whether
it does or not—gives the deputy collector who
causes the seizure of property to be made for
violation of the revenue laws a right to appeal
from the decision of the Commissioner where
that decision has been against the seizure, I
presume that if this deputy collector had any
real ground of grievance he could formally or
informally bring the decision of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue before the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and have his judgment
upon the decision of the Commissioner. I
understand that this has not been done. If it
has not been done, in my judgment, there cer-
tainly is no sufficient reason Tor the interposi-
tion of the Senate in the matter.
Now, Mr. President, I will make one or two
remarks in relation to this subject. Of these
four thousand barrels of whisky sixteen hun-
dred were distilled by constituents and friends
of mine, the firm of Alexander & White.
They succeeded Miller, whose whisky became
very celebrated, especially upon the Pacific
coast, and who commenced its distillation about
fifteen years since. He adopted the emblem
of the chicken-cock, and has his whisky barrels
branded with it, and it has been known ever
since as the "Chicken-Cock Whisky," and is
no such stuff as the honorable Senator from
Ohio says is distilled in Cincinnati and from
there retailed to California, but it is an article
of the very first class.
This firm is composed of two as honorable
and honestmenas there are in the U nited States.
Their character is above suspicion and above
reproach. They have been selling for years
the whole product of their distillery to a man
by the name of Coleman, of New York. They
sold sixteen hundred barrels of this lot of
four thousand barrels to Coleman and received
instructions from him to pay the tax upon those
sixteen hundred barrels of whisky, and to ship
it to California via New York. They did so.
Mr. Alexander has been in this city and has con-
ferred with me in relation to the subject. The
whisky was barreled; they paid the taxes upon
it according to the directions of the purchaser,
Coleman, and after the payment of the taxes
they shipped that whisky by his direction via
New York to San Francisco. Mr. Alexander
does not know what was done with the whisky
after he shipped it, placed it upon the cars,
and forwarded it; but up to that point of time
he knows and he assures me that everything
was lawful and fair, and that the tax was paid
to the uttermost cent, and I indorse unequivo-
cally the truth of his statement in relation to
it. I have no doubt that everything was per-
fectly fair and according to law up to the
moment of time when this whisky parted from
the custody of that firm.
Distillers in Kentucky desire no evasions or
frauds in the payment of the taxes upon whisky
to be successful. They are fair dealers and
distillers. They contemplate and practice no
frauds upon the Treasury. They distill an ar-
ticle fairly, and in the presence of the country
they account for every gallon they make, and
they pay the legal tax upon every gallon, and
they want every other distiller to be forced to
keep the same terms of the law, because it is
only by a general payment of the tax by all
distillers that the fair dealers can enter into
competition with any prospect of success in the
sale of their article. These gentlemen in Paris,
Kentucky, and other distillers in Kentucky
with whom I am acquainted, desire or favor
the passage of no whisky through the custom-
house or into market except by the payment
of the full tax upon it, and they are willing to
render all the influence and assistance they can
to compel the exact and punctual payment
of all taxes upon whisky, because it is their
interest to do so.
These gentlemen have no other interest in
this matter except this, which is an indirect
interest: Mr. Coleman is their customer ; they
have always found him honest, punctual, and
faithful to themselves and to the Government.
They have another contract with Mr. Coleman
for fifteen hundred or two thousand barrels of
whisky, which he cannot receive and pay
for unless this whisky is relieved from its
seizure and he is enabled to sell it in mar-
ket in the course of fair traffic. He will then
possess himself of the means of keeping his
contract to purchase with these parties. That
is the interest, and the only interest that they
have in the matter.
In relation to the other whisky involved in
this seizure those gentlemen know nothing
and I know nothing. In relation to the six-
teen hundred barrels, I suppose I know that
the Commissioner has decided correctly accord-
ing to the law and the fact, unless some fraud
has been practiced, of which Alexander &
White know nothing, and of which I know
nothing.
As to the general panegyric that has been
pronounced so generously by members of the
Senate upon the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue at present I say nothing. When the
proper time comes, as it will come, I shall give
some facts in relation to that Commissioner
and in relation to his official conduct which, in
the judgment of any unprejudiced man, would
not entitle him. to the high panegyrics that have
been delivered upon him for his integrity in
his office. But of that I shall speak at the
proper time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired and the Virginia, bill is before
the Senate, the pending question being on the
amendmentof the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds,] on which the Senator from Ne-
braska [Mr. Thayer] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Nebraska allow me to offer a resolution which
will take but a moment?
Mr. THAYER. Certainly.
regent of smithsonian institution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present consider-
ation :
Resolved, That the President of the Senate appoint
a member to fill the vacancy in the Board of Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution occasioned by the
death ot Hon. William Pitt Fessenden, late a Sen-
ator from the State of Maine.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair ap-
points to fill the vacancy in the Board of Re-
gents of the Smithsonian Institution, caused
by the death of Mr. Fessenden, the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.]
executive communication.
Mr. POMEROY. With the consent of the
Senator from Nebraska, I wish to submit a mo-
tion to reconsider an order which was entered
yesterday, to print some documents received
from the Secretary of the Interior in relation
to the sale of certain lands in Kansas known
as the lands of the "Black Bob" band of
Shawnees. The documents came here in re-
sponse to a resolution offered by my colleague,
and as he was not in his seat at the time I moved
that they be printed, not knowing what they
were. I find that they are very voluminous,
and I ask for a reconsideration of the motion
that the subject may go to the Committee on
Printing, in order that they may judge of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
at the time that they were voluminous, but the
Senator desired to have them printed. The
Senator now moves to reconsidcr the motion
by which they were ordered to be printed. The
Chair hears no objection, and it is so ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. I now move that the
papers be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
message eroji the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 861) making appropria-
tions to defray the expenses of the Committee
on Banking and Currency; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 117) author-
izing the Secretary of War to placo at the dis-
posal of "Bridge's Battery Association" at
Chicago, Illinois, certain captured ordnance.
state op virginia.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 783) to admit the State of Virginia to rep-
resentation in the Congress of the United
States, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Edmunds, which was to in-
sert at the end of the bill the following proviso :
Provided, That before any member of the Legisla-
ture of said State shall take or resume hisseat, orany
officer of said State shall enter upon the duties of his
office, he shall take, subscribe, and file in the office
of the secretary of State of Virginia for permanent
preservation an oath in the form following: " I, 
 , do solemnly swear that I have never taken an
oath as a member of Congress, or as an officer of the
United States, or as a member of any State Legisla-
ture, or as an executive or judicial officer of any
State, to support the Constitution of the United
States, a.nd afterward engaged in insurrection or re-
bellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to
the enemies thereof; so help me Godor such per-
son shall in like manner take, subscribe, and file the
following oath: " I, , do solemnly swearthat
I have, by act of Congress of the United States, been
relieved from the disabilities imposed upon me by
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of tho
United States; so help me God;" which oaths shall
be taken before and certified by any officer lawfully
authorized to administer oaths. And anj person
who shall knowingly swear falsely in taking either
of such oatlis shall be deemed guilty of peijury, and
shall be punished therefor by imprisonment not less
than one year and not more than ten years, and
shall be fined not less than SI,000 and not moro than
$10,000. And in all trials tor any violation of this
resolution the certificate of the taking of either of
said oaths, with proof of the signature of the party
accused, shall be taken and held as conclusive evi-
dence that such oath was regularly and lawfully
administered bycompetentauthority: Andprovided
further, That every person who shall neglect forthe
period of thirty days next after the passage of this
resolution to take, subscribe, and file such oath as
aforesaid shall be deemed and taken, to all intents
and purposes, to have vacated his office.
Mr. THAYER concluded his speech of yes-
terday. [See Appendix.]
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I should not have
obtruded a single remark more upon the Sen-
ate in relation to the question now pending if
it had not been for what the honorable Senator
from Nebraska said yesterday, which I think
demands at my hands at least a fuller explana-
tion of the views which I hold in this case. If
the question before the Senate was the repeal
of the law of the 10th of April last the argument,
of the distinguished Senator from Nebraska
