1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4683
the gentleman from Massachusetts is opposed
to giving a collegiate education to these peo-
ple because we do not give it to others, but
only provide for a common-school education.
Let me say thaUthe unfortunate people who
are deaf and dumb are peculiarly situated.
There is no other institution where they can
obtain a collegiate education except this one.
It is necessary, in order to supply teachers
to the deaf and dumb of the United States,
that there should be somewhere an institution
which shall prepare students for the peculiar
and difficult work of teaching the deaf and
dumb. Nearly every State in the Union lias
its asylum for the deat and dumb, where they
are taken through the preliminaries of educa-
tion, and are elevated from the condition of
being irresponsible persons, which is the condi-
tion of the uneducated deaf and dumb; for, in
the eye of the common law, they are not held
responsible even for murder. They are not
considered persons. But by the benevolent
institutions of the United States and other
countries which have paid attention to this
matter, they have been lifted up into the full
lesponsibility of citizenship and the full obliga-
tion to obey the laws.
Now, here is an institution in the city of
Washington that carries tho education of the
deaf and dumb to the highest point necessary
to fit the students who go there to be the
teachers of that class. We have here an insti-
tution which, according to the laws and regula-
tions now governing it, we have ourselves a
part in the work of controlling, which allows
students coming from all the deaf and dumb
institutions in the various States of the Union,
alter they have got in those institutions all the
advancement they are capable of getting there,
to come here and complete the course of study
which will fit them to be teachers of the deaf
and dumb. The result is that one institution
here, as it were in the center, supplies, or can
supply, all the asylums for the deaf and dumb
in the United States with thoroughly educated
teachers, fully qualified for the work; and I
know of no single thing which this Congress
c.m do that will have more beneficial results to
the whole body of the people than to have
one institution officially kept up to supply
teachers for the various deaf and dumb insti-
tutions throughout the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNAitD. I move to amend by
striking out in line one hundred and seventy-
four "§94,087," and inserting in lieu thereof
''§95,000." As the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] has just informed the House, we
discussed this subject very much at length two
years ago, the result of which was the passage
of an appropriation bill on July 27, 18(38, into
an act which I hold in my hand, and a portion
of which I will ask the Clerk to read. The
first, second, and third sections of that act
afford the best answer that can be given to
some of the objections which have been made
to the making of this appropriation.
The Clerk read as follows:
" I'or continuing tho work upon the buildings of
the institution, in accordance with tho plan hereto-
lore submit Led to Congress, $18,000. _
"Skc. 2. And be it further ennctcd. That m adduion
to tho directors whoso appointment ha" heretofore
ii"< n in ovulcd lor by law there shall bo thioe other
cirectois appointed in tho lollowmir manner: one
H"n,itor by the President IheBcnnto, and tvro
Representatives by the Speaker of the House; these
directots to hold their ot'iioo lor the term ot a single
(.\msrcss, and to be eligible to a reappointment.
"Sru.o. AndbcitJUithndmck'.'t That no part ot
!lie real orpeisonal property now heldor tobehere-
aller acquired by the said institution shall be de-
\uted toany othc purposetiian the edueatiouol the
deal and dumb, nor shall any portion ol tae real
estate ho aliened, sold, or conveyed, except under
too authority of a. special act of Congress."
.Mr. MAYNARI). There are three points
there to which i cull the attention ot the House.
The first is, that the property is placed ^ under
the control of Congress for all future time by
the act. of 1808. The second is that the con-
trol ot this institution is taken by^ Congress
by its appointing for caeh term ot Congress
one Senator and two Representatives as a part
of tho board of directors. The third, which
comes more nearly to the present proposition
of my friend from Michigan, is that we make
an appropriation of $48,000 for eontinuingthe
work of the buildings in accordance with the
plan submitted to Congress. Congress had
before it the plan of the buildings which were
in contemplation, and for the purpose of carry-
ing on the work the sum of $48,000 was appro-
priated. Thatworkhasbeengoingonin accord-
ance with that plau. Geutlemen ask by what
authority more money has been expended than
we appropriated. It has not been done. The
carpenters and artisans have been willing to
work upon the faith of Congress pledged in
this law. Materials have been furnished upon
the faith of Congress pledged in this law for
performing the work in accordance with the
plan submitted to Congress, and approved by
Congress in our legislation. That is all there
is of it; and this sum is for the purpose of pay-
ing for work already done, and for materials
furnished in carrying on the plans already
approved to their completion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MUNGEN. I rise to oppose this
amendment. I want it distinctly understood,
in the first place, that so far as charity toward
the unfortunate class to whom the amendment
relates is concerned, I have as much as the
honorable chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations or my colleague from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield.] Nor do I wish to bo under-
stood as opposing anything that is just and
right in this matter. But I want to call atten-
tion to the fact that we have in our own State
ample provision for all this class of unfortu-
nates. So they have in Massachusetts: so
they have everywhere in the northern States
at least. I believe they have all through the
Union, but I am sure it is the case in the
northern States. I am opposed to this measure
while we are taxed to keep our own unfortu-
nates, not only of this class, but the idiotic and
insane, and all that class of persons.
I am willing to pay a reasonable proportion
in behalf of the Government for the support
of this institution, but I am not willing to vote
to keep up a large set of teachers here to live
off the Government; and although the gentle-
man has insinuated that! was so obtuse that I
could not understand it, I understand very well
that if we get up privileges for forty more deaf
and dumb persons we will have teachers for
forty more. I am willing personally and pecu-
niarily, and in every way I can, to provide for
everybody who is deaf and dumb; but I am
unwilling to tax the people of the United States
to keep up a concern here to feed a lot of lazy,
idle teachers, and give a collegiatc education
to the deaf and dumb. It is a mere flash in
the pan to show great charity when I know that
the people are charitable as we are in Con-
gress. I know we have as good institutions of
this sort in Ohio as any in the United States.
1 am opposed to all these extravagant appro-
priation:!. This little item of §94,000 may look
like a trifle here, but it is a great deal when it
comes lrom labor, not from capital; for that
is the way in which taxes are levied and col-
lected under this Administration and by this
Congress, while bondholders and railroads go
untouched.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew the amendment. 1
do not know that I shall be able to explain
this matter fully in five minutes, and I would
like a littie more time, so that the House may
understand it fully.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man for some information in relation to the
I report of the superintendent, which I hold in
' iuv hand. There seems to be an amount ot
indebtedness on which the Government is
in the sum tu $.'.005. I would
like to know what that indebtedness was in-
curred for, whether for building houses or for
what, and whether if we pay the interest we
shall be bound to pay the principal, and if so
how much, the principal will amount to. At
seven per cent., $7,000 would be the interest
on $100,000. It may be that $100,000 have
been expended over and above any amount
ever appropriated by Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I thought the gentleman
was going to put an interrogatory to me, and
not to make a speech.
Mr. COBURN. Well, the gentleman from
Massachusetts has had the floor a good deal,
and I have not had it at all.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the time occupied
by the gentleman will not be taken out of my
time ; that is all.
Mr. COBURN. This is an important mat-
ter. These persons may go on and involve the
Government in debtand force us to pay enorm-
ous appropriations, hundreds of thousands of
dollars, and we cannot tell where they will be.
I would like to know something about it.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, the particular
provision of the bill which it is proposed to
strike out is the appropriation for completing
the building. It therefore opens the question
whether the building shall be left unfinished,
or whether we shall go on and complete it by
making this appropriation. I desire to statiT^
to the committee that if this bill passes the/
institution will cease to receive for gratuitous \
education persons not residents of the District.
After the passage of this bill no one notaresi-
dentof the District will be entitled to gratuitous
education at the institution. Some lour or five
years ago Congress authorized ten students,
and subsequently twenty-five students, to be
sent there from the States to receive gratuitous
instruction. Those managing the institution
desire that the number of such students shall
be increased to forty. The committee propose
to permit forty to be sent there from the differ-
ent States ; but they are not to be instructed
gratuitously; their expenses are hereafter to
be paid by the States sending them. —*
Now, thequestion is whetherit isworth while
for us to have an institution for the education
of the deaf and dumb of the District. When
every State in the Union, large or small, old
or young, rich or poor, is endeavoring to edu-
cate its deaf and dumb, shall we, whose duty
it is to provide for the proper education of the
people of this District, say that the unfortunate
class now under consideration shall receive no
education at all ? This institution originated in
a benefaction. It has been enlarged by the aid
of appropriations made by Congress. The ques-
tion is, whether we acknowledge the duty of
educating the deaf and dumb of this District up
to the standard of instruction now proposed.
My colleague [Mr. Butler] says he admits it is
perfectly proper that they should receive a com-
mon-school education. This brings up another
question. It ha3 been demonstrated to the
world, notwithstanding the doubts of my col-
league, that it is possible to give a certain por-
tion of these students not only a common-school
education, but such an education in the higher
branches of learning as will render them useful
members of society and ornaments to the differ-
ent professions.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My col-
league will pardon me. I did not mean to say
that it could not be done. But the question
with me was whether it was worth while to
attempt to do it.
Mr. DAWES. The question " whether it is
worth whiie to attempt to do it'1 is a very
serious question for us to answer when we have
the means within our power. Is it worth while
to undertake by any extra effort or expend-
iture to give to some of this unfortunate class,
who have lost one of their five senses, such
an education as will make them equally useiul
members of society with those who do not labor
mider such a deurivation ?
Mr. Chairman, it so happens that there are
not a great many of this class who are so bright
