3740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of Jnmes
F. Boaeman, of Clark county, Arkansas, for
removal of disabilities.
Also, the petition of Michael Bozeman, of
Clark county, Arkansas, for removal of dis-
abilities.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of O. F.
Waller, of the forty-eighth regiment Wiscon-
sin volunteer infantry, asking for extra pay and
allowances.
By Mr. STRONG: Petitions of citizens of
Hartford, Connecticut, for the importation of
lead duty free.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 24, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, and by unan-
imous consent, tbe reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its-Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following joint resolutions ; which were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 31) authorizing
Lieutenant Commander Arthur A. Yates, Sur-
geon Albert L. Gilion, Passed Assistant Sur-
geon Charles H. Wbite, atid Assistant Surgeon
Jerome H. Kidder, of the United States Navy,
toaooept-deeorations from the king of Portugal
in recognition of bamane services; and
A joint resolution {S. R. No. 131) to author-
ise the payment of the full salary of Alvin P.
Hovey as minister in Peru, without deduction
on account of absence from bis post.
annexation of dominica.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I have had
transmitted to me from one of the districts in
the Dominican republic three papers in the
Spanish language, very numerously signed,
addressed to the Senate of tbe United States.
They are protests against the annexation of
the Dominican republic, in whole or in part, to
the United States.
A week ago the Senator from New York [Mr.
Conkxing] presented a petition from citizens
of the city of New York in favor of tbe annex-
ation of the Dominican republic to the United
States, and it was received by the Senate in
open session and laid upon the table. 1 there-
fore Have felt it my duty to present these
papers, believing that they do not fall within
the character of a petition simply from citizens
of a foreign Government; but under the pecu-
liar relations bow existing between the United
States and the Dominican Government th-ey
may be fairly presented, fairly received, and
laid upoin our table with other papers relating
to that aut^ect-matter, and receive tbe consider-
ation «f the Senate, particularly as we find in
the Globe, containing the official report of the
firoceedings of Congress, that joint resolutions
are being presented in oote House of Congress
favoring such schemesof annexation. in order
to understand the propriety of the reception
of these papers I will state very briefly their
contests.
The first on« is signed by between four and
five thousand citizens of the various districts
of San Juan, Las Matas, Cercado, Nejba, and
Eineou; and as the application is very brief,
I will read it:
"God! Our CoaBtry! Liberty! Dominican Re-
public!" 
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose, Mr. President,
the Senator is readiqg this as a part of bis
remarks.
Mr. FERRY. Entirely so. It is very brief.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall object to the recep-
tion of the paper.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut is making ita part of bis retoarks.
Mr. FERRY. Yes, sir. It proceeds:
"'Tho undersigned authorities and inhabitants of
the district of Sun Juan declnre beforoGod and men
that it is without our knowledge, and likewise with-
out our consent, that the President Buenaventura
Baez (who usurped power) has leased the bay of
Satnana, and had other transactions with the Gov-
ernment of the United States" 
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator will allow me
to interpose. If this petition is in order the
Senator is in order. If the petition is not re-
ceivable the Senator certainly is not within the
line of order in commenting upou it. It is for
the Chair to determine.
Mr. FERRY. 1 am at present 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
determine the poiut. The twenty-fourth rule
states that—
" Every petition or memorial, or other paper, shall
be referred, of course, without putting a question for
that purpose, unless the reference is objected to by
a Senator at tho time such petition, memorial, or
other paper is presented; and before any petition or
memorial addressed to tho Senate shall be received
and read at thetablo" * * * * "a brief
statementof thoeontents of the petition or memorial
shall verbally -be made by the introducer."
The Senator from Maine objects that this is
& petition from citizens of a foreign nation 
Mr. HAMLIN. No; the Senator from Kan-
sas made the objection. I only stated that if
the objection was well taken debate was out
of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is correct.
If the point of order is well taken, the matter
is not subject to debate upon the general par-
liamentary rule that that which is not properly
before the body cannot be debated.
Mr. FERRY. I am stating simply the con-
tents of these memorials, in accordance with
the rule which has just been read by the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator,
however, stated in advance of that, that this
was a paper which, by decisions of the Senate
made three or four times, does notcome within
the purview of the twenty-fourth rule, the
wordsj' petition or memorial" there contained
being understood to relate to petitions and
j memorials from citizens of this country,
j Mr. FERRY. If, then, the Chair decides
i that it is improper for me to state the contents
of the petitions which I present previously to
submitting some considerations which I request
the Chair to hear before deciding the question
of order, I will not state the contents of the
papers, but state those considerations which
have led me to believe that in the peculiar cir-
cumstances of these papers it is proper for the
Senate to receive tbem 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The difficulty,
however, in the matter, is that the Senator
from Connecticut has in advance stated that
these are petitions and memorials whioh by the
rules of the Senate cannot be received.
I Mr. FERRY. At the same time that I
j stated that these papers were from citizens of
| a foreign Government I stated also that the
I relations between that Government and the
: Government of the United States, between the
citizens of that nation and the Senate of the
United States, are such as lead me to believe
that these petitions do not fall withinthe usage
which has been referred to. There is no law,
there is no rale of tbe Senate, there is merely
a usage precluding the reception of petitions
from citizens or subjects of a foreign Govern-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Connecticut that on
the principlethat he has now laid down almost
any petition from a foreign subject could be
received if his argument were true; because
we are bound to other nations in the family of
nations by treaties of amity, which it might be
said ought to allow petitions from foreign sub-
jects complaining of wrongs done by our own
Government or citizens to be received. That,
however, has been decided adversely in the
Senate upon repeated occasions, once upon
appeal from the Chair to the Senate, and on
two other occasions, after debate, by the con-
current sentiment of the Senate. It is not,
therefore, within the power of the Chair, unless
he attempts to reverse that rule, which of course
he has 110 authority to do, to receive these
papers.
Mr. FERRY. I will, then, for thfi purpose
of having the objection formally made, ask
unanimous consent to present these papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That may be done.
The Senator from Connecticut asks uuanimous
consent 
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas objects, and the papers cannot be re-
ceived. The Chair will state to the Senator
from Connecticut that in the debates upon this
subject it has been generally held by the Sen-
ators who spoke upon it, even by Mr. Webster,
who thought citizens of a foreign country might
have the right, and ought to have the right, to
petition our country, that it was proper to
transmit such papers to the Department of
State, the Department through which this
nation conducts its affairs with foreign coun-
tries, and then they can be submitted by the
Department of State to the Senate.
Mr. FERRY. I am aware of that.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions and
memorials are in order.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Samuel Davis, M. D.,of Wolf Glade, Carroll
county, Virginia ; of Robert S. Bonhm, of
Smyth county, Virginia; and of Thomas O.
Brent, of Northumberland county, Virginia,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
He also presented the petitions of Robert
Prunty, of Shady Grove, Virginia, and of
Thomas H. W. Upshur, M. D., of Richmond,
Virginia, praying the removal of their political
disabilities ; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Vernon H. Vaughan, of Tuscaloosa, Alabama,
praying the removal of bis political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of John W.
Wiggonton, of Alabama, praying the removal
of his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
Samuel Elinger, of the city of Baltimore, ask-
j ingfor payment for horses purchased from him
by the agents of the Government; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
Thomas J. M. McElrath, of Carroll county.
! Kentucky, praying the removal of his political
! disabilities; which was referred to the select
: Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of D. D.
Fiske, of Portsmouth, Virginia; of George V.
Case, of Nelson county, Virginia; of James T.
Clarke, of Augusta county, Virginia; of George
H. Chrisman, of Rockingham county, Virginia,
and of F. M. Ervin and Q. A. Herring, sen.,
of Rockingham county, Virginia, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities. '
i He also presented the petitions of William H.
Walker, of Albemarle county, Virginia, and of i
John C. Rusmisel, of Augusta county, Virginia, i
! praying the removal of their political disabil- j
ities; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SPENCER. I present the petition of
Hiram Ausbern, of Franklin county, Alabama,
asking payment for two horses taken by the i|
United States authorities during tbe war. Mr. «
