540
Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January IB,
would be entirely applicable, bat upon the
present question I claim that it is entirely inap-
plicable.
A series of reconstruction acts, as they are
called, that have received not only my sanction
but the sanction of the majority of the Repub-
licans of this body, have been passed from time
to time, to which I have given my most cor-
dial and earnest support. Notwithstanding the
passage of those acts there were last spring,
just before the adjournment of Congress, three
States of the Union that seemed to be unpro-
vided for, or which would have to stand in the
position they then occupied until Congress
again met, unless a bill was passed authoriz-
ing the President of the United States, at his
discretion, to submit in the way prescribed by
that law to those several States a mode of
returning again to the fold of the American
Union. The provisions of the law we then
passed received my hearty support, and they
received the support of the honorable Senator
from Nebraska.
If the honorable Senator felt then that that
law was insufficient it was his duty to have
prescribed more rigid and more exacting meas-
ures ; but in that law it was prescribed that the
President of the United States should submit
the constitution framed in Virginia to the people
of that State as a whole or in parts. And it
will not bo forgotten that we had passed at that
time from standing here as guards instead of
legislators; that by the wisdom of the country
the executive officer of this nation held the
highest degree of confidence of the people of
both parties ; and it was at such a time that
the Senate of the United States determined to
leave the whole matter discretionary with him,
and full power was given to him to submit the
constitution of the State of Virginia to the
people, either to reject some of its provisions
or to have them all retained, as in his judg-
ment he thought best. I trust that my Radi-
calism is too well established to be questioned
even by the Senator from Nebraska. It will
be remembered that at that time what is known
as the Radical party of Virginia, headed by Gov-
ernor Wells, andtheConservativeparty, headed
by others, were both hero invoking Congress to
do something. I was importuned myself—and
I form no exception to the mass of Senators—
by both parties to have some law passed by
which Virginia could be admitted.
I thought then, as the Radicals thought, that
they had the power to carry that State. They
interposed no objection to this law; they urged
its passage. The representatives of the Rad-
ical party here from that State urged its pas-
sage upon us and its immediate considera-
tion. They thought then, as I say I thought,
that they had the power to carry that State for
the Republican party. But, sir, the rule was
not prescribed for the Radicals; the rule as
laid down was a rule of action for that State,
and they took the chances of success or defeat,
as every party does that enters the arena of
politics. That constitution was submitted,
under the power granted to the President, to
the people of Virginia by the President, and
they were at liberty to vote whether the two
provisions of the constitution which have been
specially referred to should remain a part of
the constitution or whether they should be
stricken out. Upon that question it seems
that the Conservative party, so called, were tri-
umphant. Indeed, I do not know that that is
altogether a fair conclusion, from the fact that
I have not at hand what the result of the vote
upon that constitution was ; but it was adopted
as it now stands by an overwhelming majority,
and therefore I take it for granted that a large
proportion of the Radical party, yea, all of ehem,
voted for the adoption of this constitution as it
is. Why do I say so? Because I find, if my
recollection is correct, that 0,000 votes only in
the State of Virginia were polled in opposition I
to the present constitution. The vote was
210,000 for it; 9,000 against it 1 I assume,
therefore, that the 9,000 were Democrats.
Tljat, I think, is about a fair division of the
parties. Of the votes cast 9,136—to give the
exact figures, which a friend has handed to
me—were polled against the adoption of the
constitution as it now stands.
What voice could be more potent to us than
that—the voice of united Virginia, with scarcely
votes enough against the adoption of the con-
stitution to count as " scattering?" It stands
before us to-day as the recorded judgment of
the citizens of Virginia. What does my hon-
orable friend from Nebraska say to that?
Where stood our Radical friends in that fight?
Side by side and shoulder to shoulder with the
Conservative party of Virginia for the adop-
tion of this constitution with these, to them,
obnoxious provisions stricken out. Sir, all
classes, both Radical and Conservative, are
estopped from denying that this constitution is
overwhelmingly the judgment of Virginia as
recorded by her ballots. Does my honorable
friend from Nebraska desire to hurl back in
the teeth of his Radical friends the fact that
they misjudged in their manner of voting? Do
we stand here as sitting in judgment upon the
opinions then expressed by them? I answer
nay. I repeat then, sir, I stand here upon my
position as sustaining the recorded judgment
of two hundred and ten thousand against nine
thousand opponents. This exhibits a unanim-
ity unparalleled, unusual, at least as a polit-
ical expression, upon the great chart by which
a people are to be guided and governed—their
constitution.
Therefore, Mr. President, I ask my honor-
able friend from Nebraska to recall his cen-
sures upon me as having deserted the Radical
party when I but echo its voice.
Mr. THAYER. Will my friend permit me
to remark that I certainly uttered no word
implying desertion to him?
Mr. NYE. I understand what it was; you
wept over me, and I was about to say at that
time, "Weep not for me, but weep for your-
self." [Laughter.] I understand precisely
what it meant. The Senator said that he did
not mean it in an offensive sense, but his heart
bled over the recreancy of Republicans, and
that the Senator from Nevada who sat furthest
from him, (referring to me,) who had been as
true as the needle to the pole till his head was
gray, had left with others. Sir, I stand here
upon this record to vindicate myself and the
Radical portion of the State of Virginia, for
they voted for this constitution. Does the hon-
orable Senator or do those who desire to
change this constitution propose to sit in judg-
ment on them and say that they were mistaken?
They have spoken for themselves in the most
solemn manner, each individually for himself
by his ballot, and they have sent up here as
the united judgment of the Radical and the
Conservative party the highest indorsement
and approval of this constitution.
Suppose our Radical friends had succeeded
in Virginia, they would have had the same
constitution, and should we not have laughed
in the faces of the Conservative party if they
had attempted to come here and by legisla-
tive enactment overthrow the voice of a free
people? Certainly we should. That is pre-
cisely the ground on which I stand now; this
is the voice of united Virginia, and that is the
reason it receives my indorsement.
But my honorable friend from Nebraska
seems to think that his duty goes further than
those who go for this measure as it is; that he
has a higher and a nobler duty; that he is to
sec that all classes of men are protected every-
where. I join with my honorable friend in
that; it is the highest duty of the Government
to protect its citizens wherever they may be,
on sea or land, and to resent promptly an in-
sult offered to its humblest one. Sir, that
power is not lost to this Government if Vir-
ginia has a Conservative Governor or a Con-
servative Legislature. That power remains
inherent in this Government, and whenever a
State refuses to protect its citizens it is the
bounden duty of the Government of the United
States to step forth in its majesty and givethem
that protection. And whatever party may have
succeeded in Virginia, whatever party may
succeed anywhere, whenever that faet is ap-
parent it is the duty and it is within the power
of this Government to step forth to rescue its
citizens from wrong. That argument, there-
fore, falls to the ground.
The plain English, then, of the argument
of the Senator from Nebraska is, "We "will
hold this State in its-present condition of un-
certainty until the Radical party shall have got
power in Virginia.'! Sir, I have too high a
regard for the elective franchise, I -value too
highly that privilege of the American citizen
not to, bow to its behests always. Ay, sir, how
often have all of us stood in a position where
a few more votes would have helped ns; but
" the voice of the people is the voice of God,"
so far as that is concerned.
Mr. President, the law of April 10, 1869,
which I hold in my hand, prescribes exactly
what the Legislature of Virginia, no matter by
what party it might be elected, was required
to do before that State could be again received
in this Union or entitled to representation in
Congress. I asked the other day when I had
the honor to address the Senate, I ask again
now, is there a single provision, a single re-
quirement of this law that was prescribed to
them which they have not complied with ? I
ask the honorable Senator from Nebraska if
they have not fulfilled it to its extremest re-
quirement, and met it and fulfilled its obliga-
tions like men?
Mr. President, I presume I have no higher
regard for plighted honor and for plighted faith
than the honorable Senator from Nebraska;
perhaps not so high a regard ; but I hold to this
rule of action in every sphere of life: stand by
youragreement- If you were unfortunate in the
conditions of your agreements stand by them
at all hazards. I understand this to have been
the agreement on the part of the Congress of
the Unitc-d States: that if Virginia fulfilled the
conditions of the law of April 10, 1889, there
were to be no further questions put. Is there
a Senator around this circle who did not un-
derstand it so ? Is there one who does not so
understand it now?
Now, sir, to illustrate a little. Suppose they
had come here and asked admission with one
of the conditions non-fulfilled, quicker than
thought would the honorable Senator from
Nebraska say to them, " You have not fulfilled
your obligations," and that would have been
good reason for keeping them out.
Mr. YATES. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him for a moment ?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. YATES. Since the passage of the re-
construction measures have we not proposed a
new amendment to the Constitution ?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. YATES. The question whether these
States should ratify that amendment wag not
under consideration during the pendency of
the reconstruction measures. It is a new ques-
tion ; it presents a new issue. Since the adop-
tion of the reconstruction measures a new
question has arisen, the question whether they
will ratify our amendment ef the Constitution—
a new question, and the Republican Union
party have put themselves upon that issue.
We stand by that amendment; we stand by our
agreement of course; but a new state of things
has arisen and a new question is presented.
If these men are loyal they can subscribe to
our terms.
Mr. NYE. I understand, I think, the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, and my answer
to him is that that very new question was what
we dealt with in this law; that new question
arising was what gave birth to the law which I
am considering, and Congress settled the con-
ditions by this law.
Mr. President, when my friend from Illinois
asked me to give way, I was trying to show
