1870.
THE COKGE1SSIOKAL GLOBE.
5629
unrepentant slave holders, regardless alike of
tlie permanent and enduring interests of the
country and of the dignity of labor, may
encourage and applaud it. They may applaud
the importation of cheap labor under this sys-
tem by which the laborer is bound to service
for a series of years, and by which his family,
if misfortune and failure shall come upon him,
is sold into slavery ; they may talk of obtaining
cheap labor in the cheapest markets, as the
free-trader talks of purchasing goods in the
cheapest markets, but the iniquitous traffic will
receive, as it should receive, the condemnation
of the just, the humane, and the generous. Dis-
guise this system as you may it is essentially
a system oi involuntary servitude, and justice,
humanity, and religion demand its immediate
extirpation. This bill, which has the sanc-
tion of the Judiciary Committee of the Senate,
is intended to accomplish that much-desired
result; and I trust that before its adjournment
Congress will enact it and that the Govern-
ment will rigidly enforce it, and that under its
operation this labor-contract system will wholly
God. in His providence, has given to the peo-
ple of the United States a land of wonderful
resources yet to be developed. The wisdom
and valor of the past established here free insti-
tutions, and the wisdom and valor of the pres-
ent age have enlarged and perfected them.
The name and fame of the Republic of the
United States are arousing and awakening the
attention of mankind, and annually drawing
hundreds of thousands to our shores. Nor
should the gateways of the Republic be closed
against these immigrants who freely come to
cast their lot among us. Whether they come
from Europe or from Asia or from Africa they
must be protected by just and equal laws. Man
is doomed to eat his bread by the sweat of his
face. He has a right to labor, and to the fruits
of his labor. He has a right to engage in
employments he may deem best adapted to his
capacities. He must be protected in his right
to labor, and the fruits of his labor must be
secured. Whatever may be his race, or color,
or language, or religion, he must enjoy the
benefits ot free institutions if he shall desire
to cast in his lot with us, to abjure the Govern-
ment under which he was born, to make our
country his own, and to accept the rights and
responsibilities of American citizenship. Those
rights must be secured to him, and those re-
sponsibilities must be imposed upon him.
That the freedmati of the South, who has
passed from chattelhood to American citizen-
ship with all its rights and responsibilities, who
is gathering his family about him, establishing
his home, and educating his children by the
wages of manual labor, should feel appre-
hensive when he reads in the public journals or
hears from the lips of old masters, who cling
with tenacity to the policy of the past, that
the cheap labor of Asia is to be imported un-
der labor contracts running through years to
cheapen his wages and to displace him alto-
gether, can surprise none. Nor is it a matter
of surprise that the mechanics and free work-
ingmen of the North, where "labor," in the
words of Mr. Webster, " looks up and is proud
in the midst of its toil," should keenly feel the
degradation which this contract-labor system
brings with it.
The toiling men of the South and of the
North, and those who desire to see in Amer-
ica labor well rewarded, intelligent, and inde-
pendent, all alike demand the extirpation at
once and forever of this vile, slavish, and
abominable contract system. Let Congress
act. Let the tribunals promptly execute. Let
the infamous system be cut up root and branch.
Then, when it shall have perished utterly, will
the laborer, when he comes voluntarily and
without bonds from Ireland and Germany, or
from Japan and China, or from any other por-
tion of the globe, be received, as he should
be by the American people of every national-
ity; creed, and occupation, as a man and a
brother. Neglect or refuse to legislate against
this contract-labor traffic, let it go on, stim-
ulated as it will be by selfishness and cupidity,
and the conviction of its injustice and degrad-.
ing influences will sink down deep into the
minds of the toiling millions of our country-
men, and in their resentments they may forget
the high claims of humanity and Christianity
that bid us suffer wrong rather than do wrong.
But whatever may be the result of our action
or non-action touching this abominable traffic,
our duties as individuals are clearly defined
and made imperative by our political creed and
Christian faith. Our Christian civilization,
republican institutions and labor system may
be tested by the free immigration of these
children of another civilization and another
faith. But whatever may be the strain upon
our civilization, institutions, customs, modes,
and manners, we must be ever true to our faith
in humanity, and to that divine precept that
teaches the brotherhood of man.
Mr. CHANDLER.. I would suggest to my
friend from Vermont that if he deems this
time too long, he accept six months. The bill
can be repealed, of course, immediately on the
assembling of Congress, if it is found not to
work well. The Senate will notice that when
I first, drew this bill it was for three years. It
was then cut down to eight months upon con-
sultation with members of the other House and
members of the Senate, and with the Presi-
dent and the Cabinet. I am willing, however,
and I suggest to the Senator that he accept
six months.
Mr. WILSON". I will move that as an
amendment, to make it six months.
Mr. CHANDLER. If my friend from Ver-
mont will accept six months, I will agree to it.
We can repeal it on the first day of the session
if it is not found to work well, or we can con-
tinue it longer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I could not
accept six months or five, but I will modify my
amendment so as to say four months. I am
very certain that this is by no means a clear
question. We have now in the port of New
York, I snppose, nearly a dozen large iron
steamers unemployed, and what few we have
engaged in trade are now engaged, perhaps, in
an unprofitable trade. I understand that there
are works in the city of New York which are
fully capable of building iron ships of two
thousand tons burden, and I conceive that
there would be as much benefit in setting our
own people at work as there would be in em-
ploying foreigners, and paying for these foreign
ships, and allowing them to come inhere free
of all duty.
Mr. CONIvLING. How long does it take
to build a two thousand ton ship ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose if
this bill should pass it would not be necessary
to wait until a ship could be built on the Clyde,
but they would be taken where they are already
built. There would be plenty of sellers for
good prices, as there were in the market when
we were in war a short time since. Then we
were very glad to get customers at any price;
and I have no question but what France and
Prussia would be glad to get customers at any
price for their vessels. I have no idea that we
should wait a moment for the building of any
ship to come in under this bill. I have no
doubt that the Senator from Michigan intends
this measure in perfect good faith, and for the
interest and the promotion of commerce. I
sympathize with that idea ; bat I do not wish
at the same time to shut up every ship-yard in
this country ; I do not at the same time wish to
stop every forge and furnace inthis country,
for if we open this door for a short time it will
be found that so many ships will have been
transferred to our flag that there will be no
further call on American ship-builders for the
construction of iron ships. 1 therefore modify
my amendment to four months instead of three.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to take
more than a moment's time, because we have
to pass this bill in both Houses before five
o'clock if we pass it at all. I will say to Sen*
ators that I have considered this question in
every possible view that can present itself to
my mind ; and I regard it as one of thoserarQ
opportunities sometimes offered to a nation as
well as an individual to largely improve its
material interests without the sacrifice of any
interest whatever. This is confined in its opera-
tion to thirty vessels ; thirty, I believe, are
the sum total that can be covered by the pro-
visions of this third section. It will not, as a
matter of course, include English vessels unless
England should be involved in acoutinental war.
It will only apply to the German and French
vessels of this class now in the ocean service.
If by the sudden calamity of a war falling
upon Europe we can put under our flag, as
the property of our citizens, subject to the
right of the Government of the United States
to take these vessels into the naval service,
thirty iron vessels of war of the greatest power,
it is one of those rare opportunities that will
not come again.
This will not interfere with our industrial
interests. Every ship-yard in this country in
one week from this time will be full to its
utmost capacity in building—not these great
ocean steamers, but iron vessels of less than
two thousand tons, and wooden vessels. It
will give an immense impetus to all the indus-
tries of the country. That it will be a vast
commercial benefit every man can see, be-
cause it opens free trade. We say to the com-
merce of the world, '■ We take an opportun-
ity to bring in these vessels of this particular
class free of all duty," and they will be at
once put under our flag, to protect themselves
against sifese two great belligerent Powers. It
so happens that these two belligerent Powers
own all the steam vessels of the world except
those which are owned by England. The
English vessels we do not expect to get. Our
ship-yards will be at once set to work to build
wooden vessels of every class and grade, and
this bill does not interfere with them at all.
We have no power now within eight months,
or within two years, to build the class of ves-
sels covered by this bill. I regard it, therefore,
as an opportunity at once to be seized, so
manifest in its propriety and as advancing our
material interests that we ought not to discuss
it any considerable time. It is one of those
transparent propositions that ought to be at
once seized just as sunlight is seized. I trust,
therefore, that the bill will pass promptly, and
go to the House of Representatives, and re-
ceive its assent.
Mr. CAMERON. I am surprised at myself,
for I cannot look at this subject as the Senator
from Michigan and the Senator from Ohio do.
To me it seems that this question has been laid
hold of without reflection. What necessity is
there for foreign ships in this hot haste? Sliips
are of no use until you have trade, and as
trade is offered the ships will be built. Be-
sides. there are hundreds of ships in this coun-
try now idle that can be purchased and put ic
use at once. Pass this bill, and you bring all
the worthless ships of the Clyde and other
ports of Europe over to this country, to be sold
at a low price, throwing out of employment
our furnaces and our forges and our workmen.
To me it seems the most suicidal scheme
ever presented in this Congress. It is got up by
somebody about here. I was told that there
were fifteen or twenty Englishmen, within the
last two or three days, lobbying in this interest.
It seems to me that it is a scheme of foreigners
to come here and take labor from our citizens
and bread from our people. We have in every
State of this Union all the materials for ship-
building; we have as much skill here as there
is in any part of the world; and why should
we purchase vessels that have been built by
the labor of other countries, to the detriment
of our labor and our laboring people here?
The State of Michigan itself can furnish more
vessels in one hundred and twenty days than
