8742
THE COtfGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
« Resolved, That the President, if in his opinion not
inconsistent with tho publio interests, causa to bo !
communicated to tho Senate a copy of the dispatch
of Henry T. Blow, United States minister to Bra7.il,
dated December 18,1S69, in relation to the commer- 1
ciai interests of the United States with South
America.
order of business.
Mr. COLE. I now ask the Senate to take
up House joint resolution No. 86.
Mr. POMEROY. Oli, no.
Mr. COLE. If there is any priority of
request, priority belongs to this measure, it
having been requested many times by the Sen-
ator from Nevada, and I think it can be dis-
posed of in a few minutes.
Mr. POMEEOY. The Senator from Iowa
last night gave notice that he desired to sub-
mit some remarks this morning.
Mr. COLE. I remember that the Senator
from Nevada gave notice at the same time,
and gave notice prior to that on many occa-
sions. I
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Nevada
said he would not press that resolution against
the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. COLE. I did not understand that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made to the motion of the Senator from i
California. j
Mr. COLE. I only ask the Senator from
Iowa to give way to take this up for a few
minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection !
is made.
sierra iron company.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to enter a motion .
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (S. No. ;
439) to grant lands to the Sierra Iron Company i
was passed here in the very first moments of j
the session of Friday evening last, and I ask
for au order recalling the bill from the House
of Representatives, whither I understand it has
gone. My colleague, in calling up the bill and
asking for its passage at that time, stated that
he would not object to a reconsideration if it
should be asked by any Senator. I find it so
stated in the Globe. At all events a motion to
reconsider is in time, and I make it because I
think the bill is not sufficiently guarded.
Mr. COLE. I think it is too late. The bill
was considered by a committee of which my
colleague is a member, and carefully consid-
ered, and 1 think it is well guarded. I do not
see the objection that exists to it now; I did.
not hear any mentioned. If there is any modi-
fication necessary, it can be accomplished in
the other House.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to debate
the matter. I suppose my motion is in order.
If it is not, I shall probably be so notified by
some gentleman on the other side very sum-
marily. But I understand that a motion to
reconsider is in order at any time within two
legislative days after a vote has been taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is in time.
Mr. CASSERLY. I make it now. The Sen-
ator himself agreed, when he called up the bill,
when there was probably no quorum here to
pass it, that he would not object to a recon-
sideration if it should be asked for.
Mr. COLE. If the motion is in time of
course I do not object
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is in time. The Senator from California [Mr.
Casserly] moves that a message be sent to the
House of Representatives requesting them to
return the bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
.to reconsider will be entered when the bill
shall be returned from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
TERRITORY OF OKLOHAMA.
Mr. NYE. I wish to notify the Senate that
on Thursday morning, if the pending appro-
priation bill shall be through by that time, I
shall call up the bill organizing the Territory
of Oklohama, known as the Indian territory.
That measure is quite pressing in its character,
from the fact that a great many persons are
interested who are now suspended in work. I
shall ask the indulgence of the Senate to call
up that bill on Thursday morning, that I tnuy
express my views upon it for a short period,
the bill having been reported by me. I shall i
not consume beyond the morning hour 011
Thursday.
os age indian lands.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 529.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to that motion?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion to this being taken up informally and
occupying the time until one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business will come up at one o'clock as
a matter of course.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the unfin-
ished business is in order at the conclusion of
the business of the morning hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
now, but will come up at one o'clock as a mat-
ter of course.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will be dis-
placed by'this motion, and therefore I want it
passed over informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If this bill
is taken up it will goon until one o'clock, and
then the unfinished business of yesterday, being
the appropriation bill, comes up without any
motion ; or sooner if this is disposed of.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well. I
raise no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I did not hear the honorable
Senator's remark.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Myremarkwas
that my understanding was that the appropria-
tion bill was in order at the close of the morn-
ing business, and would be displaced by the
motion which the Senator made; and I wished
to have it understood that his bill would come
up informally. I am informed, however, that
the appropriation bill comes up atone o'clock
as a matter of course, and hence I have no
objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to state that I in-
tended to submit some remarks that may be to
some extent in reply to observations submitted
by the honorable Senator himself a few days
ago. I understood from him that I should
have an opportunity to reply to those remarks;
but I shall yield the floor, of course, at any
time when he thinks the business of the country
requires me to do so.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I trust the Sena-
tor has not the idea that it will not give me
great pleasure to hear his remarks, ana I shall
regret any necessity which shall compel me to
interpose.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 529) to provide for
the sale of the Great and Little Osage Indian
reservation in the State of Kansas, and for the
settlement of said Indians in the Indian terri-
tory.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I desire the
attention of the Senate for a short time to the
subject embraced within the provisions of this
bill. I agree fully with the honorable Senator
from Maine [Mr. Morrill] that il is one of a
class of very important measures involving in
its disposition, to some extent, the honor of
the nation, and that it may be fully understood
I wish to state a very few facts connected with
the treaty relations of the United States with
the Great and Little Osage natiou of Indians.
When the territory of Louisiana was acquired
these people occupied and claimed to. own a
very large district of country bounded on the
east by the Mississippi river, on the north by
the Missouri and Kansas livers, and on the
south by the Arkansas and upper Ued rivers.
In 1808 they made a treaty with the United
States, ceding to the Government nearly all
of the territory of Missouri and Arkansas lying
south ot' the Missouri river and north of tuo
Arkansas river, for a perpetual annuity ot'
$2,700 a year, the United States agreeing also
to build and garrison a fort in their vicinity
for their protection, and to establish a trading
post with a view of enabling these Indians to
exchange, without inconvenience, their pel-
tries and furs for goods. '
In 1825—to pass over the negotiation and
ratification of several treaties of minor import-
ance—these Indians ceded to the United Slates
all the residue of their lands south of the Kansas
river, and also south of the Arkansas and north
j of the lied river, with the exception of that por-
j tion occupied by the Kaws and a home reser-
j vation for themselves, being fifty miles in extent
from north to south and about two hundred
and eighty miles in length from east to west,
beginning at the eastern boundary,about twenty-
five miles west of the west line of the State of
Missouri, and extending westward to what was
known as the Rock Saline, also reserving lifty-
four sections of land for the purpose of creat-
ing a school fund for the future use of the tribe,
and a multitude of small reservations for half-
breeds and other favorites.
For this immense cession the United States
agreed to give them an annuity for twenty years
of $7,000 per annum, to pay their indebtedness
to the amount of about twenty thousand dollars,
and also to furnish them a few hundred head
of cattle and hogs and some agricultural imple-
ments. In 1839 this treaty was modified, and
in lieu of the perpetual annuity of $2,700 and
of the unpaid installments of the annuity of
$7,000 a year, under the treaty of 1825, the
United States agreed to pay them an annuity
for twenty years of $20,000 a year and to fur-
nish additional stock and agricultural imple-
ments. This annuity expired in 1859.
From 1859 to 1865 these Indians received
no annuities from the United States, except-
ing the interest on their school money, being
less than four thousand dollars a year; but
they did receive some assistance from appro-
priations made for the support of refugee In-
dians during the recent war. At the close of the
war they were entirely destitute of support from
the Government of the United States, and were
cut off from their usual means of supply from
the chase on account of the hostile character
of the Indians then occupying the plains, and
of course were extremely poor and destitute.
In 1865 a treaty was made by which these In-
dians ceded to the United States another tract
of land, twenty-seven miles in extentfrom east
to west and fifty in length from north to south,
from the east end of their home reserve, for
the sum of $300,000, the United States agree-
ing to place this amount to their credit on the
books of the Treasury, and to pay them inter-
est thereon at the rate of five per cent, per
annum semi-annually. In the same treaty it
was provided that the Indians should cede to
the United States an additional tract of land,
from the north side of their reserve, twenty
miles in breadth and about two hundred and
fifty-three miles in length, to be surveyed and
sold by the United States, and the net pro-
ceeds to be placed to their credit, as in the
case of the money to be paid as the price ot
the ceded lands. In the same treaty it was
also provided that the residue of their reserve,
being thus reduced to a strip thirty miles wide
and about two hundred and fifty-three in length,
whenever the Indians might agree to move
from the State of Kansas, should be surveyed
and disposed of as in the case of the trust
lands.
The Indians, however, never agreed that this
provision of the treaty should be euforced, and
became dissatisfied with the provision of this
treaty in relation to the disposition of their
trust lands. Receiving neither principal or
