5630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
anybody would be willing to buy; for I under-
stand th,ere are large establishments there.
There is an establishment about being erected
on the Delaware, near Philadelphia, which, in
ninety or one hundred days can build a ship
of two thousand tons. These gentlemen, it
seems to me, have forgotten the resources and
the means we have in our own country.
What good would it do to bring these ships
here? Whom do you benefit by it except the
foreigner who happens to have a worthless ship
which he wants to sell at a high price? If the
countries of Europe go to war our flag will be
sought as a matter of course, just as our navi-
gators and traders sought the flags of other
countries during the rebellion here; and in that
way our commerce was destroyed. Commerce
flows under regular laws, and is always to be
found where it is needed. If Germany and
E'rance get entangled England will be entangled
also, and we shall have an opportunity then, by
sending out our own ships, built by our own
workmen, to punish them for the wrongs they
did us, and we shall get back our commerce.
It seems to me as if Providence would take that
opportunity to send back all the commerce
which we lost by the evil acts of those who are
now getting into trouble.
Then why shall this session of Congress be
extended to get up this scheme? Who wants
to buy a foreign ship ? A great many people
I know want to sell ships, but what does any-
body want with ships until trade is ready for
them? There are idle ships in every port of
this country. You find them at Boston, you
find them at New York, you find them at Phila-
delphia, and even in some of the southern ports,
New Orleans particularly.
But the great argument, to my miiM, is that
in the first place you will bring a parcel of
worthless vessels here, and you will injure our
commerce by having it sent in these worthless
vessels. Foreigners will not come and sell
you the best ships. They will sell you the
worst. When our war began wo bought any-
thing that offered, and the consequence was
that we had the largest number of ships the
world ever saw belonging to any nation ; but
when the war ended very few of them were
worth anything. All the worthless ships of
Europe will be brought here under the imagin-
ary belief that by this measure we are going
at once to control the commerce of the world!
I remember very well that the first impetus
which this country had in the great commer-
cial position it once occupied was from the
wars of Europe, which grew out of the troubles
in Prance aod the difficulties between the dif-
ferent continental nations which commenced
in the latter part of the last century; and if
they shall have a general war now, we shall
be in that condition again. Then, when our
country was poor, when it was thinly settled,
we soon had ships enough to do the carrying
trade of the world. So now, with our immense
manufactures, with our great wealth, with our
great skill, we shall be able to build all the
ships we shall need ourselves.
1 trust, Mr. President, this bill will not be
passed. I shall at all events offer an amend-
ment as a fourth section, that all vessels carry-
ing the flag of the United States shall be com-
manded by citizens of the United States.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not object to that
at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment to an amendment pending.
The amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will be in order afterward.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania evidently did not listen to a speech I
made some time ago on commerce. If he had,
he would have seen that we have no ships of
the kind here permitted to be introduced.
There never'has been but one ocean-going ship
of over two thousand tons of iron built m the
United States 
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend from
Michigan allow me to interrupt him for one
moment ? If he will look at the clock he will
see that if debate on this bill does not stop
and the vote is not taken soon there is no
chance of the bill ever passing the House of
Representatives.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will not say another
word. I ask for a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will not be
adopted, and I hope the Senator from Ver-
mont will accept six months.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The amend-
ments I see are all directed to the third sec-
tion. I understood the Senator from Ohio to
say that he would move to strike out the first
and second sections of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. That motion is still pend-
ing.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I will con-
siderthebillin the observations I have to make,
as though it were a bill consisting of the third
section alone. Let us see what it proposes.
In the first place, it proposes to reverse the
established policy of the Government from its
toundation down to the present moment. The
policy has been not to allow foreign-built ships
to engage in our commerce. I assume that
the Congress of the United States are notgoing
to do that under any pretext whatever. Noth-
ing short of an absolute public exigency, involv-
ing the highest necessities of the nation, will
induce Congress to entertain such a proposi-
tion ; certainly not a speculative contingency.
Now, Mr. President, what is the necessity
for this legislation? It is said that these ves-
sels are to be used for postal service. Is that
certain? I have heard nobody explain it in
that light. My honorable friend from Ohio
says it will not extend to over, perhaps, twenty
or thirty ships. Why should it extend to twenty
or thirty ships? Those ships, I understand, are
now engaged in the postal service, and they
exclude those of American build; why? We
all know why it is. It is on account of the
advantages which they have had. Now, while
we have twice that number of vessels idle or
nearly so ; vessels which are capable of per-
forming this very business, lying idle at your
wharves, or comparatively so, we propose to
tie these vessels up and allow them to remain
in that position, and to let in foreign ships
free of duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask ray honorable
friend what vessels we have tied up that can
compete with the English vessels?
Mr. MORRILL, ol Maine. I have not said
that they can compete; but in reply to the
argument of the necessity of acquiring these
vessels for postal service I say that we have a
class of iron ships in New York to-day com-
petent to perform that service, and which would
perforin )t if they were not in ruinous compe-
tition with foreign-built ships ; and now the
proposition is to allow these foreign ships to
come in free, while American-built ships are
thus idle. Sir, 1 cannot conceive that the
American Congress will entertain such a prop-
osition as that for ono instant except upon a
consideration of a clear exigency.
I have a note in my hand, received since the
discussion commenced, in which I am told that
there are in Now Yoik to-day ten steamships
idle, and over thirty more are nearly idle, either
idle or unemployed, in our coasting trade, and
these are capable of performing the precise
duty contemplated by these foreign ships. I
suppose the apprehension is that in case of war
the vessels performing this service would not
deem it safe to continue that postal service
except under our flag, and therefore we might
lose the advantage of the service. I could un-
derstand the force of that argument if it were
not a conceded fact that we have ships already
built which could be employed in that service.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend still overlooks
the fact that the English vessels would carry
the whole mail and we should not get any of
it, while the very vessels he speaks of in case
of war would every one of them be employed
to its utmost capacity in the carrying trade.
The war will undoubtedly .give employment to
the very vessels he refers to in the carrying
trade ; but to carry our mail we must have
ships of a character that will compete with the
English vessels ; otherwise the whole mail, our
own and the English and all the mails, will go
in the English mail steamers.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My answer to
all that is, that if there is such a public exi-
gency as that, let a bill be brought in authoriz-
ing the Government to purchase so many ships
as are necessary for that particular purpose,
aud not open it, as in this third section, to the
competition of the whole world ; because there
is substantially no limitation on this bill. It
is to open the American market and all the
markets of the world for the period of eight
months, as it now stands, for the purchase of
this particular class of ships. I do not under-
stand that this limitation that is proposed is
really a limitation to such ships as are only
employed in the postal service, but it is a gen-
eral proposition for eight months to repeal the
American policy in regard to the introduction
of foreign ships of this particular class into this
country from all parts of the world. I say a
proposition of that sort is so broad and so
startling, and bears so severely upon the great
navigating interest of the country, that without
an obvious and absolute exigency, and more-
over, without a strict and rigid limitation to
the actual needs of the Government we ought
not to enter upon it.
Now, let us look at another consideration.
We know that the navigating andship-building
interest in this country is very severely de-
pressed, nearly down to the point of absolute
annihilation. If we are to have a foreign war
undoubtedly that would afford an opportunity
for this interest; that is to say, if it could be
left free. It is embarrassed now by your rev-
enue laws. It is absolutely and literally crushed.
And now, when an opportunity is about to be
affordedto stimulate thisintercst, or whatought
to be an opportunity for it, Congress having
steadily refused to give it any aid whatever, we
have a proposition to let all the commerce of
the world of a particular class in upon us in
ruinous competition with this interest that is so
embarrassed._ Besides that, everything that
comes into this country and goes into the man-
ufacture of our vessels is taxed, overtaxed,
enormously taxed. You cannot build an iron
ship on this side of the Atlantic without pay-
ing—I do not know what the per cent, is, but
I reckon it as high as forty or fifty per cent,
on the materials that enter into the building
of an iron ship.
Mr. SCHURZ. About sixty per cent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. About sixty
per cent., I am told, In wooden ships it is
about eight dollars on every ton of American
shipping. And yet here is a proposition to let
in a particular class of ships unrestricted, free
of duty. Here you have a proposition to let into
this country a fresh importatipn free of duty.
As an economical question——
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rose to inquire of the
Senator from Maine whether it was not giving
a premium to our mechanics to go to England
to build ships and bring them over here? In
that way they would save the money they have
to pay in duties, if they had to pay them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That would be
a good proposition undoubtedly, but I think
that is impracticable. I say, looking at it
simply as an economical question, I am quite
surprised that my honorabLe friend from Ohio,
who stands at the head of the finances of the
country, should be willing to admit into this
country free from taxation so large an article
of importation, becausc it is an article of im-
portation, and it ought not- to come in without
an import duty upon it. I do not k now ex-
actly what that duty should be 5 but it should
