1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
whatever rooms he has to occupy, but he will
have to occupy them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Suppose
he has a right to thirteen rooms and he oalls
upon the quartermaster to give them to him in
kind; the quartermaster is now required by
law to give in kind, or, if not, in commutation.
Mr. LOGAN. Now he is, but under this
bill he will not be.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want
to follow it out. Suppose he goes and asks
for fuel. The quartermaster has got fuel and
is obliged to give it to him.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Suppose
he asks for forage for four, six, or eight horses.
The quartermaster is obliged to give it to him,
and so he will be under this bill. A general offi -
cer, therefore, servingin Washington city, has
quarters worth by commutation $126 a month,
fuel amounting to twelve cords, at twelve dol-
lars a cord, and forage for four horses, amount-
ing to as much as that may be, and now he can
take money, but under this bill he will be
obliged to take it all in kind. But does not
the chairman of the committee know that some
officers in this city have taken forage in kind
and turned it over to the stable-keeper in order
to pay for boarding their horses?
Mr. LOGAN. Any man who will do that
should be dismissed from the service. I sup-
pose that men generally will not do such things.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes; but
what I desire, and what I think the House de-
sires, is to cut off all these allowances. I want
to know exactly what these officers get. I want
that there shall not be anything in the way ot
pay and allowances that I cannot put my finger
on at any time. That i3 the difficulty I want
to get rid of. I am not inclined to deal very
closely with these officers. I am willing to vote
for this proviso if it shall be amended to read:
Provided, That fuel and forage in kind may be
sold to officers when serving with troops in the field
by the quartermaster's department, as now allowed
by law and regulations.
If the proviso can be so amended I will be
in favor of it; if not, then I desire to have it
stricken out.
Mr. LOGAN. I want to call the attention
of the gentleman to one thing. I am as much
disposed as he is to ascertain the exact pay
of officers, and we think we have rearranged
this bill so that it can be done under it. But
if you give fuel and forage to one officer you
must give them to another. And how will you
manage on the plains, where an officer cannot
get his fuel and forage? Will you oblige him
to purchase it himself? That would take more
than the salary here proposed. The Govern-
ment must furnish it to him there.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let my
amendment be again read, and the gentleman
will see that it meets the point he makes.
The amendment was again read; to modify
the proviso so that it should read:
Provided, That fuel and forage in kind may be
sold to officers, when serving with troops in the field,
by the quartermaster's department, as now allowed
by law and regulations.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now I
desire the attention of members while I ex-
plain my amendment. To-day, if troops are
serving in the field—as the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] knows very well—and
there is nothing there to eat except what the
commissary has, the officer has to buy his food
of the commissary and pay for it, because he
can get it in no other way. That was so all
through the war. But if an cJfficer is on ser-
vice in Washington he can buy his food where
he pleases, and is allowed the money commu-
tation for it.
It is proposed here that fuel, quarters, and
forage shall be furnished to officers in kind
wherever they may be in service. I propose
that they shall find their own fuel, as we have
to do, except when they are in service with
troops in the field; and when they are in ser-
vice in the field I propose that fuel and forage
in kind may be sold to them by the quarter-
master's department; that is that the quarter-
master's department shall sell forage and fuel
to them for exactly what it costs the Govern-
ment. When they are serving in Washington
I propose that they shall buy their fuel and
forage, as the rest of us have to do, not draw
forage and turn it over to livery keepers for
the board of their horses ; but when they are
out on the plains I propose that they shall be
provided for exactly as the gentleman and I
understand they are provided for in regard to
rations. The gentleman has not put "rations"
in this proviso, and yet it is as necessary for
an officer on the plains to haveffood to eat as
it is that he shall have fuel or forage for his
horses.
Mr. LOGAN. An officer never draws ra-
tions, but buys them from the commissary, or
elsewhere.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Exactly;
and I want him to buy his fuel and forage from
the quartermaster. I do not see why we should
feed his horse and not feed him.
Mr. PLATT. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] allow me to ask
him a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. PLATT. Does the gentleman propose
that an officer on the plains shall buy his fuel
and forage for his horses and pay for it out of
his pay as provided in this bill?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I propose
that fuel and forage shall be sold to him by the
quartermaster's department when he is on
service with troops in the field.
Mr. PLATT. To be paid for out of the
salary proposed to be given him by this bill?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. At cost
prices; yes.
Mr. PLATT. Does the gentleman know
the price of fuel and forage on the plains ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not.
Mr. PLATT. Then I will inform the gen-
tleman.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. But I
know this : when they are on the plains they
have no use for a great deal of fuel to cook
food with.
Mr. PLATT. Let me say to the gentleman
that at some points on the plains, where both
forage and fuel are very necessary for the com-
fortofboth officers and men, if the officers were
compelled under the provisions of the gentle-
man's amendment to pay the cost of this forage
and fuel out of their own pockets it would
consume nearly the whole amount of the salary
which they receive. Thus by this amendment
the pay of officers on duty upon the plains
would be reduced for below the pay of officers
serving here in Washington.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I agree
with the gentleman partially as to the increased
expenses for some things while officers are on
the plains ; but such officers include only about
one tenth part of the whole number.
. Mr. PLATT. And the officers constituting
that one tenth part are, the gentleman will
allow me to say, among those most deserving
the consideration of Congress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. Debate on the amendment
is exhausted.
The amendment of Mr. Butler, of Massa-
chusetts, was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Looan, it was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend by adding
at the end of the bill the following as a new
section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That no officer
of the artillery corps below the grade of field officer
shall hereafter be promoted to a higher grade beforo
having passed a satisfactory examination beforo a
board of three military officers senior to him in rank,
to be appointed by the Secretary of War. Should
the officer fail at such examination he shall be sus-
pended from promotion one year, when he shall be
reexamined; and upon a second failure he shall be
■ dropped by the President from the Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire,
with the leave of the chairman of the commit-
tee, to offer an amendment to the first section
of the bill.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done
by unanimous consent.
I Mr. LOGAN. I hope there will be no ob-
j jection. The gentleman's amendment is ons
which I think very proper.
Several Members. Let it be read.
The SPEAKER. It will be read for inform-
ation, after which there will be an opportunity
for objection.
Mr. LOGAN. When this amendment, has
been acted on I will ask a vote on the bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add at the end of section one the following :
Provided, That saicl board shall not recommend a
greater number of officers for retention than requi-
site to fill the several grades of the Army organized
according to law.
i The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the amendment will be adopted.
There was no objection.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 move the previous ques-
tion on ordering the bill to be engrossed tor a
third reading.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third
time.
The question being on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. STEVENSON called for the yeas and
' nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
! Mr. HOTCHKISS obtained leave of absence
| for ten days.
i Mr. AXTELL obtained leave of absence
ii till next Tuesday.
i, Mr. HAMILTON obtained leave of absence
: | for two days.
ii enrolled bill and joint resolution.
Mr. NEGLE Y, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
1 examined and found truly enrolled a bill and
I joint resolution of the following titles: when
! the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 207) to amend an act
entitled "'An act providing for the sale of a
portion of the Fort Gratiot military reserva-
tion, in St. Clair county, in the State of Michi-
gan," approved July 20, 1868; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 121) providing
for the payment of the fourth Arkansas mounted
infantry volunteers.
reduction of american tonnage.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution ; which
wa3 read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
j ate concurring,) That there shall be printed fifteen
| thousand extra copies of the report of the select Oom-
: mittee on the Causes of the Reduction of American
I X'onnage, without the evidence, and ten thousand
with the evidence, and that ten thousand of the
I former shall be for the use of the House and five thou-
| sand for the use of the Senate; and six thousand of
] the latter for the use of the House, three thousand
for the use of the Senate, and one thousand for the
i use of the Treasury Department.
j Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
j by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
I moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
i the table.
' The latter motion was agreed to.
debt of the united states,
i Mr. COX. I now call up the motion to re-
i consider the vote entered by me sometime ago
; by which House bill No. 447, to fund the debt
i of the United States at a lower rate of interest,
