1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
56S1
be fifteen or twenty per cent at least. But the
worst feature of the whole proposition is, that
to the extent it goes it comes in direct and
ruinous competition with every workshop and
every ship-yard in thejcountry. I submit to my
honorable friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, who I know is solicitous
to protect American shipping interests to any
reasonable extent, whether, if he thinks it
necessary to meet a public exigency such as is
intimated by my honorable friend from Ohio,
to supply the mail service, it ought not to be
restricted and limited to that? That seems to
be the intimation which is thrown out by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is limited to that.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is in the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; let
it be specific.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is specific. I have
inserted the words "and to be used in the
transatlantic mail service of the United States.''
it is expressly limited to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let us look and
see:
The Secretary of the Treasury shall be authorized
and empowered to issue American registers to iron-
built ships of not less than two thousand tons burden.
Is it proposed to use the word burden "
there? '
Mr. SHERMAN. " Not less than two thou-
sand tons burden, purchased and owned by
citizens of the United States."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator that the word there should be " regis-
ter. ''
Mr. BAYARD. " Burden" is mere matter
of material.
Mr. SHERMAN. The language is "two
thousand tons burden."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It should be
"as registered," and not according to the
"burden."
Mr. SHERMAN. I found those words in
the bill, and then these words are inserted:
"and to be used in the transatlantic mail
service of the United States."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Only? Does
the Senator mean " only ?"
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. If the Senator
wishes to put in that word, I do not kn'Ow that
I have any objection. As a matter of course,
all these steam vessels carry other transporta-
tion, and the mail service would not be suffi-
cient of itself.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from Maine
means ships engaged in that service.
Mr. SHERMAN. This provides for that
expressly; but if you put in the word "only"
it might prevent these vessels from carrying
freight and passengers. These words are sug-
gested by the Postmaster General to cover a
particular exigency. Now, it had occurred to
me, and I submit to the Senator from Maine
whether it might not be well enough to give
to the President power to authorize this to
be done? But we know that war is actually
declared, or at least I am so informed. The
exigency has arisen, and there is, therefore, no
occasion to give to the President a discretion-
ary power when that power can be exercised
by us just as well.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to make
a single observation on another proposition in
this bill, and that is that we shall have the right
to purchase these ships for naval purposes. If
it is the purpose of the Government, it we are
really in that condition that it is supposed we
want these vessels for naval purposes*, then by
all means the character of the bill ought to be
changed so as to allow the Government to
purchase them for that purpose, and with an
express view to their fitness for it. 1 can con-
ceive that an American who would consult his
own interests in the purchase of a class oi ships
might purchase such as would be utterly worth-
less for ihis purpose ; and therefore I suggest
to my honorable friend, ihe chairman ot the
Committee 011 Finance, if his object is to benefit
the Government, to provide for this particular''
postal service, and at the same time to provide
the Navy with an efficient arm in case of war,
then they ought to be purchased under the
direction of the Government and % the advice
of the Navy Department, to the end that when
these ships are purchased and come in you
shall have a class of ships which will be useful
to the Navy; and for those two reasons, it
seems to me, the Government ought to be
consulted on the subject.
But, Mr. President, so far as the naval power
is concerned I do not attach a great deal of
importance to this. We seem to have been
running for the last year or two upon the idea
that we do not want any naval power in this
country. Congress has studiously for the last
two years declined to make any appropriations
of any character whatever beyond the mere
repair of the ships in the service, while a large
number of your ships have been sold and a
larger number still are remaining in ordinary
and at the wharves in a most dilapidated con-
dition.
1 trust, therefore, that upon a review of this
measure it will be found, so far as you desire
to purchase ships, that they had better be pur-
chased by the Government for the particular
purpose of carrying the mail and with the ex-
press view of purchasing such a class of ships
as shall, in the contingency contemplated by
the bill, be useful for the Navy. Otherwise
this power which you save to yourselves here,
of taking these ships, will amount to nothing.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me make a sugges-
tion to the honorable Senator. No Govern-
ment in the world purchases or owns vessels
for the purpose of carrying the mails, not even
the English Government, which has gone fur-
ther to sustain mail service and mail steam-
ships than any other nation. The property
there is owned by private companies. No Gov-
ernment in the world, I believe, owns steam-
ships for the purpose of carrying the mails.
They are always owned by private parties.
Authority is given to private persons to own
and run these steamships, and certain sub-
sidies and aids are always given by the Gov-
ernment. Therefore the purchase of these
vessels by the Government for the mail steam-
ship service would certainly be injudicious;
because the Government cannot run steam
vessels merely for the purpose of carrying the
mail. The mail is the primary object of the
Government; but the profits and the expenses
of these ships must be made up mainly by pri-
vate parties, and they must be carried on by
private individuals.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not reply
to that; and I do not propose to detain the
Senate at all by way of arguing the proposi-
tion. It is a little new to me. But I wish to
make one further remark upon the first two
sections of this bill. If the third section is
passed it is very obvious to my mind that the
oilier two sections ought to go with it. The
idea that we shall now change this policy and
allow this importation into this country of this
class of vessels without duty, and at the same
time refuse to relieve this American ship-
building interest, which confessedly is so de-
pressed, strikes me as a proposition so extraor-
dinary that Congress ought not to entertain it
for a single moment. It' it is the purpose of
the Senator from Ohio, and especially if it is
the purpose of the Senator from Michigan,
who has'himself reported this bill, to abandon
those two sections, I shall hope that the Sen-
ate of the United States will not look upon the
third section with favor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye in
the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from "Vermont to
the third section, to strike out "eight" and
insert "four" before "months."
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. SCOTT'. If this bill is to pass at all,
the time duriug which its provisions are to be
extended ought to be as short as possible.
While I shall vote for that amendment, for
the purpose of reducing it to as short a time
as possible, I do not think I can under any
circumstances vote for the final passage of
this bill.
Mr. President, it does involve, as the Sen-
ator from Maine has very properly stated, the
question of whether the policy of the Govern-
ment adhered to since its foundation is to be
in this hasty manner radically changed and
totally abandoned. That policy has been so
uniform, that from the time of the formation
of, the Government down to the present mo-
ment the only exception that has been made
has been in favor of vessels that have been
wrecked upon our coast and repaired in our
yards to the extent of two thirds of their value;
and in that case foreign-built vessels may be
admitted to register.
The question practically presented by this
bill is, shall the American ship-vardsbe closed;
shall those who are engaged in taking out
material in the various portions of the country
cease that occupation and find some other
occupation ; shall those who are engaged in the
construction of ships in those yards cease their
occupation and find some other occupation ?
If my recollection is right, we heard from the
honorable Senator from Michigan a few weeks
ago, when he was addressing the Senate upon
the subject of American commerce, that the
mail of the United States was carried upon
every line that did carry it from this country
to a foreign country under a foreign flag. The
result then is, if we pass this bill, that we grant
American registers to every steamship engaged
in every lkie that is carrying the mail from
this count^ to other countries—every one, if
that statement be true. Now, sir, are we ready
for that? How many are there? I do not
know whether the Senator from Michigan can
give us that statistical information or not.
Mr. CHANDLER. How many ships?
Mr. SCOTT. In the various lines that carry
the mails, in all.
Mr. CHANDLER. Between this and Eu-
rope?
Mr. SCOTT. In all?
Mr. CHANDLER. About one hundred and
thirty, I think, between this and Europe.
Mr. SCOTT. This bill will be confined
to those carrying the mail between this coun-
try and Europe. I understand there is also a
line from San Francisco to Japan. How many
are there in all ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot answer that.
Mr. SCOTT. There are one hundred and
thirty, according to the Senator's own state-
ment, plying between the Atlantic ports and
Europe. That, then, brings before us the
broad proposition, will we to-day grant ail
American register to one hundred and thirty
steamships, and as many more as those lines
see proper to put on in the time limited by this
bill for granting these registers? Now I wish
to call attention to how far that may be car-
ried. This bill does not require that these
ships shall be bought and paid for within the
four months; but under the provisions of this
bill those parties who have been so exceeding
anxious to introduce this system into our
American legislation may buy, upon four or
six months' credit, ships enough to close every
American ship-yard for ten years to come,
giving their own notes or obligations for the
payment of the property, run them during
four months under an American register, and
at the end of that time that property will again
be substantially the property of foreigners, and
not the property of American citizens.
Again, the bill provides that American regis-
ters may be issued the Secretary of the by
Treasury to " iron-built steamships of not less
than two thousand tons burden, purchased by
citizens of the United States in foreign coun-
tries, and owned by them." There is no time
limited within which the purchase is to be
made. There ia no time limited within which
