1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
tion. It is not a fair representation of his posi-
tion; and I presume no Senator desires to
place in a wrong position the Governor of
Virginia, who certainly has done much to bring
that people up to a proper standard. The class
of late rebels in no other southern Slate have
indorsed any such principles as they did in
Virginia under his lead. Before I "proceed
further with my remarks I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the explanation of
this identical speech given by Governor Walker
himself before the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion in the Ilouse:
"Mr Charles II. Porter made a statement to the
committco to tbe effect that Governor Walker had
stated in a speech made at Liberty, Bedford county,
during the late canvass, that if ho were elected the
section of the constitution relating to county organ-
izations never would be administered. In reply to
this statement Governor Walker was called upon
and spoke as follows:
" It is true that the repoited specch was precisely
as tho gentleman states it. It is also true that, those
reports were taken down briefly, never revised by
me, a.nd I never saw them until I saw them in the
newspapers. I was in another part of the State when
this speech was published and sent to me from Rich-
mond. I said to the people what I have said here,
that I did not approve of this county organization
clause. It was expected that this clause would be
submitted by the President, together with the test-
oath and disfranchising clauses, to a separate vote,
and the people were greatly di&appointed that it
was not. In discussing the subject at first but little
was said upon this question, not with a view to con-
cealment or anything of the kind; but subsequently
that clause was discussed. What I said was this
that it did not matter so much about the organiza-
tion as it did the manner in which it was adminis-
tered, and that if I were elected and a Legislature ia
accord with me it never would be executed in a
manner detrimental to the people."
Mr. HOWARD. Who said that?
Mr. STEWART. Governor Walker. Now
let me say one word with regard to this county
organization clause. It is a new system of
county organization, providing for a very large
number of officers, and exceedingly expensive.
I do not believe there is an organization in the
United States any more expensive. The peo-
ple of Virginia were alarmed at the enormous
expense involved in this particular provision
of the constitution. Governor Walker in de-
fending the constitution was endeavoring to
show the people that much of this expense if
the counties were properly organized might
be saved. This county organization had noth-
ing to do with the question of equal rights or
any fundamental question. It was merely a
question of administering county organizations
which they regarded as a very cumbersome
and expensive one ; and that was the opinion
of the Judiciary Committee, I believe. I be-
lieve that is the opinion of every person who
has examined this constitution, that it is very
expensive and will require 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend be good
enough to read to us this county organization
clause in the constitution of Virginia, so that
we may know exactly what it is ?
Mr. SUMNER. It contains the public school
system of Virginia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 want to hear it read.
Mr. STEWART. We can have it read. I
will read it if I can find it. I had the consti-
tution here a moment ago.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is article seven, I be-
lieve, on page 18 of the constitution.
Mr. STEWART. Here it is:
"Abticlk VTT.
"County Organization.
"Section 1. Thercshall be elected, by thequalified
voters of the county, one sheriff;, one attorney for
the Commonwealth, who shall also be tbe Common-
wealth's attorney for the circuit court; one county
clerk, who shall also be tho clerk of the circuit court,
except that in counties containing fifteen thousand
inhabitants there may be a separate clerk for the
circuit court; one county treasurer, and one super-
intendent of the poor. And there shall be appointed,
in the manner provided for in article eight, one su-
perintendent of schools; Provided, That counties
containing less than eight thousand^ inhabitants may
be attached to adjoining counties for tho forma.tj.on
of districts for superintendents of schools: Provided.
also, That in counties containing thirty thousand
inhabitants there may be appointed an additional
superintendent of schools therein. All regular elec-
tions for county officers shall be held on the first
Tuesday after the first Monday inNovember, and all
officers elected or appointed under this provision
shall enter upon the duties of their offices on the 1st
day of January next succeeding their election, and
shall hold their offices for the term of three years,
except that the county and circuit court clerks shall
hold their offices for four years."
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will excuse
| me ; he has not read the article, if he intended
| to read it. He has read the first section of the
article, merely the machinery. He will find
that the second section provides a system of
townships, and the third section provides a
system of school districts, which this Governor
Walker wishes to strike down.
Mr. STEWART. The article is very lengthy.
I have read one section, although I believe I
have not read the whole article. If tho Sen-
ator desires to hear it he can have it read. I
do not propose to read any more of it now.
At all events, it is a new system; and I think,
if it is read through, it will be regarded as a
very expensive operation. Governor Walker
thought, if he was elected, it could be carried
into effect without being as oppressive as the
people there thought it would be. He was
arguing in favor of the constitution. You
laugh and sneer at his explanation and hold
him to that a special correspondent says. If
every Senator was held in a political canvass
to all that the special correspondents said of
him I think he would have a very doubtful
character. I do not think that any Senator
would like to stand and have his record on
what special correspondents represent, and
their mode of reporting. Of course I make
no allusion to the regular ones.
Now, let us have a little more of what Gov-
ernor Walker has said. Immediately after the
election, or as soon as the returns were known,
there was a jollification meeting, as is usually
the case, and then is the time when men speak
out freely what they feel and think upon ques-
tions of this kind. At this jubilee meeting
held at Richmond Governor Walker made a
short speech, in which he told the people there:
"We must remember that wo have succeeded on
the platform of universal suffrage and equal rights;
and wo must see that those who opposed us as well
as those who supported us have all their rights and
are protected fully by the law and with tho law and
under the law. [Loud cheers.] They must be edu-
cated and taught the valuo of the great boon of
franchise that has been conferred upon them and
tho true value of being a citizen. We must not for-
get that the opportunity of winning this victory was
given us through the liberality of President Grant.
[Loud and continued cheers.] And we must see that
its fruits are for the benefit of all.
" After a jocular allusion to the grief of the present
State ofiice-holders of the Wells persuasion, the
speaker concluded by giving a cheerful picture of
the future prosperity of the State. Attheclose three
cheers were given for President Grant."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that specially reported,
or by a regular correspondent?
Mr. STEWART. This is by a regular cor-
respondent. It did not come in an anonymous
letter to attack anybody's character. Governor
Walker has been attacked, and I have been
abused on this floor considerably for having
alluded in a modest way to a memorial put
forth here, and which being a memorial is re-
garded as conclusive of all the facts therein
stated. Perhaps T was out of order ; perhaps
I ought not to have alluded to that remark-
able memorial. But those memorialists are a
very positive set of men. They are "the loy-
alists of Virginia," and therefore, I suppose, I
shall be regarded as disloyal if I call in ques-
tion any statement which they make! The loy-
alists of Virginia, thirteen in number—a gal-
lant host—make some very remarkable state-
ments ; and I desire to call the attention of the
Senate to them. As this memorial is made the
basis of attacks of this character it requires
some notice at our hands. I submit that
where there is any opportunity to bring this
memorial to the test of truth it fails entirely.
We find in it certain positions which they say
they will substantiate if they have an oppor-
tunity so to do. The third one is:
" That the right of secession has never been re-
nounced, but is no was firmlv and universally believed
in by the white people of Virginia as at any period
during the war.
That is one thing which they propose to
prove, that secession has never been renounced
in Virginia, but is now. as firmly adhered to as
it was at any period during the war. They
propose to prove that to a committee if they
have an opportunity, and it is regarded as a
great outrage that the Committee on the Ju-
diciary do not hear them upon that point. I
hold in my hand the constitution adopted by
the people of Virginia with only nine thonsand
dissenting votes 
Mr. DRAKE. Adopted under "coercion."
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Mis-
souri says that all these States have ratified
under coercion. I undertake to say that they
have ratified by their voluntary will; that Con-
gress never has coerced them. If Congress
has coerced them their ratification is not worth
the paper upon which it is written. Congress
told them, as it had a right to do, " You
having rebelled, you having attempted to tear
down this Government, if you will now of your
own free will record your solemn pledge in
the Constitution of the United States that you
will hereafter abide by these conditions you
may be restored." The compact was a fair
one; it was no coercion. We did not tell Vir-
ginia that she must do it; but we said, "Do.
this; this is the compact which we will make."
She has made it, and she is bound in honor
by it, and let no man on this floor say that it
was done through coercion.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Davis] said so, and 1 only repeated his
words.
Mr. STEWART. Who is now getting with
the Democrats? I do not take my doctrines
from the Senator from Kentucky. I deny that
Congress has coerced them. I deny that it is
the theory of the Republican party that these
ratifications have been obtained by coercion.
Mr. DRAKE. So do I.
Mr. STEWART. I am glad to hear the
Senator say so.
Mr. DRAKE. But the Senator from Ken-
tucky, who has voted with the Senator from
Nevada all the time on these questions, claims
that it is coercion.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator win not
interrupt me, T have another argumentin favor
of the admission of Virginia as I proceed. The
following telegram has just been placed in my
hands:
To Hon. Thomas A. Jesckes :
The fifteenth amendment is adopted by Rhode
Island. L. C.ASHTON.
That is a good argument in favor of having
Virginia's voice now so as to nail it. If we
only had the voice of Nebraska to stand along
side of Virginia the thing would be settled.
If the eloquence of the Senator from Nebraska
were directed toward his State to bring her up
to the same standard he need not bother him-
self about fundamental conditions on the ques-
tion of suffrage; we should have this amend-
ment before the week is out.
But when I was interrupted I was about to
examine the question whether Virginia was still
committed to secession or whether she had re-
nounced it. I had read a section from this
memorable memorial, this distinguished me-
morial, in which the memorialists proposed to
prove that Virginia has never renounced seces-
sion. Now I propose to read a section or two
from the constitution adopted by an over-
whelming majority of the people of Virginia,
there being only nine thousand opposing votes:
" 1. That all men are by nature equally free and
independent, and have certain inherent rights, of
which, when they enter into a state of society, they
cannot by any compact deprive or divest their pos-
terity, namely, the enjoyment of lifeand liberty,
with themeans of acquiring and possessingproperty,
and pursuing and obtaining happiness aud saiety.
" 2. That this State shall ever remain a member ot
the United States of America, and that the people
thereof are partof the American nation,and that an
attempts, from whatever source or upon whatever
pretext, to dissolve said Union or so sever said na-
tion are unauthorized and ought to be resisted with
the whole power of the State."
Is that renouncing secession 1 They go on
