4688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
this House will refuse to give the aid of his
vote to the prompt performance of an act of
justice long delayed.
Sir, I will not occupy more of the time of the
House, but will leave it to others who may
desire to discuss it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for five minutes?
Mr. ELA. I will.
llr. BENJAMIN. I am not going to argue
against the payment of this claim of interest,
but I will say this: that it seems to me that we
are called upon by this bill to enter upon a
new system in our legislation. We have for
years and years refused to pay interest upon
claims either of States or individuals.
Mr. ELA. Allow me to correct the gentle-
man right here. We have paid interest upon
every claim of every State of this kind; this is
simply following the precedent set in every
Other case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I believe I know what
I am speaking about when 1 say that for years
the General Government has refused to pay
interest either to individuals or States with
claims against the Government. I am aware
that some States have been paid interest upon
the sums advanced by them during the war of
1812 ; that I am not disputing. But Congress
long since departe.d from that practice. Now
it is proposed by this bill to inaugurate a new
system. I am not going to deny that the Gov-
ernment should pay interest in some cases ; I
am not going to argue that point. But 1 will
say that as we are entering upon a new sys-
tem it is best that we should survey (he ground
ahead of us, and see to what point this bill will
lead us, how far it will carry us, and whether
we will be able to overcome the difficulties
which will surround us.
Therefore, the substitute which I have pro-
posed for this bill provides that the Secretary
of the Treasury shall ascertain what amouut
of interest has been paid by each of the several
States of the Union for advances mrfde oil
behalf of the General Government for war ex-
penses since the war of 1812. That will give
us some data to act upon. I presume there
are very few States that are not similarly sit-
uated to the States of Massachusetts and Maine
in regard to this matter. I know very well
that my own State has paid a large amount of
interest, exceeding a million dollars—accord-
ing to my recollection exceedinga million and
a half dollars, actually paid out of our treas-
ury for advances made on behalf of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. We have been
reimbursed the principal by the Government,
but this Congress has refused to pay the inter-
est to us. And Congress has refused to pay
every other State any interest upon advances
that they have made during-the period that j
has elapsed since the war of the rebellion com-
menced, and for several years previous, I
believe. I presume there is not a gentleman
who now hears me who knows of a single in-
stance in which Congress has provided for the
payment of interest upon any private claim
preferred against the Government. We have
steadily refused all payment of interest to indi-
viduals upon their claims. And I suppose that
no one will deny that if a State is entitled to
interest upon its advances to the Government an
individual is equally entitled to interest upon !
his claim against the Government. j
But I am not going to argue that question. !
I only say that we should ascertain what amount j
the Government will be liable for if we estab- j
lish any such rule as this, what States have
claims against the Government for interest, j
and out of what the claim originated ; so that {
we may act understanding^ upon the subject, j
and not take a single case and pass upon that
by itseif without reference to other cases of a
similar character. My subssitute proposes that
the Secretary of the Treasury shall make this
examination and report to Congress at the com-
mencement of the next session.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELA. I now yield for five minutes to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mokcax.]
Mr. MORGAN. 1 trust the gentleman will
not limit me to five minutes in a grave matter
like this.
Mr. ELA. There is but an hour for debate
on this subject, and I cannot yield more.
Mr. MORGAN. Surely discussion will not
be denied when an attempt is made to take
from the Treasury of the United States on a
false pretense the sum of $700,000. If full
debate be denied, and no other member will
do so, I will move to lay the whole subject on
the table.
If the United States is indebted to the States
of Massachusetts and Maine, the debt should
be paid. If the United States is not indebted
to those States, then this is an attempt to take
from the Treasury of the United States nearly
seven hundred thousand dollars upon a false
pretense, as I charge, and stand here ready to
prove, if time be granted me to do so.
During the last session of the Fortieth Con-
gress a bill of this character was introduced
into the Senate of the United States by Mr.
Sumnke, of Massachusetts, tho chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations of that
body ; but it was scouted out of that body, as
it should bo driven from this. 1 repeat, if the
Federal Government is indebted to the State
of Massachusetts for expenditures during tho
war of 1812, the debt should be paid ; but if
the debt has been paid in full, as I shall prove,
then this measure is tin attempt to rob the
Treasury.
During the Fortieth Congress this claim ap-
peared in the Senate in the shape of a bill and
report introduced by Mr. Sumneii, of Massa-
chusetts, chairman of tho Committee on For-
eign Relations. Having met an untimely death
there, its ghost has made its entrance into this
body through the door of the Committee of
Claims.
For a moment, sir, let us consider the nature
of this claim, and what we, as Representatives
of the people, are called upon to do. We are
asked to give Massachusetts the sum of $078,-
3G2, claimed to be interest due upon certain
sums of money alleged to have been expended
by that State during the war of 1812. Now,
sir, what services did Massachusetts render
during that war? Mr. Somjjek, of Massachu-
setts, in speaking of the conduct of his State,
says in his report:
"Smartingunder these grievances, real or imagin-
ary, and stimulated by the party spirit so violent at
that time, lier Governor in Hie cnrlypart of the war
setup a pretension that the militia wh«n called into
the service couid not be treated as United States
troops, and be placed under the ordors of United
States officers without his consent."
Let it be borne in mind that this picture is
drawn by the son of Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] of whom his State is so proud. As far
as it goes it is the truth of history, but it is the
truth only half told; and its complement I will
read from page 03, first volume of Ingersoll's
history of that war. lie says :
" "With resistance to tho war loans New England
joined rctusaJ to their welt-organized lflihtia to tho
command of the officers of the Army appointed by
the President to command thorn. The constituted
authorities of Massachusetts—Legislature, Governor,
and judiciary—unanimously resolved thattheir mili-
tia were not liable to bo eailed out when tho Pres-
ident of the United States thought necessary, and
that when called out he could not depute Ills author-
ity to command them. To these heresies was added
the other extremely mischievous blow at the war,
that militia cannot be lawlully marehed beyond the
frontiers of their own country."
Such, sir, was the attitude of Massachusetts
while our country was involved in a foreign
war. Now, let us see what claims Massachu-
setts set up in consideration of iier services
in that war. No sooner had the last gnu lived
than that State commenced her operations
against the Treasury; and although she has
drawn more than 8057,000 for alleged war
expenditures, notwithstanding more than fifty-
five years have elapsed since the close of that
war Massachusetts is again knocking at the
Treasury, and modestly asl;3 the Represent-
atives of the people to give lier nearly seven
hundred thousand dollars more!
A word, sir, as to the history of these claims.
On the 15th December, 1826, a resolution was
got through the House providing—
" That tho claim of Massachusetts for military
services be referred to the Secretary of War, and
that ho be instructed to report to this House what
claim and what amount of said claim may be allowed
and paid upon the principles and rules which liavo
been applied to tho adjustment of the claims of other
States tor mi litnry services during tho late war, and to
which the assumed authority of the Governor of that
State to control the militia and to judge of theneces-
sity of ordering them into sorviee does not apply."
It will be observed, sir, that this resolution
required the Secretary of War lo report " what
amount of the claim of Massachusetts may be
allowed and paid upon the principles and rules
which have been applied to the adjustment of
claims of other States."
The Secretary was ordered to examine and
report what amount might be paid ; that is, to
report what amount was due to the State of
Massachusetts ; and after laborious investiga-
tion he did report that there was due Massa-
chusetts $430,748, and no more. And acting
on that report the act of 81st of May, 1830,
was passed ; which act, among other things,
provides for the payment of the militia of
Massachusetts in the following cases:
" First, whore the militia of tho said State wero
called out to repel actual invasion; provided their
numbers were not in undue proportion to the exi-
gency. Second, where they wore called out by tho
authority of the State, and afterward were recog-
nized by tho Federal Government. And thirdly,
where they were called out by and served under the
requisition of the President of the United States, or
of any ollicer thereof.
"Sfln. 2. And be it further enacted. That the sum of
$430,748 26, if so much bo necessary, be applied to tho
foregoing purposes, out of any money in tho Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated."
That amount was paid to Massachusetts, and
the language of the law shovts that it was paid
and received in full for the war claims of that
State. However, the greed of Massachusetts
was not satisfied. She had been fully paid
according to '"the principles and rules govern-
ing tho payment of claims to other States."'
But by methods best known to herself a joint
resolution was passed through Congress in
1830, directing the Secretary of War, "with-
out regard to existing rules and requirements,
to receive such evidence as is on file, and any
further proofs which may be offered tending to
establish the validity of the claims of Massa-
chusetts against the United States."
Under this resolution, which broke down
" the rules and requirements" which had been
created for the protection of the Treasury
against robbery under the guise of law, in
1837 the Secretary of War reported that under
the provision of that resolution there was
due to Massachusetts "the further sum of
$227,170 48." But no Congress could be found
until 1859, twenty-two years after the report
of the Secretary of War had been made, winch
could bo induced to invade the Treasury in
order to give to Massachusetts that amouut of
money over and above the amount due that
State under the " rules and requirements " of
the law whieli had been set aside ; and that Con-
gress made an appropriation of $227,176 48,
to give to Massachusetts over and above the
true amount due her as declared by the act
ot' 1830. Thus Massachusetts drew from the
Treasury, after prying at its doors for more
than hall a century, the sum of $057,024 74;
and she now has the sublime impudence to
ask Congress to give her nearly seven hundred
thousand dollars more, and I presume it will
be done ; but 1 warn gentlemen who may vote
to rob the people that with the people they
will have an account, to settle when they return
home. It is an outrage upon tho tax-payers
of the country to force through the House "this
scheme of plunder without giving an oppor-
tunity lo expose as well as denounce it. And
as I am denied time to discuss it, in the name
of the people I denounce this proceeding as a
well-planned scheme of robbery.
[Here the hammer fell]
