5632
TUD COKGEESSIOFAL GLOBE.
July 15,
the vessel is to be delivered. The American
register is simply to be issued during the eight
months, as the hill stood originally, ft piay
cover all the contract? that are already in
existence for the purchase of foreign steam-
ships. If it be so that a register may be issued
in advance of the cpmpletion of the vessel—I
am not sufficiently informed to say whether
that is so or not—but if it could be so, it would
cover all vessels contract^ for within four
months or eight months or whatever the time
may be thfit is limited here, to be delivered at
any time afterwards
Again, this bill does not require that the
persons who make these purchases shall Be
the exclusive owners of these vessel?; so that
it is entirely possible for a citizen qf New
York, for instance, the agent of any one qf the
foreign importing houses there, who has be-
come a citizen for the very purpose of carrying
on that business, to own the one twentieth or
the one fiftieth of a foreign steamship, and an
American register be granted because of the
fact that there is an American owner interested
in that steamship.
This bill, as any one will observe who takes
it up and examines it, requires careful consid-
eration. It is intended to effect a total revo-
lution in our whole ship-building policy, a total
revolution in our industrial policy; and, as the
Senator from Vermont has said, if the inten-
tion manifested when this bill was uj> a few
days ago be carried out, of abandoning the
first and second sections, it also contemplates
a total abandonment of our revenue policy.
We ought not, then, on the spur of the mo-
ment, in the last hours of an expiring session
to be driven' into any hasty legislation which
may effect such disastrous results tJfAmerican
interests and to American industry. If it be
necessary, as has already been said, that the
Government shall be supplied with foreign
steamships, is there any necessity for doing
anything more than making provision for that
emergency and authorizing the Government to
purchase as many of them as they see proper ?
I was astonished, and I confess that it led
me to think that the influences which have been
so long at work for the purpose of endeavor-
ing to eliminate this feature of our American
policy from our legislation had not yet ceased,
when the Senator from Ohio made the prop-
osition in this Senate that the Government of
the United States should discriminate in favor
of the persons who bought foreign-built vessels,
to the extent of ten per cent., as against all
other citizens of the United States. The Gov-
ernment, when it needs in any public emer-
gency the property of the citizen, has the right
to take his property, making compensation for
it; and yet under the very circumstances which
contemplate a public emergency, when the Gov-
ernment ought to expend no more money than
is necessary, the proposition was gravely made
in this Senate to give to men, who would go
abroad and paralyze our American industry by
buying foreign-built vessels and bringing them
here, ten per cent, more than any other citizen
could demand of the Government for property
taken by virtue of its sovereignty.
I call this to the attention of the Senate as a
feature which was attempted to be ingrafted
upon this bill; which is excused upon the alle-
gation that we are upon the eve of stirring
events in Europe which may render it neces-
saryforthe Government,forsooth,toavail itself
of the right to take the steamship that may be
used in transporting our own mail.
There are many other features of this bill
that would betaken up and would be discussed
if it were proper to do so at this late hour of
the session. I do not wish to subject myself
to the imputation of talking against time on any
measure of this character in the closing hours
of the session ; bat I could not refrain from
calling attention to some of the features of this
bill which render it manifest that we ought not
to legislate hastily upon a subject so deeply
and vitally affecting American interests.
If! Mr. ■ CHANDLER. _ I believe the pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. • It is.
Mr, CHANDLER. I hope we sliall have a
vote upon it, and I hope the Senate will vote
it dowp,
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 21,
nqes 15.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to amend the third
section by inserting after the words " United
States," in the sixth line, the following words:
And two thirds of the persons employed on board
of such ships, together with the officers thereof, shall
be Amerjean citizens.
Mr. CHANDLER, There is no ship sailing
under the American flag, two thirds of whose
crew consists of American citizens. I am will-
ing to accept an amendment that the officers
shall be American citizens. I hope the Sen-
ator will withdraw that portion of it requiring
two thirds of the crew to be citizens, and then
I will accept the rest.
Mr. CAMERON. Well, I will say half the
crew.
• Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, no; let that stand
under the law as it now is, and that they shall
be commanded by American citizens. I will
accept that.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator accept that modification of his amend-
ment?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir; I acccpt that,
that the officers shall be American citizens.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to offer an amendment
to insert in the sixth line, after the word " pur-
chased," the words "within that time; " and
in the seventh line, between the words " and"
and "owned," to insert the word "exclus-
ively ; " so that it will read :
Purchased within that time by citizens of the
United States in foreign, countries, and exclusively
owned by them.
Mr. DRAKE. "Purchased by citizens of
the United States in foreign countries, and
owned by them!"
Mr. SCOTT. That is the language of the
bill as it reads now.
Mr. DRAKE. Then that would prevent any
citizen of the United States in this country
from buying them.
Mr. SCOTT. That refers to the purchase,
as I understand.
Mr. DRAKE. That collocation of words
now, I suggest to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, is open to that construction.
Mr. SCOTT. I am not responsible for that
collocation. It was in the bill as originally
reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands from the Secretary that there is a
pending motion of the Senator from Ohio to
strike out the clause where the Senator from
Pennsylvania proposes to insert words.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the vote will be
taken on my amendment, and then it will be
open to further amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion, then, is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. BAYARD. Let it be reported as it
stands.
The Chief Clerk. The section proposed
to be amended, if so amended, will read:
That for and during four months Crura the date of
the passage of this act the Secretary of the Treasury
shall be authorized and empowered to is-nie Ameri-
can registeis to iron-built steamships ot not loss than
two thousand tons burden, purchased by citizens ol
the United States, and to bo used in the transatlan-
tic mail service of the United States, with the lollop-
ing condition contained hi each reg s-.Ier: tint such
ships shall not be used nor employed in too eo-isu
trade of the United States nor in the Not! !i Pacific,
and that any such steamship may be taken by the
United States for naval service upon payment in
coin to the owners thereof of the fall value of suub
steamship.
Mr. COLE. I wish to offer an amendment
to perfect and render practical the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio, to come in at -the
end of the section. I have but one remark to
make before if is read. The section provides
for transatlantic mail service; but I do not see
that there is any power or authority on the
part of the Postmaster General to avail him-
self of that service. I ask that.the amendment
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, to the
amendment, which was to add the following:
And the Postmaster General may contract with
American steamship owners to carry the mails be-
tween ports of the United States and foreign coun-
tries, which contracts shall be subject to the approval
of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the law now. I
have no objection to it if the Senator wishes to
put it on. The Postmaster General has full
power now to make those contracts.
Mr. COLE. I think it had better be put on.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is hardly worth while
to put it on. That is the law now.
Mr. MeDONALD. I move to strike out the
words " in coin."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Arkansas that
this is an amendment to an amendment, and
his amendment is not now in order.
Mr. MeDONALD. I move to strike out the
words "in coin" in the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, for the purpose of perfecting
that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clause
which the Senator from Arkansas proposes to
amend is not affected at all by the amendment
now offered.
Mr. COLE. T hope the Senator will let iny
amendment be voted on, and voted in.
Mr. SHERMAN. The effect of that will be
to authorize the Postmaster General t,o give
subsidies. Under the present law the Post-
master General has the right to make any con-
tract for running the mail, but is limited to the
amount of the oecan postage, and we ought not
to enlarge that power.
Mr. COLE. This amendment provides that
the contracts shall be subject to the approval
of Congress, and Congress will meet again in
five months. There is no difficulty in the way
of adopting this amendment, it seems to me.
The matter is left entirely to the approval of
.Congress. I think the amendment had better
be inserted, although the Postmaster General
now has authority t,o contract with owners of
foreign steamers 
Mr. CHANDLER.. And American, too.
Mr. CGLM. Under certain limits. 1 think
there can be no objection to this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from California to the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected—ayes nine, noe3 not counted.
Mr. MeDONALD. I now move to amend
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio by
I striking out, the words " in coin."
| Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care whether
j those words are in or out, beoause it is a mat-
1 ter perfectly immaterial.
i The amendment to the amendment was
i agreed to.
[ Mr. CORBETT. I was appealed to by the
i Senator from Ohio to withdraw my arnend-
: menl so that his could be adopted ; but. unless
! the vote is taken upon his amendment now,
| I desire to offer my amendment to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question imw is on the amendment cf the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CORREl f. I i-ho'jld like to have the
qutvion taken on that amendment, and then
I shall i.sk lor a \ote on my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I propose an
