1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1857
ot' John V. Crute, Buckingham county, Vir-
ginia ; of James C. Herndon, Culpepper county,
Virginia; of R. A. Coghill, Amherst -county,
Virginia; of E. S. Gay, Virginia: of Cyrus
Harding, Northumberland county, Virginia;
of Henry W. Clone, Winchester, Virginia, and
of J. E. Buck, Alleghany county, Virginia;
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
He also presented the petitions of John P.
Smith, Mecklenburg county, Virginia; of A.
J. Henderson, Northumberland county, Vir-
ginia; of Daniel H. Spengler, Warren county,
Virginia; and of W. C. Rice, Northumberland
county, Virginia, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a pe-
tition praying the abolition of the franking
privilege; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
John Coonan, late second lieutenant company
A, eighteenth regiment New York cavalry,
praying an increase of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
William H. Kuhns and others, praying pay-
ment of their pensions from March 8, 1£65, to
June 6,1866, being the time they were disal-
lowed said pension on account of being em-
ployedin the civil service of the United States; :
which waa referred to the Committee on Pen-
sons.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the petition
and accompanying papers of Dr. Mahlon Loo-
mis, which were referred to the Committee on
Appropriations lastyear, be taken from the files
and rereferred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations. They relate to a system of telegraphing
without the use of wires. I believe he wants
some appropriation to enable him to telegraph
across the Atlantic ocean without either cable
or wires. I know nothing of the merits of
it, but I commend the enterprise of the young
man. He asks to have his papers referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OV COMMITTERS.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 609) granting wild lands in the Terri-
tory of Wyoming to aid in the construction of
a railroad from a point on the Union Pacific
railroad at or near Church Butte station, in
said Territory, to the headwaters of Smith's
Fork, in the Uinta mountains, and to secure
to the Government free transit for postal mat-
ter, troops, &c., over the same, reported it with
amendments. _
He also, from the same committee, to whom
„ was referred the bill (S. No. 55) granting the
right of way and lands to the Pecos and Placer
Mining and Ditch Company of New Mexico,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 86) in regard to
the suspension of the sale of certain Iand9 in
California, reported it with amendments, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to report from the
Committee on the District of Columbia an
amendment to the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill, which I wish to
have referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
rcfsrrcd*
Mr. DRAKE. I offer an amendment to the
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 117.
general appropriation bill, and move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have been requested to
present to the Senate and propose an amend-
ment to the general appropriation bill, which
is intended to regulate salaries in the different
Departments of the Government. I move that
it be printed,and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Ihe motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
652) to incorporate the association called the
Sons and Daughters of Liberty; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. This is simply a charitable
institution which asks an act of incorporation.
I move the reference of the bill to the Com- I
mittee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
653) to promote the securing of efficient seamen
for the Navy of the United States; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON. I have been requested to
I ask leave to introduce a bill to regulate inter-
i national correspondence by telegraphic lines
i between the United States and foreign coun-
tries, and to have it referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 654) to regulate
international correspondence by telegraphic
; lines between the United States and foreign j
; countries; which was read twice by its title, '
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela- j
tions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. I
No. 655) reviving a grant of land to aid in the j
construction of a certain railroad in the Slate j
of Alabama; which was read twice by its title,
; referred to the Committee ou Public Lands, j
and ordered to be printed. \
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No. 656)
to reduce the naval establishment of the 'Uni-
ted States; whichwas read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
THE TICB METER.
Mr. McDONALD. I offer the following res-
i olution, and ask for its present consideration:
!; Resolved, That the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
II enue be directed to communicate to the Senate a list
i of the distillers making deposits of money with the
: collectors of internal revenue for spirit-meters, the
1 amounts and date of said deposits, and registered
j capacity of their distilleries; the number of meters,
i their names and sizo respectively, which have been
! i actually attached to distilleries, and date and period
! of said attachment; the names and registered eapa-
i '• city of distilleries to which attached; the names of
1 < parties furnishing the same, and price paid therefor,
i1 and the time they were severally in successful oper-
ation. Also, the number of meters shipped to distill-
! era, for which the contractors received pay. that have
t never been used- the time when shipped, the amount
; paid severally therefor, by whom, and the reason for
I \ their non-use the total number, names, and size ot
meters delivered; by whom, at what prioo, ana upon
I what conditions; the amount of money received by
!! the contractor to this date, and the amounts claimed
;' due.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to ask one
question of the Senator, if he has taken into
consideration the cost to the Department of
furnishing this information, the clerical force
that will be required, &c. ? Very often resolu-
tions calling for information are passed here
hastily in the morning hour that take halt the
force of the Department for a week to answer.
I should think from the reading of this resolu-
tion that it would take a long while to prepare
the information called for. I do not know bat
that it ought to be furnished.
Mr. McDONALD. It is a very simple ques-
tion, and one that can easily be ascertained.
On examining the resolution it will be found
to be a matter of very great importance. I
hope the resolution will be adopted without
objection.
The resolution was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FERRY. I wish to call up the resolu-
tion I offered yesterday morning in regard to
considering treaties for annexation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will come up in a
few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Under the amend-
ment to the rules adopted yesterday it cannot
be called up at this period unless by unani-
mous consent. It will come up in the regular
order. Resolutions are now in order.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent to
take up, simply for the purpose of reference
to a committee, a bill that is now on the table.
It is Senate bill No. 640.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
640) to promote the civilization of Indians and
to prepare them for the rights and duties of
citizenship, was taken from the table.
Mr. WILSON. I move the reference of the
bill to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC PRINTING APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to make
a report. The Committee on Appropriations,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 150) to transfer an appropriation for the
public printing, have instructed me to report
it back without amendment, and ask for its
! present consideration.
i There being no objection, the Senate, as in
I Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
! sider the joint resolution.
! Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say to the
: Senate that there seems to be an immediate
i necessity for the passage of this resolution or
something like it. I am aware of the action
of the Senate upon other bills; but still, as this
seemed to directly originate here, I venture
to say that the Committee on Appropriations
have nH de inquiry into the faetfe, una we find
that in the fiintf appropriated for the purchase
of paper for the Pointing Office there is a bal-
ance remaining of $259,281 12. There is a
deficiency in the appropriations for printing
and also for binding; for printing of $90,000,
and for binding of $60,000, making a total of
$150,000, as 1 am advised by the Committee
on Printing. It will be seen that there is an
abundant surplus appropriated for the general
purposes of the printing establishment; but
the appropriations are divided in the way I
have stated. Th ere was appropriatedfbr print-
ing $400,000, and for biading-$800,000. With
this transfer I am tpld tot those appropria-
tions will be BuffiCiefrt'-for the purposes of the
department the year. I feel ealled
upon to say&at at the end of this week the
Printing Office will be entirely out of funds for
printing. I therefore suggest to the Senate that
they dispose of this matter at once.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
STATE OF GEORGIA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the bill (H.
R. No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States be made the special order for to-mor-
row at one o'clock.
Mr. POMEROY. Say Monday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 say to-morrow. If
we do not sit to-morrow it will be the special
order for Monday. I want it to come up imme-
diately after the funding bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Illinois moves that the bill in regard to Geor-
