546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
of the speech of Governor Walker, but one
published, as the Senate will see, like a hand-
bill or a broadside for circulation for party
distribution, which, as I peruse it from begin-
ning to end, seems to me most carefully re-
ported, I should say verbatim,; J cannot doubt
verbatim. Bead it, sir, if you will, with your
experience as a public speaker and knowing
the difficulties that reporters have to encounter
iu taking down the precise words, and I be-
lieve you will be convinced that here the re-
porters must have reasonably if not entirely
succeeded. The speech in this broadside
which I hold in my hand is entitled " Speech
of Colonel Gilbert C. Walker at Liberty, Bed-
ford county, Virginia, May 20, 18G9." I will
not read its beginning, nor the first topics that
it treats of, but I come down to a latter part,
and read as follows:
"Then my conviction is that the balance of the
constitution, bad as it is"—
That is the way he speaks of this constitu-
tion—
" ought to bo adopted. This for several reasons. It
jsinoreimporta,ntthan ever, under the circumstances
upon u*, that you should control the ytate govern-
ment. If the constitution expurgated shall bo
adopted, and you hare elected your State ticket and
your Legislature, you may proceed at once to pro-
pose such amendments to the constitution as will
clear it of all its dangerous characteristics. The
county organization need never be enforced. If I
am eleoted with a Legislature not Radical it never
will be put in operation."
And I am reminded that on this occasion he
was addressing the white ex-rebels, seeking to
enlist them in his support. Thus, sir, does he
hand over this promised system of public
schools to destruction ; he dooms it in advance.
On that ground he asks the votes of the white
ox-rebels. We "will clear it" says he "of
all its dangerous characteristics." Ay, sir,
knowledge is dangerous to tyranny; knowl-
edge is dangerous to slavery; knowledge is
dangerous to wrong and injustice. Well might
the representative of this recent political
triumph in Virginia be afraid to see a system
of public schools established in Virginia.
But this is not all, sir. What a man says in
one part of a speech is interpreted by what he
says in another. Now listen again :
"You people of Bedford"—
Says the Governor—
" have, perhaps, not suffered as much as wo of east-
ern Virginia from that, foul refuse which the North
lias, as it were, vomited over our country to distract
and devour it. Yet you have known some of the
evils resulting from the presence of these harpies.
'I'hey will continue to harass and injuro us until the
Htate government is restored, and it is your duty and
policy lo rally as one man to do what is in your power
to seize hold' of the HI ate government in every de-
partment."
"To seize hold,'' says he, " of the State gov-
ernment in every department."
"Then the curse of these fattencrs upon your sub-
stance will be removed, and noi till then."
Thus does ho speak of those generous men
who have gone down from the N orth to estab-
lish themselves in Virginia; they are "har-
pies. ''
Mr. POMEROy. Will the Senator allow
me to ask, was be not a carpet-bagger himself?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, he is. I can answer.
Mr. SUMNER. They are "harpies" ac-
cording to him ; they are " fatteners upon the
substance,'' and this gentleman is the appointed
man to drive them away. He is lo hold the
besom in his hand which is to sweep Virginia
clear of all men from the North and of all pub-
lic schools. Let it go over the country that this
person chosen Governor by Virginia pledges
fiimself in advance to break down the proposed
system of public schools. What greater atro-
city at this moment can be proposed? How
can you organize reconstruction except on the
everlasting foundation of education ? For that
good men have longed; for that efforts have
been made in this Chamber and out of it, and
now, when we seemed about to triumph through
ifce introduction of this clause into the eonsti-
tetioss, we have a candidate for Governor soli-
citing votes on the ground that he will nullify it;
and then, when brought before the committee
of the other House, you have heard his lame,
his impotent, his ignoble explanation. It was
read by the Senator from Nevada, and every
word that I have used about it aptly character-
izes it. If he were worthy to be Governor, if
he were worthy to sit in the seat which in other
times has been honored by good and great and
worthy men, never would he have made the
speech, never would he have made the explan-
ation.
I am reminded by my friend from "Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] that the explanation is what
he technically calls, and very properly, a cog-
novit He will execute it in " no manner de-
trimental to the people." Ah, knowledge is
detrimental to those interests ofwhichhemakes
himself the representative! Therefore, accord-
ing to his own testimony, would he go forth
with his besom in his hand against the system
of public schools.
And now, sir, would you know something
more of the character of this candidate ? I do
not rely upon what other people say, but I rely
upon his own words ; he is the strongest wit-
ness against himself. I may add that the Sen-
ator from Nevada in his defense has completed
the testimony against him. But here is another
speech made at Alexandria, near here. It does
not seem to be reported with the same com-
pleteness as the one from which I have already
read, but as reports go, judging from my own
slight experience, I should say it must be rea-
sonably accurate. Here is what he says; now
from this learn the man:
"He did not feel called upon to tell Virginians
what to do under the circumstances, but he would
with their permission tell them what he, after mature
deliberation, had determined to do ; for what was
Virginia's intercstwas for his interest, as he was not
like the man who carried 'all miqe tings in inino
bag,' and that was to vote down the two damnable
clauses which were to be submitted separately."
And what then, Mr. President?
" Take a dose of physic by voting for the rest of it;
for Virginia, required a dose of physic to enable her
to throw off the extraneous matter that now clings
to her intestines."
Thatis, the people from the North, the carpet-
baggers he calls them, and the public schools.
That is what he wishes cleaned off. He then
goes on:
" The great object now to be secured
Now, Mr. President, we are to know the
great object proposed by this Governor; that
which is to be like the guiding star in the
future—
" The great object now to bo secured was for Vir-
ginians"—
What do you think it is, sir ? To establish
the Declaration of Independence? To estab-
lish equal rights on adamant forevermore ?
To make this Republic great and glorious and
secure to all time ? Oh, no, sir; no such thing
as that; that did not enter into his mind ap-
parently ; but it was—
" for Virginians to obtain control of their own
State, to i/ot it out of the power of those who had
ruled over it for the last four years; and voting for
the emasculated constitution was the shortest and
most direct route that led to that end."
That is the great object; that is the guiding
star; that is the pillar of fire by night and the
cloud by day for this great Governor of Vir-
ginia. "The document," he proceeds, for he
would not call it a constitution—
"The document, too, he said, earned in itself the
.sword to lop off its own excrescences, for by it the
Legislature elected under it has power to coll a con-
vention which can alter or amend it: and if a Con-
servative legislature were elected hy October next
the State could have a constitution "whose beneficent
provisions would be as broad as were desired. And
the first Legislature too, ho said, by the constitution
had the power to propose ameliorating amendments
which if adopted by the succeeding' Legislature and
their action ratified by the people would have tho
force &£ fundamental law."
This is what this great Governor proposes :
nor is this all, sir:
" He had not supposed that there were men in the
State who in framing a constitution would go to a
lower fl«pt  of infamy than was oontained in the
fourteenth amendment? but he had been mistaken,
and he compared the State under the constitution^
a patient afflicted with cancer."
There is a double characterization; first, of
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, which he characterizes as
a depth of infamy, and second, of the consti-
tution of Virginia which has recently been
adopted, which he likens to a . cancer.' Sir,
what hope can come from such a man ? What
hope can come from the party that he repre-
sents? He is not alone; he was chosen upon
the basis of these speeches; through these
speeches he gained votes, and his triumph
represents the triumph of this detestable cause.
But, sir, this is not all. I have already read
on one occasion, and now introduce it here as
a part of the case, what he said at the fair after
the result of the election. We have had to-
day one speech that he made when the elec-
tion news came in. Here is another:
" The people of your isoble old Commonwealth
have declared themselves against vandalism, fraud,
and treachery"—
That is, against the Administration of the
national Government and of General Canby,
and of the reconstruction acts, which are'here
denounced as vandalism, fraud, and treachery.
" Virginia had freed herself from the tyranny of a
horde of greedy cormorants and unprincipled ear-
pet-baggers who came to pap her very vitals."
That is the way he characterized the national
Government in its beneficent influence there
during the last four years, affording protection
to all and gradually preparing the way for that
State independence which, if his principles
were to prevail, I have to say Virginia is yet
entirely unworthy of.
Then again, sii-, for he made many speeches,
at Charlottesville, in Virginia, on the 26th of
.Tune, 1869, he spoke, and here his speech is
reported by what the newspaper entitles?11 our
own reporter," perfectly well known to you,
Mr. President. Here is what the reporter
says:
"His speech was about the same as those made at
other places by him during the canvass. He gave
his reasons for voting against the objectionable
clauses in the constitution, and also stated why he
should vote for the constitution. He addressed his
remarks almost entirely to the white people, al-
though there were very many colored present. He
said he would not vote for himself for Governor, but
for a better man, General Robert E. Lee. He gave
three reasons for voting: forjjee: first, because Lee
is the greatest soldier of the age; second, beeause he
is one of the purest, best, and most noble men living,
one of tho greatest of all Virginia's great sons;
third, because he and General Lee stood upon the
same platform, universal amnesty and suffrage"—
Mark the limitation there—" and suffrage
no "universal,
frage: ''
no "impartial," but " suf-
"Xn place of so-called military government,which
means carpet-bag destruction."
That is another speech. Is it not, I ask, in
perfect harmony with the speech from which
I first read ? Are they not of a piece ? Does
not one harmonize with the other? Do they
not all fit? A man is known also, we are told
often, by the company he keeps. A candidate
is known also by the orators who speak for
him. I have here another paper, the Rich-
mond Dispatch, where I find a report of the
: second day of the State Conservative eonven-
| tion, and here is a speech by Mr. John R.
Edmunds ; I do not think he can be anv rela-
tive of my valued friend before me. This Mr.
Edmunds said :
"We wanted an administration around which the
white element would be rallied."
A white man's government! That is the
| idea. Mr. Edmunds then goes on to say :
"He portrayed very forcibly the advantage? to
accrue m Virginia Irom the election of Walker,
iter people would got the Legislature and the judi-
ciary in their hands, ami a state of affairs fuch as
u-jed to exist would oncc more come over theStat«."
"A state of affairs such as used to exist
would once more come over the State." What
was that condition of affairs? You know it
well, when, tinder the influence of slavery,
human rights were struck down sad trampled
