2802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
[Great laughter.] I have more sympathy
with the gallant gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan,] who seeks to cut down the expendi-
tures of the Army; and I have the utmost sym-
pathy with my friend and colleague, the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr.
Scofield,] when he seeks to curtail the ex-
penses of the Navy Department. I sympathize
with all those gentlemen. But I tell them I hat
they can do nothing, they can accomplish noth-
ing, unless they assist those who agree with
me in cutting down the supplies. [Renewed
laughter.] You must begin to cut down the
supplies of this Government if you want to
curtail rascality in the Executive Departments
of this Government. [Great laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendments. The question is on
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cake.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Is it in order to move an
amendment to that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not; for it is an
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would like to move to
reduce the-duty on scrap wrought iron to three
eighths of one cent per pound.
The question wasupon the amendment of Mr.
Cake, to make the duty on scrap cast iron one
quarter of one cent per pound, and on scrap
wrought iron one half of one cent per pound ;
and on a division there were—ayes thirty; noes
not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will renew the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cake,] modifying it so as to make the duty
on scrap cast iron $6 per ton, instead of one
quarter of one cent per pound, as he proposed,
and on scrap wrought iron $7 per ton instead
of one half of one cent per pound.
Mr. CAKE. Make it $8 per ton.
Mr. RANDALL. No ; let it be $7 per ton,
the same that the Committee of Ways and
Means proposed for pig iron.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think a distinction should
be made.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman think that scrap cast iron is any
better than pig iron ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not think it is bet-
ter.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The duty
on pig iron has been reduced to $5 per ton.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am not so certain that
that reduction will stand when we get into the
House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, you
do not.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will move to amend so
as to read as follows :
On <-ast scrap iron of every description, $6 per ton.
On wrought scrap iron of every description ®8 per
ton.
A duty of one half of one cent per pound would
be $11 20 per ton, which I think would be too
high for the objects we have in view. A duty
of three eights of one cent per pound would
make the duty $8 40 per ton. I propose to make
the duty on wrought scrap iron $8 per ton, and
on cast scrap iron $0 per ton. I think it is but
fair to make a distinction between the two kinds
of scrap iron.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I take it
that this Committee of the Whole mean to work
to a plan of some kind, as do the Committee
of Ways and Means. The Committee of Ways
and Means, after sitting on thisbilllong enough
to hatch, brought in pig iron at a duty of $7
per ton. The Committee of the Whole at once
proceeded to cut that duty down to $5 perton.
The Committee of Ways and Means proposed
on scrap iron of all kinds, more or less valuable,
a duty of $G per ton, $1 less than the duty on
pig-iron. Now, do notlet those gentlemen who
ask us to follow them in this bill come to us
and tell us that they were mistaken in all this
matter. Whenever any of them gets up I am
almost expecting to hear him say—
"I am Sir Oracle,
And, when I ope my lips, let no dog barkl"
I am inclined to think that they suppose they
know all that is known about this matter.
Now they come in and say they were mistaken.
After the committee, uponafair and full debate
on general principles, has concluded to put pig
iron down to $5 a ton, gentlemen representing
the iron interest propose to raise scrap iron to
$11 a ton. That being voted down with almost
unequaled unanimity, they then propose that
cast scrap iron, less valuable than pig iron,
shall pay a duty $2 higher per ton than the
duty on pig iron. Well, if gentlemen want to
make a nonsensical bill I do not know that I
ought to object,; but still I do not like to see
the bill put in such a form.
The gentleman from Ohio says that he be-
lieves the House will decide differently on this
question of pig iron from what the Committee
of the Whole did last night. Let me tell him
that most of the protectionists of this House
were present last evening and voted ; it was
gentlemen on the other side who were away.
When this question is voted upon in the House
the gentleman will find that I am correct.
When we had fixed the duty upon pig iron I
assumed that we should then have a plane or
standard on which to work. I could not ask
a reduction of the duty on steel if the duty on
pig iron had been increased, because the steel
men would say that as pig iron had been raised
so high they would not be able to make any
steel; but after we adopted pig iron as a plane
I had a right to assume, from the known ability
of the gentleman at the head of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and from the known
care with which he has prepared this bill, that
the committee would adopt a graduated scale
of duties, and that when the duty on the raw
material, the foundation of all our iron manu-
factures, had been fixed at a certain rate, we
should work from that point. Unless we do
this we shall get this matter all higgledy-pig-
gledy. Suppose that the duty on this scrap
iron should now be fixed at $7 a ton, and the
House should sustain the duty of $5 a ton on
pig iron ; we should then have the highest duty
on the worst material, and our tariff would
hardly bear scrutiny. I trust, therefore, we
shall assume that the House has come to a
conclusion as to the basis on which to work,
and that we shall bring all the different kinds
of iron upon a gradation, according to the
extent to which labor enters into them.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my former
amendment, and move to amend by inserting
"8|." I make this motion for the purpose
of submitting a single remark. Mr. Chair-
man, I have no pride of opinion upon this or
any other subject. Whenever I think I am in
error I am willing to admit it. I profess no
infallibility; and so far as regards any sup-
posed impropriety in a change of decision, I
would have the gentleman from Massachusetts
Mr. Butler] bear in mind that even the Su-
preme Court may decide one day or one month
against legal tender, and another time, possi-
bly, in favor it. Now, what are the facts in
regard to this matter? We found that the
tariff of 1864-65 made a distinction between
pig iron and scrap, putting the one at $9 and
the other at $8. The majority of the com-
mittee thought there ought to be a reduction
of these rates; and they brought down pig
iron from $9 to $7, and making a correspond-
ing reduction, they put scrap iron at $6 instead
of $8, preserving the same relative difference.
I have admitted heretofore, and I have no
hesitation in repeating that 1 think a mistake
was made in 1804 in drawing that distinction
between pig iron and scrap iron. The expe-
rience of commerce has proved that from the
moment the distinction was made all sorts of
frauds commenced by the introduction of scrap
wrought iron at a lower rate than pig iron for
almost all kinds of uses of a minor character.
I think it well that we should correct the error
which was then made. Hence, I believe the
proposition of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cake] is correet in principle, that
there should be such a distinction between pig
iron and scrap iron as will prevent the con-
tinuance of these frauds ; that we ought to
classify iron in such a way as to bring in old
cast scrap at a lower rate of duty than wrought
iron, for it is in wrought scrap that the frauds
are committed.
He proposes to bring in the cast iron scrap
at one quarter cent per pound, which would
amount to $5 60 per ton, not at all too high,
perhaps scarcely high enough ; but at the same
time he proposes to bring in the scraps of
wrought iron at one half of a cent, which would
amount to $11 20 per ton, which I think is too
high. I prefer the wrought iron scrap should
come in at three eighths of a cent, and if he had
made lhat proposition I think I should have
voted for it. That amendment being voted
down, I propose now, in order that there may
be no mistake, to put one at $6 and the other
at $8; the wrought iron at $8 a ton, which is
the present rate on scrap iron. I do this from
the conviction that wrought scrap iron ought
to be higher than pig iron. It is true in this I
have not been actuated by what was done last
night in reference to the duty on pig iron, I
propose in every item to follow out my own
conviction of what is right, and to vote for what
I believe to be right in reference to that par-
ticular item, without regard to what has gone
before or what is to come afterward. I have
assigned my reason for putting wrought scrap
iron at $8 instead of one quarter cent per pound
and one half cent per pound, which would make
it $5 60 and $11 20 a ton; and having so done
I now yield the floor.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Mr. Chairman, I rise
to oppose the amendment in the form in which
it is offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sciienck.] He proposes now to place a duty
of $6 a ton on all cast iron scrap, and $8 a
ton on all wrought iron scrap, if I understand
him aright. Now, I am not opposed to the
latter part of his proposition ; bat I am opposed
to making the duty on cast scrap iron at $6 a
ton. I was glad the proposition was carried
last night in committee to reduce the duty on
pig iron to $5 a ton. That is a fair duty, and
for that reason T oppose that part of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio which pro-
poses a duty of §1 more on cast scrap iron
than the committee have put on pig iron. I
think the duty on cast scrap iron should be $5
a ton, and I consent, so far as I am concerned,
to his amendment, making the duty $8 a ton
on all wrought scrap iron.
Mr. Chairman, very many members of the
House do not_ understand what is done with
wrought scrap iron brought into this country.
It is really a manufactured iron. Itisprepared,
accidentally it is true, but in many cases as if
deliberately prepared for manufacture. Men
who understand the iron business know what
is meant by piling iron in an iron mill, and then
reheating it and rolling it out for various pur-
poses of manufacture. Wrought scrap iron is
used as an advanced iron for the same purposes
for which iron in slabs, blooms, loops, or other
forms are used, which are provided for in the
next paragraph and upon which you place
a duty of one cent per pound or $22 40 per
ton.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
modifying it so as to make it $5 and §8 instead
of !j6 and $8 per ton.
Mr. CLEVELAND. That will suit me. I
know that all this fraud complained of is prin-
cipally in wrought iron scrap.
_ Mr. LOGAN. Is it in order to have the propo-
sition so divided that we may have a separate
vote on each one of these separate items ?
Some members may be in favor of one while
they oppose the other.
i he CHAIRMAN. It is in order to askfos
a division of the question.
