5634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President. I have
confidence in the good sense of myfriend from
Michigan, and I want to give him a few of his
own words and arguments on this same sub-
ject of ship-building. As I said awhile ago, I
can see no necessity for this bill now, and I
am glad to find that it is not going through so
easily as was supposed. The Senator from
Michigan not. long ago used these sensible
words:
"The ships that by hundreds and by thousands
used to be engaged in foreign traffic have all been
driven home substantially, and to-day we have more
ships than we can profitably use. They must wait
until the natural decay and wear and tear and loss
by accident shall havereduced the number to where
they will pay, and again your ship-yarda will be
busy."
He said, also, some other good words which
I will read presently. That argument, to my
mind, is irresistible against this bill which is
brought here on the plea that we require more
vessels than we have now in the country, and
for that purpose we are to do a wrong to our
own ship-builders and our own manufacturers.
He said further:
"I went through theship-yards upon the Clyde" 
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania inform us what it is
he is reading from ?
Mr. CAMERON. From the speech of my
friend, the honorable Senator from Michigan,
the gentleman's colleague.
Mr. CHANDLER. Excellent reading.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. Excellent reading; and
I am going on with it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. With a view of
offering this amendment at another time, if
the Senator from Pennsylvania will allow me,
I will withdraw this proposition and renew it
at a later period, provided the first and second
sections are not retained.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall vote for every
section, and hope all will be retained.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. For the present
I withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to withdrawing the amendment,
the yeas and nays having been ordered upon it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the vote on my
motion to strike out the first two sections.
Mr. CAMERON. That is very cool. The Sen-
ator from Ohio gets up to offer some amend-
ment while I am talking.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania was talking on was
withdrawn long ago.
Mr. CAMERON. The bill is not withdrawn.
I am talking against the bill, and reading the
words of my friend from Michigan.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest to the Senator from
Pennsylvania that for him to stand here and
read a speech of the Senator from Michigan,
made on a previous occasion, is "hash" and
" rehash." The Senator from Michigan ob-
jected to it so strenuously one day here that
1 should think, in consideration of his feel-
ings, the Senator from Pennsylvania would
not undertake to "hash" him up in that
way. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. Let me tell the Senntor
from Missouri that this is very good hash.
[Laughter. ] The Senator from Michigan said:
"I went through the ship-yards upon the Clyde. I
sow yards there with four or five thousand workmen,
where they brought in the iron in the ore from a dis-
tance of not more than ten or twelve miles; and on
the other side they brought in coal from not a great
distance at one end of the yard, and turned out three
thousand ton ships at the other; and every single
item that went info a shipwas manufactured in that
yard. So long as labor is under one dollar a day in
Scotland, and over two dollars a day in the United
States, wc cannoteompeteon thofree ocean in build-
ing iron ships. It is an absolute impossibility; for
it is estimated that live eighths of the cost of a ship
is laboi. They can buildships cheaper than we can.
Hence they have taken possession of this trade of the
world, and now the question is, what shall we uo to
get it back? Somcof our ship-builders say they can
compete if we will give them drawbacks. I am will-
ing to let them try."
Mr. THAYER. Will my friend allow me to
interrupt him for a moment ? I always enjoy
the speeches of my friend from Pennsylvania
and his original ideas so well that I hope he
will raise his voice a little so that we can all
hear.
Several Senators. Yes; louder.
Mr. CAMERON. It is very easy for peo-
ple to cry out "louder." The Senator from
Michigan has made so good a speech on this
subject that if it was not so near the hour of
closing I should go on and read the whole of
it, and I am surprised that he should now come
in here with a bill and with arguments so di-
rectly the reverse of those he used only a few
days ago when he made this speech.
Mr. CHANDLER. That speech was made
in advocacy of this very bill.
Mr. CAMERON. If it was, then it was mis-
applied very much by the speaker. It is an
excellent speech against the bill, in my judg-
ment. I remember when we passed that cel-
ebrated copper bill here, a couple of years ago.
for the Senator from Michigan, he told us a
great deal about not only the importance, but
the great necessity of protecting the labor of
our own fellow-citizens, giving them the use
of the mines, and thus adding to the wealth of
the country. I am surprised that he should
now be joining in a crusade against the labor
of the country; for this is nothing else. He
tells ns that our ships are rotting at the wharves
now, and yet he wants to bring foreign vessels
here to compete with these ships. We want
trade, not ships. Let us have the trade of the
world, as we once had, and we shall soon find
ships to put the trade into and carry it through-
out the world.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will study
that speech at home he will make a much better
speech to-morrow on this subject. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator is always so
witty that I dislike very much to interfere with
him.
Mr. BAYARD. I have an amendment to
offer as an additional section:
And be it further cnacted, That the act approved
February 10,1B66, entitled "An act to regulate the
registering of vessels," be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
That was a very unwise act, in my opinion,
passed at that time which prevented any Ameri-
can vessel which had been licensed or other-
wise authorized to sail under a foreign flag,
and to have the protection of any foreign Gov-
ernment during the existence of the rebellion,
from having the privileges of an American
vessel, or being admitted to register. I do not
care to argue the proposition ; but as we are
taking in others, I think it is about time to end
this law, which excluded from the carrying
trade vessels belonging to the American citi-
zens, who, simply for the purpose of contin-
uing their trade, of carrying the produce of
America and of other nations to and fro, re-
sorted to the screen of a foreign register and
flag. I think those vessels should not be pre-
vented from coming back to the country where
they really were owned, and which it seems
now stands in such need of their presence.
Mr. CHANDLER. From present appear-
ances there is an opportunity offered that occurs
n'ot once in a century for this nation to come
in and become one of the first commercial
Powers of the earth. The present appearance
is that all Europe will be embroiled in war
within the next thirty or sixty days. Our flag
was driven from the ocean virtually, so far as
foreign commerce was concerned, years ago.
Gentlemen here have talked about destroying
your ship yards. Mr. President, there is not
a ship-yard in the United States building such
a ship as is permitted to enter under the bill I
now urge you to pass.
Mr. BAYARD. I can give the answer to
that, if my friend will have it. It is simply
this: that your taxes are so high on the articles
that enter into ships that you cannot build
them to compete with other countries which
are less taxed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer you in the first
section of this bill a drawback of every single
particle of duty that is placed upon the mate-
rials used in ship-building, and I am prepared
to stand by the first section of this bill. But,
Mr. President, not one single man engaged in
the manufacturing of ships is interfered with
in the slightest degree if you pass this bill to-
day. Under it you will get a class of steamers
that you do not build and cannot build at pres-
ent, and send your flag around the world in
that class of ships that you do not produce,
and do not now own. I-went over this ground
before in a speech that I made here some time
ago, from which the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania has read.
Sir, we do not make the ships; we do not
build such as are now used. We have never
built a three thousand ton ship, and the ships
that we now propose to bring in are such ships
as are controlling commerce at this present
time. Now, sir, you propose to say, this Senate
proposes to say, that there shall be no compe-
tition. Great Britain shall control the steam
commerce of the world, and we will not per-
mit citizens of the United States even to be
competitors for this great traffic that is now
thrown open to-us.
Mr. President, I will not discuss it. All I
have to say is, that the parties who by dilatory
motions and by their votes kill this measure
to-day have got a responsibility that they will
live to regret. I have performed my duty,
and I regret that I have not been able to pass
the bill. If I had been able to pass this bill
the commerce of the nation would have re-
ceived an impetus that it will not receive in
twenty years, in my judgment, if the bill is not
Mr. BAYARD. Do I understand the hon-
orable Senator to give up his bill and with-
draw it?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir. I am going
to ask a vote on it.
Mr. BAYARD. I have something to say
on this bill.
credentials.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator give way
for a moment ?
I present the credentials of Mr. Richard H.
Whiteley, claiming to be United States Sen-
ator from Georgia for the term ending March
4, 1871, and of Henry P. Farrow, for the term
ending March 4,1878. I simply desire that they
lie on the table until next session. I am not
certain whether the Georgia bill has been
signed or not.
Mr. DRAKE. Every bill has been signed
but the Indian appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The cre-
dentials will he on the table.
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chi'ef Clerk,
'announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the enrolled bil. (H. R. No. 2413) mak-
ing appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes forthe year ending June 30,1871,
and for other purposes; and it was thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore.
ships for foreign trade.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senate bill
No. 950 is before the body.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think the honor-
able Senator from Michigan should do more
than be satisfied with his own performance of
his duty. If he has done that, or if any other
man has done that, he need ask no more. It
is not^ necessary for him, after having satis-
fied his own conscience in respect to this
measure, to make any suggestion or imputa-
tion that dilatory motions are resorted to ; that
is to say, motions that are meant for some-
thing else than appears on their face, are pre-
sented here for the purpose indirectly 
