1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4691
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from New
Hampshire said after the main question had
been ordered he would allow an hour for
debate.
Mr. ELA. I do not intend to occupy any
further time in the discussion of this question;
but as I have promised to yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania for ten minutes I will
now do so.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, since I
have been in Congress I have had my atten-
tion called to a variety of claims set up against
this Government; but I say upon this floor, as
I have said to personal friends in conversation,
that I have never heard of so scandalous a claim
as the one pressed upon the House in this bill.
I am very glad that some of ir.y Democratic
friends from Pennsylvania, who have a strong
interest in the passage of this bill, are on hand
to witness the opposition I promised to make.
They have a contract to build this road, and the
only chance for them is to take this $700,000
out of the Treasury of the United States. This
measure is to take $700,000 out of the Treas-
ury of the United States to build a railroad in
the State of Maine. These Pennsylvania con-
tractors are to build it, and of course they want
the bill passed. It is the only way, probably,
in which t.hey can get the job through.
If the State of Massachusetts should come
before anybody for her services in the war of
1812, I should say to the State of Massachu-
setts, in as civil and courteous a manner as I
could command, that her claim for those ser-
vices should be presented to the Parliament
of Great Britain, and not to the Congress of the
United States. She has no claim, and she
never had any claim against this Government
for services rendered in the war of 1812. Any-
body who will read the history of the United
States must see that such is the case. Yet we
were informed in the report read this morning
that Massachusetts, which is remarkable for
her politicians and wise enough to send her
ablest men here, had the address to obtain from
the Government of the United States full com-
pensation for this claim, which, as I have said,
ought to have been presented rather to the
Parliament of Great Britain than to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. The Govern-
ment paid this claim long since without any
just ground for it; and she took the money out
of the Treasury of the United States. Now,
my Pennsylvania constituents will ask what is
the pretense, what is the color under which
$700,000 more are to be taken by Massachu-
setts out of the Treasury of the United States ?
Mr. SCIIUMAKER. Was there any claim
ever made by the State of Pennsylvania which
she did not get ?
Mr. WOODWARD. The question is irrel-
evant.
Mr. SCHUMAKER. I only ask the ques-
tion, as the gentleman talks about going to his
Pennsylvania constituents. Has the State of
Pennsylvania ever presented any claim in refer-
ence to the war of 1812 which she was not paid
by the Government of the United States? I
do not say that I am in favor of this claim;
but I do not wish to bo put in a false position.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am not speaking
now in reference to any claims of Pennsyl-
vania. If Pennsylvania has set up claims
against the Government, and they have been
recognized and paid, it was because in the war
of 1812 Pennsylvania was a loyal State. She
has always been a loyal State, sir.
Mr. BANKS. And she has claimed draw-
backs on railroad iron imported for her rail-
rocid s
Mr. COX. Pennsylvania alone has not been
engaged in this question of drawbacks.
Mr. WOOD. I insist that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania shall be allowed to proceed
without interruption.
Mr. WOODWARD. Iam speaking in refer-
ence to Pennsylvania contractors and Penn-
sylvania members on this floor.
Mr. SARGENT. I insist that members
shall not crowd around the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, but shall take their seats, so we
may have order in the House.
Mr. WOODWARD. I say, if there be#a
Pennsylvanian on this floor who is prepared to
vote for this bill his constituents will settle that
with him next October.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman has been
so much interrupted that I hope his time will
b© cxtcndscl*
Mr. VAN WYCK, (from his desk in the por-
tion of the Hall most distant from the chair.)
Mr. Speaker, I rise to a question of order. A
few moments ago members were called to order
and I resumed my seat. I am the only one
who has done so. [Laughter.] I ask that
members be directed to take their seats instead
of crowding around the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
The SPEAKER. The House will come to
order. Members will please resume their
seats.
Mr. HOAR. I will now state the question
which I desired to put to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. I wish to ask him this simple
question, whether he does not know, as a gen-
tleman familiar with the history of this country,
that the troops of Massachusetts in the war of
1812, as regards their numbers, discipline, and
courage, were certified by the highest military
and the highest political authorities, includ-
ing President Monroe and General Scott, to
be equal to those of any State, in the Union,
and that what he charges upon the State as
disloyalty was merely a constitutional view
taken of the powers of the Government by one
Governor bttt afterward and during the war
abandoned by the State herself? 1 want to
ask the gentleman whether he does not know
that that is trne?
Mr. INGERSOLL. As the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has been subjected to constant
interruptions, I move that his time be extended.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will take ac-
count of the interruptions himself.
Mr. WOODWARD. In reply to some insin-
uations which were made over here on my left
in regard to the loyalty of Pennsylvania, L beg
to say that they were utterly impertinent.
They had nothing to do either with this ques-
tion'or with my line of remark. I was oppos-
ing this bill, and alluding to the fact that
certain Pennsylvania gentlemen—worthy and
excellent men they are, too—are the contract-
ors for this railroad, when the fact that Penn-
sylvania has drawn money from the Treasury
of the United States was flung in my face. I
replied that the difference between Massachu-
setts and Pennsylvania was that Pennsylvania
was always loyal. And then came the scandal
insinuated by the gentleman from New York,
FMr. schumaker.]
Mr. SCHUMAKER. I meant no scandal,
and made no insinuation. But when the gen-
tleman talks about not looking Pennsylvania
in the face, 1 say that Pennsylvanians are a set
of people whom almost anybody can look in
the face.
Mr. WOODWARD. You are not a' Penn-
sylvanian.
Mr. SCIIUMAKER. I am from the State
of New York. The gentleman knows that very
well.
Mr. WOODWARD. I said, that although
Pennsylvanians, very excellent and worthy men,
are contractors for this road, it does not become
any Pennsylvanian on this floor to support the
bill, and I hope it will not receive a Pennsyl-
vanian vote. It is a trumped-up claim for inter-
est upon a debt that never had any just found-
ation, but which was paid long ago.
And now I will answer the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.] The gentleman
asks me if I have read the history of Massa-
chusetts. I would infer from the gentleman's
question that he has not done so himself. If I
had time I would read to him a chapter from
a historical work, now lying open before me ;
but as I have no time I will give it to Mm to
read himself.
Mr. HOAR. I did not ask the gentleman
what history he had read, but whether he did
not know that General Scott and President
Monroe both certified to the gallantry and loy-
alty of the Massachusetts troops.
Mr. WOODWARD. I know this, that the
Hartford convention was a conspiracy against
the Constitution of the United States. And I
know that the State of Massachusetts has been
in conspiracy against the Constitution of the
United States ever sincc.
Mr. PETERS. This is for Maine. Let us
hear something now about Maine.
Mr. MORGAN. If my friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Woodwakd] will allow me, I will
read for the benefit of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] a line or two from
Jngersoll's History of the War of 1812. The
historian says:
"The constituted authorities of Massachusetts-
Legislature, Governor, and judiciary—unanimously
resolved that their miiitia were not liable to be called
out when the President ot theUnited States thought
necessary, and that when called out he could not
depute his authority to command them. To these
heresies was added the other extremely mischievous
blow to the war, that militia cannot bo lawfully
marched beyond the frontiers of their own country."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOODWARD. I understood the Chair
to decide that the time occupied by interrup-
tions was not to bo deducted from my time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman got ten
minutes, and the Chair lias allowed hitn three
minutes more for interruptions, which the Chair
thinks a liberal allowance.
Mr. WOODWARD. Ithink more than three
minutes were occupied with interruptions.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let the gentleman have
five minutes more.
Mr. DICKEY, [f begets five minutes more,
I wish some other Pennsylvania member to get
five minutes to speak for Pennsylvania loyalty.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. As
there seems a pressure on every side to go to
business on the Speaker's table, J do not pro-
pose to occupy, as chairman of the Committee
of Claims, more tune in continuing this discus-
sion than has been allowed to other gentlemen.
I do not desire to take part in the discussion
with the view either of defending or accusing
Massachusetts. I am willing thatanything the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has said in re-
gard to Massachusetts should stand.
I simply wish to call the attention of the
House to the fact that the reason why the
claim of Massachusetts was not paid until 1859
was because just such gentlemen as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward,] who
were hostile to the free principles adopted by
that State, opposed the payment of ihat claim.
It was in 1836 that a member from South Car-
olina introduced a bill to pay the second install-
ment to the State of Massachusetts, and it took
from 183G to 1859 before the claim could be
paid.
Nov/, let me in a single word state what has
led the Committee of Claims to this course of
action in regard to this claim. Now, asks the
gentleman from Ohio, are you not establish-
ing a new principle here? If the gentleman
searched the record he would see it is a prin-
ciple that has been established ever since the
foundation of the Government. So far as the
revolutionary war was concerned, after ail the
debts of the States had been settled in 1790
and 1794, a law was passed allowing interest
on all advances made by the various States in
the revolutionary war. So far as the law of
1812-15 was concerned, after the debts had
been paid, we passed a law saying that all the
interest which had been paid by the several
States should be refunded, and we paid the
interest, though not in a single instance until
the principal had been paid. And when the
principal had been paid to the several States,
then the State of New York, ten years after,
the State of Pennsylvania, eight years after,
