1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
under foot; when no man guilty of a skin not
colored like our own could expect rights any-
where ; when indeed, according to that auda-
cious declaration once made in this Capitol,
the black man had no rights which a white man
was bound to respect. That is the state of
things which this orator of Virginia, pleading
for Governor "Walker, wishes to have back.
Nor is this all. This same orator appears
in another newspaper, and, with your permis-
sion, sir, and asking your pardon for the time
I take on this matter, I will read a very brief
extract from what ho then said :
"Colonel Baldwin was followed by Mr. Edmunds,
who favored the election of Walker as affording the
means"—
What means ?
"the means by which they could bridge over the
next four years. IIo was not acquainted with him,
but from all he had heard he believed him to be a
man of some character. If Walker were elected by
Conservative votes the Conservatives would control
his policy and have the government of the State in
their own hands; he could do no harm, and in four
years from this time negro suffrage would be dead,
and the white man's party would be strong enough
to rule the State and elect Colonel Withers or any
other good Virginian they might see proper to ele-
vate to the position."
Such, sir, is the record of this candidate
whose position, as I have already said, is piv-
otalin this inquiry. Your action pivots on the
. character and conduct of Governor Walker.
If he does not inspire your confidence; if, on
the other hand, he has said and done things
which fill you with aversion, then how can you
trust to the government of which he is the
pivot? You cannot, sir.
For the present I confine myself to this
simple statement that I have made. Governor
Walker speaks for himself; I have said little or
nothing. It is Governor Walker who has
spoken. If the testimony is strong it comes
from himself, and it is because out of his own
mouth is he judged. Now, sir, is there any
truth in the old saying "Forewarned, fore-
armed V' Being thus forewarned, will you not
also be forearmed? Will you not take those
just precautions required by the reconstruction
acts, required by principle and by every obli-
gation of duty? Failing in this, I say it with
all possible respect, you abandon your duty ;
nay more, sir, you abandon the innocent
Unionists of Virginia, whether black or white,
to the tender mercies of their enemies; you
hand the lamb over to the care of the wolf.
Will you do it? Dare you do it ?
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, do you not
think that we have fallen upon evil times when
we are discussing in the Senate of the United
States the question of the admission of a State
into this Union, (assumingfor the sake of the
argument that the State has been out of the
Union) 
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Minnesota give way to me for two or three
minutes ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Minnesota yield to the Senator from
Mr. NORTON. I will yield for a moment.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, it was
stated by the Senator from Massachusetts that
this is pivotal; that this is the whole issue;
that it must be determined on the character of
GovernorWalker. Then, Isubmit, takingthese
extracts, garbled as they are_, written by enthu-
siastic party friends who evidently put words
into his mouth, reported by party papers trying
to carry the election and straining everything
he said to bring him up to the standard of the
Democratic party, trying to get him on their
side as far as possible by their reports, is there
one of them that is not the mildest possible
form of a Democratic speech?
In one of the very speeches from which the
Senator read Governor Walker declares that
his platform is and always has been universal
amnesty and impartial suffrage, going a step
beyond any other Democrat. If this is pivotal
because he has made such speeches leaning
toward Democracy, leaning toward what they
advocate all the time, then you declare that if
a Democrat is elected you will not receive the
State that elects him. No Democrat that could
have been elected in Virginia, no candidate
running for Democratic support could have
said more for justice than he said, taking it for
granted that those speeches are reported liter-
ally and that you have the full bearing of them.
The fact is that they were reported in a sensa-
tional manner by papers that wanted to make
them as strong as they could on their side.
None of those reports purport to be literal; but
these papers were making a summary, as strong
as they could on their side, of what Governor
Walker said.
But admitting all that has been read to be
what he stated, have you ever heard a milder
Democratic speech in this Chamber for the last
five years? Take the most conservative of the
Democrats speaking under the most ordinary
circumstances, and has any of them ever used
milder language than that which has been read?
But take his summing up after the election,
reminding the people of the issues upon which
they had succeeded, and reminding them that
they must carry out their pledges to give to all
men an equal chance:
" We must remember that wehavesuceecded on the
platform ol universal suffrage and equal rights; and
we must see that those who opposed us as well as
those who supported ns have all their rights, and are
protected fully by the law and with the law and under
the law. They must be educated andtaughtthe value
of the great boon of franchise that has been con-
ferred upon thein and the true value of being a cit-
izen."
Now I undertake to say that no Conserva-
tive, no person outside of the Radical party,
could have gone through the canvass without
dropping utterances which would have been
worse than any that have been quoted ; and if
this is pivotal, if this is to be the pivot upon
which this question is to turn, it is a declara-
tion that no southern State shall be organized
unless it is Republican ; that it may comply
with all we require, but still we will not accept
them unless they come here with a Republican
majority. It is well known that I do not ap-
prove of these sentiments, if they are correctly
reported, any more than the Senator from
Massachusetts. I do not believe that Governor
Walker over made any remarks disparaging
the fourteenth amendment. He denies ever
having made them ; and I know he has been
in favor of that amendment. He says he never
saw the report of that speech from which those
remarks were read. When he heard it he recog-
nized in it things which he had said and things
which he had not said. It is reported as sen-
sational articles are usually published after a
public meeting.
There is nothing unusual, nothing extrava-
gant in these speeches. They simply use the
ordinary arguments in favor of adopting the
constitution. Ho was not denouncing the loyal
men of the North when he spoke of a class of
people called there "carpet-baggers." That
was the designation of the Wells party, con-
sisting mostly of men from the North. He
was addressing citizens of Virginia who knew
very well what was meant. We know there
was great acrimony in the contest, and if you
take the speeches of the other side I think
you will find expressions quite as bad, and, in-
deed, more so. I think GovernorWalker went
through the campaign as fairly, as honorably,
and as justly as any candidate could do upon
that side of the question. No Democratic
candidate speaking to Democrats could have
possibly said more in favor of human rights
than he did in that contest. The question is
whether you will receive any Democrat at all
from the South.
Then, besides, you are trying a man here
on extracts from newspapers ; you are trying
him when he is not heard.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We are trying Virginia
in the same way.
Mr. STEWART. You are trying Virginia
on lier constitution, You are trying Virginia
on the report of Canby. Yon are trying Virginia
on the recommendation of the President. You
are trying Virginia under the laws you have
passed. You are not trying her on ex parte
testimony, unless this memorial be regarded
as that testimony.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend from
Nevada, who says we are trying her on the
report of Canby, read that part of General
Canby's report which states in express terms
that in five of the counties the elections were
carried by intimidation and fraud?
Mr. STEWART. I have not seen that. I
prefer that the Senator himself should read it.
General Canby held that the election was fair,
and upon his report the President says Virginia
complied with all the terms prescribed, and
recommends her admission. I beg pardon of
the Senator from Minnesota for having taken
so much of his time.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, I did not
suppose that the Senator from Nevada would
have taken so much time when I yielded the
floor to him; but what he has said has only
fortified and vivified what I was expressing
when interrupted in the midst of my sentence.
I will commence again, and I say, Mr. Presi-
dent, do you not think that we have fallen upon
evil times when in the Senate of the United
States the discussion of the propriety of the
admission of a State into this Union depends
upon the merits of the man who is elected
Governor? Heretofore when States have been
admitted into this Union they have been ad-
mitted upon their constitutions, examined by
Congress and found to be republican in form,
and thus the people of those States through
their State organization come to be members
of the Union. But now in regard to the State
of Virginia; and I shall not discuss whether she
is out or not, or has been out or in the Union
during the war and since; when the proposi-
tion is to declare that Virginia is entitled to
representation in this body you do not look
to her constitution, her State organization, bat
upon this floor the Senator from Massachusetts
and others choose to discuss the merits of the
Governor of the State. It never has been in
the history of this Government that States were
admitted or were refused admission, that mem-
bers were admitted to the House and Senators
admitted to this floor or refused admission be-
cause of anything personal to the men that held
the offices in the States.
And, Mr. President, I cannot let the oppor-
tunity escape now to notice the Senator from
Massachusetts, who rises here and tells the
Senate what is their duty, as though his idea
of the duty of a Senator should be the idea
of every other Senator. Ay, sir, he lectures
the Senate upon what is their duty and what
justice and humanity require; and if they do
not do as he seems to think they should, then
he says the Senate is derelict in its duty and
does not do what it ought to do. Sir, the State
of Minnesota is not equal in population or
wealth, or in its history, to the State of Massa-
chusetts ; but upon this floor the Senators from
the State of Minnesota are the peers of the
Senators from Massachusetts. Young though
our State may be, and humble in ihe preten-
sions of her representatives upon this floor,
we have our duty to discharge and we do it as
we see it and not as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts sees it. I know that his displeasure
is terrible, but it has no terrors for me. His
frown may be awful, but it does not awe me.
"I cannot tell what you and other m£n
Think of this life ; but for my single self,
I had as lief not be, as live to be
In awe of such a thing as I myself.
Iwas born free as Cfesar; so were you.
We have both fed as well; and we oan both
Endure the winter's cold as well as he."
So, sir, I protest against the Senator stand-
ing upon this floor and telling the Senate what
their duty is, as though they must do as he
thmks or says they ought to do.
Now, Mr. President, let us come to the dis-
cussion of the bill before the Senate. It is a
