1860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
meat of the Committee on Finance, and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That for the purpose of reducing the interest on
five-twenty six per oent. bonds of the United States,
the Secretary ol the Treasury be. and he is hereby,
authorised to issue,on the credit of theUnited States,
coupon or registered bonds of such denominations,
not less than fifty dollars, as he may think proper, to
an amount not exceedine in amount the five-twenty
six percent, bonds of theUnited States .redeemable in
coin at the pleasure of the Government at any time
after ten years,and payable in coin at forty years from
date, and bearing interest at the rate of five per cent,
per annum, or at any time after twenty years, and
payable at forty years from date, and boaring inter-
est at thorateof four and a half per oent. per annum,
and payable at forty years from dato and boaring
interest at the rate or four per cent, per annum, pay-
able semi-annually in coin; and the bonds thus
authoriied may bo exohangod for any of the out-
standing fire-twenty six per cent, bonds of an equal
aggregate par value, heretofore issued, and known as
the five-twenty bonds, and for no other purpose; or
they may be disposed of at the discretion of the Sec-
retary. under such regulations as ho shall prescribe,
either in the United States or elsewhere, at not less
than their par value for coin; and the proceeds of so
much thereof as may be disposed of for coin shall bo
placed in the Treasury, to be used forthe redemption
of such six per cent, bonds at par as may not be
offered in exchange, or to replace such amount of
coin as may have been used for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator from
Massachusetts proceeds I will make a motion
to amend the second section so as to make it
conform to the first; to which I suppose there
will be no objection. In line seven of the
second section I move to strike ont the word
"thirty" and insert "forty," so as to make it
conform to the time fixed in the first section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from ■
Ohio, to perfect the section, moves to strike ont
"thirty" and insert "forty."
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to amend that and
make it fifty; and on that I have a word to
say; but I do not wish to interfere with my
colleague.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to interfere
with the Senator's colleague, and I will with-
draw the amendment for the present.
Mr. WILSON. I am aware, Mr. President,
that we are all weary of this debate, and I shall
occnpy but a very few moments of the time of
the Senate. The amendment proposed by me
is a very plain, clear, and comprehensive one.
. Every Senator at a glance can understand it.
The proposition is to strike out the first, sec-
ond, and third sections of the bill, and to sub-
stitute in lieu of them the single section which I
have presented.
I suppose the object of passing a funding
bill at all is to reduce interest. Our debt is
already funded. It is all safe. The bonds
already issued are as safe as will be those that
we propose to issue. The faith of the country is
pledged to their redemption—pledged over and
over again; and I believe, and the country
believes, and all the world is coming to believe
that the faith of the nation will be sacredly
kept. Now, we have between sixteen and
seventeen hundred million dollars of six per
cent, five-twenty bonds outstanding. We wish
to reduce the interest npon those bonds. If
we can fund them at five per cent, we shall
save more than sixteen million dollars annu-
ally, and that large amount is about as much
as I think we should pay annually for the
redemption of the debt during the next ten
years. If we can fund a portion of those bonds
at four and a half or four per cent, we shall
save a larger sum annually, and which should
go to the liquidation of the principal of the
debt.
Now, sir, what inducement have we to offer
persons who hold our six per cent, bonds to
exchange them for five per cent., or .four and
a half, or four pesxent. bonds ? The bonds
they now hold are worth at least as much as
the bonds we offer them, if at the same time
we relieve them from taxation to the same
extent. It is folly to suppose that those who
hold our bonds will feel that any additional
assurance we may give them will add any
strength to those bonds. All we have to offer
is time, time and nothing else.
What do I propose ? I propose to offer to
I the holders of our five-twenty six per cent.
| bonds the option of exchanging those bonds
i and taking five per cent, ten-forty bonds, four
i and a half per cent, twenty-forty bonds, or
four per cent, fifty-year bonds. 1 propose to
offer that to all the persons who hold our five-
twenty six per cent, bonds, amounting to more
than sixteen hundred million dollars. I do not
fix any sum of four or five hundred million dol-
lars for any one of these classes of bonds, but
offer to the present holders of the five-twen-
ties tlieir choice to take five per cent, ten-for-
ties, that we may redeem after ten years, to
take four and a half per cent, twenty-forties,
that we can redeem after twenty years, or to
take four per cent, fifty-year bonds, that we can -
not redeem without paying the market value
for them until tha expiration of fifty years. I
think a portion of the country will take the five
per cent, bonds at once, another portion will
take the four and a half per cents., and there
will be found some persons and institutions in
our country and out of it who will be willing to
take a long four per cent, bond running fifty
years.
But, sir, I do not believe that the four per
cent, bsnds provided for in the pending bill
can be taken anywhere, at home or abroad. I
do not believe you can now find purchasers for
a million of them in any portion of the world
to-day.
My proposition is plain and simple. If all
the present holders of five-twenties agree to
take your five per cent, ten-forty bonds you
will save $16,000,000 annually for the next ten
years, which will pay at least $200,000,000 of
the principal by the end of that time. If the
holders will exchange for four and a half per
cents., or new purchasers can be found for the
four and a half per cents., then we save a larger
amount. I think the long fifty-year bonds at
four per cent, will find purchasers in our own
country, and especially among institutions that
care a great deal about having permanent
investments.
Sir, what we want to do and all we want to
do in this funding bill is to save interest, save
expense to the people, make the debt as light
as possible; and I mast confess that I do not
wish to press the payment of it too rapidly, but
I wish to see some of it paid every year. It is
estimated that we have at least $25,000,000,000
of property in the conntty. The Secretary of the
Treasury, in a recent address in this city, esti-
mated it at $40,000,000,000. Suppose it to be
$30,000,000,000, and all this loan is taken up at
five per cent., what will be our condition at the
end of ten years ? We shall be able to reduce the
debt by the saving of interest at least $200,-
000,000. At that time we shall have perhaps
$80,000,000,000 worth of property. At the
rate we have increased during the past twenty-
five years our property will double in the next
ten years, and our population, now about forty
millions, will be fifty-two or fifty-three millions,
and the debt will be very much lighter then
I than it is now. At the end of fifty years, when
I the four per cent, bonds which I propose to
issue will become due, we shall have an im-
I mense population in this country, and at least
$350,000,000,000 of property at the rate of
increase of the last quarter of a century. I
have a table in which the increase of the wealth
of the country for the next half century is
worked out on the basis of the increase of the
last quarter century, and at the end of that
time we shall have at least $350,000,000,000
of property. The present debt will be but a
trifling matter then.
The present generation has borne a heavy
burden in labor, in blood, and in money. What
I think we should do is to make this debt bear
as lightly as possible on the productive indus-
tries of the country, encourage and foster all
those great interests of our people, make the
debt secure, make the credit of the country
strong. I think the funding of the debt upon
the basis I propose, of offering to the world to
take the choice between five per cents, for
ten years, four and a half per cents, for twenty
years, and four per cents, for fifty years, will
meet the needs of the country, will be promptly
responded to, and will save a vast amount of
interest, and thus lighten the burdens of our
people.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the first
three sections of this bill were carefully framed
with a view to sever the different loans into
different sections for convenience of reference,
and for method and order. The terms are
very explicit. The amount of each loan is
limited to $100,000,000. Now, the radical
objection to the amendment offered by tho
Senator from Massachusetts is, in the first
place, that it is very uncertain as to the amount
of bonds provided for in the act. Two or three
Senators might read it together and tliey would
differ. Are the long four per cent, bonds pay-
able in fifty years or afterlifty years?
Mr. WILSON. After fifty years.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know
how many Senators would be willing to issue
a bond of the United States payable at the end
of fifty years, without any right to redeem
before that time ? This would open a wide and
extended question upon which I could show
Senators authorities without limit. I could
show that never, from the foundation of our
Government to this hour, did the United States
issue a bond under any circumstances that was
not at the pleasure of the United States to
redeem after twenty years, and mostly after
fifteen years. I could show, from the writings
of Washington and Hamilton and Jackson and
all the fathers, that under no circumstances
ought a bond to be issued payable absolutely
for so long a period from date.
Mr. POMEROY. They never issued a four
per cent. bond.
Mr. SHERMAN. They issued four and a
half per cents. This opens a wide field of
debate. On another ground, the authority
conferred by the amendment extends to over
sixteen hundred million dollars, a much larger
amount than we want to fund, because under
the operations of the law as it now stands the
application of the banking fund will reduce
our debt before the first period has expired, and
within ten years, so as to reduce it more than
the limit now provided.
Again, the Secretary is of opinion, in which
! I concur, that it is important in order to enable
him to sell bonds that the higher-class bonds
should be limited in amount. This amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts au-
thorizes the issue of $1,600,000,000 of five per
cent, bonds. It seems to me that authority
ought not to be granted. We ought, when wo
are about to fund the debt, to limit the amount
of five per cents to not exceeding $400,000,000.
The Senate has already, by a decided vote,
voted down the proposition to increase the
five per cent, bonds from $400,000,000 to
$500,000,000. Now, the proposition before
us is to authorize the Secretary, at the dis-
cretion of the bondholders, to issue five per •
cent, bonds to the amount of $1,600,000,000.
I hope the Senate will be willing to take the
three sections as they stand, where all the pro-
visions of the loan have been carefully drafted
with a view to meet the wishes of the officer
who is to execute the law.
The amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is much more burdensome on the
United States, by extending the period much
longer and by authorizing the whole loan to
be at five per cent. Besides, it is very obscure.
I think if I were to go into details I could show
that in its whole language it is very obscure
indeed. I will not prolong the discussion, but
leave the matter to the judgment of the Senate.
Before I take my seat, however, I will move
the amendment I indicated before the Sena-
tor spoke, to strike out in the seventh line of
the second section the word "thirty" and
insert "forty." That is first in order before
the amendmentof the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
