3748
THE 'CONGRESSIONillPGEOBE.
May 24,
is to get everything ready, and when the mate-
rials are all on hand to put every energy to
■work to complete the locks during the next low
water. If these locks shall be torn dowh and
the new locks not completed, theft thetd will
be no navigation Of the canal daring the next
winter or nearly the whole of the next Summer,
which would be a very serious loss to a com-
merce almost as large as the entire foreign com-
merce of this country,
Mr. FOWLER. Larger.
Mr. MORTON. Larger, the Senator siySJ
I have not looked at the figures lately.
The canal is just in that condition. T£ey
have got to the point now, that to complete the
work they have got to break up the old locks,
and if the locks are broken up this year and
remain in that condition, then the river will not
be navigable the coming winter, and away into
the next summer—a loss that can only be com-
puted by millions. I call upon Senators to con-
sider this for a moment. The case ispeculiar.
There is another reason to whiGli I Will
advert; and that is that the difficulties of nav
Ration at that point have been largely in-
creased. A railroad bridge has been built over
the falls of the Ohio. The bridge was hot
built at the point contemplated by the act of
Congress, but was built, so to speak, right
over the brow of the falls. The result is that
large boats cannot pass over the falls in time
of highest water. It is a Very great impedi-
ment to commerce, a thing that Was not eon*
templated. A number Of boats have been lost
since the completion of the bridge* The boats
that used to go ovfcr the falls during the high
stages of water now eartnot pass the falls, and
must look to the canals; ana if the navigation
of the canal is destroyed during the doming
winter and the next Spring by the tearing tip
of the old locks, without having time to finish
the new ones, the loss to the commerce of the
Ohio river and to all the States bordering upon
it, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Kentucky,
Ohm, Illinois, and the States bordering upon
the tributaries of that riter, wilt be immense.
Now I ask Senators to consider the import-
ance of this question. Itis a question of time.
I call upon the Senate to remember that dur-
ing the last winter we had a similar case before
us to make an appropriation as a question of
time. I refer to the appropriation for the Des
Moines rapids in the Mississippi river. I have
the Globe here showing the proceedings on
that bill. That bill was passed in the House,
I believe, on the 21st day of December. That
work was not required to wait for the ordinary
river and harbor bill. Why ? Because a report
was made in the House, which I have here,
stating that there would be great loss and
damage to the work already done if the work
was allowed to stop; that there would be a
loss of machinery ; and for various reaSons it
was important that the work should hot stop;
and they called upon Congress hot to wait for
the ordinary appropriation bill but to appro-
priate $250,000 to let that work go right on ;
and it was done. When it came into the Sen-
ate the Senator from Maine [Mr. MorrILl]
himself reported that bill, and it passed by
unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What bill does
the Senator refer to?
Mr. MORTON. The bill making an appro-
priation of $250,000 for the Des Moines rapids
last winter. That was put forward out of .its
order, without waiting for the ordinary river
and harbor appropriation bill, because the con-
dition of the work at the Des Moines rapids
required it. And now I appeal to Senators
for this work upon the same grounds, only that
they are much stronger in this case. The navi-
gation of the Mississippi river would Hot be
suspended if the work at the Des Moines rapids
should not go on. It wonld still remain in the
condition in which it has been ever since the
country has been settled. Bttt, sir, we< have
got to that point, in regard to the Louisville
canal, that if jtha work it aot done this year
the navigation will be suspended for the time.
1 atk Senators, therefore, not to consider that
we are trying to get any advantage in hurrying
this thing through before the general river and
harbor appropriation bill, but that the question
of time is now vital to the commerce of the
Ohio.
I would remind the Sehators from Delaware
that the other day we appropriated $250,000
for the eofi«ttufctioti of a pier at some port in
the State of Delaware which in importance
bearB no comparison to the work embraced in
this atnehdtnefiti We did not wait for the
general appfopriatloh bill for rivers add har-
bors, but we ptit that bill through almost with-
out opposition, giving $280,000 for a pier in
the State of Delaware.
Now, sir, here iB a question that affects a
commence which, if It ifi second to any in the
United States, is only Beeond to that of the
lakes. It may be that the commerce of the
Ohio river is less than the eommeroe of the
lakes, but it is next to it; and this pommeree
is now just in a position to be most seriously
impaired by the failure to complete the canal
this summer. Therefore, we appeal to the
Senate to allow this appropriation to go through
in advance of the regular bill for the reasons I
have given.
Mr. CHANDLER. I know that the Sen-
ator from Indiana would not wish to mislead
the Senate; nor would the two Senators from
Ohio; tior the distinguished Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis.} Not one of them would
Wish to mislead the Senate; but yet they have
all fallen into a vital error. The Senator from
Indiana has just spoken of the vast import- i
ance of completing this Work this summer. !
The junior Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tiicrmait] '
last tiight Said :
" I hope this amendment will be agreed to for the
reason stated by my colleague, and also because the
work belongs to the Government, and since the '
building o.f the railroad bridge there, which makes
it almost impossible to pass over the falls even at
high water, as Was formerly done, all navigation by
large boats must be through the cabal. It is a most
geilotis obstaclo to navigation, and most injurious to
the whole country above the falls especially. Large
boats are now stopped, and have been for a long
time, for want of the enlargement of this canal, and
I believe this appropriation would about finish it.
"Mr. Sherman. This will finish it.
"Mr. Thurman. So that nothing more will be .
asked.
" Mr. Sherman. According to tho estimate of the
engineer in charge, General Weitzel, $450,000 will
complete it, and then tho Whole work is transferred
to tho Government."
Th* honorable Seriator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] proceeded in a similar strain to that
used by the Senator frpm Indiana just now.
He said:
" Now, sir, here Is a single stam of money of a small ,
ataount, the last that is to be asked for after a series
of a great many years of appropriations to this work.
This is the sole and filial sUm necessary to complete
this work and to open the canal around the falls and
make it just m commodious for navigation as tho
river itself is above and below the falls." !
Now, Mr. President, I hold in my hand the !
official estimate made by General "VVeitzel, the
Government engineer, showing not only that
this $450,000 will not complete the work, but
that it does not go nearly one half toward the
completion of the work. This is an appro-
priation for the enlargement of the canal, and
the engineer's report does not state that it will
complete the work. Here is what it will cost
to complete the work:
" Louisville and Portland canal: on the plan last
adopted. $1,178,000; according to origitlal plan,
$1,295,000, and aooording to the pla-h its I think it
should be
That is the plan they are now working upon—
" One million three hundred and ninoty-four thou-
sand dollars."
That is the amount that it will take to-com-
plete the Work upon the very plan upon which
they are working to-day.
Mr. MORTON. I call the <iiteilti0il 0f the
Senator to the fact that that estimate includes
the bonds.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have the estimates
here for every foot of sand, every foot of stone;
and if the Senator desires it I will read them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask whether that
estimate includes the bonds ?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; not a dollar
for them ; for then it goes on and gives the
bonds afterward. This is what it will cost to
complete the work. Since then there has been
appropriated out of the fund of last year, the
two million fund, $178,200, which is to be
deducted from $1,394,000; and that is all that
I am aware of that has been expended upon
that work by the Government since this report
was made.
Hence it will be seen, while these Senators
do not intend to deceive the Senate, that tliey
themselves know nothing at all about this mat-
ter. This shows the absolute absurdity of
Senators getting -up here, without knowing
ahything of the subject they are talking about,
and moving amendments to appropriation bills
and making assertions that the appropriations
they ask for will complete the work. Why,
sir, I hold in my hand an estimate which it is
perfectly appropriate for me to offer as an
amendment to the Senator's amendment of
$450,000. Here is the official document, Ex-
ecutive Document No. 181, Fortieth Congress,
second Session, giving different plans for this
very Louisville canal and its enlargement; and
1 can give every item for which this amount
Will be expanded, for I have it here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
date of that report?
Mr. CHANDLER. It is dated in 1868, and
it is the last report that has been made. The
engineer furnishes fourteen different plans, and
recommends that one of them be adopted for
completing the canal around the Louisville
falls on the Indiana side. One of these plans
is to cost $14,600,000. Now it is perfectly
competent, if this be adopted as a rule of the
Seriate, for any Senator in this body to get up
and offer as an amendment an appropriation
of $14,600,000 to complete the canal around
the falls of the Ohio. There are fourteen plans.
Which plan is to be adopted? What do we
know on that subject?
Much has been said about the vast commerce
of this Louisville canal. I admit that it is
important. I admit there is a vast amount of
commerce there. There is very nearly half
as much as there is passing through the Sault
Ste. Marie canal.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ? ,
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. What are the entire estimates
of the engineers for all the work that is now
proposed?
Mr. CHANDLER. The amendmentl offered
last night was the diminished estimates.
Mr. NYE. Seven million dollars?
Mr. CHANDLER. The Clerk can read the
exact amount. It is about seven million six
hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. NYE. What would be the proportion
for this Work ?
Mr. CHANDLER. About two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. NYE. Is it expected by the Committee
on Commerce to appropriate the whole amount
of appropriation to this work that is asked for
ilGFO ^
Mr. CHANDLER. No,. sir; it is not. The
Committee on Commerce do not propose to
report that amount. The engineer-in-chief
himself says that he can get along very well
this year with $250,000 for this work, and that
is about whatthe committee propose to report.
They hava Visited the chief engineer, and he
says he can get along very well this year with
$250,000} artd the Committee on Commerce
have a bill ready, and it lies before me, appro-
priating $250,000 for this work, which the chief
engineer saysis all that isessential, and which he
saya he can get along with very well this year.
