548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
singular spectacle which we present to the
country and to the world, that for four years the
Government of the United States engaged in a
war to keep States from leaving the Union, and
for more than four years of peace since Con-
gress has been engaged in legislation to get them
back. You, the dominantparty in this country,
would not " accept the situation " at the close
of the war; you would not believe us when we
told you that if the southern people were a
part of the people of this country they must be
treated in the same manner and as having the
same rights as the people of other States.
Now, since some of those States have been
readmitted and are again represented on this
floor, their Senators tell you just what we told
you then. You had Moses and the prophets
and you would not hear them ; and now these
have come up, risen literally from the dead,
and you will not believe them ; and Senators
who have never been among or mixed with
those people undertake to say on this floor what
they are and what we may rely upon, contra-
dictory to the statements of Senators from
those States.
But, Mr. President, this discussion has dem-
onstrated the utter failure of your whole sys-
tem of reconstruction. It has demonstrated
that those " irreversible guarantees " forwhieh
the Senator from Massachusetts started out
cannot be had. It has demonstrated that your
laws for the protection, as you claimed, of the
Union-loving and loyal people of the South are
laws that do not protect them, and cannot;
and those very people whom you sought to
protect or claimed that you thought you would
protect are here now to protest and to remon-
strate against it. _ As was said by the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer,] the Sen-
ator from Alabama, [Mr. Warner,] and the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] test-
oaths, proscription, ostracism, political and
social, will never restore order to these States.
It is demonstrated, and this discussion has
shown it.
But the friends of the amendments proposed
to this bill seem to want to preserve a con-
sistency with the reconstruction laws and to
make this legislation conform to those laws,
and hence they seek to impose what are called
fundamental conditions. Without going into
my opinion upon the question of fundamental
conditions generally, I wish to say a word upon
the view which has been presented in the
course of this debate.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
says that if Congress has the power to recon-
struct or restore it has the power to preserve.
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] says
that Congress has the power to deal with these
States. The Senator from Nebraska [Mr.
Thayer] thinks that because the Democratic
party is not a party to be trusted, therefore the
powers of Congress are enlarged I But among
them all the Senator from Indiana is the only
one consistent with your reconstruction laws,
the only one who is logical; because you started
out your reconstruction system in violation of
every fundamental principle and every tradi-
tion of our Government, and the Senator from
Indiana is right in saying, logically, that be-
cause these States rebelled, therefore the power
of Congress is forever equal to any emergency
that may arise.
But, sir, let us take the fundamental con-
ditions you have imposed; then what is the
measure of the power of Congress so far as
these States are concerned and all the States ?
So far as the eleven States which were in the
rebellion are concerned, because they rebelled,
because they were insurgent, the power of
Congress is measured by your reconstruction
laws; that is, the government you set up under
your reconstructions laws, and the power of
Congress, is regulated by those laws ; but for
the State of New York and the other States
the Constitution is the measure and the limit
of your power. Then we have a Union of
thirty-seven States; and, as to eleven of them,
if a question arises as to what Congress may do
in regard to them, if Congress has to deal with
them, you turn to your reconstruction laws and
you find the limit and the measure of your
power; but as to the others you look to the
Constitution, and that measures and limits
your powers in regard to them.
Sir, I do not believe in any such doctrine or
any such idea. I believe that when a State is
a member of this Union she is a State just
like all the others, and Congress he£s no more
power over one than another. I know that the
provision of the Constitution is merely that
Congress mayadmit new States into the Union;
but it is one of the traditions of this Gov-
ernment, like the traditions of the Church,
which Paul exhorted Timothy to preserve, and
it ought to be as sacred as though written in
the letter of the Constitution, that new States
are admitted upon an equal footing with all the
other States. In the ordinance of 1787 pro-
viding for the formation of States out of the
territory northwest of the Ohio, I find this
clause:
"Whenever any of said States shall have sixty
thousand free inhabitants therein such States shall
be admitted by Delegates into the Congress of the
United States on an equal footing with the original
States in all respects whatever."
There was where that language came from ;
there was its origin ; and though I have not ex-
amined all of them—I have examined the stat-
ute admitting the State of Minnesota—I venture
the assertion that from that time forth every
act or resolution of Congress admitting a State
admitted it upon an equal footing with all the
other States in every respect whatever. That
is a tradition of this Government which is well
worth preserving. So familiar had that idea
become to the public mind that the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] the other day
even thought it was written in the letter of the
Constitution. So much for these fundamental
conditions.
Virginia admitted is as much a State in the
Union as any other State, and may do what-
ever seems to her proper within the sphere of
her statehood. Else, as I have said, you have
for the States that have been in rebellion one
rule, one limit, and one measure to your power,
and for the other States another; and the su-
preme law that regulates your action, the
supreme law that limits your power in regard
to these States is your reconstruction laws, and
not the Constitution. 1 am sure my friend from
Indiana would object to being led into any such
absurdity as that; and yet if his premises are
right—and he is logical up to this point—they
lead just precisely to that, and Congress may
do with these States, because of their having
rebelled, as it pleases, limited only by the re-
construction laws, and with the other States
restrained only by the Constitution.
But, sir, I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that your whole system of
reconstruction, so far as establishing law and
order and protecting person and property in
the southern States are concerned, has been a
failure; and I will tell you why. Itis because you
violated every fundamental principle of free
government. It is because you subordinated
civil local government to the military power.
It is because you sought to establish govern-
ments at the point of the bayonet and the sword,
and to administer justice not in equal even-
balanced scales, but at the point of the bayonet
and of the sword. In doing that you departed
from what were considered settled and 'estab-
lished principles. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] so anxious to preserve
consistency and to show to the country and to
the world an unequaled adhesion to principle,
deserted the true principle of reconstruction,
upon which he seemed to start out, and went
off into the by-ways and the winding paths of
reconstruction for partisan and political pur-
poses. Sir, had that Senator adhered to the
principles that he enunciated upon this floor in
the form of resolutions the way to reconstruc-
tion would have been clear,
Mr. YATES. Let me ask the Senator what
rebels and traitors to this Government needed
besides bayonets and swords ?
Mr. NORTON. Mr. President, while rebels
and traitors were in arms against the Govern-
ment they did need.bayonets and swords, but
when the war ended and they yielded to the
Federal authority they needed civil law and
not the military. Sir, what do the Senators
from South Carolina and Alabama and these
other States tell you ? They tell you that they
should have local civil governments of their
own ; that they do not want Congress nor the
military dominating over the local eivil au-
thority.
The Senator from Massachusetts, on the
25th of February, 1865, when the subject of
the admission of the military government of
Louisiana, as it was called, or the Banks gov-
ernment, was under discussion ia the Senate,
introduced a series of resolutions with regard
to reconstruction, and among them I find "the
following:
"And be it further resolved. That a government
founded on military power, or having its origin in
military orders, cannot be a 1 republican form of
government' according to the requirement of the
Constitution; .and that its recognition will be con-
trary not only to the Constitution, but also to that
essential principle of our Government which, in the
language of Jefferson, establishes 'the supremacy of
the civil over the military authority.'"
The next resolution declares that the recog-
nition of such a government "as a legitimate
government will tend to enfeeble the Union,
to postpone the day of reconciliation, and to
endanger the national tranquillity." Sir, had
the Senator from Massachusetts adhered to that
in his course upon reconstruction, and opposed
the establishment of governments founde'd upon
military orders and by military authority as he
has opposed those founded upon civil author-
ity, we should have had a better state of affairs
in the southern States. He seemed then to
have been gifted with the spirit of prophecy;
he looked into the future, and he saw that the
establishment of governments in that way would
" tend to enfeeble the Union, to postpone the
day of reconciliation, and to endanger the na-
tional tranquillity." For over four long years
we have been attempting to reconstruct, to
restore, and to strengthen the Union under the
system that he then protested against, and we
are where we are now—the national tranquillity
disturbed, the Union enfeebled, and the day
of reconciliation postponed.
Mr. President, if there was anything that
could astonish the American people in regard
to this question of reconstruction ; if there was
anything that could awaken the surprise of
Senators on the other side of the Chamber in
regard to this question of reconstruction, it
seems to me it would have been when the tele-
graphic wire with its electric click sends to us
here information that to-day in the State of
Georgia there is sitting a military commission
to pass upon the eligibility of the members
elected to the Legislature there. It does seem
to me that tne Senate of the United States
ought to pause in this discussion-and ought to
inquire by what authority a military commis-
sion in the State of Georgia is sitting to pass
upon the eligibility of members elected to the
Legislature. Grant you, sir, that she is a Ter-
ritory; put her out entirely of the Union ; say
she has never been in it, and yet the American
Senate sit here and discuss the questions inci-
dent to this bill and allow a military officer to
organize a commission to pass upon and de-
termine the eligibility of members elected to
a territorial Legislature, if you please to call
Georgia a lerritory.
tt1"' Who has done that?
(i "ftJ ^ OR TON. The telegraph informs us
that there is now a military commission sitting
at Atlanta, in Georgia, passing upon the eligi-
bility oi members clccted to the Legislature
there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If there is any such thing
nobody m \\ ashington is responsible for it, I
very good reason to know.
