469.2
THE C0¥G-RlSSrOJSTAL GLOBE.
June 22,
sad then other Stales many years after the
principal had been paid, presented their claims
for interest.
Now, how is it? Why, says gentlemen, this
is an old claim. How old is it? The princi-
pal was not paid, as I have stated, on account
of the opposition of just such members as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, fMr. Wood-
ward,] who has risen to oppose this bill. . The
principal was not paid until 1859. In 1860
Massachusetts presented her claim forinterest.
Could she have done it sooner 1 The principal
'was_not paid before, so that she oould tell what
the interest would be. Every other State but
Massachusetts had been paid. After she had
presented her claim for interest the war broke
out, and we then said, "We will let the claim re-
main until the war is ended." The war is now
closed, and the Committee of Claims propose
simply to do for Massachusetts what has been
done for every other State; no more and no
less. It is opening no new door; it is estab-
lishing no new principle; it is simply doing for
Massachusetts to-day what has been dune
before for other States similarly situated.
As has been already stated, this matter has
been narrowed down so as to give to Massachu-
setts the smallest amount that haa been given
to any State. We have applied to the officers
of the Government, and they have informed us
that if the interest had been calculated upon the
same principle that it was in the case of the State
of Maryland the amount to be allowed would be
something near one million two hundred thou-
sand dollars ; but by calculating it upon the
principle upon which interest was reckoned
for the State of Virginia, where the smallest
amount of interest was allowed, it amounts to
the sum which has been reported from the
Committee of Claims.
Having said what I have deemed necessary
to justify the Committee of Claims, to show
that we have done in this case simply what has
been done in the case of every other State, and
which we cannot in reason refuse in this case,
I now call for the vote.
- Mr. BANKS. I desire one minute.
Mr. COX. I desire to say a few words.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I do
not think I ought to permit any more time to
be taken up by debate on this bill.
Mr. MORGAN. I callfor the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 62,
not voting 68 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, Arnell,
Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Banks, Barry,Bennett,
Xhnsrhom, l'ooker, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buck-
ley.lluffinton. Burdett. Benjamin J?. Butler, Cessna,,
Churchill, William T.Clark, Sidney Clarke, Clinton
Xi. Cobb, Cobuin, Conger, Oovode, Davis, Dawes,
Dickey, Donley, Dyer, Bin,, Esrnsworth. Borriss,
Fisher, Fitch, (iavtield, Gilfillan, Halo, Hamilton,
Harris, 11a vs. Ileflin, Hoar, Xlooper, Jeuckes.Kelley,
Ivellogg, lvelsey, Ketchaui, Kuapp, La.(iin, Las'u,
Logan, Maynnrd. MeCrary, Mckenzie, .1 esse It.
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel B. ilomi), Myers,
Neglcy,. O'Neill, Packard. Packer, Paiue, Palmer,
Peck, Peters, Phelps.Piatt,Poljuid, X-'omei'ov.llools
Santord, Sargent, Sawyer, Schertck, William J.
Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strader, Strickland, Sirong,
Taffe, Tanner, Taylor. Tillraan. Twicbell. Uii'-on,
Van Horn, Wallace, William B.Washburn,Wheeler,
Eugene M. Wilson, and Winans—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Bailey,Beaman,
Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, Blair, Buicii-
ard, Barr, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb.Oox, Crebs.Cul-
lom, Dickinson, Box, Eidridgc, Ferry, Finkelnburg,
tie;■/:, Haldeman, Uarnbicton, Hamill, ilawkin.-s
llay, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Lawrence, Lewis,
Marshall, Maytiam, McG-rew, UleKee, McNe ly,
Morgan. Morpbis, Mungcn.^ Niblaek, Orth, Perce,
Wilson, Winchester. Wooil. and Woodward—6J.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer,Barnaul.Beaton,
wold, llalgbt, Ilawley, Ileaton.Hill, Iloge, Hoimau,
Jlotchkiss, Xngersoll, Johnson, Alexanuer 11. Jones,
Julian, Kerr, Knott, Lourfmdge, Lyneh, MeCartny,
McCormick, Mercur, Milnes, Eliatam H. Moore,
William Moore, Morrissey, Newsham, Porter, gros-
ser, Randall, Bice, Bidgway, Rogers, fecofceld,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrotl,
Shober, Josoph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Stevenson, Stone, Swann, Sweeney, Townsend, Van
Wyek, Voorhees, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wilkin-
son, Willard, and Witcher—68.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to state that upon
this question I am paired with Mr. McCarthy,
of New York. If he were present he would
vote for the bill and I would vote against it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from this president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, one of his Sec-
retaries, announced that the President had
approved and signed joint resolutions and bills
of the following titles:
A joint resolution (II. K. No, 227) grant-
ing an American register to the British-built
schooner Venilia;
A joint resolution (H. R, No, 324) granting
condemned guns to the Soldiers' Monument
Association of Adrian, Michigan ;
An act (H. li. No. 1828) to establish the
department of justice ; and
An act (H. R. No. 195G) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue a register to
the schooner Cavallo Marino.
0RCBR OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCHENCK. Pursuant to the notice
which I gave the other day, I propose now to
move to proceed to the consideration of busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. PAINE. Before that question is put,
I ask the gentleman to allow me to introduce
a bill for reference and priming.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield i'or a few min-
utes, for such business as may give rise to no
debate.
FA?.!1! Ot' MO A IS'LAMJ LANDS.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2289) to provide for
the sale of certain lots and lands of the sea
islands of Beaufort county, South Carolina,
and for other purposes ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, and ordered to be
printed.
AUSTRALIAN STEAMSHIP LUIS,
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2290} to author-
ize the establishment of oc°tin mail steamship
service between the United States and Aus-
tralia ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the CormniUec oil Commerce.
c\i:t\okat new yokil cuvroit-jior.-Mi
Mr. COX. I ask consent to offer the fallow-
ing resolution, to which I think nobody will
object :
Jlfsolvcil, That tile Secretary of the Treamry be
rcspecttulty requested to answer the resolution ot
the House about the eaitnge icgulations^i' the New
Yujk city custom-house.
Mr. MAYNAIvD. I mast object to thai,
unless there is some special reason i'or it.
Mr. COX. There is no reason except tbio :
ray resolution on this subject was adopted by
the House tv.'O months a~o, and there has ns
yet been no response to it. 1 know the Secre-
tary has finished up the busin&s pro:ieriy ; but
we get no response to the resolution.
Mr. MA VNAliD. Unless ;hc-re is an under-
standing that there is some purpose at ihe
Department to ignore the previous resolution
of the House, such a resolution as tuis is, I
think, not respectful.
Mr. COX. It is a very respectful res,: -Intioa.
Mr. MAi'NAliD. I must object.
r.io.UAiH!  ;
Sir. CLARK, of Texas, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joini resolution (H. It. No.
349) authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to settle the accounts cf Richard If. Peebles",
of Austin county, Texas, late collector of the
port of Galveston, Texas; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
BBITISH-BtJI&T- STEAMER BAGP.4D. , . ,
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, also, by tmaniroouss ^
consent-, introduced a joint resolution (ii. li.
No. 350) granting an American registers the,
British-built steamer Bagdad ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce. •
UNION PACIFIC 1>,AILK0*I> BRA8CH.
Mr. VAN HORN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2291) to aid in the
construction of a narrow-gauge mountain rail-
way and telegraph line fro® a point oii_the
Union Pacific railroad, at or near Echo City,
to the mouth of Cottonwood cafiop, in the Terri-
tory of Utah ; which was read a first and second
time, referred tp the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered, to be printed.
pay of military organizations.
Mr. YAN HORN also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2292) to
pay members of certain military organisations
therein named ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
expulsion of w. scot!' smith.
Mr. POLAND. The committee-to whom,
was referred the resolution for the expulsion
of VV. Scott Smith, a correspondent, fiom the
reporters' gallery of the House, have directed
me to submit a report, and move that it be
printed. 1 will state that the committee recom-
mend that the resolution referred to them be
laid on the table.
The motioo to print the report was agreed to.
overflowed lands is mississippi.
Mr. BARRY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial of the Legislature of Mis-,
sissippi and a letter of <T. L. Alcorn, Governor
of that State, asking for aid from the United
States in reclaiming the alluvial lands of the
State from overflow; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
goat island, sax 2&axcisco bay.
On motion of Mr. WINANS, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on the Public Lands was
discharged from the further consideration of a
bill (H. li. No. 1314) to settle the title to Yerba
Buena or Goat Island, in the bay of San Fran-
cisco, California; and the same wag referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
nECONtlOKHATION of references, etc.
Mr. DAWEb. I move to reconsider the
vaiious votes by which bills, joint resolutions,
&c., have been referred or recommitted this
morning; and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Tlie latter motion was agreed to.
business on SPEAKER'S TAISLS.
Mr. SCHENCK. In order to expedite the
disposition of business on the Speaker's table,
I a„k unanimous consent that in the consider-
ation of such business debate bo limited to tea-
minute speeches.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot agree to that.
There a; e some very important bills on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. DAWKS. I desire to ask the House to
consent to give me an bour, by and by, for the
eon^idersuion of the miscellaneous appropri-
ation bill. I do not. suppose members will
desire to spend the whole day in ihe consider-
ation of business on the "Speaker's table. If
the House will give me an hour to-day for the
appropriation bill I will to-morrow move to go
to the Speaker's table for an hour, a.t.d on each
day. vi'guhuly. ft,r the same time.
Mr. sOITENOK. The gentleman can accom-
ph-,h what he desires by moving at any stage
to go into the Committee of the Whole.
