1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5637
the seventy-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
Strike out all of said amendment, after the word
"made," in line four of said amendment to the end
of the same, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
In accordance with the orders and decrees of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia.
And the Senate agree to the same.
Xha.t the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-sixth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
Add to said amendment the following words:
And report to Congress at the next session the
names of persons entitled to relief, together with a
statement of^the facts and sums upon which such
report may be based.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the Jluuse reccde from their disagreement to
the seventy-eighth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
In line five of said amendment, before the word
"compensation," insert tho following words : "in
connection with the revenues of the Government."
And the Senate agree to tho same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment:
In lieu of the words inserted by said amendment
insert the following words :
That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby di-
rected to withhold patents for any portion of the
lands known as the " Black Bob Indian lands," in
Kansas, and also to withhold his approval of all
transfers of said amounts, and to permit peaceable
occupancy by all settlers or Indians now residing
thereon until further action of Congress in relation
thereto, without prejudice to existing rights.
And the Senate agree to the same.
II. L. DAWES,
A. A. SARGENT.
JAMES B. BECK,
Managers on the part of the House.
L. M. MORRILL,
Jb\ A. SAWYER,
T. ]?. BAYARD,
Managers an the part of the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the House that
this is precisely the same report that was sub-
mitted to the House yesterday, except that
there is now left out the following provision :
And that hereafter no appointee of the mayor of
Washington shall be rejected by the board of alder-
men of said city, unles3 by a vote of two. thirds of
the members thereof in favor of such rejection.
I desire to say that, I do not know exactly
how that paragraph came to be in the report
made yesterday. There must have been some
mistake in reference to it, for the first. I heard
of it was the reading of it at the Clerk's desk.
When I heard it read, I supposed it had been
agreed upon by my colleagues upon the com-
mittee of conference, for there was a short
period of time when I was called out of the
committee room upon other business. And
when inquired of by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ward] in reference to it I gave
such reasons as occurred to me must have been
the reasons which influenced my colleagues to
adopt the provision. Immediately after the
adoption of that report I learned from my col-
leagues upon the committee of conference that
they were as much strangers to the provision
as I myself was. For that reason I imme-
diately asked the House to reconsider the vote
by which that report had been agreed to, and
to recommit it to the committee of conference.
The provision has now been stricken out of the
report, and I apprehend there will be no objec-
tion to the report.
Mr. HOLMAN. T think this report is not
properly comprehended by the House. We
understood the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawks] to state just now that the pro-
vision with reference to nominations by the
mayor of the city was to be inserted. I under-
stand now that it is proposed to strike out that
Dro vision.
The SPEAKER. The report was recommit-
ted last night for the very purpose of striking
out that provision. No vote given by the House
yesterday was given more intelligently than
that. In defense of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] the Chair feels bound
to state that the gentleman, in asking the re-
committal of the report, distinctly mentioned
the object to be the striking out of that pro-
vision.
Mr. HOLMAN. That may have been the
statement last night; but the report presented
this morning has not been read, and the state-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts was
not clearly understood.
The SPEAKER. The committee now report
the bill with that provision struck out. In all
other respects the report is precisely the same
as when it was presented last night. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts stated in moving
the recommitment of the report that the pro-
vision had got in by some mistake.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the previous ques-
tion on'the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of con-
ference was adopted; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the second report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. B. No. 2165)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
80, 1871, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2082) entitled
"An act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June SO,
1871, and for other purposes."
ELECTION CONTEST GRAFTON VS. CONNER.
Mr. PAINE, from the sub-Committee of
Elections, to whom was referred the contested-
election case of B. F. Grafton vs. J. C. Con-
ner, from the second district of Texas, submit-
ted a report, which was read.
The report states that the committee, having
.considered the notice of contest and the answer
thereto, the evidence in the case, and the con-
testant's brief, are of the opinion that the
contestant has not established his claim to the
contested seat. The brief of the sitting mem-
ber not having been submitted to the commit-
tee, the determination of his right to the seat
is postponed until the next session of Congress.
The committee report the following resolution:
Resolved, That B. F. Grafton is not entitled to a
seat in the House of Representatives as" a Represent-
ative from the second district of the State of Texas.
The resolution reported by the committee
war? agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATNE submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the sum of $1,500 bo paid to B. P.
Grafton, out of the contingent fund of the House,
in full for expenses incurred in the prosecution of
his contest for a seat in this House as a Represent-
ative from the second congressional district of the
State of Texas.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I wish to put a question
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.]
Has not this young man Grafton held, and is
he not still holding, a lieutenancy in the Army ?
Mr. PAINE. I do not know how the fact
may be with reference to thatmatter. 1 do not
know anything to the contrary.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am assured that such is
the fact; and if so, this resolution ought not to
pass.
Mr. RANDALL. I make this point of
order: this man Grafton, having been^and now
being a lieutenant in the Army, this House has
no power to pay him, because under the law
no man has the right to be paid for two places
under this Government.
The SPEAKER. That is not a point of
order.
Mr. PAINE. It may be true that he is an
officer of the Army. I will not dispute that;
but if he had sufficient title he would have
taken his seat upon this floor, and he has in-
curred all the expense of contest. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall demand a count of
the House.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum pres-
ent, and the gentleman had better withdraw
his resolution for the present.
Mr. PAINE. I will withdraw the resolution
until a quorum appears.
REPORT OF STORMS.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution relating to obser-
vation and report of storms, for the benefit of
commerce on the northern lakes and on the
sea-board.
Mr. WARD. I object.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS, NEW JERSEY.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table Senate bill
No. 692, to allow New Jersey $100,000 for a
custom-house and court-house. That State
has not had that much appropriated for ten
years.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I object. It ought to
go to the Committee on Appropriations for
examination.
Mr. BINGHAM. It has passed the Senate
twice, and I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. No quorum being pres-
ent, it cannot be entertained.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I shall object to
everything else.
UNITED STATES COURTS, MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported back
the bill (S. No. 390) to change the place of
holding the courts of the United States for the
northern district of Mississippi; and the same
was laid on the table.
CALL Of THE HOUSE.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer a resolution.
Mr. BIRD. I object.
Mr. CESSNA. 1 rise to a question of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER. Nothing can be done until
a quorum appears.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I move that there
be a call of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
adjourn ; and on that motion I call the yeas
and nays, so as to have a vote of the House,
to see whether a quorum is present.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays on the
motion that there be a call of the House will
answer the same purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays, then, on the motion that there be a call
of the House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 19, nays 124, not voting
87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bingham, James Brooks,
Buckley, Cleveland, Amosa Cobb, Coburn. Cowles,
Crebs, Dawes, Degenor, Dickinson, Duval, Eidridge,
Haight, Joseph S. Smith, Stevens, Stiles, and Eu-
gene M. Wifson—19.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Beatty.Beck,
Benjamin, Bird, Blair, Booker, Boyd, George 51.
Brooks, Buffinton, Bnrr, Cake, Calkin, Cessna,
Churchill. Conger, Conner, Oovodo, Cox, Cullom,
Davis, Dickey, Donley, Farnsworth.Ferry, Fiukeln-
buig, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Grisv-old, Hambleton,
Hamill, Harris, Hawkins, Riil, Ho.'man, Hooper,
Jeuckes, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Tielley. Kellogg. Kelsey, Keir, Kotchaiu, Koapn,
Knott, Laflin, Lawrence, Logan. Loughridge, Lynch.
Marshall, Maynarci. McCarthy, McCoruuek, Mc-
Crary, McGrew, McTvee, McKenzic, McNeely, E.i-
akim II. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. M"rre)l,
Rice, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks. Lionel A.
 ✓x « *-/■> • OV-. W! 1! i n tti SlmvfVi SIfiil'k' —
Wilkinson, Willard, wilnam?,
Wells. Whitmore,
