4694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
efit-s of his invention. He has made for him-
self directly, it is estimated, at least $100,000,
and he has made an assignment to other par-
ties who have made over a million dollars by
his invention. Now, I submit, Mr. Speaker,
that for any merits he has in connection with
this invention, which originated in Europe, he
has been amply compensated, and that itwould
be unjust and improper that Congress should
again tax the people who use this fire-arm for
the purpose of putting money into the pockets
of an individual.
Therefore, sir, I agree entirely with the Presi-
dent, that this bill should not pass ; that the
House should not consent to this reopening of
the case ; that it has been properly decided by
the proper officers of the Government; that
any rights that the party may have had have
been properly protected and respected, and
that the patent should be thrown open to the
whole nation, so that everybody may receive
the benefit of it that he has received by the
acquisition of so much money.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, I was glad to
hear the chairman of the Committee on Patents
conclude the effort that he was making, as
against the veto of the President of the United
States, by saying that the Committee on Patents
had never considered the merits of this bill.
It is creditable to that committee that ho should
have made that statement; for I feel quite cer-
tain that had that committee examined into
the merits of the case they would not have
stepped aside, and in virtue of their position,
at a late hour in the morning, when no one was
watching for the passage of such a bill as this,
and by unanimous consent, when no person
was expecting such action as this, have got
the bill passed through the House.
And here let me tell the House how this
proposition came before Congress, and how
we happened to be indebted to the favor and
fine judgment of our President for this his first
veto. On the 8th day of April, 18G0, quietly,
without attracting anyattention from the large
arms-manufacturing interest in the United
States, a gentleman from New Hampshire at
the other end of the Capi'tol proffered a peti-
tion, most ingeniously worded, for the relief
of Rollin White, simply drawn and shrewdly
calculated to win upon the sympathies of the
Senate, as well as on the sympathies of the
House. It was referred to the Committee on
Patents, a bill was reported the very next day,
and the next day afterward it passed the Sen-
ate of the United States with no opposition at
all, no discussion, no explanation, simply upon
the petition of one Rollin White, who claimed
to be aggrieved by a decision of the Commis-
sioner of Patents; and that, too, an officer who
had the respect of both Houses of Congress
and the confidence of the country.
And, sir, there were men in this House who
watched nearly all night for the motion of the
gentleman from Rhode Island, the chairman
of the Committee on Patents, to take the bill
from the Speaker's table. Unfortunately for
those individuals they were either out of the
House or asleep when the gentleman from
Rhode Island, with his peculiarly winning, con-
vincing, quiet manner of doing these things,
pushed the bill through the House. They did
not happen to get it to the Senate—although
the Clerk ran in hot haste to the Senate—in
time to receive the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident of the United States; and therefore dur-
ing that session it did not become a bill in the
sense that would require its presentation to the
President. When we came together last fall
the bill was signed by the Vice President and
went to the President. During all this time
not a single interest in the United States en-
gaged in manufacturing arms, neither the Colt
Manufacturing Company, nor Remington &
Son, nor the Whitney Arms-Manufacturing
Company, nor any other parties interested in
protecting themselves against the extension of
this patent, had anything to say. But I pre-
sume, although I do not know the fact, that
proper representations were made to the Pres-
ident of the United States, and, without refer-
ring to the individual interests that are involved
in this matter, he found that a prominent offi-
cer of the Government felt it to be his duty,
not in the interest of private individuals, but
in the interest of the Government itself, to
protest against his signature to this bill thus
nastily passed through Congress. We find
that A. B. Dyer, chief of ordnance, protested
against the passage of this bfil, and upon that
the President vetoed it.
And now we come right to the question
what this claim is, and why it was that in such
an extraordinary manner this bill should have
passed both Houses of Congress without at-
tracting the attention of those whose interests
were to be so seriously affected thereby. Rol-
lin White, not ninety days before his patent
expired, not one year, but for a long time
before his patent expired, was making appli-
cation to the Commissioner of Patents for a
renewal of his patent; and I find that as early
as the 19th day of July, 1867, the member then
representing the Worcester district in Massa-
chusetts, together with a large number of mem-
bers of Congress, including the names of the
following members now with us: George W.
Julian, P. C. Beaman, Hamilton Ward, and
Orange Ferriss, protested against the exten-
sion of this patent for the following reasons:
because this article was invented a long time
before the original patent was granted to Rol-
lin White, and had been used in foreign coun-
tries, and because Rollin White, who came
before the Commissioner ostensibly for relief,
had made, at the expense of the people and
at the expense of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, a large amount of money. And
then, in addition thereto and in connection
therewith, I have very high authority iu this
matter, the authority of a gentleman whose
name is known all over the United States as
an able lawyer, and who in his capacity as
Representative in Congress sent the following
letter to the Commissioner of Patents:
washington, July 22,1867.
Sir: I am advised that Rollin White is making
claim for the extension of his patent for perforated
chambers of breech-loaders or revolvers.
There are reasons which render it for the interest
of the Government, as well as parties in Massachu-
setts, that his claim should be examined before any
extension is made.
I thoreforo ask to bo notified of any hearing for
the extension, and would suggest that it be conliuutd
until the winter.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
BENJAMIN F. BUTLEK.
Hon. Commissioner of Patents.
Now, what is this patent?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me a moment?
Mr. LAFLIN. I prefer to answer all ques-
tions after I shall have concluded what I have
to say.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to call atten-
tion to a fact. I am surprised at that letter,
because I find by the schedule of expenses of
Rollin White, showing that he has never made
anything out of his patent, that he paid that
same gentleman whose letter has just been
read $2,000, jn 18G9, as counsel fees on his
slflo ol" h. c&s6.
Mr. LAFLIN. That is a fact with which I
am not acquainted, and it does not become me
to indorse it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow a certificate to be read from the Com-
missioner of Patents?
Mr. LAFLIN. Let it be re&d.
The Clerk began the reading of -the docu-
ment, (the whole of which will be found in later
proceedings of to-day;) but before the reading
was concluded,
Mr. JENCKES said : I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. JENCKES. I yielded the floor to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Laflin] for a
spcech ; and this is not a part of his speech.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman yield
for an indefinite time?
Mr. JENCKES. I yielded to the gentleman
as long as he should confine his remarks to
what is properly connected with this bill.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman yielded
for an indefinite time he can resume the floor
when he pleases.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The reading of the
document is nearly completed.
Mr. JENCKES. It has nothing to do with
this case. I object to it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It shows that $2,000
were paid to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] to advocate the extension of
this patent.
Mr. JENCKES. It makes no difference if
he was paid $10,000 ; it has nothing to do with
this bill, and I object to it.
Mr. LAFLIN. This Rollin White obtained
a patent, some time about the year 1855, for
boring through the end of a rotating cylinder.
At the time that patent proved to be of no use
whatever, because there was a difficulty grow-
ing out of the use of the cartridges which were
employed. Soon afterward, however, Messrs.
Smith & Wesson, a large arms-manufacturing
company, invented a metallic cartridge which
gave practical value to the patent which had
been issued to Rollin White. They went to
Rollin White, who up to that time had a patent
which was of no appreciable value, and made
an arrangement with him whereby he was to
assign to them all his right under his patent for
the sum of $500 and a royalty of twenty-five
cents for each arm manufactured under the
patent'.
After this arrangement had been made, and
a value seemed to attach to the patent of Rol-
lin White, there was an arms manufacturing
company that felt it would be to their interest,
if it was not their duty, to contest the validity
of the patent that had been granted to Rollin
White. If I am correctly informed, the Ethan
Allen Company, of Massachusetts, did enter
the contest and measure the length of their
arm with that of the large and rich and pow-
erful corporation which had purchased this
patent of Rollin White. The case was car-
ried from court to court, and came at last to
the highest court, the Supreme Court of tho
United States. And how did it stand there ?
Was the case made out so clearly that this
House must assume, as a matter of fact, that
Rollin White has a just right and claim to the
advantages growing out of this patent as the
original inventor? No. When this case came
before the Supreme Court, four of the justices
were in favor of confirming and four of them
were in favor of denying the validity of this
patent. Soon after that, as it has been said—I
cannot give myauthority, butthe circumstances
connected with the suit would seem to show that
such was the fact—an arrangement was made
whereby all opposition to this patent on the part ;
of the Ethan Allen Company should cease. !
Well, sir, in 1869 Rollin White appeared
before the Commissioner of Patents and asked i
for an extension of his patent. He does not i
appear there, you may be well assured, gentle-
men, as a poor, unfortunate, friendless man. i
Oh, no; he was acting in the interest of and 1
in obedience to the direction of Smith & Wes- I
son, a concern that from 1862 to 1868, through J
and by the means of this very Rollin White 1
patent, had made returns to the Government I
of an income of over a million dollars. I will i
read from the agreement which this poor, I
friendless, unfortunate Rollin White had made !
when he assigned this patent to Smith & (
Wesson: s
"And the said White hereby covenants to and with i
said Smith & Wesson that he will, if judged expe- i
dienfc by the said Smith & Wesson, apply for, and t
procure if possible, an extension or renewal of said 1
patent at the termination of the term of years for t
which the same is granted, and pay all expenses of >
granting such renewal." ^
And it also appears that the said Rollin ,
White had agreed with the said Smith & Wes- .
