3750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Mr. EDMUNDS. It wilf next year.
Mr. MORTON. But whether the bridge is
there or uot, when you tear up the locks you
obstruct navigation.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask the
Senator from Indiana a question. He said, ;
if I understood him, that if the SaultSte. Marie
canal was a case of merit like this he would
vote to put it upon this bill. Did he not say so ?
Mr. MORTON. I would if it could be
shown to be in the same situation.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I ask the Senator
whether he would not vote also to put on this bill
every other appropriation that could be shown
to be meritorious like this ?
Mr. MORTON. Not simply meritorious.
Mr. CONKLING. Meritorious like this,
urgent like this. Would not the Senator so
vote?
Mr. MORTON. I would.
Mr. CONKLING. Then it seems to me that
the Senator and I agree exactly upon the facts
and upon the premises upon which we ought
both to vote against this appropriation, and for |
an obvious reason. How can the Senator know, |
how can I know, in the case of any of these ,
appropriations, whether they are in truth as n
meritorious and as urgent as this until we J
examine and investigate, or hear discussed the
merits and urgency of the different appropria-
tions ? I do not mean to occupy time in doing
it, but I can suggest a number of instances
where, perhaps upon facts and for consider-
ations somewhat different, it is just as palpable
as it can be here that we should give twice if
we gave quickly; not only that the thing ought
to be done, but that it ought to be done at
once; not only that it is high time, but it would
have been high time months ago to make the 1
appropriation.
Now, we cannot go through and investigate '
all these cases unless we are to debate at large
the question of river and harbor preservation
and improvements upon this appropriation
bill, and I submit to tne honorable Senator—
without intending, as I do not) to challenge at
all at this time anything he has said regarding
the merit or the urgency of this work—that
consistency requires us not to assume that any
one work is meritorious and that all others
must be less so, but to allow this bill to reach,
its appropriate destination with its appropriate ;
proportions, and then take up, and I hope we
shall take up very early, the bill reported by
the Committee on Commerce, and let us go
through it seriatim, and eliminate from it :
everything which is not urgent, because I think
these appropriations ought to be made as nar- t
row as they can; and selecting those that are .
urgent, let us make common cause in passing
that bill. ;
Now, if the honorable Senator, and those
acting with him, are to succeed in taking this
one work up by reason of its urgency, and hav-
ing it acted upon favorably, and some other
Senator is to take up some other important
matter which he can show is the fellow of this, !
and have that acted upon, by and by there will
be a great residuum of meritorious things here ;
and who is to be sponsor for them, and when
are they to be considered?, Every man who
has attended to the philosophy of legislative
bodies knows that as long as you keep invested
in a bill the common interests of all, or many
combined interests, that bill will not be de-
layed ; and therefore I ask the Senator to allow
this to go into the group of other urgent meas-
ures, in the hope that by the aid which we
shall receive from him and from other Senators
interested in different matters at a very early
day we shall consider 'and determine all of
tbt;tn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to make
an appeal to the Senator from Ohio who
moved this amendment to withdraw it; and I
wish to make a few observations in regard to
that point; aud in the first place, as to the
urgency which has been particularly argued by
the Seuator from Indiana to-day. I do not
know that that does not exist, but I suggest to
him that this is not a remedy. This is an ap-
propriation bill for the next fiscal year, and he
will have no benefit at all from this act prior to
the 1st bf July. That, I submit, is an absolute
bar to the suggestion of urgency. Instead of
putting it on a deficiency bill which makes an
appropriation for the next fiscal year, the Sena-
tors believing this should address themselves
to the first opportunity on a deficiency bill for
this purpose. It is in the wrong place here.
This does not relieve them at all. If this case
is urgent and cannot wait this is not the place
to put it.
I submit that that is a perfect answer to the
idea of urgency. There will be a deficiency
bill in a day or two reported to the Senate,
and if the urgency is so great for this imme-
diate appropriation there will be an opportun-
ity to put it on there; and that is one consid-
eration which I submit is conclusive as to the
question of urgency.
Besides, I am informed that the House Com-
mittee on Commerce has already considered
the river and harbor bill, and .will in a few
days report it to the House with the expecta-
tion of its speedy passage. That bill covers
the entire subject of river and harbor improve-
ments, covering this very item, and covering
it precisely as this amendment proposes ; and
I submit to the Senator moving this amend-
ment that in all human probability that bill
will reach the Senate and pass the Senate and
become a law as speedily as the bill we are now
considering. This biH, burdened as it is with
numerous amendments, must go back to the
House, and then to a committee of conference;
and bow long it will remain there nobody can
tell. At any rate the speedy passage of this
bill no man can now anticipate.
For these two reasons I submit that on the
score of urgency this is no remedy whatever.
But there is another reason. It is altogether
out of place on this bill, as was said last even-
ing. The whole subject of river and harbor
expenditures originates in the House, and
properly originates there, and originates in
another committee altogether than that charged
with this bill. This whole subject has been
considered in that House; and when it comes
here it belongs to the Committee on Commerce
to revise and reconsider the whole subject;
and they have a right, according to the usages
of the Senate, to consider this very item in
connection with all the other items of the river
and harbor bill. I submit, therefore, that for
this reason the amendment is entirely out of
place here.
There is an additional reason, and that is the
embarrassment caused to this bill. It is just as
obvious to my mind as possible that if this
proposition goes on this bill is to be embar-
rassed by all the propositions for expenditures
which the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce may see fit to bring forward
here. The discrimination is so obvious, the
idea of putting this here is so invidious to other
appropriations which may be selected, that it
is apparent to my mind that the Senate will either
vote all on, or that they will vote this down;
and perhaps they will think the easiest and
most adroit method of doing the thing is to
vote them all on, and then it goes to the House
and to a committee of conference, and nobody
can doubt what the result of that would be.
They would all go off, as a matter of course.
I submit, under these circumstances, whether
in order to facilitate the passage of this bill
and get ready for something else I have not a
right to appeal to the Senate and to the Sen-
ator from Ohio, who has had experience in
these matters, to have this amendment with-
drawn, to the end that we may make some
progress, and thus get rid of this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can scarcely resist the
appeal made to me by the honorable Senator
from Maine, and I can feel the force of the
objections made by Senators in regard to this
bill; and in at) ordinary case I wpqld ngt hes-
itate a moment; but I know the people of th*>
southern part of my State, all along the Ohio
river, are so deeply interested in this mattei
that I feel they would blame me for withdraw
ing any effort in this direction.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me t.e
make one remark which I intended to mako
before I took my seat just now. To my mind,
looking at the estimate for this work, I seo
that it stands in the same class with the others,
aud there is no recommendation that it should
be appropriated as a deficiency. There is 110
suggestion that I have been able to find from
any Department of the Government urging
this as a matter of special necessity at this
moment. Unquestionably it is true that there
is a public sentiment in his State, more or less
strong, urging the Senator in favor of this
movement; but I fail to see a single sugges-
tion from any Department of the Government
or the Engineer Bureau urging this as a pres-
ent necessity.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ken-
tucky wishes to reply to some observation of
the Senator from Michigan ; and after he has
done that, I have concluded on the whole to
withdraw the amendment. I will not do it until
the Senator from Kentucky has replied to the
observations made.
Mr. CHANDLER. If this amendment is
withdrawn I withdraw mine.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not withdraw it until
the Senator from Kentucky has corrected some
statements.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall occupy the attention
of the Senate but a very few minutes. I concede
that the honorable Senator from Michigan, the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, is
much more extensively and much more accu-
rately informed in relation to the trade and
business and the internal improvements of the
country than I am, because his duty as the
head of that committee makes it a special object
with him. I do not pretend, therefore, and never
have pretended, to compete with him in the
extent and accuracy of the information he has
in relation to all such subjects.
I did not in the remarks which I made last
evening institute any comparison between the
business that was done through the canal at the
falls of the St. Mary and the falls of the Ohio
river around Louisville. The contrast that I
drew was between the business that was done
around the falls of the Ohio, at Louisville, aud
the falls of the Des Moines, on the Mississippi,
at the mouth of the Des Moines river; ana I
was induced to make that comparison from the
remarks that were made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.] He brought
up, very properly, the amount of the estimate
necessary for the completion of the work to
improve the navigation of the Mississippi
around the falls of the Des Moines, and lie
showed that it was about double, or more than
double, the amount that is asked for by this
proposition to improve the navigation of the
Ohio river at the falls at Louisville ; and he
insisted that the proportion of appropriations
to estimates ought to be something like in the
same proportion between these two items. 1
endeavored to countervail the effect of that
view simply by stating that I thought the bet-
ter and more correct rule was to make the
amount of the appropriation according to the
importance of tlie-improvementand the amount
of business that was done over the stream where
the obstruction existed; and I stated, or in-
tended to state, that the amount of commerce
around the falls of the Ohio river and over the
falls was twenty times and more than twenty
times the amount of trade and commerce
around the falls of the Des Moines. I think
so yet; but I may be mistaken.
The honorable Senator from Michigan has
shown that this canal is made by the excava-
tion of solid rock almost wholly. When I
spoke of this sum being necessary, and this
sum alone being necessary, to complete the
free navigation Qf the Ohio yivej at that point,
