5638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
John T. Wilson, Winchester, Witcher, and Wood-
ward—124.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ayer, Bailey,
Banks, Barnum, Barry, Baaman, Bennett, Benton,
Biggs, Boles, Bowen, Buck, Burehard.Burdett, Ben-
jamin ]?. Butler, Roderick K. Butler, William T.
Clark, Sidney Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Dar-
rall, Dixon, Dockery, Dox, Dyer, Ela, Ferriss,
Fisher, Fitch, Gibson, .Gilfillan, Haldeinan, Hale,
Hamilton, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Heflin, Hoar, Hoge,
Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones, Lash,
Lewis, Mayham, Mercur, Milnes, Jesse H. Moore,
Morgan, Morphis, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey,
Newsham, Palmer, Piatt, Pomeroy, Ridgway, Ko-
gers, Roots, Sanford, Schenck, Schumaker,Snerrod,
Shober, Slocum, John A. Smith, William J. Smith,
AVorthington C. Smith, Stevenson, Stone, Stoughton,
Strader, Strong, Swann, Sweeney, Taylor, Tillman,
Van Horn, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wallace, 0 ^wal-
ader C. Washburn, Wheeler, Winans, andWood—87,
So the House refused to order a call of the
roll.
During-the roll-call,
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed the bill (H. R. No. 2413) making
appropriations to enable the President to pay
certain annuities to and preserve the peace with
the various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1871, and for other purposes, with an
amendment, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
indian appropriations
Mr. SARGENT. I ask that the bill just re-
ceived from the Senate, with the amendment
thereto, be at once referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
make a statement.
Mr. M UN GEN. I object.
Mr. STRICKLAND announced that his col-
league, General Stoughton, had been called
home by sickness in his family.
The call of the roll was then resumed, and,
having been concluded, the result of the vote
was announced as above recorded.
The SPEAKER. The call of the roll shows
the presence of a quorum.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
A bill (II. R. No. 936) to provide for the
compensation of grand and petit jurors in the
circuit and district courts of the United States,
and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1533) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1871, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1898) to provide for in-
ventories and accounts of the property of the
United States in the public buildings and
grounds belonging to the United States in the
District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 1803) to disapprove of
certain acts of the Legislative Assembly of
Idaho Territory, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 335) ior the relief of
Jearurn Atkins;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 374) author-
izing the Postmaster General to adjust the
accounts of Geor..;e Chorpenning;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 381) giving
condemned cannon to decorate the soldier's
burial plat at White Plains, New York; and
A joint resolution (II R. No. 382) granting
condemned cannon for the erection of soldiers'
monuments.
indian appropriations.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask that the bill (H. R.
No. 2413) making appropriations to enable the
President to pay certain annuities to and pre-
serve the peace w th the various Indian tribes
for the yeai endin; J une 80,1871, and for other
pui poses, with the senate amendment, be taken
from the Speakei s-table, and move that the
House non conca in i he amendment, and ask
for a committee o conference.
. Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
concur.
The SPEAKER. The question of concur-
rence will be taken first.
Mr. SARGENT. I yield to the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr.
Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, this is a very
serious question ; and, as a member of the
Committee on Appropriations, I do not feel
like urging the House further to an adherence
to its position. It seems to me that the House
understands fully the importance of this mat-
ter, which really involves the question whether
the House shall have any voice in the appro-
priation of money or not. The position was
taken at the other end of the Capitol last night,
that by force of treaties alone, without any
intervention of the House of Representatives,
money could be taken out of the Treasury
whether the House of Representatives, a coor-
dinate and coequal branch of the Government,
consented or not. For the House quietly to
yield to such an assertion of power is entirely
to surrender their rights; and it seems to me
that if that is to be the doctrine there would
be no further occasion for the House of Rep-
resentatives. If that doctrine were conceded,
the Senate, by a reciprocity treaty, can ar-
range all customs duties and provide the rev-
enue without the aid of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and by the process suggested at the
other end of the Capitol that revenue can be
disbursed without any action on the part of
this body.
I submit, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that the
House of Representatives should calmly and
deliberately consider the action which it should
take upon this matter. I have no choice per-
sonally. I have nothing to gain one way or
the other. I live as far from the scenes of
these discussions and the effect of these dis-
cussions upon peace and life and property as
I well could. Perhaps, therefore, I do not
properly appreciate the difficulties and compli-
cations of this case. For that reason, I hope,
sir, 1 shall not be one of the committee of con-
ference to which this bill shall be referred; and
it is because I do not desire to be on that com-
mittee, and do not feel as if I could serve upon
it, that I have begged for a few moments the
attention of the House. It is proposed that
without the voice of the people's Representa-
tives, upon an agreement made with wander-
ing Indian tribes, to set apart a portion of land
three hundred miles square, within five hun-
dred miles of the city of Chicago, for thirty
years, and with a covenant that no white man
in that time shall enter upon that reservation.
We have heretofore set apart to the Indian
tribes, or taken by this process of plundering,
and wasted millions of dollars entailed upon
the Treasury of the .United States by these
arrangements, under stipulations that required
no act of the House of Representatives, or that
they should first be laid before this body. Aud,
sir, it is now asserted that there is no longer
any need of this body to turn the key of the
Treasury and open its treasures and distribute
them over the land.
Sir, let the House of Representatives, in
these last hours of its session, act calmly and
deliberately, and with a view to the future as
well as to the present. And howsoever they
may act, and whatever conclusion they may
come to, Mr. Speaker, upon this question,
upon that rests the policy of this Government
in the next generation. And that, sir, is all I
have to say upon this question.
Mr. SARGENT. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the patient
attention of the House during the short time
allowed me.
Mr. CULLOM. I think if we are going to
non-concur in the Semite amendments we had
better do so as soon as possible, so as to give
the conference committee time.
| ill'. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
the House of Representatives is now brought
face to face, not merely with any theory of our
rights or the rights of the Senate, but with the
simple practical question, will we have another
session and continue this fight indefinitely, with
the prospect of coming exactly to the point
where we now are, or will we conclude the
matter to-day?
I fully agree with my honorable friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] that the House
ought to surrender none of its rights, none of
its prerogatives. In the few remarks I made
yesterday I called the attention of the House
to the fact that here are treaties. The gentle-
man talks about the propriety of making
treaties with wandering Indian tribes. Well,
sir, I may agree with him that the propriety
of our present arrangements in reference to
Indian affairs is very doubtful; but I would
remind the House that from the beginning of
the Government down to the present day we
have always made treaties with the Indian
tribes, and the continuous construction of the
Constitution, from its adoption to the present
hour, has made it the understanding that the
Government does make treaties with these
Indian tribes, and I wish the understanding
also was that we kept them.
The gentleman from Massachusetts tells us
that it is claimed in the Senate that a treaty
carries its own execution with it, and that
under it the President has a right to use money
without an appropriation. Well, sir, he will
probably agree with me that no considerable
number of Senators hold that view; the Senate
holds no such view ; not more than two or three
Senators hold any such view. This is not fair,
to cite any such sporadic opinion as the view
we are called on to submit to. We are called
on to submit to no such view. An act passed
almost three years ago—in five days from to-day
it will be three j'ears—an act, in the passage ot
which tlie House took part with the Senate,
the President approving it, ordered that treaties
should be made with these tribes, and named
the men who should make them, directing the
character of the treaties that should be made.
T quote from that act, which will be found in
Statutes-at-Large, volume fifteen, page 17, the
following section:
" Beit enactedby the Senate and IToufte of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, authorized to appoint a commission, to
consist of three officers of the Army, not below the
rank of brigadier general, who, together with N. €r.
Taylor, Commissions of Indian Affairs; John B.
Henderson, chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs of the Senate; S. S. Tappan, and John B.
Sanborn, shall have power and authority to call to-
gether thechiefs andheadmen of such bandsor tribes
of Indians as are now waging war against the United
States, or committing depredations upon the people
thereof, to ascertain the alluded reasons for their acts
ot hostility, and in their discretion, under the direc-
tion of the President, to make and conclude with
said bands or tribes such treaty stipulations, subject
to the action of the Senate, as may remove all just
causes of complaint on their part, and at the same
time establish security for person and property along
the lines of railroad now being constructed to the
Pacific and other thoroughfares of travel to the
western Territories, and such as will most likely in-
sure civilization for the Indians and peace and safety
for the whites."
Now, it is proposed the treaties thus made
under our authority shall be spurned aud re-
jected by us. It is with us all a mere question
of punctilio ; we are willing to appropriate the
money, but not to keep the contracts ; we are
willing to appropriate $5,000,000 for somebody
to sow all over the wide West. We might as well
appropriate $300,000,000 and put it in the
hands of the President and authorize him to
run the Government with it as he pleases.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Air. SARGENT. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe.]
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] is mistaken when he says this
is a matter of punctilio with us; it is a matter
of punctilio with the Senate alone. We oifer
them the money; we offer them the means of
doing justice to the Indians, and of preserving
peace with them. We only say to Senators
