1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4695
son that all the advantages which should accrue
to him either under the original patent or
under the extension should accrue to Smith
& Wesson. Now, can the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Patents, [Mr. Jexckes,] who con-
fesses here before the House that he allowed
this bill to pass the House without any thorough
examination of its merits—can he attempt to
make us believe, unsophisticated as we are in
the science of fire-arms, that this great corpor-
ation, under whose direction Rollin White
has acted, so far neglected the great interest
involved iu the extension of this patent as
not to appear with suitable counsel when the
application for its extension came to be heard?
And now let us see what the Commissioner of
Patents says:
" I was not aware that Mr. White had failed to
obtain all the testimony he desired. I do not now
recollect that any complaint was made in that
respect. T he time during which th e application was
pending—about twoyears and a lialf—would seem to
have been sufficient to probate all the needful evi-
dence."
Yet the chairman of the Committee on Patents
com es in and tells us that while it does not appear
that t here was any one opposing the extension of
this patent, not an attorneyappearing, accord-
ing to the statement of the Commissioner of
Patents, somebody, out of pure malice, went,
into the Patent Office and stole certain papers
and models. The Commissioner of Patents ex-
pressly states that he knows of nothing needed
to explain and elucidate fully the points of this
case. Let me suggest to the gentleman that it
may have been a ruse on the part of Smith &
Wesson to have those documents and models
stolen so that by the force of that intimation
they might come before the House and ask for
the passage of this bill.
Why, sir, we are assured upon the very best
authority that but for this patent these pistols
could be sold at live dollars apiece, while
the market price has been from ten to twelve
dollars. This question involves something far
beyond the rights of llollin White ; it involves
the interests of these large arms manufacturing
companies all over the United States. These
companies, knowing that this patent had ex-
pired, not apprehending any contest, knowing
that the Commissioner of Patents had decided
the ease without any opposition, felt justified
in assuming that the policy of the Government
with reference to this patent was fixed. Hence,
they went oil and invested large amounts of
money in the machinery necessary to carry 011
the manufacture of fire-arms iu accordance
with this patent.
As there are other members who desire to
speak 011 this subject, I will not detain the
House further; but I ask members, in the name
of justice, in the name of fair dealing, in behalf
of the rights of the Government as well_ as
of private individuals, to refuse their sanction
to the passage of a bill granting to^a powerful
and wealthy corporation rights suen as will be
granted bv this bill.
Mr. JENCKES. T now yield for five minutes
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hojoi.j
Mr. 110 AE. Mr. Speaker, I have no knowl-
edge in regard to the merits of this bill; but
there is known to me one fact which I^think
ought to lie within the possession of the House
5 before it acts on this question. At the last ses-
* sion of Congress, when this bill was pending in
the other branch, a constituent, of mine, a poor
man, wrote to me that since the rejection of
the application of White by the Commissioner,
he had gone into a business which the renewal
of this patent would destroy, and had invested
all his property in that business. He stated
that he was prepared to show before the proper
committee of the House of_ Representatives
that the grounds on which White has sought
the passage of this bill to authorize a rehearing
were not true. I called upon the chairman 0i
the Committee 011 Patents, [Mr. Jt)xcKi:s.] and
asked him if the committee will give this man
& hearing before they repotted this bill, The
chairman replied that they would. I returned
to my seat; and lest there might be some for-
getfalness about the matter, 1 put in writing,
and carried to the seat of the gentleman from
Rhode Island, a request on the part of this con-
stituent of mine, that he might have a hearing
before the Committee on Patents. I thereupon
wrote to him that he might depend upon such
a bearing, the gentleman from Rhode Island
promising to give me notice when the commit-
tee would hear him.
On the very last day, or the last day but one
of the session, this bill was reported by the
Committee on Patents, I not having heard of
it during the interval. On calling upon the
gentleman from Rhode Island to know why
that engagement had not been kept, he informed
me that there had been a misapprehension on
his part, and that he had not been present at
the meeting of the committee when the hear-
ing took place. Accordingly the bill was acted
on by the Committee on Patents, a bill affect-
ing private rights and destroying the property
of this constituent of mine, without his having,
by a misapprehension, a hearing before the
committee of this House, which he and I had
taken all possible pains to secure. At the
present term of Congress another bill passed.
I called ten days ago on ray friend from Rhode
Island, and asked him to consent to have this
bill recommitted, so as to have_ a rehearing,
which was lost by my constituent 011 account
of some mistake or some misapprehension.
I asked that he should have that rehearing
now which he did not have before. He said
that he could not do that now, but he said that
I might write to the man to come on, and the
Committee on Patents would give him an in-
formal hearing at the present session of the
House. On reflection I found that bill was
expected on every day, then about ten days
ago. I recollected that the Committee 011
Patents had no jurisdiction overthe subject. It
would be idle for them to give a hearing on a bill
upon the Speaker's table not referred to them.
What I say is this : whether this bill ought
to be passed or not, it would be a gross injus-
tice to strike down the entire livelihood of this
poor man, who says that he did not get the
hearing which the committee promised that he
should have. Tne mistake was owing to no
fault of his or of mine.
Mr. JENCKES. It is precisely such a mis-
take as is proposed by the Congress of the
United States may bo rectified in this bill.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman from
Rhode Island agree to have it referred to the
Committee on Patents?
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has stated that he was offered a
hearing before the Committee on Patents, and
that he did not avail himself of the oppor-
tunity. His constituent had an opportunity
which this man never had. If there has been
any mistake or misapprehension by the gen-
tleman I do not recollect it as he has stated it.
The fact that he never had. any hearing before
the committee is true. W lien it came before
the committee it was lound not to be an appli-
cation for an extension, as I thought, but an
application by him, and nothing more, on the
ground that the applicant's testimony had been
stolen. The testimony before the committee
was that it must have been abstracted by some
other person than his representative. The
relief is such as the gentleman says ought to
j be granted. ,
Mr. KELLOGG. i ask the ger-tieman from
Rhode Island tt> yield to me.
Mr. JEXCKES._ I will yield to t:ie gen'^e-
tnan from Connecticut for five minutes.
Mr. KELLOGG. _ Mr. Speaker, I cannot,
of course, iu five minutes give but a lew 01
the reasons why this House, at least, sliouid
hesitate before passing this bill over the^veto
of the President of the United States. I say
now this House is called upon to pass a bill
for the second time which has never been be-
fore the Committee 011 Patents for a hearing.
This House is called upon to give Rollin White
an opportunity to have a new trial before the
Commissioner of Patents without the case
having ever been before the Committee ou
Patents, and without any action on the part
of that or any other committee of this House.
This patent expired the 3d day of April, 1869;
and parties in my district and parties elsewhere
have invested thousands of dollars in machinery
and in buildings for the manufacture of pistols
like those described in this patent. They have
done so in good faith, knowing the patent had
expired and that the Commissioner had refused
an extension. They knew nothing of the mid-
night passage of this act in the closing hours
of the last session in the Senate,or of its being
forced through this House without debate at
four o'clock the last morning of its session;
and when they did hear of it they found it had
failed to become a law.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what sort of a bill is it
they ask for? Not one which will let these
opposing parties come in and be heard. It is
to ''rehear and determine" the application
before filed, and nothing else. The man from
Worcester and the man from the district of my
friend from New York, [Mr. Laflix,] and all
others who have made investments, are not
allowed to appear and bo heard. Now, is it
true that this man, Rollin White, never had a
fair hearing? I have a letter from Commis-
sioner Poote, in which he says this man was
heard for more than two years. He filed an
application for an extension in I860. Evi-
dence was filed against him ; but one after the
other of the opposing parties withdrew, sup-
posing that Allen & Co., of Worcester, were
contesting the claim. Smith & Wesson bought
off Allen & Co. at the last moment, and agreed
to let them come iii and share in the profits of
the monopoly provided they should withdraw.
Commissioner Foote says that Smith & Wesson
madeover onemillion dollars out of this patent,
and this man Rollin White, whose poverty has
been referred to, received, according to his own
sworn testimony, $70,000, as appears by the
files in the Patent Office. The Commissioner
said that was enough, and would not agree to
the extension of the patent. They had this
patent for five years during the war, and five
years during such a war as we had for a patent
like this is equal to more than twenty ordinary
years. If it is claimed that this patent ought to
be extended because it has run only fourteen
years, my answer is that the enormous profits
realized from the manufacture of pistols during
the war by the parties holding this monopoly
were more than enough to justify the Commis-
sioner in refusing to extend the monopoly for
seven years longer. They have had all the frnirs
of this monopoly. And now they ask that the
parties—some five or six, who have gone and in-
vested many thousands of dollars in machinery
and in facilities for making these pistols—shall
have their investments destroyed ; that they
shall not even come in to be heard before the
Commissioner of Patents; that they shall be
kept out, and that by this bill, which is so cun-
ningly drawn for that purpose, the evidence
shall be confined to that which was filed in the
Commissioner's office on the former hearing.
I now ask the Clerk to read the decision of
the Commissioner of Patents in the case of
Polly Hunt and another, administrators, where
the bill was drawn precisely as this one is, with
the substitution of one name for the other.
Gentlemen will see fiom that decision the gross
injustice which will be perpetrated if this bill
should become law. They will see that not
!] one of those parties of whom I have spoken
|! can present evidence or be heard before the
'i Commissioner if this bill passes. Tliisdecision
■ I was rendered by the Acting Commissioner on
ji the 81st of March, 1870.
The Clerk read as follows :
■' "On the day appointed for hearing this <?s=r> the
il remonstrants moved 1'or an order for taking further
•' ie^amonv, which was denied. & careful con-
^deration of Lhe aafc under whicn thw proceeding 13
il held it seems not to authorize the reception ui any
