552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 1$,
adopted, provided these additional proposi-
tions are ingrafted upon it. Nevertheless, I
have some preference for my own bill as a
whole, for reasons which I will state; and I
shall take the liberty of submitting it as a whole
to the vote of the House, proposing it as a sub-
stitute for the pending measure. I omit from
present consideration those provisions of my
own bill which are not found in the others,
and to which, I understand, no objection is
made by any gentleman who is in favor of the
others.
■ 11 come to that section of the bill which pro-
vides for the duty to be discharged by the Su-
perintendent of the Census. In section two
of the bill submitted by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. JxjddJ it is provided that the
Superintendent of the Census shall prepare for
submission to the Secretary of the Interior, on
or before the 15th of August next, a report,
embracing statistics of the population of the
United States, by States or Territories and
counties or parishes, sufficiently full for the
equalization of representation of the several
States in Congress.
On the other hand, in my own bill I precisely
indicate what shall be contained iti that report.
1 provide that the Superintendent of the Census
shall prepare and submit to the Secretary of
the Interior a preliminary report of the results
of such enumeration, showing, first, the whole
number of persons in each State, Territory,
county, and parish of the United States, ex-
'eluding Indians not taxed; second, the num-
ber of male citizens twenty-one years of age
in each State, Territory, county, and parish ;
and third, the number of male inhabitants of
each State, Territory, county, and parish being
twenty-one years of age and citizens of the
United States to whom the right to vote at any
election for the choice of electors for President
and Vice President of the United States, Rep-
resentatives in Congress, the executive and
judicial officers of a State, or the members of
the Legislatures thereof is denied or in any
way abridged, except for participation in the
rebellion or other crime.
I thus^precisely indicate the duties imposed
upon the Superintendent in the preparation of
the preliminary report, and for this reason: it
is said here upon this floor, and for the best
reason in the world, that we ought not to del-
egate either to the Superintendent of the Census
or to the Secretary of the Interior the power to
make this apportionment. Gentlemen say that
the Constitution imposes upon Congress the
duty of making this apportionment, and they
complain of this measure that we propose to
transfer that duty to a single man. I admit
the truth of the proposition, that the apportion-
ment of representation is to be the work of
Congress. I believe it to be our duty to do that
work. 1 believe it falls within our province
altogether, and I propose by my bill to make
the details so clear and unmistakable that no
man can justly say that we put into the hands
of the Secretary of the Interior anything more
than the duty of an officer to execute our law.
I indicate precisely what the Superintendent
of the Census shall include in his preliminary
report 1 give him, and I think we ought to
give him, no discretion to decide what shall
and what shall not be sufficient to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to ascertain how
many Representatives each State will be en-
titled to under the new census. I believe we
should indicate to him the precise steps he
should lake in making that preliminary report,
and accordingly, instead of saying to him that
he shall furnish a report which shall be suffi-
cient to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
ascertain what the number shall be, I expressly
require him to report to the Secretary of the
Interior, in the first place, the tables showing
the whole number of persons in the United
States, and in the second place, the whole num-
ber of male citizens twenty-one years of age
in each State, and then in tho third place the
whole number of male citizens in each of the
States to whom the right to vote is denied^ or
abridged for other reasons than participation
in the rebellion or other crime.
I compel him to put into the hands of the
Secretary of the Interior the elements upon
which the Secretary is to make a simple arith-
metical calculation ; and by a further provision
of the bill, to be found in the next section, I
compel the Secretary of the Interior to mako
the requisite arithmetical computation. I leave
in his hands no other duty, no other power
except to take the tables furnished by the
Superintendent of tho Census and from those
tables ascertain the number of Representatives
to which the several States shall be entitled
under the noxt census. I do not give him any
element of power to apportion these Represent-
atives. I require the Superintendent of the
Census to furnish in tabular form the statistics
supplied to him by the district superintendents,
and by the bill I provide that the Secretary of
the Interior shall form these tables, by simple
arithmetical computations, ascertain the num-
ber of Representatives to which the several
States shall be entitled.
By a further provision I require him on a
certain day to send a statement of his pro-
ceedings under this act not only to the Speaker
of this House, but also to the Governors of
the several States. There is a provision in a
subsequent section for the States of Georgia,
Texas, Mississippi, and Virginia. Those States
have not yet been admitted to representation
in Congress, but the bill proposes that their
basis of representation shall be included in
the aggregato basis of representation of the
United States lo make up the three hundred
or the two hundred and seventy-five members,
and that tho Secretary of the Interior shall
send his statement of tho results of his com-
putations under this act to tho Governors of
those States, when they shall been respectively
admitted.
There is also a provision in this bill that if
the fifteenth amendment shall have been ratified
before the time therein indicated there shall be
no reduction of the basis of representation in
the United States at large, or in any particular
State, on account of any previous denial or
abridgement of rights secured by that amend-
ment. _ And I have made, I may say here, all
my estimates upon the theory that the fifteenth
amendment shall have been adopted before
this bill shall take effect.
There is one feature of this bill to which I
would now like to call the attention of the
House. It is provided that in caic of rejected
fractions, which of course will occur in every
State, the Representatives that are not distrib-
uted upon the first division by the district basis
shall be given to those States which shall have
tho largest rejected fractions, one to each State,
until the number shall become three hundred
or two hundred and seventy-five, as the case
may be. My friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] proposes an amendment which I will
now explain, and upon which I shall ask a vote
of the House. He suggests that iustead of
giving these Representatives to the States hav-
ing the largest rejected fractions they shall be
given to those States in which the rejected
fractions shall be the largest in proportion to
the basis of representation in those States
respectively.
Take, for example, the State of Rhode Island.
Suppose that Rhode feland should have a re-
jected fraction of, say, sixty thousand people;
suppose again that New York should have a
rejected fraction of seventy thousand; then,
according to the bill, New York would be
entitled to precedence over Rhode Island in
the distribution of these Representatives ; but
under the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts a different rule would obtain.
Suppose the rule of the bill should be enforced.
Then if the Stale of New York, which I have
supposed to have a rejected fraction of seventy
thousand, shall have thirty-five Representatives
there will be only two additional
population. That is to say, the basis of repre-
sentation if you put the whole number of Repre-
sentatives at three hundred members, instead
of being one hundred and twenty-two thousand
in the State of New York will be one hundred
and twenty-four thousand. But if the State
of Rhode Island shall have one Representative
only, when she has a rejected fraction of sixty
thousand, then her district basis of representa-
tion instead if being one hundred and twenty-
two thousand will beone hundred and eightj^t wo
thousand.
Thegentleman says then, with very great show
of reason, that it is more proper that New York
shall have a basis of one hundred and twenty-
two thousand for each Representative than that
Rhode Island shall be compelled to have a
basis of one hundred and eighty-two thousand
for a single Representative. He proposes,
therefore, to give these additional Represent-
atives to those States whose rejeistedrfractions
shall bear the largest proportion to the basis
of representation in the State itself. Now, there
can be but a single objection to this, and the
objection is that these small States, which will
get these additonal Representatives as the re-
sult of this rule, have already excessive power
in the other branch of the Legislature.
I will leg,ve it to members of the House to
consider the weight that should be given to
that. I believe it will prevent some from voting
for this proposition. It is certainly not with-
out weight as an objection to the measure pro-
posed. But I will frankly say that but for that
fact, that the small States now have excessive
representation in the Seriate of the United
States, I should be able to see no good reason
for voting against the amendment which the
gentleman is about to offer.
By my own bill it is provided that if there
shall beadditional Representatives in anyState,
as there will be in many of them, these addi-
tional Representatives shall be elected by the
States at large, unless the Legislatures shall
otherwise provide. I for one am not tena-
cious in regard to this provisioned the bill. I
am willing it should provide absolutely that
the additional Representatives shall be chosen
by the people at large, or that it shall be left
to the several Legislatures in their discretion
to decide whether the States shall be redis-
tricted so that the Representatives shall be
chosen severally by the people. I should, how-
ever, be unwilling to strike out the entire pro-
vision so as to compel the Legislatures to
provide for redistricting their States.
Now, sir, this provision will not work hard-
ships in any political aspect of the case upon
the people of the United States, for while in
some States one party will gain by it, in otters
the other party will gain ; and, on the whole,
if I were to attempt to strike a balance, so far
as political advantage is concerned the at-
tempt would be a failure.
But, sir, one feature of this bill is objected
to as unconstitutional. It is said that the clause
which provides that no State shall lose in any
event any of its representation upon this floor
is in violation of that provision of the Consti-
tution of the United States which requires
Representatives to be apportioned according
to population. I will be frank about this,
too, and will say to the House that when I
prepared that clause of the bill I had for a
moment lost sight of the bearing of that pro-
vision of the Constitution upon this legislation.
I am not sure that the objection on this ground
is absolutely well founded, but I can certainly
see enough in this point for the foundation of
a plausible argument against the bill.
Mr. Speaker, I do not come from a section
of the country that can by any possibility have
any positive interest in this feature of the bill,
and I am surprised to find that the objection
to it comes from those who are to be benefited,
if any are to be benefited by this provision of
the bill. If they find that they are unable to
vote for this bill because it contains this fea-
ture, if they avail themselves of this ptov||«
