3752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
the act entitled "Ail act to provide for appeals from
the Court of Claims, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 25,1868, shall be made by proof of the
matters required by said sections respectively, irre-
spective of the fact of any executive proclamation,
pardon, amnesty, or other act of condonation or obli-
vion ; and in all cases where judgment shall have been
heretofore rendered in the Court of Claims in favor
of any claimant on any other proof of loyalty than
?«eh as is above required and provided, and which is
hereby declared to nave been and to be the truo in-
tent and meaning of said respective acts, the Su-
preme Court shall on appeal reverse such judgment:
And provided further. That whenever any pardon
shall have heretofore been granted by tho President
of the United States to any person bringing suit in
the Court of Claims for the proceeds of abandoned
or captured property under the said act approved
March 12,1863, and the acts amendatory of the same,
and such pardon shall recite in substance that such :
person took part in the late rebellion against the
Government of the United States, or was guilty of
any act of rebellion against or disloyalty to the Uni-
ted States, and such pardon shall have been accepted
in writing by the person to whom the same issued,
without an express disclaimer and protestation
against such fact of gnilt contained in such accept-
ance. such pardon and acceptance shall be taken
and deemed, in such suit in the Court of Claims and
on appeal therefrom, conclusive evidenee that such
person did take part in and give aid and comfort to
the late rebellion and did not maintain true atle-
gi anoe to or consistently adhere to the Un i ted States;
and on proof of such pardon and acceptance, which
proof may be hoard summarily on motion or other-
wise, it shall be the duty of the said Court of Claims
forthwith to dismiss the suit of such claimant.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, of course it
is necessary that some explanation should be :
given of the offering of this amendment and
of its character. It will be remembered by
every Senator that loyalty to the Government
of the United States has been established by
law M a condition-precedent to any right to
prosecute a suit in the Court of Claims against
the United States. In order to bring them
directly before the Senate, I will read the sev-
eral provisions of law on this subject which
have been adopted by Congress. The first one
is the twelfth section of the act of March 8, ;
1863, referred to in this amendment, which
reads as follows:
' " 8kc. 12. And be it further enacted. That any peti-
tion filed under this act shall be verified by the affi-
davit of the claimant, his agent, or attorney, stating
that no assignment of transfer of said claim, or any
part thereof or any interest therein, has beettmade..
except as in said petition stated; that'said claimant
is justly entitled to the amount therein claimed
from the United States, after allowing all j ast credits
and offsets; and that he believes the facts as stated
in said .petition are true: Provided, how/ever, That
in order to authorize the said court to render a judg-
ment in favor of any claimant, if a citizen of the
United States, it shall be set forth hi the petition
that the claimant and the original and every prior
owner thereof, where the claim has been assigned,
has at all times borne true allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States, and, whether a citizen
ornot. thatho has not in anyway voluntarily aided,
abetted, or given encouragement to rebellion against
the said Government, which allegations may be trav-
ersed by the Government, and if on the trial such
issue shall be decided against the claimant his peti-
tion shall be dismissed. '
Again, in the act of March 12,1863, referred
to in this amendment, the third section is in
.the following words:
" Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may require the special agents
appointed under this act to give a bond, with such
securities and in such amount as he shall deem
necessary, and to require theincrease ofsaid amounts,
and the stj-engthenibg of said security, as circum-
stances maydemand; and he shall also cause a book
or books of account to be kept, showing from whom
such property was received, the coattif transporta-
tion, and proceeds of the sale thereof. And any
person claiming to have been the owner of any such
abandoned or captured property may, at any time
within two years after the suppression of the rebel-
lion, prefer liis claim to the proceeds thereof in the
Court of Claims; and on proof to the satisfaction of
said court of his ownership of Said property, of his
Ttght to the proeeeds thereof, and that he has never
given any aid or comfort to the present rebellion, to
recoive the residueof such proceeds, afterthededuc-
. tion of any purchase-money which may have been
paid, together with the expense of transportation
and sale of said property, and any other lawful
expenses attending the disposition thereof.".
Again, in the act of June 25, 1868, referred
to in my amendment, is this section, explana-
tory of these preceding requirements:
".That whenever it shall be material in any suit or
claim before any court to ascertain wheth er any per-
B2?'i did or did not give any aid or comfort to the late
wbellion, tho claimant or party asserting the loyalty
of any such person to the United States during such
rebellion shall be required to prove affirmatively
that suoh person did, during said rebellion, consist-
ently adhere to the United States, and did give no
aid or comfort to persons engaged in said rebellion;
and the voluntary residence of any such person in
any place where, at any time during such residence,
the rebel force or organization held sway, shall be
prima facie evidence that suoh person did give aid
and comfort to said rebellion and to the persons
engaged therein."
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator from Mis-
souri will yield a moment, I desire to give
notice to the Senate that I will present a report
of the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses upon the bill to
enforce the fifteenth amendment before the
Senate adjourns, and I expect to have it acted
upon to-night. I wish to have that understood.
On the day after to-morrow there is to be an
election in Virginia; and facts have come to
my knowledge which it seems to me make it
very important that this bill should become a
law to-morrow; and consequently we shall
have to get it through the Senate to-night. It
will take very little time, I think, to dispose of
it. I do not propose to press it now as against
this appropriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. .Our evening session is
to-morrow under the rule of the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. But the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations proposes to go
on to-day until this bill is disposed of, without
any recess. I simply want it understood that
at the proper time, when the appropriation bill
is concluded, or whenever the Senate think it
best, I shall present the report of the commit-
tee of conference, and ask to have it acted
ypon.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator
that nothing could be more important than his
report; ana I think we had better go on with
that report.
Mr. STEWART. It is a privileged report,
but I do not feel like antagonizing the Senator
from Maine any further than I have already
done on this matter; but I want to have it
understood that the fifteenth amendment bill
must be passed to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. I woold go right on with
—■
Mr. DRAKE. I presume that I have been
silent longenough forthe Senator from Nevada
to signify what be wants to have done here-
after. The conference committee report will
not be taken tip just yet.
[A violent ruin storm interrupted the pro-
ceedings for several minutes, the pattering upon
the glass roof rendering it impossible for any
voice to be beard.]
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
take a recess for fifteen minutes.
Several Senators. Oh> no.
Mr. POMEROY. It is impossible to do busi-
ness while this storm lasts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas moves that the Senate take a
recess for fifteen minutes.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 19, noes 24.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to pass over the
pending bill, for the purpose of taking up the
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. DRAKE. I will inquire of the Chair
whether, when we return to the appropriation
bill, we return to the amendment I have offered
as the pending question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly;
and the Senator from, Missouri will be entitled
to the floor upon it,
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I rise
to a question of order. The Senator from
Missouri is on the floor, and it is not compe-
tent while he is on the floor for the Senator
from Kansas to make the motion which he has
made.
l'he PRESIDING .OFFICER. It is, under
the new rule. This motion has the privileges
of a question of order, and Can be made even
when a Senator is speaking, the floor being I
taken from him for that purpose.
Mr. WARNER. I inquire of the Chair what I
committee of conference report it is propositi
to take up?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands it to be a report proposed to lie
submitted by the Senator from Nevad.i on the
bill to enforce the fifteenth amendment. The
motion is that the Senate pass over the appro-
priation bill with a view to enable that report
to be submitted.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, called for
j the yeas and nays, and they were ordered ; and
i being taken, resulted—yeas 37, nays (d; as
j follows:
' YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Boremnn, Bucking-
i ham. Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Drake. lid-
munds, FJanagan, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, llowo,
Howell, Kellogg, McDonald, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rico, P^oss, Sawyer,
Scott, Spencer. Sprague, Stewart, Sunnier. Thayer.
Trumbull, AVilley, Williams, and Yates—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Davis, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Johnston, Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Ver-
mont, Saulsbury, Stockton, and Vickers—y.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Brownlow, Car-
penter, Casserly. Cattell. C'onkiing, Cragin, Fenton,
Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Howard,
Lewis, McCreery, Norton, Patterson, Revels. Rob-
ertson, Schurz. Sherman, Thurm.m, Tipton, Warner,
and Wilson—26.
So the motion to pass over the appropriation
bill was agreed to.
ENFORCEMENT OF FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
Mr. STEWART. I send -to the Chair the
report of the committee of conference upon the
disagreeing vote of the two Houses on House
bill No. 1293.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move that the report
be laid on the table and printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; let it be read now.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read at least.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
will first be read, and then the motion of the
Senator from New Jersey will be in order.
The Chief Clerk read the report of the com-
mittee of conference, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R.No. 1293)to enforce the right
of citizens of the United States to vote in the several
States of this Union, who have hitherto been denied
that right on aceount of race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend to their respective Houses, ap follows:
Tbat the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendments:
Section three, line nineteen after the word " shall"
insert the word "wrongfully;" in line nineteen
strike out the word " knowingly."
Section eleven, line twenty-two, strike out the
words " by indictment and," and in lieu thereof
insert the word " on."
Section thirteen, strike out all of the section after
the word" be" in line four, and in lieu thereof insert
necessary to aid in the execution of judicial pro-
cess issued under this act."
Section sixteen, line fourteen, strike out "emi-
grating," and in lieu thereof insert "immigrating;"
line sixteen, strike out "emigrating," and in lien
thereof insert "immigrating."
Section nineteen, line thirty-nine, strike out " in-
dictment," and in lieu thereof insert "prosecution."
Section twenty, line thirty, strike out "indict-
ment," and in lieu thereof insert " prosecution."
Section twenty, at the end of the section add the
following proviso :
Provided, That every registration made under
the law* of any btate or Territory, for any State or
other election at which such Representative or Del-
egate in Congress shall bo chosen, shall be deemed
to bo a registration within the meaning of this act,
notwithstanding the same shall also be made lor the
purposes of any State, territorial,or municipal elec-
tion.
Insert the following, to come in as scction twenty-
one:
Sec. 21. And be it further enaeted, Tbat whenever
by the laws of any State or Territory tho name of
any candidate or person to be voted for as Repre-
sentative or Delegate in Congress shall be required
to be printed, written, or con ained in any ticket or
ballot with other candidates or persons to be voted
tor at the same election for State, territorial, muni-
cipal, or local officers, it shall be sufficient vrima
jacie evidence, either for the purposo of indicting
or convicting any person charged with voting or
attempting or offering to vote unlawfully under the
provisions of the preceding sections, or for commit-
ting either of the offenses thereby created, to prove
that the person charged or indicted voted, or at-
tempted or offered to vote, such ballot or ticket, or
commuted either of the offenses named in the pre-
ceding sections of this act with reference to fcuch
ballot. And the proof and establishment of such
lact shall be taken, held, and deemed to be pre-
sumptive evidence that such person voted, or at-
