1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1865
Mr. MORTON. I thiuk the Senator will
see that the rest of tho section will be necessary
and proper. Ii' you strike out the twelfth line,
the concluding part of the section will be harm-
less
Mr. HOW E, I do not understand how you
take the teeth out of it in that way.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me inquire of tho Sen-
ator whether the thirteenth line is not also ap-
plicable to Uuited States notes? It says " or
may bo exchanged at not less than par for any
of the obligations of the United States." It
does not say interest-bearing obligations, but
auyof the obligations. Our legal tenders would
come under that head.
Mr. HOWE. Precisely.
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly; and it is so
designed. The words are very clear, and it is
put in as few words as possible. The bonds
may be sold for United States currency, or the
United States notes may be exchanged and
converted into bonds. The question is clearly
presented.
Mr. MORTON. I will change my amend-
ment so aa to strike out from the beginning of
the twelfth line down to and including the
word "bonds'' in the fifteenth line.
Mr. HOW E. Why not strike out the whole
of the section after that?.
Mr. MORTON. Because the rest of the
section allows the Secretary the privilege of
extending the four per cent, loan beyond
$400,000,000; but striking out this part will
prevent him from funding the United States
notes. I think it is right to leave the balance as
a matter of discretion, extending the four per
cent, loan beyond the $400,000,000 if he can
do it.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. 1 want to get at this ques-
tion fairly, and I suggest to the Senator from
Indiana that his motion be to strike out the
words " or, at the discretion of the Secretary,
for United States notes," and then to insert
"interest-bearing" in the proper place ; so as
to read: "or may be exchanged at not less
than par for any of the interest-bearing obli-
gations of the United States."
Mr. MORTON. That will present it. I
accept that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, that will present the
question fairly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Wisconsin withdraws his amendment tem-
porarily, the Chair will put the question on the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana moves to strike out the twelfth line of
section three, and also to insert in the thir-
teenth line the words'' interest- bearing'' before
the word "obligations so as to read:
Such bonds may be disposed of, either in the
United States or elsewhere, at notless than their par
Tflue, for coin, or may be exchanged at not less than
par for any of tho interest-bearing obligations of the
United States outstanding at the date of the issue
of such bondat
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, we are now
brought face to face with the question that
has been before the coantry for a good while
of contracting the currency. There are two
questions in connection with the legal-tender
notes: first, the funding of the notes without
issuing an equal amount of national bank
notes. This is contraction pure and simple.
There is then another question in connection
with the legal-tender notes, and that is to
fand them and to issue an equal amount of j
national bank notes; or, in other words, to ;
substitute national bank notes for them. It is
the first question, however, that is presented
in this section—retiring the legal-tender notes ,
by funding them into a bond without issuing
an equal amount of national bank notes, and :
thus providing for the contraction of the cur- J
rency. 1
Now, I want to say that I am opposed to
this policy of contraction, and I have been.
Are we not coming to specie payments fast
enongh ? Is not the problem now being solved
that we can bring the whole body of the cur-
rency to par without contracting the volume
of the currency ? Within fifteen months the
premium on gold has gone down from thirty-
I live to eleven per cent, without contracting
! tho volume of the currency. May it not go
down the other eleven per cent, without con-
traction ?
I know the opinion has been entertained
that we cannot come to specie payments with-
out contraction. We have had a school of
' financiers who have argued from the condition
of the currency before the war in regard to its
condition now. Why, sir, you might as well
talk about restoring slavery, as talk about
bringing us back to the condition of the cur-
rency before the war—I mean in point of vol-
ume. You might as well talk as our Demo-
cratic friends talk about "the Union as it was,"
as to argue in regard to what the volume of
currency should be now by what it was before
the war. Sir, events are solving the problem
that we can bring the whole body of the cur-
rency to par without contracting the volume ;
and that of itself proves that we have not too
much currency.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to ask a question of
the Senator from Indiana, whether he believes
we can resume and maintain specie payments
upon the present volume of currency ? If the
; Senator shall reply to this inquiry I desire to
j put another: what amount of specie will it
! require to maintain that condition ?
1 Mr. MORTON. I shall not undertake to
: go into a calculation of the amount of gold
j there is in the country, or the amount of gold
. that will be required to maintain specie pay-
ments. Contrary to argument, and I might
say contrary to anticipation, it is now evident
i that the currency is approaching a par without
reducing its volume, gold having, as I said,
i gone down in fifteen months from 135 to 111,
| and there is no reason why it should not go
i down the other 11. I do not believe that it is
j necessary to reduce the volume of paper cur-
rency at any time.
Mr. FENTON. I hardly think my friend
from Indiana understands my inquiry; or if so,
he has not seen fit to answer it. My point is
involved in this explanation: that prior to the
war, the period to whioh the Senator refers,
the whole volant* «i the currency, paper and
specie, did not exceed $400,000,000. In the
speech of the Senator from Indiana a few days
ago he stated the aggregate sum at $450,000,-
000. T^e present volume of paper currency,
including the three per cent, certificates and
the fractional currency, cannot be less than
$725,000,000. Now, upon the same relations,
with the same comparative amounts of cur-
rency—gold and silver on the one han^and
paper on the other—as existed prior to the war,
there should be to-day, in order to enable us
to resume and maintain specie payments, an
aggregate volume of ten hundred and fifty or
eleven hundred million dollars. Now, I ask
the Senator whether he believes that the pres-
ent needs of the country demand this volume
of currency: and can we obtain the requisite
amount of specie to resume and maintain specie
payments upon this volume of currency, or
upon the present volume of paper currency ?
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I cannot
answer the Senator's question in full without
protracting my remarks beyond what I think
would be proper for me to do now. I have on
several other occasions discussed these ques-
tions. I would say to the Senator that when
our currency has come to par we can then
retire a portion of the paper currency without
contracting the entire volume; because gold
and silver will then become a part of the cur-
rency, and will take the place of paper; but
until the currency has come to par, so that gold
and silver will take the place of the_ paper that
is retired, any contraction this side of that
would be premature, and I believe would be of
great injury to the country.
Mr. FENTON. The difficulty is that we
cannot reach that period when the currency
will be at par; or if we do we are in no situa-
tion to maintain the specie condition. That is
precisely the difficulty. Gold may be to-day at
a premium of only eleven per cent., but you
have no assurance that it will not be to-morrow
fifteen per cent, and next month twenty per
cent., unless the same conditions continue
I which have to-day produced the reduction to
eleven per cent. We can hardly expect that
this favorable opportunity for paying our bal-
ances abroad by the export of cotton and the
shipment of our bonds, instead of shipping the
specie abroad, will continue for any great length
ot time; and unless the same state of things
shall continue, the Senator from Indiana and
no other person will be able to point out a way
by which we shall steadily approach a specie
condition with the present volume of paper
money.
Mr. MORTON. Upon the aspect of the case
presented by the Senator from New York he
and I would differ. I have steadily argued
that the greenbacks, instead of being an obsta-
cle to resumption, are the great instrument of
resumption, and that the contraction of the
greenbacks this side of resumption, so far from
contributing to bring about that result, would
in point of fact retard it, and that the green-
backs should not be retired, if then, until they
have been brought to par.
Now, Mr. President, the whole country is
averse to this policy of contraction. It seems
to me that the healthy business sentiment of
the country all through the middle and western
and southern States is averse to contraction.
I know that there is a different sentiment in
the monetary centers of the East, in the cred-
itor cities and -in the creditor States. Their
interest is somewhat different in that respect
from that of other portions of the Union; but
I think I am entirely within the bounds of truth
when I say that the healthy business sentiment
of the whole country is averse to the policy of
contraction, and that if this bill provides for
contraction it will be odious from the begin-
ning.
Mr. CORBETT. I suggest to the Senator
from Indiana that I notice it is left in the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
he cannot contract unless be has a surplus of
revenue. If the receipts from taxes should
be greater than the amount necessary for the
ordinary uses of the Government, perhaps he
might contract to a small extent, but not to a
very large extent under this bill, as it seems to
me, because in the last section, section ten, the
establishment of banks is provided for without
regard to the amount of paper currency now ;
so that there maybe a much larger amount of
currency issued under the banking sysjofp than
would be contracted by the Secretaryof the
Treasury. He cannot posajjaly contract more
than the amount of his rgpeDue over and above
the annual expeMSfithe Government.
Mr. MORTQll. The Senator from Oregon
I think is Entirely mistaken. There is no limit
to th% contraction here at all.
Mr. HOWE. Not a bit.
Mr. MORTON. It has nothing to do with
taxes or revenue.
Mr. CORBETT. I will call attention 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana yield?
Mr. MORTON. I would prefer to go on.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senator to allow
me to call his attention to the proviso.
Mr. MORTON. I was going to speak of
that.
Mr. CORBETT. That provides that the
debt shall not be increased.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly that provides
that the debt shall not be increased, and that is
equivalent to a provision that the greenbacks
received in exchange for these bonds shall
not be used in the ordinary expenses of the
Government, and has no connection with taxa-
tion or revenue. If you use the greenbacks
received in exchange for these bonds to meet
