1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3753
tempted or offered to rote, for took Representative
or Delegate, as the case may be. or that suoh offense
was committed with reforence to tho election of such
Representative or Delegate, and shall be sufficient
to warrant his conviction, unless it shall be shown
that uny such ballot when cast, or attempted or
offered to be cast, by him did not contain the name
ol nny candidate for tho office of Representative or
Delegate in the Congress of the United States, or
that such offense was not committed with reference
to tho election of such Representative or Delegate.
Insert the following, to come in as section twenty-
two:
Sue. 22. And be it further enncted, That any officer
of auy election at which any Representative or Del-
egate in the Congress of the United States shall be
voted for, whether such officer of election be ap-
pointed or created by or under any law or authority
of the United States, or by or under any Stato, ter-
ritorial, district, or munioipal law or authority, who
shnll neglect or refuse to perform anyduty in regard
to such election required of him by any law of the
United States, or of any State or Territory thereof,
or violate anyduty so imposed, or knowingly do any
act thereby unauthorized, with intent to affeot any
such election or the result thereof; or fraudulently
make any false certificate of the result of such eleo-
tion in regard to such Representative or Delegate;
or withhold,conceal, or destroy any certificate or ree-
ordso required by law respecting, concerning, or per-
taining to the election of any such Representative or
Delegate; or neglect or refuse to make and return
tho sumo as so required by law; or aid, counsel, pro-
cure, or advise any voter, person, or officer to do any
act by this or auy of the preceding sections made a
crime; or to omit to do any duty the omission of
wbich is by this or any of said sections made acrime,
or attempt to do so, shall be deemed guilty of acrime,
and shall be liable to proseoution and punishment
therefor, as provided in the nineteenth section of
this act for persons guilty of any of the crimes therein
specified.
Strike out all of tho twenty-first section, and in
lieu thereof insert the following, to come in as sec-
tion twenty-three:
And 0* it further enacted. That whenever any person
shall be defeated or deprived of his election to any
office, except elector of President or Vice President,
Representative or Delegate in Congress, or member
of a State Legislature, by reason of the denial toany
citizen or citizens who shall offer to vote of the right
to vote on account of race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude, his right to hold and enjoy such
office and the emoluments thereof shall not be im-
paired by such denial; and such person may bring
any appropriate suit or proceeding to recover pos-
session of such office; and in cases where it shall
appear that the sole question touching the title to
such office arises out of the denial of tho right to
vote to citizens who so offered to vote, on account.of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude, such
suit or proceeding maybe instituted in thecircuitor
district court of the United States of thecircuitor
district in which such person resides; and said cir-
cuit or district coart shall have, concurrently with
the State court*, jurisdiction thereof so far as to
determine the rights of the parties to suQtKoffice by
reason of the denial of the right guarantied 'by the
fifteenth article of amendments to the Constitution
of the United States and secured by this act.
And that the Senate agree to the same.
' That the House agree to the Senate amendment
to the title of the bill.
WILLIAM M. STEWART,
GEO. F. EDMUNDS.
Manager* on the part of the senate,
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
NOAtf DAVIS,
Manager  on the part of th* Some,
Mr. STEWART. I will explain in a few
moments the character of these amendments,
if the Secretary will send tire back the report.
Mr. BAYARD. I would ask whether the
honorable Senator proposes to debate this
matter in its present shape ?
Mr. STEWART. I propose to explain to
tbe Senate the report.
Mr. BAYARD. What is the effect, then,
of the motion of my friend from New Jersey,
that this report be laid on the table and
printed?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatmotion
will be in order whenever the Senator from
Nevada yields tbe floor.
Mr. STOCKTON. That motion was made,
and withdrawn simply to permit the report to
be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
could not be made while the report was read-
ing. The Senator from Nevada made tbe
report and desired to have it read. He re-
tained the floor while the report was reading,
and it could not be taken from him by the
motion to lay on the table.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to know
when the Senator has finished his explana-
tion, in order to make the motion i have
indicated.
Mr. STEWART. I will proceed to explain
the points of this report. The House substan-
tially adopt our bill with some slight modifica-
tions.
In section three of the Senate bill the word
"wrongfully" is introduced after the word
"shall." As it now reads, in line seventeen,
it is " who shall refuse or wrongfully omit to
receive and count votes," &c. As amended,
it reads " who shall wrongfully refuse or omit."
In section eleven the word "indictment" is
stricken out and the word "on" inserted. I
will explain the object of this. In the eighth |
; section there is a general provision that where !
| the offense is infamous it must be prosecuted
by indictment, and where it is not infamoas it
may be either by indictment or information, i
! In some of the sections we have stricken oat j
! "indictment" and put in prosecution"
simply to harmonize the bill. It will be gov- 1
crned by the provisions of the eighth section,
which declares that where the crime is in- j
famous it must be prosecuted by indictment, I
according to the Constitution, and when not
infamous it may be bj information or indict-
ment, as the prosecution may elect to pursue.
These changes are only to make the bill har- 1
monions in that regard, not intending to change
its effect. j
In section thirteen there is an amendment !
of some little importance, although it makes !
j it just what the Judiciary Committee intended i
i it originally should be. Section thirteen reads !
, as follows: '
That it shall be lawful fbr the President of the
i United States to employ such part of the land or
naval forces of the United States, or of the militia,
■ as shall be deemed necessary to prevent the violation ,
I! and cnforce the due execution of this act. :
i; The conference committee recommend the1
i! striking out of all this section after the word |
i "be" in the fourth line and inserting "neces- j
i i so.ry to aid in the execution of judicial process.
|j issued underthis act;" so that the section will j
I read, when amended; I
|! ' I
, I That it shall be lawful for tbe President of the i
II United States to employ such part of the land ot \
naval forces of the United States, or of tbe militia, i
a£ shall begiecessary to aid in the execution of judi- j
cial process issued under this act,
Mr. SAULSBUItY. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator a question. He speaks ef the thirteenth
section. In the bill which he reported from
the Judiciary Committee there were but twelve,
sections. I want to ask bim whether section
twelve now stands in the bill?
Mr. STEWART. The section I just read is
section twelve, as originally printed.
.ULSBURY. It reads:
. Mr. SAt
That it shall he lawful for the President of the
United States to employ suoh part of the land or
naval forces of the United States, or of tbe militia,
as shall be deemed necessary to prevent the viola-
tion and enforoe the due execution of this aot.
Is that in the bill now ? -
Mr. STEWART. The section stands as I
have just read it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. That is section twelve,
as reported.
Mr. STEWART. It was not passed as re-
ported. As reported it authorized tbe Presi-
dent, or such person as he might appoint, to use
the land and naval forces. That was stricken
out in the Senate, so that it now reads, as pro-
posed to be amended by this report:
That it shall be lawfal for the President of the
United States to employ suoh part of the land, or
naval forces of the United States, or of the militia,
as shall be necessary to aid in the execution of judi-
cial process issued under this aot.
Then in section Bixteen the word " emigrat-
ing, " where it occurs twicq, in that section, is
stricken out, and "immigrating" inserted,
which is a mere verbal correction.
Then in section nineteen we strike out "in-
dictment" and insert" prosecution." That is
for the purpose of accomplishing the same
purpose 1 have already explained, to make the
bill uniform.
In section twenty the same change again
occurs. At the end of scction twenty we in-
sert a proviso. That seetion relates to regis-
tration. I will explain that this and the fol-
lowing sections have reference to the evidence
to be used for the enforcement of the amend-
ment that was first proposed by the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] and subsequently
modified by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hamlin. }
It was suggested that the registration men-
tioned in the last sections of the Senate bit)
and the provisions included in those sections
against fraudulent voting, repeating, &c., only
related to the election of members of Congress ;
whereas at the same election State officers
were in some States elected. They are voted
for on one ticket, and men are registered for
the purpose of voting not only for members of
Congress, but for State officers. This proviso
is intended to simplify the evidence. If a
person registers in order to vote at a general
election where a member of Congress is to be
chosen, the provision is that it shall be regarded
as a violation of the act, if he fraudulently regis-
ters, although other persons are to be elected
besides members of Congress. The proviso is:
Provided, That every registration made under the
laws of any State or Territory for any State or other
election, at which such Representative or Delegate
in Congress shall be chosen, shall be deemed a regis-
tration within the meaning of this act, notwithstand-
ing the same shall also be made for the purpose of
any State, territorial, or municipal electoin.
Sections twenty and twenty-one also apply
to that matter of evidence. For instance, if
a person goes to the polls and fraudulently
votes or offers to vote a whole ticket the bur-
den of proof shall not be on the Government
to prov^ that in that ticket the name of a
member of Congress was contained; but if
be votes or offers to vote fraudulently at an
election where tickets with the names of mem-
bers of Congress are being received, it shall be
presumed that he voted for member of Con-
gress; and it is incumbent on him then to prove
that his ticket did not have the name of a mem-
ber of Congress on it. It is a mere regulation
of the matter of evidence. That is all there is
of these sections. It is a very importaut mat-
ter, because it might be impossible to prove
what was on the ticket; but if a man casts a
fraudulent vote, or offers to vote fraudulently
at a poll where votes for members of Congress
are being received, it shall be presumed that
he voted for member of Congress, and be must
show he did not.
Then the final section of the amendment
passed by the Senate was intended by the Sen-
ate undoubtedly to give a remedy in a specific
case; that is, when persons offering to vote
were denied the right to vote by reason of color
the candidate defeated by reason of that denial
might go into the United States courts on that
particular question, so that effect should be
given to the voice of the voters. For instance,
if a sheriff was to be elected in one of the
southern States, and he received one thousand
white votes, and there were fifteen hundred
colored voters all ready to vote for him, but
who were excluded, he might go to the United
States court and recover the office; but in
order that that section should not cover any
other case than that specific one, to give effect
to votes denied for this reason, the committee
of conference have redrawn the section very
earefully, narrowing it down to the particular
issue where the right to vote is denied for that
specific reason; not drawing anything else
before the United States courts, and for the
purpose of giving effect to this fifteenth amend-
ment. I will read the section as reported by
; the conference committee; it will explain itself
| probably better than I can explain it:
I And ht it further matted. That whenever any per-
son shall be defeated or deprived of his election to
any office, except elector of President or Vice Pres-
■ ident, Representative or Delegate in Congress, or
member of a State Legislature, by reason of tho
1 denial to any citizen or citizens who shall offer to
; vote of the right to voto on account of race, color,
or previous condition of servitude, the right to hold
and enjoy such office and the emoluments thereof shall
| not be impaired by such denial; and such person
j may bring any appropriate suit or proceeding to
I recover possession of such office; and in eases where
