1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ion as the basis of a constitutional argument
against this bill, I avow to them my willing-
ness to strike out the provision altogether. I
hope that I shall thus be able to obtain their
■votes for the measure. And as a practical
provision I have discovered in my investiga-
tion of this subject that it can have no possible
importance except on the supposition that you
cut down the number of Representatives to two
hundred and seventy-five. If the House should
reject the amendment of my friend from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] in that case it may
affect one Stale and it can affect only one State.
But if, on the other hand, you fix the number
at three hundred, then no State can be affected
either by including or excluding this provision
of the bill. I therefore again avow my willing-
ness to have this provision stricken out of the
billon the motion of those who are opposed to it.
I will not stop to speak at any great length
of the objections which have been urged to this
whole plan of carrying out the next census
practically by a reapportionment for the Forty-
Second Congress. But I wish to make one or
two remarks in reply to the objections that have
beenurgedupon thesegrounds. Wehavebeen
told, again and again, that the Constitution of
the United States absolutely provides that the
intervals between the taking of the census and
apportionment of representation shall be ex-
actly ten years. Now, Mr. Speaker, it is very
certain that the Constitution of the United
States does provide that an enumeration shall
be taken within every period of ten years, and,
as a matter of course, that an apportionment
shall follow the enumeration so made. The
Constitution does not, indeed, in terms provide
that an apportionment shall be made within
every period often years, but the language of the
Constitution is unmistakable. It imports that
an apportionment shall follow with all reason-
able speed an enumeration of the inhabitants
of the United States, and the Constitution does
provide that an enumeration shall be taken
within every period of ten years. But why do
gentleman cay that the Constitution requires
that the interval shall be exactly ten years?
There is no such provision in the Constitution.
There is no warrant in the Constitution for any
such declaration.
It has been said here that the language of
the Constitution clearly shows that it was the
object of its framers to provide that the interval
should be exactly ten years in order to enable the
people of the United States to obtain accurate
statistics of their affairs as well as an accurate
. enumeration of the people; and that because
that period of ten years is absolutely essential
to accurate statistics, for scientific or other uses,
therefore the Constitution required that the
enumeration should be taken at intervals of
exactly ten years. Why, sir, there is no clause
is the Constitution which requires expressly or
by the remotest implication that any statistics
shall be taken for any other purpose than an
enumeration of the inhabitants. The Consti-
tution provides for an enumeration for one
purpose only, and that is for an apportionment
of representation. There is no allusion in the
Constitution to any other object of an enumera-
tion.
I sympathize as heartily as any man on this
floor can with the other objects which we have
in view in taking the census of the United
States. I desire as earnestly as any other
member does to see the statistical results of
this next census and of every census of the
United States, because I understand what great
material, moral, and political benefits will re-
sult to the people of the United Slates from
these statistics if accurately taken. 1 under-
stand, too, what great benefits will result to
the cause of science, not only in this country
but in the whole world, from the accurate tak-
ing of these statistics. Hence I am as anxious
as any man can be that they should be accu-
rately taken. But when you undertake to argue
from the importance of these statistic*, in a
Scientific or peonomical aspect, that it « a
constitutional requirement that they should be
taken at intervals of ten years, why, sir, you are
standing without any foundation beneath your
feet. There is no such reason as this for
urging it to be a violation of the Constitution
even to take an enumeration before the expira-
tion of ten years from the time of the preceding
enumeration.
But that is not what we propose. We do
not propose to put this enumeration out of
its ordinary place. We propose to take it just
as it has been hitherto taken, at the end of
ten years. And so we shall in nowise impair
the value of these statistics for scientific and
other purposes. They will be taken after the
lapse of a full period of ten years from the
preceding enumeration.
Then why object to it on this ground? There
is no such valid objection to the measure now
pending before the House. But objection is
made to making apportionment now. It is
said by gentlemen that the apportionment
should be deferred until after the enumera-
tion has actually been made. Why ? On any
constitutional ground ? No, sir, unless you
put it on the ground that it is the duty of Con-
gress itself to make the apportionment, and
that it cannot transfer that duty to the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
I have shown that there is nothing in that
objection. I have shown already that what we
propose by the bill which I have introduced is
to make this apportionment ourselves, and
then to require the Superintendent of the Cen-
sus and the Secretary of the Interior, merely
as our clerks, to add up the figures and to pre-
pare and submit a statement of the'result of
those figures. Oh! but they say, it has been
hitherto the practice of Congress to make the
actual apportionment after the enumeration has
been made.
Well, sir, suppose thatsuch has hi therto been
the practice, what has that to do with the Con-
stitution? If there shall be now a good reason
for adopting a new and different practice, what
ground for opposing this bill shall bo found in
the past practice of this Government ? Why,
sir, there was a good reason for the past prac-
tice of the Government, but that reason has
passed away now. It was impossible in 1790,
it was impossible in 1800, il was impossible in
1810; it never has been possible till perhaps
1850 to make this apportionment as wo pro-
pose to make it now. It never has before been
possible, for this reason: until the adoption of
the telegraph system and the railroad system
of the United States, it has never been possi-
ble to take the census and communicate the
result of it in time to enable the Secretary of
the Interior or the Superintendent of the Cen-
sus to perform the labors that we propose to
impose upon him in time for an election of the
next Congress. That is just the reason why
it never has been done, and that is the only
reason why it never has been done. It has been
a sheer physical impossibility, and it would be
an impossibility to-day but for the telegraph
and railroad.
But the telegraph aud railroad systems of the
United Slates do now enable the officers upon
whom we impose this work to perform their
labors and to state the result in time for an
election of members of the Forty-Second Con-
gress.
Then why not do it? Because it is said
the Constitution—or if not the Constitution
then the usage of the Government, and if not
the usage of the Government then something
else—has established a rule that every appor-
tionment shall apply to five Congresses ; that
by making a new apportionment now we allow
the present apportionment to be applied to
only four Congresses. I answer that by a
downright denial that any such rule is to be
found anywhere in either the Constitution of
the United States or in any practice that can
properly bind us in our legislation here.
We have so far applied each apportionment
to five. Congresses for the reason that, owina; to
the condition of our country and the circum-
stances of the case, we were unable to make
an apportionment which should apply to the
very next Congress after the taking of the
enumeration. Now this reason has disap-
peared; The time has come when we can carry
into effect the enumeration of the next census
for the Forty-Second Congress; andbeing able
to do it, Mr. Speaker, I see no good reason
for refusing to do it. The Constitution of the
United States gives to the people of all the
States the right to be represented according to
their population. That is a right which they
are entitled to enjoy just as soon as it can be
practically accorded to them. The time has
come when we can accord it to the people of
the United States for the Forty-Second Con-
gress. No man on this floor can be just to his
constituents if seeing it a practicable measure
he shall fail to support it.
Mr. HOAB. Mr. Speaker, I desire in a very
few sentences to restate the argument against
this proposition, which, with great deference
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Jtrnn] and
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,]
does not seem to me to have been satisfactorily
answered.
For the first time in the history of the coun-
try an attempt is made to deprive the States
of their representation under the last appor-
tionment for two years of the usual ana ex-
pected time. The argument is that the Con-
stitution requires an apportionment according
to numbers, and that as it is notorious that
certain States have gained largely in relative
population since the last apportionment it is
our constitutional duty to remedy this inequal-
ity at once.
This argument, if adopted by this House,
would indeed require an apportionment be-
fore the next Congress, and it would also re-
quire a new apportionment and census for every
Congress so long as the country continues to
grow. No man who is convinced by the argu-
ments of the gentleman from Illinois or the
gentleman from Wisconsin can on his oath,
bound by the authority of the Constitution as
he understands it, refuse to make an appor-
tionment for every Congress; because so rapid
is the growth of our population that the fact has
been and will hereafter be notorious that in
every term of two years changes of numbers
take place sufficient to disturb the represent-
ative equality between the peoples of different
States.
Gentlemen have given us statistics showing
the inequalities of the existing distribution of
representatiou. Some of them have distorted
and inflated their result by making the com-
parison of voters, who do not determine rep-
resentation, and not of population, who do,
although the older States contain a much larger
proportion of non-voting population than the
new.
But it is conceded that however the com-
parison is made considerable inequalities exist.
To remedy these inequalities they propose to
resort to a method of apportionment incon-
venient and mischievous m its immediate re-
sults and a dangerous precedent for future
imitation ; they propose to delegate to a min-
isterial officer a power essentially discretionary
and legislative.
No answer has been made, and none can be,
to the proposition I have stated. No man
will deny that the power to apportion repre-
sentation among the States of this Union is
the most important political power that can be
exercised under this Government. No State
will willingly submit to be deprived of what
she deems her just share of power in this
House except by the determination of the
highest constitutional authority.
Now, sir, it is true, as has been stated, that
the House can so frame a law as_ to make the
duty of the Secretary of the Interior the simple
clerical duty of adding up or dividing numbers,
and to perfect an apportionment under which
he shall not be bound to exercbo the leglshv
