1870.
THE COMPRESSION"AL GLOBE.
and Senate might be able to enforce the con-
sent of Congress to the levying of imposts and
duties upon exports and imports, to the laying
of differential duties of tonnage, to the keeping
of troops and ships of war in time of peace,
and to the waging of war, under compacts or
agreements with "foreign Powers, by one or
several States of the Union.
Nay, sir. upon the same principle of con-
struction, the President and Senate would have
the constitutional right to provide, in a treaty
of alliance, not only what subsidies should be
contributed, but also what revenue bills should
be originated by the House and enacted by
Congress for the payment of such subsidies,
and could prescribe the rules and regulations
to be made by Congress respecting acquired
territory and the terms of admission of new
States and oblige Congress to admit such States,
and could actually bind Congress to propose
specified amendments to the Constitution of
the United States.
The Constitution requires the rule of natu-
ralization established by Congress to be uni-
form. But if the President and Senate can
by treaty touch the subject of naturalization
they are not governed by this rule of uniform-
ity. The Constitution, in like manner, re-
quires laws enacted by Congress on the sub-
ject of bankruptcy to be uniform throughout
the United States. But if the treaty-making
power can embrace the subject of bankruptcy
it will be governed by no rule of uniformity.
in the ninth section of the first article it was
provided that the importation of slaves should
not be prohibited by Congress prior to the year
1808. No such prohibition was laid upon the
treaty power. But it is hardly possible to con-
ceive of the wrath of the slave power if the
President and Senate had, before 1808, by
treaty, ventured to terminate our slave trade,
as they certainly had a constitutional right to
do if our opponents are correct in their views
of the obligation of the House to make this
appropriation.
Mr. Fisher Ames, in the memorable debate
of 1796, insisted that the doctrine which gives
the House of Representatives a discretion in
treaty appropriations, while ostensibly yield-
ing the treaty power to the President and
Senate exclusively, does virtually assert for
the House either the right to make treaties or
the right to break them. But it might, with
equal propriety, be said that the British Amer-
ican Provinces were parties to the reciprocity i
treaty of 1854, for the reason that it contem-
plated the enactment of certain laws by the
several provincial parliaments. Those stipu-
lations of a treaty made by the President and
Senate, which involve the exercise of powers
vested exclusively in Congress, while they can-
not propria vigore pledge the faith of the na-
tion, may, nevertheless, be rendered valid in
presenli,' or of perfect obligation irifuturo, by
antecedent or subsequent legislation. Stipu-
lations for the present or future^ performance
of acts within the exclusive jurisdiction of Con-
gress are not, and cannot be, absolute, what-
ever they purport to be, unless Congress pro-
vides the requisite antecedent or subsequent
legislation. In no other way can they become a
part of the supreme law of the land. This in-
volves no participation by the House of Repre-
sentatives in the treaty-making power. This
House is no more a party to such a treaty, for
the mere reason that it cannot be consummat ed
without our deliberative action, than is an indi-
vidual a party to a contract for the mere reason
that the contract is conditioned upon the per n
formance of certain acts by himself, any more jl
than a railway company is a party to a con- jj
tract of an express company for the mere
reason that the contract can only be fulfilled
by using the railway.
It is said that if the House of Representa-
tives may at its discretion withhold these ap-
propriations it may, for the same reason, with-
hold an appropriation to pay the expenses
incident to the negotiation or execution of a
treaty admitted to be within the constitutional
power of the President and Senate. But this
is not true. The House, although it may have
the power, has no more constitutional right to
withhold an appropriation necessary to defray
the expenses of negotiating or executing a
treaty which comes within the treaty power,
than to withhold the salaries of the President
and judges, despite the positive provisions of
the Constitution on the subject.
It is urged that the small States have a
right to insist that the President and Senate
shall exercise the treaty-making power. But
they certainly have no right to insist that they
shall exercise the legislative power conferred
upon Congress. And the question still re-
mains, what is included in the treaty-making
power?
We are assured that it is our duty to make
these appropriations, because a treaty is the
supreme law of the land. But the question
again recurs, are these treaties in the constitu-
tional sense? If not it is no supreme law,
merely because its friends see fit to style it a
treaty. But if valid treaties, and therefore
supreme laws of the land, it is to be remem-
bered that the very same clause of the Consti-
tution which makes a treaty the supreme law
of the land makes something else also the
supreme law of the land. This is the lan-
guage of the clause:
" This Constitution and thelaws of UieUntyedStatos
which shall be made in pursuance thereof, and all
treaties made, or which shall bo made, under the
authority of the United States, shall be the supreme
law of tlie land; and the judges in every State shall
be bound thereby, anything in the constitution or
laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding."
The Constitution, then, is the supreme law.
So are the statutes. If treaties are the supreme
law they are not the only supreme law. Are
they supreme over both the Constitution and
statutes ? I should be glad to know why. Are
they supreme over the statutes? I should be
glad to know why.
In my judgment, treaties and statutes stand
within their respective spheres on a footing of
equal dignity and authority; and if the Con-
stitution is scrupulously observed neither can
be-placed in supremacy over the other. Both
are subordinate to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, but both are supreme over State
constitutions and State laws.
In Jefferson's Manual the doctrine is stated
in these words:
"By the Constitution of the United States this
departmentof legislation isconfided to two branchea
only of the ordinary Legislature; the President ori-
ginating and the Senate having a negative. To what
subjects this power extends has not been defined in
detail by the Constitution, nor are we entirely agreed
among: ourselves.
" 1. It is admitted that it must concern the foreign
nation party to the contract, or it would be a mere
nullity, res inter alios acta.
"2. By the genoralpowcrto make treaties, the Con-
stitution must have intended to comprehend only
those subjectswhich are usual lyregulated by treaty,
and cannot be otherwise regulated.
"3. It must have meant to except out of these the
rights reserved to the States; for surely the Pres iden t
and Senate cannot do by treaty what the whole Gov-
ernment is interdicted from doing in any way.
"4. And also to exceptthosc subjects of legislation
in which it gave a participation to the 'House of
Representatives.
"This last exception is denied by some, on the
ground that it would leave very little matter i'or the
treaty power to work on. The less tho better, suy
others. The Constitution thought it wise to restrain
tbe Executive and Senate from entangling and em-
broiling our affairs with those of Europe. Besides,
as the negotiations are carried on by the Executive
alone, the subjecting to the ratification of the Repre-
sentatives such articles as are within their partici-
pation is no more inconvenient than to tho Senate.
But the ground of this exception is denied as un-
founded. For examine, c. g., the treaty of commerce
with France, and it will bo found that out of thirty-
one articles there are not more tho.n sma.ll portions
of two or three of them which would not still remain
as subjects of treaties untouched by these exceptions."
Foreign Powers are, by the law of natious,
bound to take notice where the power to ap-
propriate money resides and how far the treaty
power extends "under our Constitution. This
rests upon a principle of international law too
well established to admit of argument.
The claim that the President and Senate may
make treaties which involve the exercise of
powers conferred by the Constitution ujjon Con-
gress is Bupported by no judicial authority;
The cases in 2, 6, and 7 Peteirs'ahd 1 Barbour
do not touch this question. In 5 McLeain, 344,
it is expressly denied that Congress is bound
without discr&tion to appropriate money called
for by treaty. The laijguage of tbe court is
this:
"Anclin snch a case th e Kopresentatives of thepeo-
pie and the States exercise their o'wn judgment in
granting or withholding the money. They act upon
their own responsibility, and not upon the responsi-
bility of the treaty-making power. It cannot bint!
or control the legislative action in this respeot, and
every foreign Government may be presumed to know
that, so far as the treaty stipulates to pay money,
the legislative sanction is required."
The arguments of some of the text-writers
in support of the power of the President and
Senate to bind tho nation by treaty as to mat-
ters of exclusive legislative cognizance are
characterized by remarkable inaccuracy of
statement. Chancellor Kent, in his Comment-
aries, states that the'House of Representatives,
in 1796, declared by a resolution that when a
treaty depended Tor the execution of any of its
stipulations on an act of Congress it was the
right and duty of the House to deliberate on
the expediency or inexpediency of carrying
such treaty into effect.
He adds that this circumstance could not be -
mentioned without equal regret and astonish-
ment, And he attempts to avoid the force of
this resolution by the following remarkable
discolorations of the facts of history. He first
asserts that the resolution was a naked abstract
claim of right never acted upon, and that Con-
gress shortly after framed a law to carry into
effect the very treaty with Great Britain which
gave rise to the resolution. Whereas the fact
is that the constitutional right of Congress to
withhold the legislation required by the treaty
and the expediency of withholding it under
the circumstances of the particular case were
two distinct questions before the House ; and
ten of the Representatives, who believed in
their right to withhold the legislation and voted
for the resolution setting forth that right, did
also believe in the expediency of the particular
treaty, and therefore voted for the law.
He observes that President Washington, in
his message of March 30, 1796, explicitly de-
nied the existence of auy such power in Con-
gress. His message, however, was received
by the House eight days before the adoption
of the resolution. And the authority of the
resolution of 1796 is augmented by the cir-
cumstance that, notwithstanding such a mes-
sage from such a source, the vote stood :
Teas in the House  57
Yeas absent  6
63
Nays in the House    35
Nays absent  1
36
He concludes with this confident assertion,
that the argument in favor of the binding and
conclusive efficacy of every trealy made by the
President and Senate is so clear and palpable
that it has probably carried very general con-
viction throughout the community, and this
might be considered the decided sense of public
opinion ; and that this was the sense of the
House of Representatives in 1816, and the res-
olution of 1706 would not be repeated. But
the fact is that, in the case of 1816 referred to
by Chancellor Kent, which was the debate and
vote upon the bill lor carrying into effect the
convention of commerce between the United
States and Great Britain, every speaker opposed
to the House bill, including Calhoun, Picker-
ing, Gaston, and Hopkins, took the ground
that the President and Senate had the power -
to modify duties by treaty, and that confirm-
atory legislation was superfluous and an in-
vasion of the prerogatives of the President
and Senate ; whereas all who spoke for the
bill, including Randolph, Gholson, Lowndes,
