4698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,1
that bill was passed, in April, 1869, down to
the present hour ef my standing here, although
I have heard a great deal said about parties
who could prove that evidence untrue, yet there
lias never been before my committee presented,
by letter or in any other form, any evidence
tending to prove the untruth of the statement
upon which the Committee on Patents acted.
I therefore demand the previous question, and
hope that the action of the Committee on
Patents will be sustained by the House as
m gain at the veto message of the President
of the United States.
ill-. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask per-
mission of the House for two or three minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Rhode
Island demands the previous question.
Mr. FOX. I ask that members of the House
be compelled to take their seats before the
question is taken upon seconding the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman is not
satisfied with the count of the Chair he can
demand tellers.
Mr. POX. I do not wish to be considered
as taking any exception to the conduct of the
Chair whatever.
Mr. STRONG. I wish to read the record
in the Congressional Globe, to show how this
bill was passed.
Mr. JBNCKES. I call the gentleman to
order; I have demanded the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
CO, noes 62.
Mr. JENCKES demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. J exckes and
Mr. Farnsworth were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 71, noes 77.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. HOAR. Have I not the right to demand
the yeas and nays on seconding the previous
question?
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays can-
not be had on the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, Mr. Speaker,
there are two things introduced in the record
presented by the Commissioner of Patents
which stand out prominently. The first is that
in 1867 there was pending an application from
Mr. White for a renewal of his letters-patent.
That fact came to the knowledge of the mem-
ber from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] He
volunteered a protest against it. Whether that
was for the purpose of courting the offer of a
counsel fee or not I- do not know; but the
second fact which stands out prominently is,
that when Mr. White in 1869 filed his schedule
of expenditures, in order to show he had not
made as much money as he ought to have done
on his patent, lie showed that in January, 1869,
he paid the member from Massachusetts $2,000
in cash as counsel fees. I will state here in
addition to what is in the record, but what is
of record in the Supreme Court of the United
States, that the member from Massachusetts
did not utter a word in the Supreme Court in
behalf of Mr. White; but he did file a small
brief, an insignificant brief in the case, so that
it might appear prima facie that he did appear
and do something in a law court toward earn-
ing the $2,000 which has been paid him. But,
sir. I leave it to this House and to the country
to say what was the work for which he was paid
these $2,000. What induced Mr. White to pay
it, and what induced the member from Massa-
chusetts on this floor to advocate the renewal
of Mr. White's patent, if it was not this fee of
$2,000?
The member from Massachusetts spoke of
the length of my beard ; and I told him then,
as I tell him now, that, whether long or short,
no member of Congress shall steal under the
shadow of my beard. No member of Congress,
with my knowledge or consent, shall perpe-
trate a fraud like this on the people of the
United States.
He said, in the letter written by the member
in 1867, that the reissue of these letters-patent
■would be subversive of the interests of the
Government of the United States. He, a mem-
ber of Congress, says in this letter, on file in
the Patent Office, that the reissue of letters-
patent to Mr. White would be a violation of
the rights and interests of the United States
as well as of those of some of the people of
Massachusetts ; and yet, for $2,000, the mem-
ber, forgetting his duty and forgetting the
statutes of the United States, hesitates not to
come here and advocate the reissue of those
very same letters-patent.
According to his own statement, he advised
that White should perpetrate a fraud upon the
people of the United States in advising White
to make an assignment to the Government of
the United States, when it was in evidence that
before that time White had assigned all his
interest to Smith & Wesson He had no right
left to assiguto the Government of the United
States. It had already been assigned; and yet
the plea of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] is, that this very valuable advice
which he gave Rollin White, to assign to the
Government of the United States what he had
before assigned to Smith & Wesson, was worth
$2,000, and that what he was paid was for that
advice. Mr. Speaker, that is too thin a vail,
too flimsy a guise, too shallow a pretense. The
gentleman cannot—
" Compound for sins ho is inclined to,
By damning those ho has no mind to."
And before this House and the country I ar-
raign him for being in this case on both sides
of the question ; first on ono side without a
fee, and then on the other side with a fee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must call the
gentleman to order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have finished what
I had to say. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This kind of
language ought not to be tolerated in this Hall.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, rose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farxswortii] has demanded the
previous question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If there
is any sense of justice in the House it will not
grant that demand.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
been for some time, Mr. Speaker, before the
people of this country, and for some short time
before the members of this House, and I must
say that I cannot recall an assault made upon
me whose malignity and baselessness it is more
difficult to find words, however pertinent and
severe, fitly to characterize. Rollin White's
case has been before this House, and the accu-
sation is that I have had some personal interest
in the shape of a feo for putting that case
through. Well, sir, the bill has been lying on
the. Speaker's table for many days. Is there
any gentleman with whom 1 have conversed
and whom I have endeavored to persuade to
vote for this bill? Will the men who have had
speech with me on this subject, will anybody
whose heart is not as black as hell and steeped
in the gall of damnation, undertake to say that
I have done anything wrong, or that I said one
word to anybody on this subject?
In 1807 I was applied to by certain gentle-
men, some of whom were of my town, who
were arm manufacturers, and who desired to
reap the benefit of Rollin White'slabois if they
could. I was told by those same gentlemen
that they were about to have a contract with
the Government which might possibly interfere
with this patent, and they said, "Wc do not
want to wait here and watch this extension of
patent before the Commissioner; please put
yourself in a condition to notify us, your towns-
men, of an application on the part of White to
extend his patent." Thereupon I wrote the
Commissioner of Patents a letter, which I will
read, and I ask any gentleman on hearing it to
say whether, according to 'his own judgment I
and his own sense of what is right and proper, -
there was anything wrong in it:
Washington, My p., 1881.
Rtr- I am advised that Rollin White is making
claim'for the extension of his patent for perforated |
chambers of breech-loaders °'interest
^ nro reasons which render it lor tue inter*®  
of tho Government, as well as parties in
setts, that Ms claim should be examined before any
extension is made. ^
Not that it was against the United States, as t
has been falsely stated on this floor; not that 4
it was in violation of any interest of the U mtea
States, but simply that there were reasons ,
which rendered it for the interest of the I) nited i
States, as well as parties in Massachusetts, that ;;
his claim should be examined before any ex-
tension was made. The letter proceeds. •
I therefore ask to be notified of anj; hearing- forthe
extension, and would suggest that it be continued
UnitlhavVthoeiionor to be, very respectfully, your <
obedient servant, BENJAMIN F. BUTLER. )
lion. Commissioner of Patents. ]
My object was simply that I might be able =
to notify the parties I have referred to; and ;
further than that I had nothing to do with the .■
tyi fl.htp.r
In 1808 Rollin White, while I was at home •
during the vacation of Congress, came to me .
and stated that there was a suit pending in the
Supreme Court of the United States, No. 6, ;
Ethan Allen, appellant, against Rollin White
and others, that had been oncc argued before -
tho court and stood for reargument. He staged ;
that his counsel was sick and asked me if I
would argue it. I thereupon spent four weeks
of solid time, and here is the brief of the argu-
ment which I filed, every word of which, except
the quotations, is in my handwriting of twenty-
seven pages. It has been called a "weak and
insignificant brief." As to its weakness I have
nothing to say. The time it took to prepare it _
I know. There is an examination in that brief
of over thirty different patents, many of them ;
French patents, and containing photographs of
very many models which had to be examined.
That brief was made by me and filed. The
gentleman who originally argued the case having
got well, he argued it, I sitting by him in the -
court when it was argued. For that I received
the sum of $2,000, the last of it on the 25th of -
January, 1869, that being after the time when
the case was argued. There was then no ap-
plication pending before Congress for an exten-
sion of this patent, and I did not know that
there ever would be; certainly none to my
knowledge.
Now, I can say without offense that the mem-
ber from Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth] never will
make such a brief as this; never will argue or
be employed to argue such a ease. He is per-
fectly safe from over receiving a fee of $2,000,
so that he at least will never come under my
condemnation in this regard.
Now, this case was pending in this Congress.
Did I ever go before the Committee on Patents '
in reference to it? I call upon my friend from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenckes,] the chairman
of that committee, to say whether I ever said
anything to him upon the subject. It passed
this House without a vote or a word on my
part. It went to the Senate, and there waa
dealt with according to their wisdom. It then
went to the President for his signature.
Mr. White then came to me, as his counsel,
and said, kIt is objected that the President
should not sign my bill because it may inter-
fere with the interest of the United States."
I said to him, ''Sir, in my judgment you can
obviate that difficulty by filing, on behalf of
yourself and your assignees, in the ordnance
ofnee a release to the United States." I un-
derstood afterward from a friend, who told me
the facts, that he did so.
I declined when he asked me to speak on
h,s behalf on this floor. I never opened my
mouth here about the case, on of delicacv
lhere was no reason why I should not have '
