1866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
the current expenses of the Government you
do increase the aggregate debt, because you
create bonds to the amount of the greenbacks
received, and then you pay the greenbacks out
•gain, so that you owe Doth the bonds and the
greenbacks. That, of course, is forbidden by
the concluding clause of the section.
It was suggested by the Senator from Ohio
the other day that these greenbacks thus re-
ceived for these bonds might be used in the
redemption or in the purchase of the debt in
the market. That would be in violation of
the concluding part of the section. Why?
Because if you sell those four per cent, bonds
at par for greenbacks and then use the green-
backs for the purchase of five-twenty bonds,
at a premium of sixteen or eighteen percent.,
of course the public debt is aggregated to the
amount of the premium. One hundred thou-
sand dollars of four per cent, bonds thus sold
would only purchase eighty-four or eighty-six
thousand dollars of five-twenty bonds; and
while there would be a saving of, perhaps,
one or one and a fourth per cent, of the inter-
est there would be an increase of the aggre-
gate debt by the amount of sixteen or eighteen
thousand dollars in the volume of the bonds,
which is prohibited by the concluding part of
the section. But if it were not, we do not
want to fund in that way. We want to fund
the debt, but not in such a way as to increase
the aggregate amount of the debt. Therefore,
if there was nothing in the way of the use of
these greenbacks in the mannerpointed out by
the Senator from Ohio the other day, still it
would be very bad policy for us to undertake
to fund the five-twenty bonds by increasing the
aggregate amount, in the form of four per cent,
bonds. The idea of this bill is that the aggre-
gate debt shall not be increased, and that there
shall not be any gold bond given out unless an
old bond of equal amount comes in, either in
the form of exchange or in the form of redemp-
tion. No, sir; the greenbacks received for
these bonds must be canceled, and it is upon
that idea that 1 discuss this question; and 1
insist that it is against the interest of this
country at this time, in every point of view,
to contract the currency in this way.
But, sir, there is another point of view. This
is a funding bill, and what we contend shall
be the purpose of it is to reduce the interest
on the public debt; but it contains a proposi-
tion by which the interest on the public debt
may be increased to the amount of $15,000,000
annually, by converting $356,000,000 of legal-
tender notes that bear no interest into that
amount of bonds that do bear interest. The
bill, therefore, should be christened "A bill
to increase the interest-bearing debt of the
country."
Now, it is only claimed by the Senator, and
it is a matter of calculation, that if we can fund
the whole $1,200,000,000 provided for in this
bill into the bonds contemplated we shall
save $18,000,000 annually; but if we fund the
$356,000,000 of greenbacks into these bonds,
on the other side, we shall expend $18,000,000
more in the way of interest, and there will be
a saving of but $3,000,000. We are now going
on well enough, and I think that we should
suffer the volume of the currency to remain
undiminished. There can be no good reason
that I know of for funding the greenback cur-
rency at this time. If you make this provision,
and it will work at all, you will probably in-
crease the interest of the public debt as much
on the bonds funded by the greenbacks as you
will save in the other way, and it may be more,
so that there will be nothing gained.
Now, sir, let us provide for funding bonds
into bonds and reducing interest, but not pro-
vide for funding notes that bear no interest into
bonds that do bear interest. The United States
notes are to-day the most popular and satis-
factory currency this country has ever had. The
people do not want them retired; they do not
want them funded, even if by funding them
they did not thereby increase the interest on
the public debt. It is the foundation of legal-
tender notes that now gives credit to the natio nal
banks; and if you withdraw that foundation
their notes will sink fur below their present
value.
There is another provision contained in the
tenth section, by which it is not proposed to con-
tract, but simply proposed to substitute one for
the other. That will come up on a subsequent
amendment. But we are now confronted with
the simple and direct proposition to contract
the currency, the most disastrous thing we can
I do, and to couvert a non-interest-bearing fund
into an interest-bearing debt. That is the
proposition contained in this bill, and I am
opposed to it in every form.
Mr. SHERMAN. This subject has been so
often debated that I will not consume more than
a few moments of time in presenting distinctly
the question which I think is the most import-
; ant point embraced in this bill. My honorable
friend from Indiana, ever since he has been an
able and honored member of this body, has
been continually haunted by the fear of con-
traction. It is a word with him of evil import.
Now, Mr. President, I do not want to con-
tract the currency one dollar, but I want to
resume specie payments, and to avail ourselves
of the favorable state of the money market and
of the condition of the times to take a rapid
march toward specie payments. This is a bill
not only to fund the public debt, but to bring
about specie payments without any material
contractiou. We know very well that a propo-
sition to retire the whole mass of greenback
circulation would be met here not only by my
friend from Indiana but by a general public
sentiment, and therefore we have inserted in
this bill the smallest modicum of provision
toward specie payments.
There is in this bill this simple clause that
does look toward specie payments, and it is the
only clause of the bill that looks toward specie
payments. What is it? We give to every holder
of a greenback, which is the dishonored prom-
ise of the nation, the right to present it to the
Treasury of the United States and convert it
i into a bond bearing four per cent, interest in
! s°ld-
My honorable friend thinks that will con-
tract the currency. Does he suppose that in
the present state of the money market every-
body holding greenbacks will be eager to rush
j to the Treasury for four per cent, bonds ? I do
1 not presume the process of funding greenbacks
j into bonds will probably occur to the extent of
! $5,000,000 in the course of a year. The section
1 is so framed as to be the most moderate proposi-
tion of the kind that could be made. If 1 had
my own way in the matter I would treat the
noteholder precisely like the bondholder; I
would say to the noteholder, "You can con-
vert your note into any form of bond provided
for in this bill." That would at once provide
I for a mode of retiring greenbacks and provide
! another circulation to take their place. But
| that is not the proposition. The proposition
I is simply now to give to the holder of our dis-
! honored promise the right to convert it into a
; bond. Why should we not? Is it not honest?
Clearly so. We are bound to pay the note in
j gold. Nobody has disputed that proposition.
! Why do we not do it? Is it said we cannot do
it ? My honorable friend from Indiana will
j hardly say we cannot pay the note now. With
! our improved credit we are able to pay it.
Sir, we are bound in honor and honesty if
we cannot pay the note in gold to do the next
best thing. We can give the noteholders at
least a bond bearing interest in gold; and now
we give them the smallest bond, the bond least
burdensome, the one of the lowest rate of in-
terest ever proposed in the United States of
America, in payment of a debt past due, that
is daily dishonored, floating on the surface of
our currency. It seems to me so simple a
proposition ought not to startle or alarm any
one. The Senator himself, I suppose, will
admit that the process of contraction under
this bill will be very slow. The holders of the
greenbacks will not hurry to the Treasury to
convert them into four per cent, bonds. The
question may beasked, what is the benefit, then,
in this provision? The benelit it) that in no
possible state of the money market will the
greenback be depreciated below the market
value of a four per cent. bond. It is the vir-
tue of this provision in this bill, together with
a favorable turn in the money market, that has
now brought us to the condition of affairs
when our note is within ten per cent, of gold.
It is only the manifest purpose on the part of
Congress to redeem and give aditionaL value
to this greenback currency that makes us now
enter upon a favorable state of the money
market.
Why, sir, since the time when we suspended
the right to contract the currency or retire the
greenbacks until the beginning of this session
the depreciation in our currency was from
thirty to sixty cents on the dollar. It is only
when we are again talking about restoring to
the greenback the privilege of being funded
into a bond, giving it an additional value iti
this way, that we can approach within daylight
•f specie payments. It is the very proposi-
tions pending in the Senate, the very proposi-
tions contained in this bill, that have brought
us so near now to this ultimate end. Why
should we refuse to the holder of the green-
back the right to convert it into a bond? We
give the holders of all our interest-bearing
obligations that right. We give the holder of
the five-twenties and ten-forties on the terms
prescribed in this bill a chance to exchange,
provided we make something by it. Why
should we keep out in the cold the favorite
debt of the people? Why should we not give
it an additional value? 1 never could answer
myself except by raising the phantom of con-
traction which disturbs the brain of the honor-
able Senator from Indiana. But to meet that
we have provided that there need be no con-
traction. For every dollar of greenbacks con ■
verted into bonds or surrendered one dollar of
bank currency may take its place. Under the
tenth section of the bill anybody can present
these greenbacks and get national currency
and organize new banks, and then the green-
backs are canceled.
If the greenbacks float into the Treasury
under the third section of the bill they are not
canceled; they are held in the Treasury, and
may be paid out in the ordinary operations of
the Government, with this condition only, that
by it the amount of the debt shall not be
increased. Our surplus revenue now is a gold
revenue. That surplus revenue can be applied
to the payment of bonds or the purchase of
bonds in the open market, as has been done
almost daily for some time past. We have no
surplus revenue in greenbacks. Indeed, we have
not enough revenue in greenbacks to pay the
ordinary expenses of the Government in green-
backs. The surplus is gold, and we sell the
gold and convert it into greenbacks, and with
the proceeds buy in our bonds. If the money
floats into the Treasury in exchange for bonds
that money may be used in the ordinary oper-
ations of the Government if there is occasion
to use it; but if, on the other hand, there is
no occasion to use it, if there is more money
in the Treasury than is necessary to carry on
the operations of the Government, what then?
The contraction is only at the precise moment
when the greenback is worth less in market
value than a four per cent, bond; and then,
and then only, will it come into the Treasury.
There can be no contraction of the currency,
no retirement of the greenbacks, until they
depreciate below the market value of a four
per cent. bond. Then they will float into the
Treasury. It is to guard against that possible
depreciation, to give them steadiness in the
money market, that this measure is so vitally
necessary. Why, sir, if this provision had
been contained in the law last September when
the stock gamblers were endeavoring to break
