2810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
tleweu who desire to address the Senate. I
think they ought to have all the time that is
allowed.
Mr. CHANDLER. The bill in the hands
of the Senator from Alabama can be passed in
two minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will not be passed this
morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator from Kentucky proceeds the Chair will
state that on Friday last, when the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Hart.an] occupied the chair
temporarily, as appears by the report of the
debate in the Globe, it was unanimously
agreed that the Senator from Illinois, the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, should
take the floor at three o'clock this day to close
the debate on this bill. The Chair merely
states this that the Senate may be advised of
the determination then made by unanimous
consent.
Mr. POMEROY. I believe that was when
we were expecting to take the vote at four
o'clock ; but we afterward agreed to vote at
six to-day, as I understand.
Several Senators. Six was the hour.
Mr. ANTHONY. We agreed to vote not
later than six.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
posed, of course, that the Senator from Illi-
nois could waive his right until a subsequent
hour, and merely stated his impression from
reading the debate in the Globe. The Senator
from Kentucky will proceed.
Mr. PERRY. Before the Senator from
Kentucky proceeds, with his consent I wish
to give notice that after this day, in the morn-
ing hour, I shall feel it to be my duty to object
to anything except the regular order until the
veto message of the President of the United
States upon the bill for the relief of Rollins
White is reached and disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That stands on
the Calendar next after the special orders.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the subject
before the Senate is of very great importance
and interest. The time for its debate is lim-
ited, and there are many more members of the
Senate desirous to discuss the subject than can
speak within the time by which the Senate
must be brought to vote on the bill. I there-
fore, in consideration of that state of fact, and
of the strong desire of several members of the
Senate to make speethes on this subject,waive
my right to the floor, to give place to any gen-
tleman who chooses to take possession of it.
Mr. FOWLER addressed the Senate. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I do not
propose to discuss this question or the con-
nected questions at any length for several
reasons: first, because I have not much to
say ; next, because I have not much confidence
that what I have to say is worth saying; and
next,because there are several Senators who
wish to speak on this question to-day.
Mr. President, when the war ended, and
this question which is met by the reconstruc-
tion of the southern States was presented to
Congress and to the country, there was such a
problem presented as had never been, perhaps,
before presented to a Government in the his-
tory of the world. There is not to be found a
question fraught with so many difficulties to the
government of a country, involving so many
diverse and conflicting interests, as this ques-
tion of reconstruction. The country was nat-
urally and properly distrustful of the power
of the governing class of the South, of the
while people. They might have placed con-
fidence in them and reconstructed by putting
the Government back into their hands, and
there might have been peace upon such condi-
tions at the South; but it would have been
peace at the sacrifice, if not of the liberties,
of every other right that was dearto the newly
enfranchised citizens of the South. It would
have been at the sacrificeof every right which
made life and liberty desirable to the colored
people of the South who had been liberated
by the national Government. Hence to the
Government and to the country was presented
the difficult problem of establishing a govern-
ment there which should alike protect the
rights of all.
The solution which was made of that ques-
tion is, in my judgment, the only one that could
have been justly made. It was the wisest one
that could have been made. That was to rest
the governments there upon the broad prin-
ciple where all governments should rest, that
is, upon the consent of the governed, and of
all the governed. When the Congress came
to act upon this great question, and pushed
aside all the difficulties which seemed to be in
the way, and relied upon the correctness, the
justice, and the truth of the great principle
that all men are free and equal and entitled
to equal rights in a government of which they
form a part, they reached the wisest and the
safest conclusion of the whole question which
was possible ; and I think that all the events
since, unfortunate as some of them have been,
have vindicated the wisdom, the justice, and
the statesmanship of that action.
The problem was to give good government
to these southern States, protecting alike all
classes of their people. That could only be
reached with certainty by giving to each one
of the citizens there, whatever their character
or condition, the right to a share in the gov-
ernment, the right to the ballot. That this
settlement of the question, thus elevating into
political equality an element of the population
who had been slaveS of the dominant white
population, was to array prejudice, hostility,
and animosity was naturally to have been
cxpected.
Mr. President, we have now in this Georgia
question but the last phase of the general
question, how to give to the people of Georgia
of all classes and conditions a government;
how to give them security in the enjoyment of
all their rights and privileges; how to make
life and property secure everywhere in that
State to all classes of her citizens. That is the
problem which is presented to us here; and in
the case of Georgia it is fraught with some
peculiar difficulties. In my judgment, the main
cause of the peculiar difficulties in Georgia is
owing to the tact that the friends of reconstruc-
tion, the leaders of the Republican party, have
not themselves been true to the principles which
underlie the policy of reconstruction. The
anomalous and unfortunate condition of Geor-
gia is owing in part, in my judgment, to the
fact that the leaders of reconstruction there
paltered with the people in a double sense in
the matter of the adoption of their constitution.
Instead of making a constitution which was
clear and unequivocal, giving equality of rights
both as to the franchise and as to holding office
to all her people, white and black, they made
a constitution which admitted of a double con-
struction, and which they themselves construed
both ways. They went before the people of Geor-
gia soliciting their votes for that constitution and
many of their leaders with the express declara-
tion that it did not include the right of negioes
to hold office, and they got thousands of votes
for it upon that ground, making a great mis-
take, as I think, and as the sequel has proven ;
and when the rebels in the Legislature of
Georgia moved to turn out the colored mem-
bers of that Legislature they but took a pan
of the Republican leaders of that State at their
word, and adopted the very interpretation of
the constitution which they themselves had put
upon it in the canvass before the people, in-
stead of planting themselves squarely and
unequivocally upon the great doctrine of the
equality of rights in all respects and in all re-
gards, they took this doubtful, this paltering,
this equivocal position, and they have since
reaped its bitter fruits.
But, Mr. President, I have heard a good deal
said here about the failure of reconstruction.
It has been repeatedly sa.d that reconstruction
is a failure. Mr. President, I think I am some-
what familiar with the whole course of recon-
struction in the South, and I undertake to give
it as my judgment that instead of having been
a failure the history of the world affords no
example of an equal success. You may search
the annals of the world, from the beginning
down to the present time, and you cannot find
an instance where so great a revolution has
been wrought, where all the institutions and
habits and customs of a people have been so
completely overturned, where so many people
have been elevated to their just rights, where
so mighty a revolution in the cause of human
rights, where so great a work has been done in
the direction of humanity and of equal "rights
as has been done in the South and with equal
success.
While there are many things to deplore in
the condition there, while the success has not
been as complete and ample as every patriot
and every Christian might wish, while there are
many things to be corrected, while the temper
of the people is different from what you and I
would like to have it in many respects, yet I
say that upon the whole there is cause for
gratulation in the mind of every patriot and
every friend of liberty and of humanity. When
you look over the whole field and see that with
so great a degree of peace and safety govern-
ments have been founded there, which I regard
as stable and permanent and resting on the
will of a majority of the people—governments
which are more liberal, more catholic, more
complete in their defense and mairUenance of
human rights than those of most of the northern
States of the Union—I say when we look at
this fact we see abundant reason to declare
that reconstruction has been a success and
not a failure.
And we see it farther in the general con-
dition of the South under these new govern-
ments ; we see it in the condition of the negro
himself at the South. We have often been
met with the statement that with freedom and
the ballot the negro must sink and soon go
out of existence. Now, I should like to sub-
mit to the Senate a little testimony upon this
question from a Democratic—yes, from what I
might call a rebel source, as to the condition
of the negro. It will be entitled to perhaps
more weight as coming from one who himself
says he was "educated to disesteem the negro,
although he had a compassion for him, and
expected to see the misfortune and inevitable
decline of the negro from the moment his
emancipation was declared." I will send to
the Clerk's desk and ask to have read a few
paragraphs from the testimony of Mr. E. A.
Pollard, in an article in Lippincott's Magazine
for April, in regard to the condition and pros-
pects of the colored people of the South.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"Tt is that this singularly questionable creature
has shown a capacity tor education that has aston-
ished none more than his former masters; that he
has given proofs of good citizenship which are con-
stantly increasing ; that his development since eman-
cipation is a standing surprise to candid observers
among the southern white themselves; that his con-
dition since then has been on the whole that of pro-
gress, and in the tace of difficulties that would soon
have tested and broken down that progret-s had it
been factitious or dishonest; and that, so far troai
being a stat ionary barbarian or a hopeless retrograde,
the formerly despised black man promises to become
a true loliowcr ot the highest civilization, a new
object of interest to the woild, and an exemplary
citizen of the South." <••* «.
The negro has been seen to accept his great and
sudden gift of liberty with a sobriety and a modera-
tion that history will be surprised to record, since it
is without example, so far as I know, of a people thus
surprised by a change of condition as radical as can
be possibly imagined, whose fortune did not hurry
them into some excesses. What of promise there
was in the negro was immediately shown when he
accepted without violence, and even without vanity,
tne git tot his Ireedoni; going uao his new place with
a facility of adaptation at which wo have nor. yet
ceased to "wonder, taking up with quiet thankfulness
his new career, and even so little disturbed by the
conceitot his ne\y condition lliatto-dayit istheeom-
nion testimony in the South that the white people
sutler no more irom the insolence of tile blacks than
( they did in the d;i}s of slavery. History owe- hero
i an extraordinary tribute to tht. negro for his conduct
