3754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
it phull appear that the sole question touching the
title to such office arises out of the denial of the
right to vote to citizens who so offered to vote, on
account of race, color, or previous condition of ser-
vitude, such suit or proceeding may be instituted in
the circuit or district court of the United States of
the circuit or district in which such person resides;
and said circuit or district court shall have concur-
rently with the State courts jurisdiction thereof so
far as to determine the right of the parties to such
oflicc by reason of the denial of the right guaran-
tied by the fifteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, and secured by
this act.
That is, it carries oat the design of the sec-
tion, as it was adopted by the Senate, precisely,
but in a little more guarded language, narrow-
ing it down to the particular issue to give effect
to the fifteenth amendment, allowing the voter
not only the right to vote, but the right to have
his vote counted and to be made effective.
These are all the amendments. They do
not change any of the essential features of the
bili as it passed the Senate, but make it a little
more harmonious, and carry out the design of
the Senate precisely in the bill passed by them.
Mr. STOCKTON. I now move that the
report be laid on the table and printed; and
I desire simply to say one word in that con-
nection. Being on the conference committee
I did not sign the report. It is proper for me to
call the attention of the Senate, on this motion,
to the fact that whole sections have been intro-
duced which have never been before the Sen-
ate heretofore. I suppose, perhaps, one third
of the bill as it now stands—I may be in error
in the calculation—but. a very large proportion
of the bill, I think three new sections, have
been introduced that have never beea before
the Senate hitherto.
Although I could not sign the report because
I disapproved of the bill itself and in very seri-
ous particulars of many of the amendments, yet
my Ttnpression is, as I was going to say, that
the bill is better than it left the Senate ; but it
would, perhaps, be a little more proper for me
to say that it is not Quite so bad. But certainly
in regard to a bill of this importance, involv-
ing great constitutional questions, as it cer-
tainly does, and in some respects new consti-
tutional questions, we should be allowed to
see it in print and know what the changes are
before we vote upon it.
Mr. President, recollect that this bill was
hurried through the Senate at a prolonged
night session ; that it was asserted on the floor
in the middle of that night that Senators voting
for that bill did not know what it was ; that
a bill which came from the Committee on the
Judiciary, a bill to enforce the fifteenth amend-
ment, became a bill to enforce the fourteenth
and fifteenth amendments and with something
about Chinese immigration, and also a bill for
the military possession of the election polls.
The circumstance which has been stated by
the Senator from Nevada, that the section
giving the President the right to take military
possession of the polls has been so altered by
the committee of conference as only to per-
mit him to do so in pursuance of legal pro-
cess, shows the importance of consideration
and deliberation.
I rose simply to call attention to what the
Senator from Nevada had said in explanation
of the important and serious questions involved,
and to suggest that we should be permitted
to see in print a bill of this serious and grave
import before it is finally passed. I am sure
in a matter of so much importance this is very
little to ask of the courtesy of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask my friend from
New Jersey to withdraw his motion for a
moment, aud I will renew it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from New Jersey
to move to lay the report on the table?
Mr. STOCKTON. I did make that motion
with a motion to print; and I ask the Chair
■whether that combined motion is debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
debatable. The Chair would have interrupted
the Senator from New Jersey ; but he treated
what he said as simply an indication of his
intention to move to lay the report on the table.
Mr. STOCKTON. I did intend to move it;
but I withdraw the motion in order that the
Senator from Ohio may be heard.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not propose to
repeat what has been so well said by my friend
from New Jersey; but I understand that the .
Senator who made the report from the coin- j
mittee of conference said something about an i
election to take place in Virginia the day after |
to-morrow as a reason for passing this bill at
once. I was out of the Senate at the time,
and I will thank him if he will restate what he
said on the subject. |
Mr. STEWART. Certainly; there will be
an election there the day after to-morrow, and
I am very anxious they should have a fair elec-
tion. It is important to pass this bill in order
to enable them to have it. !
Mr. THURMAN. Now, Mr. President, let !
us see what this is to be; but first I will ask
further what election is that?
Mr. STEWART. A municipal election.
Mr. THURMAN. Where?
Mr. STEWART. In Richmond.
Mr. THURMAN. Richmond alone?
Mr. MORTON. No; all over the State.
Mr. SUMNER. All over Virginia.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, of all the reasons
in the world that is the best reason why this
bill should not be passed. There is no Senator
who will get up on the floor and assert that
he expects this bill to be known in perhaps a
county in Virginia if it passes this day, at the
time the election takes place. In no one town-
ship of Virginia will any judge of election or
any individual have the text of this bill to
guide his action, and yet this bill which is to
take effect immediately is to punish men with
imprisonment in the penitentiary as well as
fine, and I believe in one instance with disqual-
ification to hold office, when not one man in
the whole State of Virginia will know what the
bill is. I submit if it is proper to do that. I
ask Senators how they could defend themselves
if thej were to do that.
"Welisve in the State of Ohio, an# we have
in several other States, a constitutional pro-
vision that laws shall not take effect until a
certain time after they are passed, in order to
give full opportunity for the people to know
what the law is. That is the law even in the
empire of France, that a law shall not take
effect until.it has been notified. It takes effect
in Paris before it takes effect in Lyons, because
it is notified in Paris before it is notified in
Lyons; but it takes effect in no single arron-
dissement in all France until it has been noti-
fied there, as it is called in the language of the
French law. It takes effect nowhere until the
local authorities have received an official copy
from the Government and been notified of the
existence of the law, in order that the people
may not be entrapped into a violation of the
law.
That principle, which is adopted in an em-
pire, an empire as despotic as that of France,
is proposed to be overridden here in a repub-
lican Government, and the people all over a
State are to be subjected to fine and imprison-
ment in the penitentiary for a violation of a
law of which they have no more knowledge
than they have of the laws of China. I ask
the Senate if it can, with any sort of self-
respect, with any sort of regard for justice,
make this the law of the land to-day ?
Now, sir, here is even a greater reason than
that suggested by my friend from New Jersey;
but surely that ought to be enough. Surely this
Senate ought not, under the idea of affecting
a set of municipal elections, wholly municipal
elections, throughout the State of Virginia 
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator, if we passed this bill on any other
day, he has reason to believe that no munici-
pal election would occur somewhere else on
the following day? Does not the same objec-
tion obtain with regard to passing it on any
day in the year? Do you know the clays of
the municipal elections of all the cities and
towns in this country? And do not the people
j of Virginia know that the things which are
: forbidden in this bill are wrong in themselves?
Mr. THURMAN. Why, what a question
; that is to put 1 Do they not know that these
I things are wrong in themselves? There are a
i great many things wrong in themselves that, are
! not punishable by the criminal law. There is
a world of things that are wrong in themselves
that the criminal lawdoesnot'takehold of; and
the gentleman might just as well say that we
I should pas3 a law here to-day to make it pun-
ishable for a man to kiss his wife on Sunday,
| for thatwasonce considered wrong. [Laughter.]
{ Certainly it is wrong to kiss another man's
i wife, and he therefore might make it a peni-
! tentiary offense to kiss another man's wife,
j and make it the law to-day on the ground that
i everybody knows that it is wrong to do that
1 thing!
Mr. DRAKE. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from Ohio a question for information.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to know where
in the world it ever was made unlawful for a
man to kiss his wife on Sunday. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. In the blue laws of Con-
necticut. My friend ought to know that, and
men were punished for it.
Mr. DRAKE. Has the Senator from Ohio
ever seen a certified copy of that law?
Mr. THURMAN. 1 have seen what is con-
sidered a historical copy. I have never seen
a copy certified under the seal of the secretary
of State.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to see a certi-
fied copy of it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator can see
it in the Congressional Library. 1 have a copy
of it in my library.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Mis-
souri, with all his learning, has not seen all
the laws which are or have been in force.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I think the Senator
from Ohio would want a certificate of the char-
acter of one Sam Peters, who wrote that his-
tory.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not intend to get
up any difficulty on that subject. I will take
that illustration back, if my friend from Con-
necticut, for whom I have the highest respect,
says that the history is wrong. I have seen a
copy of the law. You have got it in your Con-
fressional Library. There I first saw it; there
first read it.
But if that is not so, we know very well that
there are a great many things morally wrong
which the law does not make criminal; and it
will not do, therefore, to say that the thing
forbidden is morally wrong. There are things
punished in this bill that are not morally wrong,
perhaps it will be found on examination; but
at all events the people of the country are en-
titled to know what the law is. For more than
two thousand years the names of certain Ro-
man law-makers have been infamous in the
world because they caused the laws to be hung
up on columns so high that the people could
not read them, and they violated the law with-
out knowing what the law was. For more than
two thousand years that has been an example
of infamy in the history of the world. And
now it is proposed that here, in the nineteenth
century, the Senate of the United States shall
hurry a bill through in order that the people
in a State who are to hold an election the day
after to-morrow may be convicted under a law
of which they can by no possibility have any
knowledge whatsoever. Why, sir, that is the
last reason that ought to be given in the Ameri-
can Senate for passing such a law.
Now, I ask as a simple matter of justice that
these proposed amendments may be printed,
that we may know what they are, that we may
