1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2811
on an occasion so trying. He has accepted his lib-
erty with a self-possession, a decorum, and a lacility
that some of the most cultivated and polite nations
mignt envy in a.n emergency wheresuch good fortune
had. been imposed upon them. The promise which
he has given in conduct so wis® and moderate I
believe he is now fulfilling by his steady improve-
mAnLin 93? ne^ condition, and that, too, in the face
oi difficulties which haveput his capacities of devel-
oping himself to the severest test. In short, the
negio in the South is fulfilling the expectations of
ins mends ; surprising those who, wishing him well,
had yet pitifully distrusted him in his new career,
and giving the very best answers to his detractors in
those quiot proofs of progress which raako but little
noise oi seli-assertion, but against which no misrep-
resentation, no matter how violent and persistent,
can long prevail." * <  = * + *
-But I do say that notwithstanding his disadvan-
tages ot nature and all other disadvantages—and tliey
are many—the negro has shown since his emancipa-
tion an industry that is extraordinary; that is con-
stantly, daily increasing, both in volume and disci-
pline; that has supplied him with comforts that he
never knew before; that has enabled him to build
churches and to found charitable institutions of his
?wnj that has kept him better domed than he was
in his former condition, and that exhibits its results
to-dny in the vast bulk of the agricultural pioducts
of the South." ****** *
"The fact is, both of these hypotheses—that of the
dccline ot the negro in industry and that of his dis-
appearance through death and disease—are false, and
an example of those inconsistencies and absurdities
into which men iall who are anxious, from incom-
plete observation or irom the haste of prejudice, to
construct theories without attention to the great
facts which underlie the details and limit the area of
speculation." * * •• * * < *
" la the town of Lynchburg, "Virginia, the negroes
have built out of contributions anion? themselves a
Methodist church which cost $13,000. The writer was
present when their house of worship was dedicated;
there was a congregation^ of about two thousand
colorcd people, and it was inexpressibly touching to
notice what neatness of attire they had all struggled
to attain, and what a fine, hopeful appearanco they
presented, not even one of the little children of the
Sunday school (who, by the way, sung Irom their
printed hymn-books) putting in a diaggled appear-
ance." * t •> * a * * .<• f.
" It is found on close observation that, excepting
the offense of larceny, which is very frequent among
the negroes, they arc singularly tree irom crime;
and 1 venture the proposition that, throwing out
this particular crime, which is exceptional, and the
pievalence of which may be traced directly to the
demoralization of slavery, there is really less law-
lessness among thenegroes of the South thanamong
an equal number of whites, and much less, to make
the comparison just, than among an equal number
of whites of the same grade of education and of for-
tune." - * - * "In many respects he
exhibits a cleaner bill of moral health than his white
neighbor, lie U peaceful, remarkably free from
ollcnses of violence and disorder."
Mr. WARNER. As to the feeling at the
South toward the negro, he says:
"Happily there is but little disposition now in the
North to recriminate about slavery, while in the
South there is steadily growing a deeper and more
humane interest 111 the negro, and a disposition to
give him fair play."
Of the negro-haters at the South lie very
justly remarks:
"The white man in the South who would insult
the negro, to whom he is still a 'nigger5—who
would have black and white justice in the courts,
and who would make a cowardly reflection upon the
black man for what he has lost in the war—is a dirty
enemy."
This testimony is important as to the condi-
tion of the colored people of the South as com-
ing from Mr. E. A. Pollard, whose antecedents
and position are well known to the country,
and whose prejudices certainly were all against
the negro, and who began at the end of the
war by regarding him from the stand-point of
his old masters. These are the careful con-
clusions of Mr. Pollard j and everyone who is
familiar with the condition of things in the
South will agree that the negro in his new con-
dition gives promise of all that Mr. Pollard
claims for him.
Wo were met at the end of the war by the
statement that free negroes would not work.
The answer we have to make to that allegation
is that last year we made with free labor three
million bales of cotton, and this with all the
disorganization, disadvantages, and poverty
there was at the South. This was within less
than two million bales of the highest crop ever
made in the country; and I have no doubt that
next year, with an equally good season, we
shall add, these same enfranchised negroes in
the main will add five hundred thousand bales
to that. My friend from South Carolina [Mr,
Robertson] says we will add a million. Per-
haps we shall. But I have no doubt of this
fact, that within the next five or six years, if
the price of cotton shall remain anywhere in
the neighborhood of the present figure, this
free, reconstructed labor at the South will pro-
duce niore cotton than ever was made before
in this country. There never was a greater
fallacy in the world than the idea that a man
to be valuable as a laborer must be a slave.
Why, Mr. President, the slave who was worth
$1,000 to his master is worth double (hat
amount to himself and to his country ; and we
shall see, as we are alreadyseeing in the mate-
rial prosperity of the South, evidences of the
wisdom, notonly of the liberation oftheslaves,
but of their enfranchisement. The effect of
their enjoyment of political rights, of their
being made the political equals of all other
men, has been to give them a hope and a self-
respect and a character which gives promise
of the very happiest results in the future.
Mr. President, as evidence of the prosperity
of the South under this condition of reconstruc-
tion I may mention the fact that the South
has retained since the war more" than one hun-
dred million dollars-of the currency which has
been sent there to buy her products; that
$100,000,000 represents her prolit, the gain
which she has made upon her products. She
has paid for all she has had to buy from the
rest of the world, and has retained in the pock-
ets of her citizens $100,000,000 of money.
This is in addition to all the improvements that
have been made, the improvements of houses,
of barns, of plantations, of churches, of rail-
roads, of bridges, and the many other kinds
of improvement.
Another evidence of the quickening mind of
the South under this system of reconstruction
is shown in the records of the Patent Office.
Before the war, in the Department of Agricul-
ture, the inventions from the South were only
two and a half per cent, of the whole number
of inventions in the country. Only two and
a half per cent, was the proportion in 1859.
In 1809 they were twenty-three per cent.
Among the patents issued we find last year
foity-six to Alabama ; Arkansas, eleven ; Flor-
ida, five; Georgia, sixty-eight; Louisiana,
eighty-six; Mississippi, fifty-three ; North Car-
olina, forty-four ; Tennessee, sixty-nine ; Tex-
as, forty-four; Virginia, eighty-six ; West Vir-
ginia, thirty-seven.
Mr. President, I noticed the other day that
there were lying at Columbus two acres of
freights going into the southern country;
freights which had accumulated, and which the
railroads were unable to transport, freights
which the southern reconstructed people had
the money to pay for ; and now the Columbus,
Mobile, and Ohio company is preparing to put
three hundred additional cars upon the road to
accommodate the business which is going over
it; and I saw the other day that when the Savan-
nah steamer left her wharf in the city of New
York there were four squares blocked up with
drays waiting to put freight on board of her
when she ceased receiving freight. I saw that
the same thing was true when the Charleston
steamer left her dock in the city of New York.
At twelve o'clock she stopped receiving freight,
and the streets for four squares back were
blocked with drays loaded with freight. Trade
in increasing volume is running in its old
channels.
These are but indications of what is true all
over the South. They are the fruits of this
policy of reconstruction in this which has bot-
tomed the institutions of the South upon a basis
from which they can never be moved, and which
needs no further reconstruction.
We see again the evidence of the prosperity
and general good condition of the South in the
price of her securities. I see that in the money
markets of the country, at New York, the bonds
of the State of Alabama are selling at, 98,
Georgia at 03, Louisiana at 75, and South
Carolina at 90. Nothing is more sensitive than
the money market, and there is no surer index
of the judgment of cautious men as to pros-
perity and promise and stability of a Govern-
ment than the price of the securities of a-State
or country in the money markets of the world.
Again, look at the fact that there are now
building in Alabama alone more than one
thousand miles of railroad.
But I must hurry through with what I have
to say. There are two moans within our reach
of giving peace and quiet to the southern coun-
try ; they are power and kindness. These
rebels, after all, with all their faults, are human
beings, and are subject to the same laws and
the same influences that govern other men.
They may have been and they were bitter;
but they can no more resist the power of kind-
ness, of generosity, of liberality, than can we.
No human heart can resist it; and we have the
element of power to repress crime and compel
obedience to the law. He who would use either
one of these means without the other would
make a mistake; the true policy is in com-
bining the two. Upon the one hand we should
extend to the southern country the kindliest
recognition; we should aid them by kindly
legislation in every interest which they have;
we should make them feel the fostering and
the helping hand of the General Government.
We should make them feel by liberal legisla-
tion in aid of their material interests, and also
in reference to their political rights, that we
regard them as a common part of our coun-
try; that we have the same affection for the
South I hat we have for the North, or for the
East, or for the West; that we feel that it is a
part of our common country. This is a most
powerful agency;. it is an agency which,
although it is silent, is as powerful and as
beneficent as the dews of heaven. No human
heart canresist it; and while the leaders of
the rebellion may seek to inflame their people,
if you make them feel the kindly hand of the
General Government, if you make them feel
its blessings in liberal, kindly legislation
toward them, in building their railroads, in
digging out their harbors, in fostering their
manufactures, you may gain power for good,
for peace, for settlement, and for good-will
which is irresistible.
If you will do but this, and if, upon the other
hand, you will use whatever power there may
be in the General Government to protect life
and property and to sustain law and order,
you will have accomplished the result which
we so much seek. And in this matter let nie
say that the problem just now at the South is
this: how to bring to bear the power of the
Genera) Government, through its military arm,
to take cognizance of crime in localities where
a hostile public sentiment makes the civil law
inoperative or powerless. If we can arrive at
a constitutional way of doing that the result
of giving quiet and peace to the South will have
been achieved.
Now, the political problem at the South is
this: the Union or Republican party of the
South must draw to its ranks an additional ele-
ment of the old white population in order to
its permanent maintenance. They are needed
to sustain the colored friends of the Union and
to give good government. That element must
come mainly from the ranks of the old Whigs
and Douglas men. Those men were in the
main Union men ; they are in the main Union
men to-day ; their sympathies are with the Gov-
ernment ; theirsympathies are in a large degree
with the general policy of reconstruction, and
the problem at the South, as every intelligent
man conversant with the condition of affairs
there will admit, is to bring thateloment, of the
white people of the South, which has yet taken
no very active part, into the ranks of the lie-
publican party, where they are in the main dis-
posed to come. To do thatit is not necessary
to modify in the slightest degree our policy of
reconstruction or to abate in any respect the
length or breadth of the principle of political
equality and equal rights to all, The only thing
