1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sist and how they shall be apportioned all the
facts which the census can afford you, and for
that reason, as a matter of sound public policy,
it is wise to defer the apportionment until the
census shall be taken.
. Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to call
■the attention of the House for a few minutes
to one or two points connected with this bill.
I may be excused, perhaps,- for having an inter-
est for my State in delaying the new apportion-
ment since gentlemen who represent the larger
and more growing West are urging an imme-
diate and new apportionment. This interest
grows out of my locality. The State which I
represent here in part will certainly have no
increase of representation under the next ap-
portionment. In my judgment, if a House of
two hundred and seventy-five members should
be determined on it would lose one Represent-
ative, as would some other NewEnglandStates,
while it might hold its representation if a
House of three hundred members were agreed
upon.
But it seems to me_, sir, that it is possible that
this question of the immediate interest of any
State in an apportionment is one that we may
properly put aside for a moment in consider-
ing whether it is right under the Constitution
and under the practice of the Government to
make a new apportionment now. If we could
divest ourselves for a moment from the feeling
that perhaps we all have on this question one
way or the other, and look at this as a naked,
independent proposition to commit the appor-
tionment of the members of this House to the
Secretary of the Interior, in my judgment such
a proposition would receive but very little sup-
port in the mind of any gentleman present.
The number of the members of this House and
the apportionment, of that number among the
several States of the Union is certainly one of
the most important matters which this House
can consider, and if there is any question which
this House is called upon in self-respect and to
maintain its own dignity, to keep in its own
hands, it is that question of how many mem-
bers this House shall consist, and to what
States those members shall be apportioned.
Yesterday, in making some inquiries of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. McCrary,] who
was addressing the House in support of this
measure, 1 took occasion to call his attention
to the particular phraseology of the Constitu-
tion, and I think that his answer at that time
did not meet fully the point which I desired to
present to the House; that is, that the appor-
tionment among the several States of the Rep-
resentatives in this House shall be made by
Congress itself, and not by a secretary or clerk.
I know it may be said that this Congress
may delegate that authority, may delegate that
work to anybody; that is, may authorize the
Clerk of the House, if it is willing to trust
him with the work, to make the apportion-
ment. But it seems to me fhat when they do
that they do not do what the Constitution
contemplates shall be done in making the ap-
portionment of Representatives among the
several States. If the making the apportion-
ment is a legislative act it certainly cannot be
delegated to any one outside of Congress; it
cannot be delegated to the President of the
United States; it cannot be delegated to the
Secretary of any one of the Departments of
the Government; it cannot be delegated to
any individual. And taking into account the
phraseology of the Constitution, is it not a
very violent interpretation of it to say that the
Congress can rightfully delegate that work to
any officer of the Government?
And there are, besides all this, very grave
objections growing out of the propriety and
expediency and policy of delegating this work
to any body other than Congress. Many of
these objections, perhaps the most of them,
have been very forcibly stated by the geutle-
man from Massachusetts who has just ad-
dressed the House, [Mr. Hoar.] Grave ques-
tions, aside from the question of the partic-
ular number of Representatives that shall be
given to each State, will arise under this ap-
portionment, which questions Congress itself
is the only proper body to determine.
Take the questions that may arise under the
proposition to which the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] briefly called the attention
of the House, the amendment to which he
said he did not know that he had any objection;
the amendment which proposes that in the
distribution among the States of members for
fractions of quotas regard shall be had to the
number of Representatives to which the State
may be entitled as well as to the size of the
fraction. Now, sir, that is a question which
Congress ought to retain the full control over;
the question whether it will deem it equitable
and just, all things considered, to give an ad-
ditional Representative to Rhode Island, for
instance, provided the fraction which that State
has is not so large as the fraction which there
might be over in the State of New York;
whether they will in such a case give an addi-
tional Representative to Nebraska, or Nevada,
or Florida, or to any other State which has but
one or two Representatives on this floor ; this
is a matter of fact and of justice which has
addressed itself so far to the equitable consid-
eration of this House in former times that
when this work has been committed to the
Secretary of the Interior in part, as it was
done formerly, still Congress has taken occa-
sion, upon the matter coming before them for
revision, to reapportion these Representatives
to a certain extent; and I think some six or
eight Representatives in the present House
were distributed among those States which had
suffered by this distribution of the members to
which the States would be entitled in conse-
quence of the fractions of quotas.
Now, it is clear to my mind that this question
is one which this House ought to retain the
control over, in order that in this reapportion-
ment, this redistribution, this readjustment no
injustice of that sort is done to any State in
the Union; and we cannot do that fairly, in
my judgment, unless we retain the whole matter
before us; unless we keep within our hands all
this apportionment.
But, as I said at the outset, it occurs to mo
that this question never would be presented to
us ; that it never would be urged here that the
Secretary of the Interior or any other officer of
this Government should make this apportion-
ment unless the exigencies of the ease presented
here by the gentlemen who have urged this
measure seemed to require it. They see that
in no other way except by giving this work to
a clerk can it be done in season to accomplish
their purpose.
They quote as a precedent for that proposi-
tion a law passed in 1850. I am aware that
in its terms that law has some similarity to the
bill now under consideration. But it must be
borne in mind, and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hoar] called the attention of
the House to the fact, that that apportionment
was practically submitted to Congress for its
ratification. Congress had two sessions at
least after that apportionment was made in
which to make any alterations, modifications,
or corrections which they thought were de-
manded by justice and equity. When that law
was passed Congress did not put the matter
out of its hands or beyond its reach. So that
apportionment was in that respect, and that is
a very important difference, entirely different
from the one under consideration.
As I do not wish to detain the House much
longer I will call the attention of gentlemen
briefly to some considerations affecting the
number of Representatives, and to urge these
as a reason why the House should not fix the
number until they know the amount of the
population and the localities in which that
population is distributed.
Now 1 am not opposed to an increase of the
number of Representatives on this floor. In
fact, although we call ourselves a popular
Government, and call this branch of Congress
the popular branch of our national Legislature,-
it is, in the ordinary acceptation of that term,
less popular, less democratic than similar
branches of legislative bodies in any country
that has a representative Legislature. I have
taken some pains to examine statistics of the
population and number of square miles .which
are entitled to representation in the popular
branch of the Legislatures of different co un tides;
in the popular braneh, I repeat, if that expres-
sion is a proper one to be used when speaking
of the various legislative bodies in England
and on the continent of Europe.
The House of Commons consists of 661
members. The population of England and
Wales, Scotland and Ireland, is somewhere in
the neighborhood of thirty millions, and the
voting population of Great Britain is much
less in proportion to the entire population than
is the voting population in the United States.
And still Great Britain ha$ to-day in the pop-
ular branch of its Legislature, in the House
of Commons, a representative for every 40,000
of its population, and a representative for every
115 square miles of the territory of England
and Wales. Scotland has a representative for
every 57,300 of its population and for every
600 square miles of its territory. Ireland has
a representative for every 55,000 of its popula-
tion and for every 300 square miles of its terri-
tory.
In the United States, under the proposed
bill fixing the number of Representatives at
S00 there will be 1 Representative to about
130,000 population, and one to something over
10,000 square miles of territory in the States
represented ; and even in the most densely-
populated States the representation will-be
not larger than 1 member to 500 square miles
of territory.
As I was saying, in respect to the represent-
ation in the House of Commons, it must be
borne in mind that the voting population in
Great Britain is very much less in proportion
to the actual population than the voting popu-
lation of this country. Thus we see that the
English House of Commons, if we look upon
it as a popular branch of the British Govern-
ment, is very much more a popular branch,
comes more directly from the people, and
represents more immediately the interests of
the people than does this House of Represent-
atives. Because, sir, with 30,000,000 of pop-
ulation—the number which we had under
the old census—and with an area which gives
in the densest population, 600 square miles
for every Representative, we have but 243
Representatives on this floor, and no one has
yet proposed to increase his number beyond
300.
I know it is sometimes said—the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Hale] urged it in -bis
remarks yesterday—that this body is quite too
large, that it would be better if we should cut
down the number of our representative body
rather than increase its size. But we should
bear in mind that the nearer we bring the
Representative to the people he represents
the more intimate we can make his relations
with the people, the more he knows of the
people, and the more the people know of him,
the better representative he is of his constitu-
ents. And if we mean to have this House
represent the people of this country, if we
mean to have the interests of the people of
this country properly cared for and protected,
we certainly must enlarge the numbers of this
House to accommodate it to the growing, the
vastly increasing interests and population of
the country. I would sooner to-aay vote to
increase the number of Representatives to six
hundred than to cut it down by the reduction
of a single member.
Why, sir, only a little while ago I saw a dis-
cussion in respect to the representation in the
State Legislatures of New York and Illinois ;
and it was urged—I think with great force that
the popular body, the house of representatives
