1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3755
compare, that with the original bill. We can-
not <10 that unless we have them 011 our tables
"ntl an opportunity to compare that with
v 1. > as U P*88®1* the Senate. Then we
8 1 «• ow we Rre to vote upon.
If no one wishes to speak on the subject I
shall move to lay the report on the table, and
that u l>e printed : but if any one desires to
°f course, having made a speech my-
•i  8haU no' make that motion now, but
will make it at the proper time.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I find very
Tew occasions when I can agree with the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio who has just taken his
seat; but on this occasion I do agree with him-
Mr. THURMAN. Thank you.
Mr. DRAKE. For a wonderful thing, that
senator is right for once. [Laughter.] I do
not think we ought to hurry a bill of this kind
through, that is to go into operation perhaps
on the very day of that election, with a view
to make it operative on that election. I think
the Senator from Ohio is right; I think we
ought to take the bill deliberately.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do notthink it is worth
while to get into any great excitement on this
particular point. Every law tftat we have
passed this session and the last session, and
for the last forty years, except occasionally a
tariff law, has gone into effect on its passage,
and a great many of those laws have had crim-
inal sections; just as the English Parliament
baa always passed laws, and nobody has ever
stopped hitherto with a view to see whether or
not any instance would arise on the next day
to which the law might or might not apply. It
has always been found in practice that if any-
body has been convicted under a law of which
he was ignorant, on account of its recent pas-
sage, he is immediately pardoned. There is
a provision for all such cases, which has been
found in practice in all civilized countries to
be perfectly adequate. Therefore, unless we
intend to make an exception in this particular
case from all other laws, there is no reason
why we should go fast or slow, particularly
slow, in respect to disposing of a subject that
has been ander debate here for weeks, and
which is now again presented to the Senate in
substantially the same form as before.
Mr. WII>LIAMS. I wish to state one rea-
son, similar to the one that has been stated by
the Senator from Nevada, for the immediate
passage of this bill. On the 6th day of June
an election occurs in the State of Oregon for
all State officers and members of the Legisla-
ture. It is not at all probable that the passage
of this bill will be delayed in any possible way
until after that date ; and to enable the people
of the State of Oregon to become acquainted
with the provisions of this law, so that they
may be governed by it on that day, I think it
is necessary that this bill should be passed at
once so that they can be advised of its pro-
visions. Otherwise, they will act in ignorance
of the provisions and requirements of this law,
if its passage and its publication be delayed
for several days, as proposed by the Senator
from Ohio.
This bill was subjected to some criticisms by
me when it was before the Senate. I have
examined the amendments that have been
made by the committee of conference, and this
report has remedied to a very great extent, if
not altogether, the objections which I made to
two different provisions of the bill. It is not
difficult to see, as stated by the Senator from
New Jersey, that the bill has been improved
by the action of the conference committee. It
has been made more harmonious in its parts ;
it has been made less objectionable in some of
its features ; and therefore there can be no
reason, as it appears-to me, why the bill should
be laid on the table and printed. It isa better
bill than it was when it passed the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
is not susceptible of amendment, as I under-
stand ; so ^at if it be laid on the table and
printed what advantage will resultto anybody?
These honorable Senators have a better bill
now by the action of this conference committee
than they had before. It is a bill not suscept-
ible of amendment. Everything has been said
against the bill, it seems to me, that can be
said ; and therefore there is no particular rea-
son why it should be postponed. I think we
ought to proceed in the usual way in reference
to this bill. Elections are occurring in all parts
of the country at different times, and we can-
not act with particular reference to an election
in one place or an election in another place.
Let us adopt the usual course in reference to
this bill, and it will operate as other bills do
that take effect upon their passage, it will work
an inconvenience perhaps to some persons in
some localities, just like other bills we pass, but
generally its effect will be good and beneficial.
Mr. STOCKTON. I stated, as the Senator
from Oregon correctly says, that I thought this
bill had been improved by the conference com-
mittee ; but it does not seem to me that the
fact that in my judgment it has been improved
should be a reason why the Senate should not
have it printed, when 1 also asserted, as I did,
that large portions of new matter are inserted,
attempting to reach new difficulties in the way
of the proper enforcement of the fifteenth
amendment.
For example, the report reads:
In line nineteen, after the word "shall," insert
the word " wrongfully."
The Senate will recollect that in many places
in this bill and in the various bills that were
before the Senate I tried to induce the Senate
to insert the words " with intent to violate the
fifteenth amendment," or " with intent to vio-
late this act." The insertion of that word
"wrongfully" covers, to my mind, a great
danger that was contained in the original bill.
The insertion of that word will prevent persons
who do not intend to violate the law from being
drawn into a net. Therefore I say in that re-
spect the bill is decidedly improved, and it is
in some other respects.
The amendment made to the last section of
the original Senate bill is quite an improvement.
That section authorized the President to call
out the Army and the naval forces to enforce
this bill. The committee of conference have
attached to it a clause that he may only db so
in pursuance of judicial process. That is a
great safeguard. He has little more power
by that than he has now. But then here are
some new sections altogether, which no gen-
tleman in the Senate has ever considered; and
I do not believe any gentleman who was not
on the conference committee, unless perhaps
he has been informed by the Senator from
Nevada, knows what the committee intended
by putting them in. If there is any gentleman
who does not know it, I should like to have
this bill printed, in order'that I might explain
to him what those clauses were pnt in for.
Then the report goes on:
Insert the following, to come in as section twenty-
one.
And there [exhibiting the report] is a large
portion of a bill that was printed and intro-
duced into the other House, inserted here,
pasted on, and we are to adopt that as part of
this bill, without knowing why it was put there,
a new feature entirely, intended to reach a new
difficulty, which I never heard suggested by
anybody until we got into the committee of
conference:
Sue. 21. And be it further enacted. That whenever,
by the laws of any State or Territory, the name of
any candidate or person to be voted for as Represent-
ativeor Delegate in Congress, shall be required to be
printed, written, or contained in any ticket or ballot
with other candidates or persons to be voted for at
the same election for State, territorial, municipal,
or local officers, it Shall be sufficient prima facte evi-
dence, either for the purpose of indicting or convict-
ting any person charged with voting or attempting
or offering to vote unlawfully under the provisions
of the preceding sections, or for committing either
of the offenses thereby created, to • prove that the
person so charged or indicted voted, orattempted or
offered to voto, such ballot or ticket, or committed
eitherof the offensesnamedin the preceding sections
of this act with reference to such ballot
It appears that in many States of this Union
it is provided by law, or if not by law by cus-
tom, that the elections for members of Con-
gress shall be held at the same time that the
local elections are held. The tickets are iu
many cases printed as State tickets. It was
suggested that there might be difficulty in con-
victing a man of voting illegally for a member
of Congress. The plain and natural way to
meet that difficulty was to provide by law that
the elections should be held separately. As
you only have the right to reach one of them by
your enactment, you should provide by law that
it should be held separately, and then, if a man
votes, the natural presumption of law, of course,
is that he votes for the member of Congress
whose name is upon the ticket. But in this
case the man may scratch his ticket, and every
one knows that at some elections the natural
presumption is altogether that he did not vote
for a member of Congress. But you come in
and provide a new rule of presumptions, an
unnatural rule, and give no reason for it. It
is in violation of the ordinary principles of
evidence, and you give no reason whatever
for it.
There is no reason, I should say, for it but
the difficulty of attaining this end. The end
is a proper end, I admit; the end we all want
to attain by proper means and through the
proper jurisdiction. The end is to punish the
man who attempts to vote illegally. But it is
not necessary, it is awkward, it is clumsy to
go about forcing a presumption on the courts
and forcing the person accused to rebut it. How
is he to rebut it if he never showed his ticket
to anybody? It will require him to do that.
The very object of the ballot is that it shall be
secret and private; that no man shall pry into
the voter's affairs or how he shall vote. If
you do not so pry into his affairs, if he has a
right to keep his ballot secret, then when he
comes and puts it in the ballot-box there is no
human being who by any possibility can prove
the contrary. When you presume it, when
you make it & prima facie case, you really make
it conclusive; and really if you charge a man
with this offense the evidence is conclusive
against him. That is really the meaning of
it. You absolutely, according to my construc-
tion, take away all power of defense from the
man who is charged in that way. I am sure
Senators will see that the proper course to
attain the object desired is that which I sug-
gest, to make them vote at separate times, make
them vote on separate ballots.
This matter has never been examined; it has
never been before the Senate ; it has never been
before the Judiciary Committee; it has never
been considered by any committee of the Sen-
ate, and I doubt whether it has been considered
by any committee of the House, but it is sim-
ply put in here after a few moments' conver-
sation which ought to have been on other
subjects. When this is dragged in as new mat-
ter in the committee of conference, why should
the Senate vote upon it and adopt a clause of
that kind which violates all the principles of
evidence as we have them in the common law ?
The Senator from Ohio gave a most satisfac-
tory reason, I think, why there was no neces-
sity for pressing this bill now. The Senator
from Vermont on the other side of the Cham-
ber gave an equally satisfactory reason when
he said that anybody convicted of violating this
bill before it could be generally known would
be immediately pardoned. If that be true
you do not want to go to the expense of trying
and convicting a man who is to be immediately
pardoned. You do not want to do it merely
to stain his character. You do not want to
imitate the conduct of that Roman emperor
who hung the laws so high that nobody could
read them in order that the people in their
ignorance might violate them.
I have said all that I intended to say on this
subject. Sir, I wish to see fair elections in
this country. I have gone from poll to poll in
my own State and urged upon every andience
