1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5643
now? No; because Texas is 110 longer a na-
tion. It is idle to speak of the past. It is idle
to attempt to chain the tide of events. It is
preposterous to ignore the changes, the rise
and downfall of nations. War, civilization,
commerce, destroy and build up. The facts
of the present are not the less facts because
they differ from the facts of the past. The
Indians that were once nations are now in fact
under the power of the United States. This
Government is now their actual, their lawful,
their rightful master. Their independence,
their sovereignty, is forever gone. No treaty
of any kind can ever be properly made with
Indians again. Still less can the President and
Senate by means of such treaties invade the
constitutional prerogatives of Congress. Sir,
there is one special fact in our recent history
which is not to be overlooked. I allude to that
provision of the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution which makes all persons born or
naturalized in the United States and subject to
the jurisdiction thereof citizens of the United
States. How can the President make treaties
with citizens of the United States?
There is no umpire to decide this question
between the Senate and the House. The Sen-
ate ask what we cannot grant. We will give
money enough asd more than enough for all
the demands of the case. But, sir, we cannot,
without stultifying ourselves, admit in this bill
the claim that Indian treaties, ratified by a
Senate with only three members present, trans-
ferring lands broad enough for new States, can
ever again be made. The struggle has come,
and we owe it to our country to terminate for-
ever this practice which has degenerated from
its solemn international character into a scan-
dalous and mischievous farce.
Mr. SARGENT. I now yield three minutes
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,]
after which I will call the previous question.
Mr. ALLISON. I do notdesire to call the
attention of the House to any question wherein
the Senate and the House may differ in refer-
ence to the treaty-making power. But I want
to call the attention of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] who says that this
House is bound by these treaties, to one or two
facts in connection with the original law by
which these men were authorized to make
treaties. The treaty which the Senate asks us
now to ratify sets apart three hundred miles
square in the very heart of the territory of the
United States, not for thirty years, but for-
ever, to such Indian tribes as may go and settle
upon that territory. It is a territory which lies
immediately west of the Territory of Dakota,
north of the State of Nebraska, and north of
the Territory of Wyoming; a territory which,
within five years from this time, must be inter-
cepted by the railroad communication with the
Pacific coast, must be filled up by the inhab-
itants of the western States, and those who
way choose to emigrate there. Not only this,
but it is provided that these Indians may remove
over into the State of Nebraska and a portion
of the State of Kansas.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
says that we are bound by this treaty stipulation.
I call his attention to the statute, which de-
clares that these commissioners shall not set
aside this territory except with the approval
of Congress; and Congress has never approved
this reservation which was made by these com-
missioners in stipulation with these Indians.
Therefore "we are not bound by this treaty in
any sense. I will read the language oi the
statute:
" Which said district or districts, when so selected,
and the selection approved by Congress'—
Not by the Senate of the United States—
"'shall be, and remain permanent homes for the said
Indians to be located thereon."
Within three years from this time it is abso-
lutely inevitable that the provision of this
treaty must be broken by the advancing power
of the United States in these new territories,
whatever we may do here and now.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the previous
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would like to be heard
on this question for three or four minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. Personally I would be
glad to yield to the gentleman, but 
Mr. SCHENCK. I have never said a word
on this Indian question.
Mr. SARGENT. Gentlemen insist -that I
shall call the previous question, as there is so
little time left.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which was upon con-
curring in the amendment of the Senate.
Thequestionbeing taken on concurringin the
amendment, there were—ayes 48, noes 76.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays 107, not voting
68; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Archer. Bingham, George M.
Brooks, Buck, Buffinton, Burr, Cake, Cook, Crebs,
Dickinson. Duval, Farnsworth, Fox, Garfield, Getz,
Haight, Hambleton, Holman, Ingersoll, Jenekes,
Kellogg. Knott, Laflin.Lash, Lvnch, Marshall, May-
nard, McCormick, McGrew, McKenzie, McNeely,
Milnes, Daniel J. Morrell. Mungen, Niblack, Peck,
Peters, Poland, Porter. Potter, Prosser, Randall,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph
S. Smith, Stevenson."Stiles, Strong. Tanner, Twleti-
ell, Upson, William B.Washburn, Willard, and Win-
chester—55.
NATS —Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, At.wood, Axtell, Beck, Benja-
min, Bennett, Biggs, Bird,Blair, Boles, Boyd, Buck-
ley, Burchard, Burdctt. Benjamin F.Butler,Calkin,
Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Conner, Cowles, Cnl-
lom, Davis, Dawes, Decrencr, Dickey, Donley, Ferriss,
Ferry,Finkelnburg,Fitch,Gilfillan. Griswold, Ham-
ill, Hamilton, Harris, Hawkins, Hav, Heflin, Hill,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kelsey, Kerr, Ketekam. ICnapp, Lawrence, Lewis,
Logan, Loughridge, Mayham, McCrary, McKee,
Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore, Myers, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Phelps,
Reeves, Rice, Boots, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
field. Shanks, Porter Sheldon, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevens,Stokes, Strickland, Sweeney,
Taffe, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Tyner. Yan
Auken, Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Welkcr,
Wells, Wheeler, Whitmore, Wilkinson, Williams,
Eugene M. Wilson, and Witcher—107.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Adams, Ayer. Bailey,
Banks, Barnum, Barry,• Beaman, Beatty, Benton,
Booker, Bowen, James Brooks, Roderick R. Butler,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Covode, Cox, Darrall,
Dixon, Dockery, Dox, Dyer, Ela, Eldridse, Fisher,
Gibson, Haldeman, Hale, Hawley, Mays, Hoar, Hoge,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Alexander II. Jones, McCarthy,
Mercur, Jesse II. Moore, Morgan, Morphis, Samuel
P. Morrill, Morrissey, Negley, Newsham, Peroe,
Piatt. Pomeroy, Ridgway, Rogers, Sanford. Schu-
maker, Sherrod, Shober, William J. Smith, Worth-
ingron C. Smith, Stone, Stoughton, Strader, Swann,
Taylor, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wallace, Oadwalader
C.Washburn, John T.Wilson, Winans, Wood, and
Woodward—1)8.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-
concurred in.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to insist, and ask
for another committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as managers of
said conference committee on the part of the
House, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Allisox, and Mr.
Holman.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, an entirely
new committee should be appointed, and I will
set the example myself by resigning from it in
order that some one else may be put on in my
place. I have carried on the fight for over a
month according to what I believed to be the
views of the House and the principles of right.
I now respectfully decline the position in order
that the committee may not be emharrassed
by my preconceived opinions
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Dawks in
place of Mr. Sargent, resigned.
barclays digest.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to offer the usual resolution for
the publication of a new edition of Barclay's
Digest. The resolution is as follows :
Resolved, That the usual edition of the Constitu-
tion, Manual, Rules, and Barclay's Digest be printed
fur the use of tho present House at the next ses-
sion, to include all amendments and additions made
thereto, and upon the same terms as heretofore.
No objection being made, the resolution was
received, and unanimously adopted.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr, Sympsok,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed House joint resolution of the fol-
lowing title, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested :
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 80) for the res-
toration of Captain Dominick Lynch, of the
United States Navy, to the active list from the
reserved list.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 520) for the relief of L.
P. Larkin, of Weldoii, North Carolina;
An act (H. R. No. 1277) for the relief of
Richard M. Hodgson;
An act (H. R. No. 1554) for the relief of the
widow of James L. Kiernan, late consul to
Chin-Kiang, China;
An act (H. R. No. 1781) for the relief of
Francis M. Strong and Thomas Ross;
An act (H. R. No. 2248) for the relief of
Charles Steedman, commodore United States
Navy;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 123) allowing
late Acting Ensign George M. Smith a share
in certain prizes captured by the United States
steamer Aries;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 211) for the set-
tlement of the accounts of Charles C. Upham,
late paymaster in the Navy, deceased ;
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 291) for the
relief of Chief Engineers George Sewell and
William H. Shock, of the Navy ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 881) relative to
the pay of the Capitol police and watchmen.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that .they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles ; when the Speaker
signed the same, namely:
x\n act (H. R. No. 329) granting a pension
to Jerry Gordon;
An act (H. R. No. 303) to confirm title to
certain lands in Illinois;
An act (H. R. No. 1224) donating for school
purposes a certain lot of land with the building
thereon erected, known as the Old Indian Dor-
mitory, in the village of Mackinaw, Michigan ;
An act (H. II. No. 1300) to provide for the
reports of the receipts and expenditures of the
Secretary of the Senate and the Cierk of the
House of Representatives of the United States,
and for other purposes:
An act (H. R. No. 1335) relating to the State
j of Georgia;
; An act (H. R. No. 2082) making appropri-
j ations lor the support of the Army for the year
! ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes ;
j An act (H. R. No. 2165) making appropri-
I ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
1 ment for the year ending Juno 30, 1871, and
j for other purposes ;
I An act (H. R. No. 2354) for the relief of
! Vassar College;
| An act (H. R. No. 2369) making additional
! appropriations, and to supply the deficiencies
. in the appropriations for the service of the
j Government for the fiscal years ending June
; 30,1870, and June 30,1871, and for other pur-
i poses;
I An act (H. R. No. 2108) for the creation of
'■ an additional land ofEce in the State of Cali-
fornia;
An act (H. R. No. 2409) for the relief of
Rittenhouse P. Fink;
An act (H. R. No. 2410) for the relief of
Sarah L. Goodrich;
An act (H. R. No. 2412) to remove the
legal and political disabilities of W. C. Whil-
thorne, of Maury county, Tennessee;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 183) directing
