3756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mny 24,
that came to listen to me that the only safety
of this Republic was in fair elections. I think
so still; and I am ready to join with Senators
on both sides of the Chamber with all my
heart to do everything to purify the ballot-
box.
"Mortals that would follow me,
Love Virtue; she alone is free;
She can teach you how to climb
Higher than the sphery chiuie;
Or, if Virtue feeble were.
Heaven itself would stoop to her."
Mr. SAULSBURY. It may not, be proper
for one who is so little acquainted with the
rules of the Senate, and who professes to lie
so little acquainted with the rules of the Senate,
to suggest an objection to this report on the
ground of order; but while I do not profess to
be well acquainted with the rules of the Senate,
I know a little of its practice.
Now, sir, the Senator from New Jersey has
stated that there has been incorporated into
this report of the conference committee entirely
new matter, entirely new sections, matter that
was never before the Senate, that was never
before the House. I then submit to you, sir,
as a point of order, that the Senate cannot
receive this report as the report of a committee
of conference; and I will state to you a case
since you have been in the Senate.
A committee of conference was appointed,
according to my recollection, some eight or ten
yearf ago, of which committee of conference
Mr. Foster, of Connecticut, was a member.
The committee of conference did not confine
themselves to matters of disagreement between
the two Houses, but attempted to incorporate
into the bill new natter, distinct matter, mat-
ter which had never been acted upon by either
House, matter to which neither House had
ever agreed, and according to my recollection
the Senate refused to receive the report of the
committee of conference, and a new commit-
tee of conference was appointed. I speak from
reeolleetion : I may be mistaken 
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator from Del-
aware wilt allow me, I think I can refresh his
recollection, for the matter is very clestr in
my mu*d. The question there settled was that
a committee of conference could not incorpor-
ate new matter in that portion of the bill to
which both branches had agreed. That was
the point; I have a distinct recollection about
it. Both branches having agreed to a certain
section of the bill, it was, so far as their votes
were concerned, concurred in, and it could
not be changed. Therefore, you could not
incorporate anything into that or add to it;
but new matter elsewhere, by way of an amend-
ment upon matter as to which the two branches
had disagreed, never has been denied in this
body in the world.
Mr. DAVIS. I recollect very well the occa-
sion and the decision of the Senate referred
to by the honorable Senator from Delaware.
The point was raised by Senator Poster. Ac-
cording to my reeolleetion this was the point
which was then raised and then decided: that
there was nothing before the committee of con-
ference except the points of disagreement
between the two Houses. Yon c&aaot get any-
thing legitimately and properly before a com-
mittee of conference except some point that is
in disagreement between the two Houses.
If there is any matter introduced in this
report of the committee of conference that is
outside of, exterior to the points of disagree-
ment between the two Houses, it is not legit-
imately, according to my understanding of the
powers and duties of a committee of confer-
ence, competent for them to introduce it, and
to present it to the consideration and for the
-adoption of the two Houses.
What is the meaning, force, and effect of the
terra " committee of conference," and what is
the power derived from the force and effect of
the term? It is not to hunt tip new matter; it
is not to consider whether there are not other
propositions and other distinct and new mat-
ters outside of the bill that may be more accept-
able to the Senate: that may be more just or
wise as propositions of legislation. It is sim-
ply to endeavor to bring the two Houses to a
reconciliation on the point or points on which
they are in disagreement. To say that this
power of reconciliation may extend entirely
outside of points that are in controversy and
in dissent between the two Houses, in my
judgment is not. sanctioned either by the lan-
guage which denominates a committee of con-
i ferenceorby anyparliamentary rule of practice
according to which the powers and the duties
of committees of conference have been settled.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to make one
other remark on the point that I make. With
all due deference to the Senator from Maine,
who has had much more experience on this
subject than I have, I must say that my recol-
lection of the case to which I referred is very
distinct.
To show why the objection which I made
should be considered as sound, I shall present
a case. Take the case of the appropriation
| bill which is now under consideration, when it
shall pass this body. It has then passed the
two Houses. The Senate has amended it, and
it will go back to the House of Representa-
tives as amended. There are certain points
in the bill upon which there has been no joint
agreement of the two Houses, but a disagree-
; ment. Suppose that the committee of con-
ference, when they get together to consider
those matters of disagreement, should add a
new section, or a dozen new sections, incor-
porating in their report the river and harbor
bill, or any other appropriation bill which has
never been considered by the Senates or by
the House, containing distinct matter, but all
relating to the subject of appropriations. I
submit to you, sir, whether such a report could
be received; and if it could not be received,
it must be upon the ground that the subject-
matter embodied in the report was new mat-
ter that had never been before either House
for consideration.
New matter, if presented in a separate bill,
cannot be considered on the aameday on which
it is prowmed- .It requires to go through cer-
tain forms of legislation both in the Senate and
in the House. Here is new matter incorpor-
ated in this report, according to the statement
of the Senator from New Jersey. We have
not had time to read nor to hear what that new
matter is; but according to the statement of
one of the committee of conference there is
perfectly new matter; new matter, according
to his declaration, to the extent of one third '
of the report, which has never been considered
by either House of Congress; and yet this
Senate is called upon in this summary way,
withoutanyof those forms of legislation which j
guard and surround with caution the legislation
of this body, to incorporate into a bill, to make
part of a bill matter to the extent of one third
of a bill, wholly new and distinct in its prin- (
ciples.
I submit to you, sir, if this point be over- :
ruled, that this Senate is surrendering to a
committee of conference its whole power of
legislation and the whole power of the legis-
lation of the other House. It is a question ■
which soars far beyond any technicality of
order which may be found in your rules. It is
a principle which underlies your whole system
of legislation, and goes to the security of your
legislation. You could just as well allow this
eommittee of conference in its report to make i
a part of this bill the appropriation bill re-
cently under consideration, but which has
not passed, or the river and harbor bill, or a 1
bill to appropriate money for totally distinct ;
objects, as you can incorporate or allow to be ji
incorporated in its report this new matter i
which has been incorporated.
Mr. DAVIS. There is one single idea which :
I intended to suggest when I was up before, i!
but I omitted to do so. It is this: if a com- ji
raittee of conference can go outside of the i!
points in dispute between the two Houses the H
power of a committee of conference is illimit-
able; they may introduce any other matter that
they may choose. There is a constitutional
provision which requires that bills introduced
into the two Houses of Congress sluvll ho read
severally upon three several days in each House,
i That is a constitutional provision, intended to
guard the deliberation of legislation. Now,
according to the principle of the Senator from
Maine, and what is now contended for as to
the powers of committees of conference, that
provision of the Constitution could be wholly
evaded in this way.
A committee of conference may introduce
any other bill into their agreement and recom-
mend it as part of their report to the two Houses
respectively. Suppose there is an important
bill pending before either House, and it has
been read but once, and the second reading of
the bill has been objected to on the same day
in the House in which it is pending. Accord-
ing to the principle and doctrine now contended
for, that bill which has been read but once,
and the second reading of which has been ob-
jected to, and the objection sustained upon the
constitutional principle, may be introduced by
a committee of conference as a part of a bill
that has been referred to the decision of a com-
mittee of conference, and they may go outside
of the points upon which the two Houses have
disagreed, and introduce that new and distinct
bill as additional matter in the bill upon which
they are conferring, as has been done in the
present case. What would be the effect? The
effect would be to introduce a bill that had
been read but once, the second reading of which
had been objected to in the House in which it
was pending, on the ground that it could not
be read twice on the same day, because the
constitutional provision prohibited it, and that
constitutional provision could be evaded and
would be nullified by introducing a bill which
bad been read but once, as a part of the report
of a committee of conference.
Sir, such a course of legislation as that, and
the adoption of such a principle in the deliber-
ations and actions and reports of committees
of conference, and in the acting upon reports
of committees of conference by Congress,
would completely nullify and render void that
careful provision in the Constitution which
requires that bills shall be read three times on
as many several days, except by the unan-
imous consent of the body. I think that the
exception and objection taken and made by
the Senator from Delaware is properly taken.
J Mr. THURMAN. I propose to say a few
! words in reply to the remarks which have been
! made in answer to what I said before, and
I first, the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
i Sawyer] asks me how I can fix any day for
| this law to take effect that will not be close
| upon some municipal election; and the Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] says that it
has been the general practice to pass laws even
! containing penal provisions, to take effect im-
j mediately upon their passage, or rather their
! approval by the President. In the first place,
I have to say to both those Senators and to the
Senate that the proper mode of avoiding both
those difficulties is to make a penal statute
take effect at some future day.
! ^ Mr. EDMUNDS. Did I not state theprac-
| tice correctly ?
Mr.THURJIAN. No,sir; I think not; but
if the practice were that way it was malus usvs,
and abolendus est would be the proper thing to
say about it; not abolendus est, for it is not
abolished, but it should be abolished. That is
; the proper way to avoid all those difficulties.
If you pass a criminal statute make it take
effect at a future day.
Now, as to the practice, I will not undertake
to say how it is in respect to the statutes of the
United States. None of us are as familiar
with them as we are with the statutes of our
own States; but my belief is—for I have been
conversant with a great many of'them, and
have had to be so—that in a large majority of
