4700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22*
the question of concurringin theSenate amend-
ments.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendments were concurred in,
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote just
taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill and have it put; upon its pas-
btigo. When the bill has been read I think there
will be no objection.
Mr. J HDD. [ object.
MESSAGE L'UOU Til LI SKNATB.
A message from the Senate of the United
States, by Sir. Goiuiam, its Secretary, informed
the House that that body had agreed to the
amendment of the House to the joint resolution
(S. H. No. 101) for the relief of Lewis L>. Smith,
and to the amendment of the House to the bill
(S. No. 99) to pay loyal citizens in the States
lately in rebellion in taking the census of 1860.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution (S. E. No. 238) au-
thorizing the First National Bank at Fort Smith,
Aikansas, to change itd location and name,
In which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (II. il. No. 1004) making appro*
priations for the consular and diplomatic 'ser-
vice of the Government for the year ending
June 00, 1871, and for other purposes, with
jimendments, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
KOUrriKUN vaciKIC RAILROAD.
The next business oh the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the joint resolu-
tion (11. R. No. So) in regard to the suspen-
sion of the sale of ccrtaiu lauds in California.
The amendments of the Senate weie read,
as Follows;
Strike out the wholcof the preamble and all of tho
resolution alter tho resolving- chiuso and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
That the Southern Pacific Railroad Company of
California may construct itsroad and telegraph fine,
as near as may bo, on tho route indicated by the map
Jiled by said company ia tho Deparfmeht of tho
Inferior on tho 3d day of January, 1807; and upon
the construction of each section ox said road, m the
manner and wHhin the timo provided bylaw, and
notico thereof hrir.q- f,4ven by the company to the
Scex'tary of the Inferior, herdialt direct a.n examin-
ation of each such section by commissioners to bo
appointed by the President, as piovidcd in tho act
making a grant of land to said company, approved
J uty 27, 1806. «r>d upon tho report of the eomtni«-
Kioners to the Sccictary of the Interior that such
.section of paid raiiro.id and telegraph line has been
< onMruotocl as required bj law, it shall be the duty
ol f hcHaid Sccretarv of tho Interior to cause patents
to be i.^ued to said company for thoseetions of land
coutcimniou^to each constructed section reported
on as; aibresnid, to tho oxionr. an.-l amount crautcd
to j?;ud company by the ^aid act oi Julv 27, IBGo. rx-
prcs.-b mgnnd i\\-< rvm# all the r.jchi of actual
setiieis_- to^rutlici wn!i iho oin-i conditions and
ru^tricfioTis piovi-led i. r in the thu'd s-cccion of said
act.
Ani^nd the titio of tho joint resolution so as to
rend: "A joint lc^o'iition <.oneciniuy the f-outhern
Pacific railroad of California.'1
WIIJ'jilLEIo rose.
Mr. JULIAN". I wish to move the refer-
ence of this joint, resolution to the Committee
on ihe Public Lands.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
genileiiijii from New York, supposiug this to
be a nia'ter in charge of the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad. Was this origiiluliy reported
by the L:uic! Committee?
Mr, JULIAN. At first i th&ughl itwas; but
on taxing my recollection 1 believe the joint
resolution was introduced by tho gentleman
iro.u California, [Mr. Sargent;] but the same
matter had been before the Committee on tho
"r.blic Lands.
The SPEAKER. Judging from the provis-
ions of lilt, joint resolution t.he Chair consid-
ered that it belonged to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and therefore recognized the
Kontleman from New York.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to say to thegen-
tloman from Indiana that tile Committee on
the ^Pacific Railroad have considered already
bill identical in all respects with this one.
litis has no new subsidies and no new powers.
It is simply a joint resolution correcting the
lme ol the Southern Pacific railroad of Cali-
fornia. It doss not contain the grant ol* an
additional acre of land, or &ny ftew power
whatever.
Mr. BING-HAM. Then. call the pfevious
question, and let us pass the-joint resolution.
Mr. JULIAN. 'Iho gentleman from New
Ytnk yields to me for the purpose of making
a single remark. The joint resolution as it
passed the House protected the right of large
bodies of settlers in California: but as it hits
come baok to us from the Senate it disregards
the rights of those settlers, and therefore defeats
the purpose of the joint resolution which passed
the House. I should like to have the House
refer it to the Committee on the Public Lands, so
as to have an opportunity to consider it, which
1 have not yet had.
_ Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman from In-
diana is entirely mistaken in the scope of this
joint resolution. It did not provide originally
as the gentleman supposes. This was a grant
made_in l8G6, and if tho House desires me to
explain it I will do so.
The committee have carefully considered tho
subject-matter of this joint resolution, and have
directed me to ask the House for concurrence
in the action of the Senate. The resolution
grants nothing new by way of power or sub-
sidies. It, is simply intended to define with'
certainty the line of the Southern Pacific rail-
road of California, as referred to in a former
act of Congress. A brief review of former legis-
lation will make all clear.
This road was incorporated under the gcu 
eral railroad law of California, in November,
1SG5. its object, as defined iu its articles of
association, was to build a railroad '• 'i'rhm some
point on the bay of San Francisco, in the State
of California, through the counties of Satita
Clara, Monterey, San Luis Obispo( Tulare,
Los Angeles, and San Diego, to the eastern
line of said State of California, thence to con-
nect with a contemplated railroad from said
eastern line of the State of California to the
Mississippi river/' Nothin.tr was done by tho
company beyond filing articles of association
up to July 27, 1800. On that day Congress
passed an aet '• granting lands to aid iu the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Slates of Missouri and Arkansas to
the Pacific coast." i invite particular atlen-
tion to the eighteenth section of that act, as
upon it rests the basis ol the present claim of
the company. It reads as follows:
\'Atulbe it further tintictvl, That ilte Southern Pacific
mifroad, a company !:m:0! ,i;<:.t under thy lawsof
ihe Shite ef Clitiforr.i:!, i-i hereby authorised to con-
ned with the paid Atlantic and Pacific railroad
termed under thiiaci, at such point, near t lit1 bound-
ary fine oi the Stale of California, aR thcyshall deem
most suitable tor a railroad lme to Ban I'Vaneiseo, |
and shall have a uniform gauxe anil rate of freight i
or fare.with saidioad; and m consideration thei cot, !
to aid in its eonstnicl ion, <luill luivo similar ra'anty
of land, subject to all toe condition,^ and limitations
herein provided, and snail bo required to construct
its road on the like regulations, ay re time and man-
ner, wi'h the Atlantic and Pacific railroad herein
provided for."
The similar "grants of land" were ten alter-
nate sections per mile on each side of the road.
When this act was passed it had been defi-
nitely ascertained by the company, by surveys,
that the line laid down ia the articles of asso-
ciation, if not physically impossible, was im-
practicable and immensely expensive. I have
iu my hand, the affidavit of the chief engineer
to this effect, but will not detain the House by
its reading.
The company promptly filed with the Secre-
tary of the Interior its acceptance of the pro-
vision for its benefit in the act of July, 1806.
On the Cd of January, 1807, ittiled in the office
of the Secretary of the interior a map, varying
the line from that named in iis articles of
association, by winning it through the counties
of San Bernardino and Kern, two counties not
named in the articles of association, and b^ not
passing through several of the counties which
were named. - • . '
On the 9th day of March, 1867, the Secre*
tafyoftho Interior directed, the Commissioner
of tto General Land, Qffic&.to withdraw the
public lands from sale on the line designated
upon the map filed January 8, 1807, and to
reserve them for this iailroad company.' On
the 22d of March, 1867, the Commissioner
obeyed this instruction by a circular addressed
t-o registers and receivers along the line of tha
contemplated road. In November,. 1867, ihet
Secretary of the Interiot' makes-this reference
in his annual report to this company:'
" The eighteenth section of this act [July 27< I860,]
authorizes tho Southern Pacific railroad,a_company
incorporated under thelaws ofthe State ofCilifornia,
to eonncct with the Atlantic and Pacific railroad near
the boundary line of California,, and gives ic a sim-
ilar Brant ot' lands. The latter company filed an
acceptance of tho terms and conditions of said act,
and a map showing the preliminary survey of tho
road from San Francisco to Colorado river. Trie
Oomraissioner of the Ueneral Land Office was in-
structed to withdraw the lands along tho line repre-
sented upon that map."
On the 25th day of June, 1888, Congress
passed an act requiring the company to make
its reports to the Secretary of the Interior. On
the 2oth day of July, 1803, Congress again
recognized the foud by passing an act extend-
ing the time for the construction of the first
thirty miles until the 1st day of July, 1870, and
requiring the company to build at least twenty
miles every year thereafter, lleeall now for a
moment the successive governmental recog-
nitions of this road :
1. An absolute grant of land to aid in its
construction.
U. lleceiving acceptance of company of pro-
visions of aet of July 27, 1863.
&. Acceptance of map of January 8, 1867.
4. Withdrawal of lands from sale along line
of road.
5. Act of Congfes3 requiring company to
make reports to the Secretary of the Interior.
G. Act of Congress extending time for com-
pletion of road.
Eighteen months had olapsed from the filing
of the map with the Secretaty of the Interior,
and sixteen months from the withdrawal ofthe
lands, before the company had any official inti-
mation that they were not proceeding in strict
accordance with law. On the 14th day of July,-
1808, the Secretary ofthe Interior revoked his
order of March 9, 18157, withdrawing the lands)
on the ground of the discrepancy of the line as
named m the articles of association and in the
map filed January 8, 1867. A month later,
Bfeeming to doubt the legality of his action, he
suspended this last revocation, and by addi-
tional orders the suspension continues nntil
this time. Meanwhile tho company has built
its first thirty miles of road, and is asking for
the lands to which it ia entitled. The Becre*
tary of the Interior wants the doubt removed
as to which ofthe lines is the legal one. The
committee are unahiinous in adopting the line
defined upon the map filed in the office of the
Secretary of the Interior, fat the following
reasons:
1. It is the most practicable, the cheapest of
construction, aud two hundred and fifty miles
shorter than the original lino.
2. Government, by its successive acts, has
induced tho company to commence work on
the htieof January 8,1867. It has built thirty
miles of road, has made large contracts for
construction, and has in all respects complied
with law.
The Government by its action is most clearly
estopped from impeaching this line. Who else
is there to complain ? The State of California
might; but instead of doing it her Legislature
in April last unanimously passed an act con-
firming the change iu the line, and authoriz-
ing the company to lake the lands upon the
