55 6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
in each of those States, was quite too small to
represent properly the wide and diversified in-
terests of their people; that the representatives
were not near enough to thepeople who elected
them to be properrepresentatives of those peo-
ple ; that there would probably be much less
corruption and a much clearer and more sol-
emn sense of responsibility on the part of the
representative if he knew that on going back
to his constituents he would go back to a nar-
row circle, who would not only know more
thoroughly what he had done, but from their
more familiar acquaintance with him, as would
be the case in a smaller constituency, would
be more likely to understand and appreciate
his worth and faithfulness as a representative.
I believe that the nearer we keep this House in
numbers up to the increasing growth and pop-
ulation of the country the more nearly it will
be a representative body representing the in-
terests of the whole country.
But, sir, I was calling the attention of the
House a moment ago to the size of the repre-
sentative bodies on the continent of Europe.
France has 376 members of its largest legis-
lative body, being X to 100,000 of its popula-
tion and 1 to 551 square miles of territory.
Prussia has a legislative body numbering 432,
or 1 to 50,000 of its population and 1 to 317
square miles. Austria, which we are some-
times made to believe is the type of a despotic
form of government, has a popular branch of
203 members, or 1 to 100,000 of its population
and 1 to 500 square miles. Italy has a repre-
sentative body numbering 493, or 1 to 40,000
population and 1 to 200 square miles. Spain
has 394 members in its popular branch, being
1 to 35,000 population and 1 to 450 squaro
miles. Switzerland has 128 members in its
popular branch, being 1 to 20,000 population
and 1 to 120 square miles. In fact, sir, there
is no country having a popular legislative
branch in its Government that does not have
it larger in numbers in proportion to the popu-
lation and in proportion to the territory than
the House of Representatives of the United
Stales.
And, sir, in determining what the future of
this House shall be it is of the utmost conse-
quence that we wait and ascertain what our pop-
ulation is. The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paine] says that, in his judgment, it will be
nearer thirty-six millions than forty-two millions
or more. Other gentlemen will disagree with
him andwillputitas high, perhaps, as forty-two
millions. This is an important question to con-
sider, whether our population is thirly-six or
forty-two millions. It is important we should
know the facts on this point before we settle
the size of this House, because the size of this
House should be governed by two considera-
tions, and it seems to me by only two : one is
th3 amount of population to be represented,
and the other is that the body shall not bo so
large as to be unwieldy. If it were not for the
apprehension of getting a body so large that
we cannot with method and order perform the
legislative duties, it is clear, in my judgment,
that we ought to be ready increase the size of
this House much beyond the limit proposed in
this bill.
These considerations all influence me to delay
this apportionment until we know upon what
we are to act, until we have a basis upon which
to make it. Let us get the figures, lei us have
the basis upon which this is to be made, and
then Congress can act intelligently and under-
standingly in making the apportionments.
Mr. JUDD. I wish to make a suggestion,
which I hope may be adopted by the House.
The question now pending is on the motion to
reconsider the reference of this bill. Several
gentlemen have intimated their desire to dis-
cuss particular amendments, and that has been
to some extent the course which has been pur-
sued in this debate. I suggest that a vote be
taken on the motion to reconsider, unless some
gentleman desires an opportunity to discuss the
general question, If my motion to reorisider
prevails the bill will be before the House, and
debate can be had on the amendments. If
this should meet the views of those gentlemen
who desire to be further heard on the question
I should like at this time to reply for a few
moments to some of the arguments which have
been made already before the vote is taken on
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. KELLEY. I have not given special at-
tention to this bill, and I should like to ask
the gentleman from Illinois what provision it
makes for the great increase in population of
certain districts in Pennsylvania. I have heard
a great deal of discussion of its effect on some
New England States and on some western
States. There are some districts in Penn-
sylvania which have a voting population now
of from thirty-five to forty thousand, and that,
too, in districts where there are immense man-
ufacturing establishments, and where, as in
New England, there is a larger proportionate
population behind the voting population. We
have more than double the voting population
in some districts over the vote of 1860. I hope
the bill does not propose to overlook these dis-
tricts, but to give them their fair share of rep-
resentation. 1 need only refer to the district
of my colleague, [Mr. Gilfillan,] where they
are able to poll some forty-five thousand votes,
while in my own district we poll as high as
thirty-five thousand. There are also large cot-
ton manufactories in my district, making it in
many parts look like one of the New England
districts.
Mr. JCTDD. If there are no further sug-
gestions to be made in reference to the general
provisions of the bill on the question to recon-
sider I will answer the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and some few of the arguments which
have been addressed to the House by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoae] and
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Willard.]
And, in the first place, it is perfectly apparent,
from the statement of my friend from Penn-
sylvania, that he has paid no attention to the
debate on this bill.
Mr. KELLEY. And therefore it is that I ask
the gentleman for information on this subject.
Mr. JUDI). If the gentleman had listened
to the debate yesterday and to-day the informa-
tion he seeks would have beenfurnished to him.
But I will try to furnish it to him now. This
bill does not enact there shall be so many
Representatives in Pennsylvania, or so many
Representatives in Massachusetts, or so many
Representatives in any other State; this bill
does not enact anything specific in reference
to districts like my own, which has doubled in
population since a Representative was assigned
to it; but it does enact, when passed into law,
that when the census returns are completed
and in the population of the gentleman's dis-
trict and mine shall receive their proper rep-
resentation ; that the census of his district is
to be taken with mine to determine the ques-
tion of how much representation each is enti-
tled to.
Now, one word in reference to the objections
taken by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoar.] I thought we had anticipated
and answered those objections. He says that,
adopting this principle, we must redistrict the
States for every Congress. I will say to the
gentleman that you must have a census return
upon which to base it. The Constitution
declares that there shall be an enumeration
every ten years, which shall be the basis of
representation.
Mr. HOAR. I thought the gentleman's ar-
gument was the other day that the Constitution
provides a census may be taken in every ten
years.
Mr. JUDD. The Constitution provides that
the census shall be taken once in every ten years.
I will repeat again the language which I
used. I said the Constitution provides that the
census shall be taken in every ten years, or
within every ten years. If the gentleman can
dr>ny r, pic? distinction fcatweejj those nbr$se«!
he is welcome to do it. I say there is nothing
in the Constitution to prevent the census being
taken oftener than once in ten years; bat it
compels us to take it "within ten years. And
as soon as the information obtained under the
census comes to the knowledge of Congress,
showing that there is inequality in the repre-
sentation, then it is the duty of this House and
the duty of Congress to equalize that represent-
ation under the other clauses of the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. JUDD. Certainly.
Mr. HOAR. Suppose the information came
to Congress in another way, as all this informa-
tion has come, is it the duty of Congress upon
such information to take a census every few
years, and make a newapportionment 1
Mr. J UDD. I am not surprised at the gen-
tleman making a supposition of that kind after
the argument he has addressed to the House.
But surely he did not intend in all seriousness
to ask me whether I would as a Representa-
tive join in making a new apportionment ex-
cept such as was based on returns made in
accordance with the law. I have no doubt
the gentleman understood me, and so did every
member of this House, when I said that when
information came to Congress in a legal and
constitutional form showing an inequality of
representation it was the duty of Congress to
equalize that representation, or the Government
ceased to be republican.
But the gentleman comes in again with his
immense constitutional questions, and he
counts them up to the number of fifty-two.
The gentleman has asked me several questions.
Now, if he will allow me, I will ask him one.
Suppose this bill giving this power to the Sec-
retary of the Interior does not pass, and you
are called upon as a member of the House to
make an apportionment, in what manner will
you determine how many are excluded from
voting under the Constitution ? For that ques-
tion arises when the representation is not based
simply on the gross population.
Mr. HOAR.. I would base the apportion-
ment bill on the census returns; and if it were
claimed that a fraud was committed on any
State I should investigate that question the
same as other questions. And, if necessary, I
would order another census for any particular
district as to which there was an allegation of
material fraud or error; and I should have all
the legal questions which came up determined
judicially.
Mr. JUDD. I will repeat the gentleman's
answer, as I understand it; and I think it dem-
onstrates_ beyond a doubt that the point in
question is one which it is utterly idle to talk
about. He says if he were called upon as a
member of Congress at its next session to pass
upon an apportionment bill he should base it
upon the census returns; and he adds to this
that if there was any allegation of any mate-
rial frauds or mistakes he reserves the power
of having them corrected. But he does not
pretend that he will send out and -have an in-
ventory taken in every State of the Union of
all the men enfranchised by the Constitution
who may be prevented from voting. No ; he
will simply decide upon the census returns in
the same manner as under this bill the Sec-
retary of the Interior is called upon to decide.
He is to examine the returns of the enumera-
tors in order to arrive at the numbers of the
classes who are excluded from the right of
suffrage, and is to keep this in view in making
the apportionment. And so the gentleman from
Massachusetts, acting upon that question as a
member of this House, would find his only
evidence in the census returns, and only-there,
and could not go beyond it.
Then, what becomes of these fifty-two con-
stitutional questions which the gentleman has
told us will have to be decided by the Secretary
of the Interior ? _ I gay they are not ia the ease,
TMfij §g | Raid ia opening tlje disepgisjp, is a
