2812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
that is needed to be done now ia to put the
party on a basis of respectability andchariic" r
that will make it invulnerable to the attacks
of its enemies, on account of the personal fitness
and character of its leaders, its representative
men, and its office-holders. When that is done,
as is fast being done, and will soon be done in
all the southern States, then the great Repub-
lican party, founded on the basis of equal rights
to all, will stand firmly and securely, and be
sustained not only by the colored people as a
unit, but by a majority in many of the States
of the white people.
We have in the southern States as much to
fear from bad men in our own ranks as we have
from the rebels themselves. For the conduct
and action of rebels we are not responsible;
but when bad and corrupt men get into our
ranks and get into places of profit and trust,
become as it were the representatives of the
party, then we are held responsible for them,
it was unavoidable that, inapolitical revolution,
like the one we have had, many such men should
have come to the surface. Time will cure these
defects. When the people come to understand
who their friends are, who are the proper lead-
ers, I have no doubt that these men will be re-
pudiated and that better men will be put in
their stead. The southern people themselves
have but little right to complain, because the
state of sentiment at one time would not allow
reputable men to take ofiice from the Kepub-
lican party. They were intimidated and driven
from being candidates and from holding office,
and the part.y, in many localities of the South,
was compelled to take such men as it could
get. That day has passed, and there is no dif-
ficulty now anywhere in the South in any man
taking office at the hands of the Republican
paity; and you will see in the coming elections
m the southern States this class of men brought
to the surface and taking the lead and holding
the reins of power.
Mr. President, the solution of this Georgia
question, in my judgment, is to be found in
the adoption of the essential features of two
amendments, offered respectively by the Sen-
ator from Al'ssouri [Mr. Deake] and the Sen-
ator from Kansas, [Mr. Pojieixoy;] on the
one hand to provide that the strong military
arm of this Government may be brought to
repress crime where a hostile public sentiment
makes the civil law powerless, and on the
other hand to provide that we shall cut this
Gordian knot as to difficulties there by leaving
Georgia, where she now in fact is, under mil-
itary control. If we are to believe the one
half of what is told us of the condition of
things in Georgia ; of the violence, the crime,
the insecurity to life and property there ; if it
be irue that an election cannot be held in the
State of Georgia at which the people will have
a fair opportunity of declaring their will, then
Georgia is not fit for admission into the Union.
If it be true that the people, who are the source
of power, cannot go to the polls to cast their
voles and declare their will freely, then it is
the duly of the national Government to main-
tain and adhere to its control over this State
until that condition of things shall have arrived
when all men can approach the ballot-box
freely. It is a duty which we cannot ignore,
to see to it that the people of Georgia shall
govern themselves ; and we are told that if
they cannot do it that an election next fall
would be but a farce!
Then the duty is incumbent upon us to pro-
tect that people, and take means which will
bring about a condition of things in the State
of Georgia ill which every man, white or black,
entitled to the ballot shall have the liberty to
go to the polls safely and without disturbance
and declare his will. I see no other way of
doing that but to keep Georgia just where she
is, and to give to the President, by act of Con-
gress, the power to suspend the civil authority
and to arrest, and try and punish men by mili-
tary tribunals for crime.
And, Mr. President, you will need but very
little of this kind of work to cure the whole con-
dition of things in the South. The verymoment
you demonstrate that there is power in this
Government to take a man for murder and
hang him, you will have settled the whole diffi-
culty. These murders and outrages are being
committed in the South because the assassins
believe there is no power that can reach them.
The civil authority in certain localities is pow-
erless, because of a hostile public sentiment,
and the General Government thus far has failed
to exercise its power. Now, if you can but so
bring to bear the power of this nation that you
can take one single man in the State of Geor-
gia and hang him for murder, the question is
settled. It will be understood all over the
South that what has been done there may be
done elsewhere. Then, if with that exercise of
power in the protection of life, and in the pun-
ishment of crime, you will couple a wise, gen-
erous, and liberal policy toward the people
generally, you will have secured peace and
safety, so far as human lav/ can, to all the peo-
ple of the South.
Mr. President, this is not the first time that
I have asked for protection for the people of
the South. There has been a great deal said
here in regard to the duty of the Government
to protect the people, but 1 believe I was one
of tho first to call the attention of the Senate
to the importance of protecting the loyalists
of the South and all tho people there. On the
occasion of the announcement in this body of
the death of Mr. Hinds, of Arkansas, on the
23d of January, 1869, I asked the Senate to
draw from that circumstance this one lesson,
the duty of the Government to protect its citi-
zens. On that occasion I said:
"I know Mr. Hinds personally. Agreeing with
Carlylo in his admiration ior earnest, and smcero
men, I can say of Mr. IXinds, from personal knowl-
edge, that lie was an earnest and sincere man, and
therefore a hero worthy ot our best admiration. But
there id a lesson which wo liluy draw irom tho story
that has been detailed to us. To-day the American
Senate is sitting and passing resolutions of respect
for a man who died for his political opinions. Wo
aro to-day confessing the fact, m tho lace of this
great people and of tho civilized world, that there aro
districts in this couutry where an American citizen
may not go and be a freeman without fear ot the
assassin's knite.
"Mr. President, this is a melancholy confession
for the Senate and Congress and people of the United
States to make. Tins nation has shown that it has
the power to subdue armed rebellion; to crush mil-
lions of armed men whose handswere raised tostriko
against tho flag oi tho country, but it has not yet
shown—I hope it may show—that it has also tho
power to reach its strong hand down to the humblest
ot its citizens, to take within the arms ot its protect-
ing power the lowliest of its citizcns, and protect and
cover them with its shield. It is this lesson which I
would have the Senate learn from this tragic event:
to see by what means wo may give that protection
which all men have a risht to demand.
41 This is not a singular occurrence, my brother
Senators. Those ot us who are iamiiiar with the
condition of tilings at the South know that in some
sections of the country every man who went, forth
to tho exercise of the rights of an American citizen,
to proclaim his political opinions, and to urge the
election of General Grant to tho Presidency, carried
his lito in his hand. Two of the men who sheltered
me in my campaign in Alabama last summer, two
of those who gave me hospitable welcome under
their roofs, within a week afterward were assassin-
ated.
"These tkinqs exist to some extent in the south-
ern States. JSTow let tho -impression bo left upon
our minds by this sad event that wo shall protect
everywhere American citizens in tho exercise of
their constitutional and natural rights."—Congres-
sional Globe, third session, Fortieth Congress, p. 553.
The problem which I slated then is the prob-
lem which remains to-day.
Again, in discussing the Virginia question at
the present session 1 repeated that the para-
mount duty of the Government was to protect
its citizens in the South; and I repeated the
strong language of Wendell Phillips when he
said that the one groat crime of this Govern-
ment was that it did not protect its citiaens.
It is the truth. On the 10th of January last 1
said in the Virginia discussion:
"Mr. President, I certainly am as anxious to pro-
tect the loyal people of the South as any Senator on
this floor can be. I have seen, probably, as much of
the outrages on life and liberty and property at tho
South as any Senator on this floor, and 1 would now
willingly vote to postpone the consul oration of this
bill if the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, or
any other Senator, would sh&w ma how Congress
proposes further to protect the loyal people of the
South in thoir rights and property. The Congress
of the United States for four years have been deal-
ing with the question of reconstruction, andyet they
have thus far failed to do the one thing essential to
protect the people of the South in life and property,
and that is to hang men. When Congress will show
ine some means by which you can reach a man, take
him, and hang him for murder, thenyoft may talk to
us about protection. If X can be shown any way in
which we ean bring to the loyal people of Virginia
further protection than by admitting her into tho
Union I am readyto vote for thedelay; but Idonot
see how this is to be done."
And again, in the discussion of the Missis-
sippi bill I said:
"Mr. President, I am not to he behind any Sen-
ator upon this floor in any practical measure for the
protection of tho loyal people of the South—for the
protection of all classes, of all races and colors and
conditions, in their equal rights. Upon that ground
I am as radical as the most radical. But there is a
radicalism of suspicion, there is a radicalism of hate,
there is a radicalism of bitterness to which I am not
a party. I have felt myself that this great contest
for liberty, for equal human rights, has been fought
and won, and that the contest is not again to be re-
opened. As the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates]
said yesterday, I believe, but I think with a littie
more faith than he, that truly—
"' Through the ages one increasing purpose runs,
And the thoughts of men are widening with the
progress of the sun.' .
"Therefore, I am willing to rest this Question upon
the public judgment of the people. When it sh.iil
eomo to matters of practical legislation like thatof
tho bill ot' the Senator from Nevada or the Senator
from Indiana, for tho practical protection of tho peo-
ple of the South, and particularly colored people,
in their rights given to them by the fifteenth amend-
ment, and by tile constitutions of these States, then
I shall be ready to render my aid most heartily and
gladly. But it is because I believe these restrictions
are not wise and statesmanlike, because I believe
, they are not calculated to subserve the ends which
jj they are intended to meet, that I shall vote against
;i them ; and I shall vote against them in the interest
j: of liberty, in the interest of universal and equal
j1 human rights. I shall vote against them in the in-
|i tercst of the loyal people of the South of all races,
ij and I shall vote against them in the interest of the
jl colored people of the South as unwise and unstates-
ruanlike."
Again and again I have called the attention
of the Senate to this question, and I am glad
to feel now that the attention of Senators has
been so lully aroused that some measure like
that of the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, or that of the Senator from Ohio,
may prevail, which shall give to the Chief Ex-
ecutive of the nation authority, upon the appli-
cation of the Governor or of the Legislature
of a State, to suspend the civil authority and
take cognizance of crime by military tribunals.
That is the one thing needed. Give us that,,
and you will give us peace. That is the only
thing now that is required to be done in this
direction.
Mr. President, I have no fears as to the tri-
umph of the principles of reconstruction, of
the principles of the Republican party in the
South. We have vindicated them very thor-
oughly and completely in my own State. While
there have been deplorable outrages; commit-
ted there in certain localities, while there are
assassins going at large unpunished, yet it is
still true that the general condition of the State
is peaceable and prosperous. It is true the
people of that State were never so prosperous
as they are to-day. They never had so much
money in their pockets, they never were so free
from debt as they are to-day. There is more
of internal improvement, more of manufactur-
ing industries going on now than over before
in the history of the State.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will my honorable
friend allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. AVA11NBR. Certainly,
Mr. SAULS13UIIY. I understood him a
few moments ago to say that we needed a few of
the white population of the South, added to the
negro population, to make a good stable Gov-
ernment. Will my honorable friend please
to inform me how many of these white men
of the South he is willing shall participate in
the government of the South?
Mr. WARNER. T am very willing that they
shall all i>arucipate. I will say to the Senafor
that in my State, as I believe in nearly all the
