1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•2813
southern States, they participate now. They
are all voters. I believe in every one of the
southern States, excepting perhaps Tennessee,
they are participators in the government now.
i hcj' are voters, and they have all the rights
of other citizens, except the few who are dis-
abled by the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. bAULSBU-RY. Will my honorable
fricnil from Alabama allow me to ask him, then,
wny he should wish to bring in a few of the
white men of the South, joined with the negroes,
to have a stable government?
Mr. WAENEH. Mr. President, what I said
was that the friends of reconstruction needed
more of the white men of the South to join
their ranks. We have more than afew of them
now. Wo have many of them. I can tell the
honorable Senator that in my State we can
match every man of mark upon the other side
with a man of equal mark and ability upon
ours.^ I can tell the honorable Senator also
that if the members of his party there continue
to desert as fast as they have been doing for
the last year or two we shall have a majority
of them. I can tell him farther, as I have said
heretofore on this floor, that I believe to-day
a majority of the white men of the State of
Alabama are the friends of the reconstruction
policy of Congress ; and it is but needed that
the Senator and his political friends shall call
off their Kuklux and let the people vote as they
please and he will see that lact demonstrated.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will my honorable
friend allow me another question ?
Mr. WARNER, Yes, sir.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have just returned
from a visit to my home. The Senator speaks
ot desertions. 1 am able to inform him that
as far as my State is concerned the desertions
are the other way; and if his parly should have
enough white men in my own State to hold the
offices, if they can get them, they will consider
themselves fortunate; but there is no danger
of their getting them. Add a few more negro
votes, and I think you will accomplish the
restoration of the Democratic party, from what
I saw at home.
Mr. WARNER. Politically, if we gain ail
the rest of the Union, I suppose we can do
without Delaware.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have heard that re-
mark before. I do not get angry with the
amiable Senator from Alabama. I believe
he has recently taken up his abode in thai
Slate. I believe Alabama was without a na-
tive-born citizen to represent her, and in the
fullness of his heart lie has gone there and
consented to represent her on this floor. Let
me say to him, whether he intends to cast any
reflection on the Stale of Delaware or not, she
stands in the attitude of the mother of his
State, as the first to adopt the Constitution, the
first who declared that Alabama should have
the right to be represented on this floor, the
first to say that a gentleman born in Ohio
might, through the free genius of our insti-
tutions, come from Alabama and represent
Alabama on this floor. ,
Mr. WARNER. I certainly did not intend
and the Senator could not have understood me
to cast any aspersions on the State of Delaware.
I did not say anything of that kind and did not
intend anything of that kind. But if the Sen-
ator wants to claim the State of Alabama as
the child of Delaware I claim for the State of
Alabama that in devotion to correct principles
the child has gotten ahead of the parent.
But, Mr. President, I was speaking of the
general condition of things in the State of Ala-
bama, with which I am most familiar. I say
that while these outrages are being committed
in a few counties, outrages which ought to be
punished, and which if the State authorities
fail to correct, the General Government ought
to intervene and correct, if it is possible con-
stitutionally so to do, yet it is equally true that
the general condition and temper of the peo-
ple are daily and continually improving. Not
only is this true, but it is true that the policy
of the Republican party is gaining steadily
there with the people. I do not know of a
single defection from our party in the State of
any man of any prominence; while on the
other hand I could name many of the leading
men who arc adopting the platform and the
policy of our party. While this is true, while
there is everything hopeful, as I think, in the
general condition of the reconstruction policy
in the South, it is none the less the duty of the
General Government to exercise all its power
in protecting life and property there.
Now, sir, one word in allusion to some re-
marks made by ray colleague, [Mr. SnsxcBii,]
and I have done. In the course of some re-
marks that he made the other day he said :
, " Our generosity has been mistaken and product-
ive) ot almost irreparable mischief."
1 take issue with that declaration. I sav,
and I think the facts in the case and the his-
tory of the country in (lie future will show,
that the wise, generous, magnanimous policy
which our present Ciuef Magistrate inaugu-
rated at Appomattox has boon productive of
good results; and while there are many things
to deplore at the South, yet if a vindictive
policy of confiscation and hanging had been
adopted, the condition of things would have
been vastly worse. 1 say that in the general
prospeuty of the South, in the promise which
there is of peace and stability there, provided
the Government will do its duty, we see the
evidences of the wisdom of this policy of lib-
erality. Wo need a policy of liberality toward
the mass of the people on the one hand, and
of severity toward present criminals oil the
other.
But, sir, my colleague speaks of my having
changed somewhat on this point. If it will be
any satisfaction to him to know, I will assure
him that I have not changed my views on this
question at all. As long ago as the Kith of
May, 1805, at the close of the war, in a private
letter addressed to B. R. Cowen, adjutant
general of Ohio, 1 gave expression to these
sentiments, and five years of observation at the
South have but confirmed me in their wisdom.
1 said then:
"All the people submit utterly, anil a large por-
tion cheerfully, and the work ol loeonstrtietion imd
reconciliation will be easy it not hindered by n vin-
dictive policy of confiscation and hamint,'. linns
all tilo accessories to the President's death, disfran-
chise a few loaders and stop atth at, and in Ihieeyeais
our country will bo lieaier a union of feeline: than
before the war.
" Go at banning, disfranchising, and confiscating ;
give the southern people no interest, in their Gov-
ernment, and wo wi II have in tho South but a con-
quered territory, which will bo a source of weakness
instead of strength to ua for a generation to come.
" The rebellion has been so completely crushed by
force of ami!, the rebellious region has been so en-
tirely overrun anil trampled upon by our armies;
the people oi the South have been ,jo impressed with
our power and wilt, that tho last,'dimmer ot an idea
of separation, present or remote, has vanished from
(heii minds, -tad their every inteicst now prompts
them to becomegood, taithte.t, loyal citizens, as they
will if wo will only let them. Ve have so desolated
and devastated every .State, awl so drenched with
blood tho soil of evory State of the rebellion, that to
talk now of thencccssityof hamrintr and confiscating
by wholesale to 'show to posterity that treason is
dangerous1 is till bosh."
Mr. President, those were my sentiments at
the end of the war; fhey are my sentiments
still. I think that the wise and statesmanlike
view of the subject is a policy of liberality as
toward the rebellion, and a policy of potveras
to the suppression of crime nowand tin;protec-
tion of loyalty. All that there is left to do, and
till that I have advocated, is that Congress
should wipe out the letnainingdisabililies which
rest upon the southern people, in order that
we may meet the cry of proscription that is
raised against us, and that we may say to them,
"Here is the generosity and the liberality of
the great governing party of the country," and
thus disarm tho leaders when they raise this
cry of bitterness and hatred.
In this position I am sustained by the great
body ol Republicans of the South. The Gov-
ernor of my State is in favor of it, and tho
Legislature of my State, by about a two-thirds
vote, haye^ sustained my position. Governor
Keed, of Florida, in his message to the Legis-
lature, in January last, sustains fchea&mo posi-
tioiij in the following language:
"Tho Federal Government, in' restoring to tho
people of tho toouUi their forfeited rights* after the
war, reserved ironi a certain class tho. right to hold
otlico. ibis restriction was deemed necessary to tho
luture protection oftiieGovernment,and was adopted
purely as a measure oi'.safety. Tho course pursued
by many who havo receiver! tho aranest? nndprotec-
tion oi ihe Uovornmcnt indicates the wL^dom of this
precaution. Lut the timowhori such a restriction
was necessary m this Stale'has passed, though not
perhaps in soino of the olher States; I recommend
unit Congress be asked to pass a bill relieving oil
citizens ol_ thift ShUc from disability on nccountoi
participation in tho rebellion, upon their tiling with
the feeerctary of Stato an application for such relief."
Governor McClurg, of Missouri, in his last
message to the Legislature of that State, recom-
mends the same policy in the following words :
Upon such n stato of f.icts hopes may bo reason-
ably entertained that tho period isapproacliing when
tlioso in power may consider whether magnanimity
toward loi'mor enemies may lie exercised 'with
safety to rho >Sii:to,' and political disabilities bo re-
moved trem tnoso who participated in tho late re-
bellion. As wayward states have been restored ami
are bem? restored by national laws to their proper
place*, to support and strengthen the national fabric,
so it in.iy be desirable with those who havo a right
to decide tluit, it shall not uiuoh longer be consid-
ered m onr Stale inconsistent with iti safety to re-
ceive back at supports individuals whoso aliilily to
uphold was but too well proved by tho ability to
pull down."
Governor Bullock, of Georgia, in his late
messngo says:
t ' Let party liues bo extended so as to welcome and
include all who areinlavorni'imparluilsuttV.isouiul
universal amnesty. Under our Statu constitution no
tn.ni is, disfranchised, ami under tho Constitution of
the United ,states no man will bo disqualified li'ma
holding otuco who is icady to maintain and uphold
tho Government.'
The Legislature of Mississippi, the first to
send a colored man as a Senator on this lloor,
the most advanced of all tho States upon tho
line ol political equality, has passed resolutions
in favor of thoromoval of all theso disabilities.
The Senators from Mississippi indorse that
position. The Senator from Mississippi who
sits on the other side of tho Chamber, [Mr,
Rkvi;i,s,] who was the first to come hove to rep-
resent the colored element in our population,
and who represents it so well, so faithfully, ami
so ably, himself presents memorials upou this
question. Upon this ground, as a measure of
peace, as a measure of national policy, as a
measure not only in tho interest of the country
hut in the interest of the Republican parly, I
am sustainedJ)y nearly all tho southern Repub-
licans. Their Legislatures have generally passed
resolutions in favor of it. in my own State
every liepubiiean candidate for Congress in
the State took that ground. .Host of tho con-
ventions in the Suite so declared; and the
preis of Alabama is a unit for it, and they are
all in favor ot it to-day. Weregardit not simply
as a measure of peace, but as the wisest polit
ieaJ policy.
Sir, upon this ground I think when we shall
have ended this matter of reconstruction there
will be but one mind ; i think there will be but
one opinion after we get past these present
difficulties, and that is, that it is wise and best
lo abolish these disabilities. 1 confess 1 appre-
ciate and applaud the noble sentiment of Rob-
ert Purvis, that grand representative of the
colored race, in which ho says :
"As a colored ifi.nt, and a, victim to ftio terrible
tyranny intlietcd by the injustice and prejudice uftiio
nation, X auk 110 right, that X will not give to every
other human beinif."
I think that m the language of Air, liright,
in It is policy toward Ireland, wo may fiml a
lesson for our own condition. lie says:
" V/c havo already given to Ireland free church"!
and tree ;-chooK and 1 hupobc.lui o iori^ tint two ^liatl
sive them free laud ami a froo vote."
These things we havo already given to all the
people of the South—a free vote: and we sub-
stantially give them fre'e land, aud I hope to s; <;
the day when the most liberal legislation will
be adopted, which shall give to the colored
people of ihe South land and education. This
