1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
'Any two members of
to their own bill. If that is what the bill means
it wonld be still more atrocious than I have
urged. It could not be defended upon any
ground in tho world.
Now, sir, without using the word " cancel-
lation" they provide in effect that the notes
shall be canceled because they cannot be paid
out without increasing the aggregate debt. The
Senator from Ohio says they will be kept in
the Treasury vaults. What is the difference
between keeping them in the vaults and can-
celing them? Does it not contract the cur-
rency ? Are they not taken out of the currency ?
Whether they are canceled or kept in the vaults
makes no difference; the resultis just the same
on the public.
But, sir, the weakness of this provision and
the weakness of this bill has been disclosed by
the fact that these two members of the com-
mittee give two constructions to the same pro-
vision ; aud the Senator from Oregon admits
that no two members of the committee agree
about any single provision of this bill
Mr. WILLIAMS.
the Senate," I said.
Mr. MORTON. Well, I believe the mem-
bers of the committee are members of the
Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wantod to include Sen-
ators as well as the committee.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator says that not
alone the members of the committee, but that
no two Senators agree about any single pro-
vision of this bill. This is an excellent rec-
ommendation, especially to come from a mem-
ber of the committee 1 He Raid no two Sen-
ators, and I suppose that includes the members
of the Finance Committee, as they are under-
stood to be very respectable members of the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from Indiana that the Senate seem
to be very unanimously agreed to vote down
every proposition of amendment.
Mr. MORTON. That, I believe, has been
the result on the amendments offered by my
friend from Vermont. I hope the example is
not to be followed in the future.
The Senator from Ohio says that I have been
haunted with the idea of contraction. I have
had the honor to oppose every attempt that
Senator has made to contract the currency
Bince I have been a member of this body, and
I expect to continue my opposition until the
dangers to result from contraction have passed
away. He will be haunted worse than I am
if he shall bring about contraction. He will
be haunted by the spirits of broken m erchants
and ruined and bankrupt business through-
out the country. Sir, the whole country is
opposed to contraction, and there cannot be a
single good argument, in my judgment, to sus-
tain it.
But, again, the gentlemen argue in a circle.
The Senator from Ohio argues in favor of the
necessity of retiring the United States notes,
and then argues that they may be paid out
again, and then argues that under the tenth
section national bank notes will be issued to
take their place, and so there will be no con-
traction after all. The tenth section is an
entirely distinct and separate proposition from
this one. This provides for contracting the
currency and makes no reference to an issne
of national bank notes. The tenth section is
a separate provision. If the legal tenders are
funded under the third section, then no new
bank notes go out, and if banks are started
under the tenth section one note will be can-
celed for the other. Why does he confound
two separate and distinct propositions ? Let
b« keep them entirely distinct.
But, sir, let me come again to the wonderful
contradictions that are brought forward in sup-
port of this section. I have referred already
to two or three; I refer now to another one.
They say there is no danger in this section,
and there is no need of striking out this part
of it, because it will not work anyhow; be-
cause these bonds will not be taken in exchange
for greenbacks. That is a novel line of argu-
ment, to object to improving a section because
the whole section is a nullity. They say there
is no necessity for striking outtliis part, because
the section itself will not work. If it will not
work why do they have it there? Ifthe section is
to be a nullity, why do they object to striking it
out, or why do they object to striking out any
part of it? No, sir; the mere fact that the
section is put here is au affirmation on the part
of the committee—and they say the Secretary
I is in favor of it and thinks it will work, and that
i! he can negotiate these bonds for greenbacks—
i that greenbacks may be funded iuto bonds. I
am willing for the sake of the argument to
take the Secretary at his word, and I say it
will be the most disastrous thing that could
befall this country.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Ohio
made one reference to which I wish to call the
attention of the Senate. He took the case of
the gold panic in New York last fall when gold
ran up to 61. At any time after gold passes
32 these bonds can be sold for greenbacks; and
if we should have another revulsion in the gold
market and gold should again run up as it has
done to-day—for I am told it is 14 this after-
noon—then these notes can be funded into green-
backs very readily, and a contraction of the cur-
rency brought about. The Senator says that
if this law had been in operation last fall when
that panic took place, the bonds would have been
sold for greenbacks. But what would have
been the result if $25,000,000 or $50,000,000
or $100,000,000 of greenbacks had been con-
verted into these bonds ? It would have brought
general bankruptcy on the country, deranging
the whole business of the nation. It is a blessed
thing that the law was not in force at that time,
i and I am not in favor of putting a law on the
! statute-book which in the contingency of
another panic in the gold market might cause
a contraction of the currency to be brought about
to the amount of $30,000,000, $40,000,000,
or $50,000,000, and produce all the evil con-
! sequences to result from contraction.
| 1 remember distinctly that about a year and
J a quarter ago the Senator from Ohio argued
; the evil consequences of returning to specie
payments ; that we should be adding thirty per
cent, to the volume of every man's debts by
returning to specie payments. He portrayed
the evils of it. At that time I was in favor of
returning to specie payments at the end of three
years, of fixing a time for them; but the Sen-
ator showed what terrible consequences had
always followed from returning to specie pay-
ments. I afterward referred to the historical
events upon which he relied, and I showed
conclusively from English history and from
our own that those disastrous consequences
were not brought about by resuming specie
payments, by restoring the currency to its full
value, but were brought about by contraction
in every case.
Now, we are coming to specie payments
without contraction; and where is the great
decline in prices talked about by the Senator
and predicted, and with which he alarmed the
whole country fifteen months ago ? Where is
the ruin, where the bankruptcy, where the
decline in business which was predicted ? No,
sir ; it does not exist. There is a decline of
prices, but brought about by plenty in regard
to breadstuffs, brought about by other circum-
stances ; but so far as the resumption of specie
payments is concerned there is no decline of
prices that can be traced to the influences
of that; and yet we were told that it would
bring about a great decline of prices. As
I said before, the country was thoroughly
alarmed on that subject. Now we are com- !
ing to specie payments, perhaps in one half
of the time I desired, and yet the terrible j
consequences that were to result have not '
taken place; and why? Because there has !
been no contraction; and if we shall go on j
as we are now going on we can come to specie j
payments without^ any of the terrible conse-
quences then predicted by the Senator.
But he thinks we are not coming to specie
payments fast enough now and we must hasten
them by contracting the currency. Sir, it is
the contraction that will accomplish the very
evils which he then predicted would result from
the resumption of specie payments. You may
search the financial history of the world and
you can nowhere find that restoring the cur-
rency to its value, bringing the note up from
eighty or ninety cents to one hundred cents in
point of value, has ever injured the people;
but when it has been done in connection with
the withdrawal of nearly one half of the vol-
ume of the currency, as was the casein England
at that disastrous period to which the Senator
then referred, then you will have those conse-
quences. I would say, let us go on now as we
are going on ; let us leave this currency with
the people.
But the Senator from Oregon says that to
adopt my amendment will be the "deliberate
expression of this Congress that the green-
backs are not worth a four per cent. bond. No
such thing. It will be the deliberate judg-
ment of this Congress that we shall not now
contract the currency. That is all it will be.
It will be the judgment of this Congress that
we shall let well enough alone and go on as we
are now going. That is all the judgment it,
will express. Sir, the people do not want this
currency retired. The Senator would hold out
the idea that because these notes are not now
taken up and provided for, the people are dis-
satisfied, and treat the greenbacks as dishon-
ored and unpopular. Why, sir, it is the most
popular currency we have ever had. The peo-
ple do not want it substituted by national bank
notes.
Now let me refer to another fact. What has
been the staple argument of the Democratic
party for the last two years? That if we would
retire the national bank notes and put legal-
tender notes in their place we could save the
amount of interest upon the bonds that the
additional legal-tender notes would purchase.
We have met that argument in various ways;
but now the proposition is made that we shall
fund the legal-tender notes and add to the in-
terest-bearing debt to that extent. If you fund
the whole of them you will add $15,000,000
annually to your interest; and if you issue in
their place national bank notes under the tenth
section, which is a direct proposition that in
order to make room for national bank notes we
shall retire the greenbacks and issue national
bank notes, you add $15,000,000 annually to
the interest of the public debt.
Sir, I am opposed to the whole proposition.
The people do not want it. When we get back
to specie payments and our notes have come
to par it will be time enough then for us to
determine; we shall then be masters Of the
situation.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Indiana whether he is in favor
of calling in the $300,000,000 of bank circu-
lation now out and puttinggreenbacks in their
place, and thereby saving $18,000,000 more?
Mr. MORTON. I am not in favor of that
proposition; I have on other occasions perhaps
given my reasons why I am not in favor of it;
but because I am not in favor of that I am not
necessarily in favor of this measure. We can-
not render a reason now to the country for
retiring the legal-tender notes either without
putting national bank notes in their places or
by putting national bank notes there. But
mark, now, the proposition that I am discuss-
ing does not involve the question of putting
national bank notes in place of the greenbacks.
The provision that I propose to strike out does
not contemplate the issue of a corresponding
amount of national bank notes, but simply
provides for funding the greenbacks to any
extent in the discretion of the Secretary of the^
Treasury.
But I must notice the argument ad terrorem
