5646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
to have been taken on this point, this specifi-
cation is dismissed.
The ninth specification-is as follows:
"9. Because the clerk of Union county certified to
the secretary of State that you received 862 votes in
that county, and that I received in that county 687
votes; whereas I received in that county 699 votes;
the same being an error of twelve votes in my favor,
as is shown by the returns of the board of canvassers
and tally-papers of said county."
In reply the contestee, Mr. Julian, makes
answer to the foregoing as follows: that the
said Julian was duly elected by 700 majority.
He makes reply to the second and sixth
specifications of the contestant as follows:
"And for further answer to the second, sixth, and
seventh causes assigned for said contest, the said
respondent says that at said election, at the north
precinct in Wayne township, 1,112 votes were polled
for this respondent, and 427 votes for the contestant,
the registry of the votes for said precinct having been
legally and regularly made, and the election thereat
being legally conducted in all things, and the votes
there given to this respondent being legally given;
and at the south precinct in said township. 660 legal
votes were polled for this respondent, and522 forth©
contestant, though it is true that there were counted
as having been voted at said south precinct 475 votes
only for this respondent, and 676 votes for the con-
testant. But this respondent, in this connection,
alleges it to be true that said vote so taken at said
south precinct was illegal, unauthorized, fraudulent,
and void, and was correctly so held by the board of
convassersof Wayne county, and by said board prop-
erly rejected, and was not counted as forming any
part of the legal vote polled at said township of
Wayne, in this, to wit:
"1. There was no registry for said precinct of the
legal voters resident therein.
*"2. The officers conducting the clcetion at said
precinct were not residents within the limits of the
same, or legal voters therein.
"3. The officersconductingthesaid election atsaid
precinct announced the result of the voting on sev-
eral occasions before the polls were closed.
"4. The othcers conducting said election at said
precinct removed the ballot-box, tally-papers, &c.,
from the place of holding said election to another
place in the north precinct, where the votes were
counted and the final result made known.
"5. The officers conducting said election in said
precinct, during the time of taking in votes, and be-
fore the counting out was closed, adjourned on three
several occasions, leaving the ballot-box alone and
exposed to be tampered with by evil-disposed per-
sons for at least forty minutes at each time.
"6. Before the vote was finally countcd out and the
result made known, 169 ballots, which had been
legally deposited in the ballot-box by legal voters
of said precinct for this respondent, were fraudu-
lently removed from said box, and 169 ballots, with
the name thereon of the contestant, fraudulently put
in said boxin lieu thereof, by means of which fraud-
ulent conduct in making said exchange of ballots,
the vote of this respondent atsaid precinct was made
to appear to be only 475, and the vote of the contest-
ant was made to appear to be 676, and the same were
so counted, and subsequently rejected as above
stated, the count so made showing a majority at
said precinct of 201 votes for the contestant,%hen in
truth and in fact the actual majority of legal votes
polled at said precinct for this respondent was 138."
In answer to the third, fourth, and fifth
specifications of the contestant, the contestee,
Mr. Julian, responds as follows :
" And for further answer to the third, fourth, and
fifth eauscs for the contest, this respondent says he
knows personally nothing as to the facts therein al-
leged, but he has been informed that a few votes of
this character were polled for the contestant at one
or more of the polls named and rejected, but that
the same were subsequently placed to his credit and
counted by the secretary of State, thus diminishing
the majority of this respondent to what it is stated
to be in the official papers on file."
The contestee, Mr. Julian, denies the truth
of the seventh specification of the contestant,
and avers that the poll of said north precinct
of Wayne township was regular and legal.
The eighth specification of the contestant
we have already dismissed. To the ninth speci-
fication he makes reply that the charge is not
true.
The contestee, Mr. Julian, in addition to
th<3 foregoing, makes nine counter-charges in
his answer.
Inasmuch as the sitting member has not
taken much evidence in regard to these sev-
eral counter-charges, and they have not been
seriously pressed in the argument, and their
consideration and decision would not change
the result, I shall not consider them further in
my argument. The answers of Mr. Julian
need no further especial attention, except as
they may be considered in examining the
charges of the contestant. The first specifica-
tion of contestant and first part of the answer
of contestee are general, and need no exam-
ination. This reduces our issues to five in
number, to wit:
1. North poll of Wayne township, in Wayne
county, as assailed by contestant in his fourth
and seventh specifications.
2. Washington township, Wayne county, two
votes for Reed, intended for Reid. (Third
specification.)
3. Clay township, Wayne county, certain
tickets for John S. Reed, intended for John
S. Reid. (Fifth specification.)
4. Union county clerk returned 687 for Reid
instead of 699. (Ninth specification.)
5. Rejection of south poll of Richmond, in
Wayne county. (Second and sixth specifica-
tions.)
We now proceed to consider thesefive several
issues in the order named.
First. In regard to the north poll of Rich-
mond, Mr. Reid complains thus in his seventh
specification:
"7. Because the board of canvassers of the said
county of "Wayne illegally and without rightreceived
and counted the vote of the north precinct of Wayne
township, containing 1,589 votes, and of which you
received 1,112 votes and 1247 votes; the whole vote
of said poll being illegal and void in this: that no
proper registry was made of said precinct according
to law; that the persons appointed to make said regis-
try were not freeholdersas required by law; that the
board of judges ofsaid poll and precinct did not con-
tinue in session at the place of voting and count the
whole number of tickets as required by law, but
did adjourn and remove the ballot-box and ballots
therein to another and different room than that in
which the poll was had and where the ballots were
cast, and counted the same at another and different
place, in violation of and contrary to law."
It is conceded on all hands that these two
precincts were originally one; that in 1867
they were separated, or rather the southern or
second precinct was formally established ; that
the registration of the entire city was made
by the same officers, and duplicate copies fur-
nished, so that one copy might be present at
each poll. The contestant makes no other
charges of fraud or irregularities against this
poll, and in his argument concedes its validity,
and seems to have introduced the issue byway
of an answer to contestee's charge against the
southern precinct. We do not think the charge
has been sustained.
Before proceeding to consider the next issue
we desire to notice some admissions of the
parties. The certificate of the secretary of
State of Indiana shows that Mr. Julian received
13,418 votes, and Mr. Reid 13,297 votes, being
a majority of 116 votes for Mr. Julian. It is
*£lso admitted that in this return the vote of
second precinct of Richmond was not included,
and that this vote showed for Mr. Reid 676,
and for Mr. Julian 475.
Second. In the second issue Mr. Reid claims
2 additional votes in Washington township,
Wayne county. He asserts that they were
spelled "Reed" instead of "Reid." Wefind
by a reference to exhibit No. 1, page 32, that
9 votes were returned for John S. Reed in
Wayne county. But the secretary of State
added t&ese votes to those of John S. Reid.,
and the contestant cannotobtain any additional
credit on this account. Mr. Reid now aban-
dons his original ground of complaint in regard
to these 2 votes, and argues that they were
rejected by reason of certain marks or embel-
lishments found upon the tickets, and that such
rejection was improper. The law of Indiana
compels the rejection of such tickets. Con-
testant did not produce said tickets to show the
character of the marks thereon, nor did he
specify any such reason in his notice of con-
test. He cannot, therefore, have this credit
upon this ground. A plaintiff cannot be per-
mitted to sue for a farm, and when defendant
proves on the trial that he paid for the farm
change his ground and ask to recover the price
of a lot. Had he named both properties in his
bill or declaration the defendant might have
been prepared to prove payment of both.
Third. Clay township, Wayne county. The
specification in this case is the same as the one
just considered. Mr. Reid does not now pre-
tend that anything of the kind occurred ; but;
he shifts his ground and says the officers of the
election made a mistake of eleven votes. This
mayor may not be true. It cannot be allowed
by any rule of practice known to your commit-
tee. The reasons given in the case of Wash-
ington township apply here; besides, the evi-
dence is uncertain and the alleged mistake was
discovered and certified by the officers after
their duties were discharged and they were
fundus officio. Their pretended correction
was not produced; could have no validity if
present; and besides, the correction of this
error, if admitted, would not affect the result.
Fourth. Mr. Reid,in hisniniii specification,
charges that in Union county the clerk certi
fled for him 687 votes, whereas in fact he
received 699 votes. We find on page 49 a cer-
tificate of the clerk of the court stating that the
canvassers had made a mistake of 5 votes
against Mr. Reid. We know of no law author-
izing such certificate. The original returns
are on file and must speak for themselves. We
do find, however, that Mr. Reid has put them
all in evidence. They are contained on pages
43, 44, 45, 46, 47,48, and 49. They show that
the vote of Mr. Reid in said county was as
follows:
Centre township  116
Union township  81
Harmony township 
Liberty township  142
Brownsville township  215
Harrison township  69
In all  C92'
In the district return, on page 32, Mr. Reid
is credited in this county with 687 votes. He
did not receive 699, as he avers; but he did
receive 692, being five more than he was
allowed upon the return. This credit of five
votes is now allowed him, and the majority of
Mr. .Julian is thereby reduced to 111 votfes.
Fifth. The fifth and last issue is much the
most importantone involved in the case. It is
embraced in the second and sixth specifications
of Mr. Reid, and relates to the south poll of
Richmond. We have already given the charges
of Mr. Julian against this poll, as contained in
his answer.
In order that the questions involved in this
issue may be properly understood and justly
decided, we quote the several sections of the
statutes of Indiana bearing upon the points in
dispute.
Sections four, five, and six of an act regu
lating elections, &c., approved June 7, 1852
(see Statutes of Indiana, volume one, 306
&c.,) read as follows:
"Sec. 4. In case such board shall designate mort
places of voting in any township, or form a precinct
of two or more townships, such board shall annually
at the June term appoint some elector of such ne\i
prcciuct to act as inspector thereof, and such in-
spector shall previously to the time of opening the
election select two qualified voters of the precinct,
who, with himself, shall constitute a board of judges
of such election, and such board shall appoint two
clerks; but in case there is but one precinct in a
township, and such township forms a precinct, such
clcctions shall be conducted bytheofficeis and regu-
lated by the laws provided for tho government of
such township, except as herein otherwise provided;
and in ease there is more than one precinct in any
such township, and there shall not be in attendance
on the day and at the hour appointed for any such
election the officers authorized to conduct the same,
the qualified electors present shall choose such offi-
cers according to the regulations hereinafter pro-
vided in section six of this act.
"Sue. 5. Each electorshall vote in thetownshio or
precinct in which he resides.
"Sec. 6. Each inspector or judge of elections shall
attendat the^ place of holding elections in this town-
ship or precinct at or before eight o'clock in the
niorning of the day of elections; and should such
inspector not appear at that hour then the qualified
electors of that township or precinct who may be
present shall appoint an inspector of the election,
and such inspectorshall proceed to elect two judges,
and such judges shall elect two clerks, as provided
in section four of this act."
The third section of this act was amended
by an act passed March 17, 1859, so as to read
as follows, (same book, page 307:)
"The township trustee shall, by virtue of his
office, be inspector of elections of such township,
