8758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mnv 24,
than two months before they will be acquainted
with the text of this bill. That is the fact
about it Therefore, to say that you should
pass it now and let it take effect now, in order
that it may be knowu in Oregon, is simply to
adduce a reason that, with great submission to
my friend from Oregon, whose judgment I
greatly esteem and whose candor I admire, is
not and cannot be a sufficient reason for pass-
ing this bill to-day.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator if he
proposes to delay the passage of this bill until
after the 6th of June, or what he proposes to
do about it? I understand him to desire to 1
have the bill laid on the table and printed. Of
course, if that is done, it will come up for con- i
sideration in the course of a day or two, and !
will inevitably pass and take effect before the j
6th day of June. Now, the sooner it passes 1
the better for the people of Oregon. I will state !
to the Senator that the colored people (there
are but few of them) in the State of Oregon
who will be benefited by the passage of this
bill reside in cities and at points to which the
substance of this bill will be telegraphed in a day
or two from the time of its passage. I am very
anxiou3 to have it passed, because some of the
Democratic conventions in the State of Oregon ;
have solemnly resolved to resist the exercise
of the elective franchise by the black men of I
that State by force. I want to have them un-
derstand that there is a law in force to prevent
that. That is all that is necessary to secure
the exercise of the franchise by the black men
in Oregon.
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand the hon-
orable Senator from Oregon to say that the
Legislature of that State have passed a law
prohibiting black citizens from voting?
. Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir. I say that some
of the Democratic conventions in some of the
counties have resolved that they would resist
the exercise of the elective franchise by colored
persons, by force at the polls.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope they will try it after
we pass this act.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe I have the
floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio
is entitled to the floor, and must not be inter-
rupted without his consent.
Mr. THORMAN. I have no knowledge of
that; bat if there were such foolish people out
there it would be no reason why such a great
measure as this should be hurried through Con-
gress in this way. When the Senator from
Oregon assumes that this bill is to pass, he may
be right for aught I know; but as a Senator
here, supposing lhatthe Senate is only desirous
of passing a correct bill, I cannot assume that
this bill will pass at all. Further, I cannot
assume that if it does pass it will be made to
take effect immediately upon its passage. I
should like to see this reportof the committee ;
I should like to have it in print; I should like
to see what change it makes in the bill as it
passed the Senate; and perhaps if every Sen-
ator saw it this bill would not pass just in this
form; the report of the committee of confer-
ence would not be agreed to. Then what
would take place? You would have another
committee of conference and it would be per-
fectly competent for that committee of confer-
ence, and I believe it would be competent even
now, to make this billtakeeffectatsome future
day. But certainly if it were sent back to the
committee of conference I think that commit-
tee might provide that it should take effect at
some future day ; at all events they might make
it different from what it now is. Therefore it
will not do to assume that this report of the
committeeof conference is to be simply adopted
as a matter of course.
The motion is not for any mere purpose of
delay. What interest have we that we should
merely delay you ? No interest whatsoever. We
know very well that you will pass some meas-
ure of this sort. Yoij,r votes have proved that
you will pass some measure of this sort. We
can luave no interest whatever but to make
that measure as little obnoxious as possible to
any just criticism.
The Senator from Oregon is a lawyer, and
a good one, and so is the Senator from Ver-
mont, and they know just as well as can be
that there is no subject that requires of law-
yer or of judge a more careful study than the
words of a statute.
The Senator from Oregon has sat on the
bench. Many an hour has he pondered over
a statute to find out, what? To find out in the
language of the law books what was the inten-
tion of the Legislature, and he has puzzled over
a word, or the collocation of a word, or a par-
ticular part of a branch of a sentence and its
position in that sentence, to try and find out,
with the whole power of his intellect brought
to the task, what was the legislative meaning.
And now, sir, we are asked to adopt, in hot
haste, this report of a committee of conference
without a single Senator here who was not on
that committee of conference ever having had
the opportunity to sit down carefully and see
what would be the text of this bill if this con-
ference committee report should be adopted.
That is a pretty illustration of the care with
which laws are passed by the highest legisla-
tive body, we used to hear it said, in the world,
certainly the highest legislative body in the
United States. That is the care with which a
law that bristles all over with penalties and with
punishments is to be passed here, without one
single Senator who was not on that committee
of conference sitting down and seeing where
the proposed amendments come in, seeing
what is stricken out, seeing how the bill will
read if amended as the committee of confer-
ence propose, and seeing then, upon a review
of the whole bill, what will be its scope and its
legal effect. You have the numerical power to
doit; I do not know but that you will do it; but
I do trust that you will not do this thing. I do
trust you will lay this bill on the table and let
it be printed. You can call it up to-morrow.
You have the majority to call it up whenever
you please; but let it be printed with the pro-
posed amendments, as other bills are printed
with proposed amendments, and let every Sen-
ator see for himself when the bill is called up
to-morrow what it really is.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the pressure
of other duties prevented me from being in the
Senate during the last week, while this bill was
being discussed. I have, however, endeavored
to inform myself, and used every diligence to
do so, of its contents and character; and since
it was made the subject of a committee of con-
ference I have listened as intelligently as I could
to the explanation given by members of that
committee; indeed, when it became practica-
ble that I should obtain the report and read it
over I have done so, being constantly inter-
rupted by others, who desired to have the same
information as myself.
It is therefore plain, as the case is before
the Senate, that one member of the body at
least, with an honest intention to inform him-
self as to a very grave measure proposed for
his vote, has been unable, by the exercise of
all due diligence, to obtain the proper knowl-
edge. I desire upon this bill to express my
views. It is not only my right, but it is my
duty ; and I propose to do so. I propose to
do so, with all respect for the body and for
myself; with care and with proper means of
information.
Is there not something due to the dignity of
legislation? Is there not something due to
ourselves in this matter ; due from each Sen
ator to himself in regard to this thing of forcing
a measure through as a law the importance
of which canuot be overestimated, the novelty
of which at least will not be questioned—a law
which, in my humble opinion, amounts to a
step; almost iu revolution of everything that
was known iu regard to the former practice
and organization of our Government Y I do
trust in this case that the Senate will suffer
this bill to be printed, that at least we may see
and be able to read that upon which we are to
vote to-morrow.
The result of the report of this committee
of conference is to change this bill in most im-
portant particulars. Senators are aware that
in the bill passed by the Senate last week, laid
within five minutes upon our desks fresh from
the hands of the printer, there are twenty-one
sections. In the bill brought before us by this
report in manuscript by the committee of con-
ference there are twenty-three sections; and
not only that, but whole previous sections have
been taken out and others have been substi-
tuted, entirely changing their character. I do
say that it is impossible for a man, unless he
was a member of the committee of conference,
to understand what their action has been ; and
we should have an opportunity, the ordinary,
reasonable, legal opportunity, of seeing in print
a measure of this importance. I trust, there-
fore, that the Senate will suffer this bill to
be printed. The majority have, as has been
said by the honorable Senator from Ohio, the
numerical power in this Chamber to do just as
they please in regard to calling up and passing
measures. I trust they will at least regard the
rights of the minority sufficiently to let us see
what we are to vote for, and to speak our
minds, however feebly, against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) Is the Senate ready for the
question?
Mr. SAULSBURY. What is the question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On con-
curring in the report of the committee of con-
lerence.
Mr. STOCKTON. I withdrew the motion
when you were not in the chair, Mr. President,
that 1 had made to lay the bill on table and
to print the report. I withdrew it to allow the
Senator from Ohio to speak.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
has not been renewed.
Mr. STOCKTON. I now renew that mo-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Jersey moves that the bill lie on the
table and be printed with the report of the
committee of conference.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I submit that the point
of order which I made has not been decided.
I wish a decision on it at least. I made the
point; I am entitled to have it decided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from New Jersey withdraw his motion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know what the
point of order is.
Mr. STOCKTON. If the Senator from Dela-
ware desires me to withdraw my motion, I will
do so.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I want the point of
order decided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot be
entertained while a motion to lay on the table
is pending. If the Senator from New Jersey
withdraws the motion to lay on the table, the
Chair will entertain the point of order.
Mr. STOCKTON. I withdraw it for that
purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator.
from Delaware will state his point of order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. My point of order is
that this report contains new matter, separate
sections, matter which was never under con-
sideration by the Senate or the House of Repre-
sentatives; and containing such new matter
as was never before the subject of considera-
tion by the Senate or the House, and not being
in reference to any matter of disagreement
between the two Houses, this report cannot
be received as the report of a committee of
conferenee.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg leave to suggest to
my friend from Delaware that he coald make
his point very much more distinctly and effect-
ively if we had the bill printed before us so
that he coald point'out exactly what he says
