1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3759
is the new matter not covered by the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses. I think
the question had better be taken first on the
motion to print.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Very well.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I move that the
bill be laid on the table and that the report be
printed.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask my friend from
Ohio to withdraw the motion for the present.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. The history of this bill
in its passage through the body ought of itself,
without one word said by any of us, to be a
caution to the Senate sufficient to make the
majority here, of its own motion, order this
bill to be printed as a portion of the report of
the committee without taking final action upon
it. One of the worst provisions of the bill
as it passed this body and as it went to the
committee of conference, was a provision
which escaped the notice of nearly every one
of the minority of this body, and I verily believe
of a very considerable portion of the majority
of the Senators in this body. I refer to those
provisions which were taken out of a bill for
the enforcement of the fourteenth amendment.
Now, is it a fit thing that legislation of that
importance should go through the American
Congress unknown to those members who had
taken the greatest interest in informing them-
selves, as well as to that large body of other
members whose right it was to know upon what
they were voting? The discussion to which
that most extraordinary fact, that most sig-
nificant feature in the passage of the Senate
bill gave rise, is fresh in the memories of Sen-
ators. I shall not undertake to show how far
the course of the majority, in forcing the Sen-
ate bill through to a final vote at a midnight
session of unusual duration, without the least
public demand or exigency for such a proceed-
ing, contributed to such a result; how far it
contributed to the making, to the enacting into
a law of provisions which were not supposed
or understood by a considerable portion of the
body to be in the bill that was before it.
Sir, I mean to say that in the history of
legislation in free Governments by deliberative
bodies that occurrence stands without paral-
lel ; and yet, in the face of that, is it not sur-
prising that members of the majority, Senators
who are supposed to be gentlemen of reflec-
tion, who comprehend what is of the_ essence
of a division of the legislative power into two
branches, and how far deliberation, understand-
ing, intelligent action go to form legislation,
should not merely hesitate, but oppose the prop-
osition for the printing of this bill and of the
report of the committee?
Sir, what harm can result from delay? I
heard the most extrardinary avowal of the
Senator from Nevada—an avowal that, I take
it, he will live to regret—that the object of
passing this bill to-day was to affect the elec-
tions in Virginia—municipal elections, local
elections. This bill is to be put through, by
the avowal of the Senator who has charge of
it, and who must bo deemed^ to represent the
views of his party associates in regard to it, to
affect, to influence those elections. Why, sir,
what a confession I what a disclosure!
Two views,may be taken of it: first, the
impropriety, the oppression of proposing to
enact a law for the regulation of elections m
the State of Virginia which cannot possibly be
known at more than one tenth of the polling
places in that State in time for anybody, officer
r or voter, to regulate his conduct thereby. I
have listened with sorrow and amazement to
lawyers in this body, for whom personally I
have the highest regard, seriously contending
that that was admissible legislation The tyrant
was execrable, and deserved to be, in old times,
as my friend from Ohio said, and his memory
has been a stench in the nostrils ot humanity
from that time to this, who so contrived his
laws in characters so small and exposed at so
great an elevation from the ground that it was
impossible for his people to read them; and
he punished them in virtue of laws which he
intended they should not understand. It is
proposed here to punish the people of Virginia,
the officers of election and voters, by the hun-
dreds, yea, by the thousands, under laws which
it is not intended they shall have the oppor-
tunity to understand—I will not say intended,
but which, in the nature of things, it is impos-
sible that they can understand. And the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] of whose
views I am accustomed to think with respect,
and of whom I certainly never shall speak
except with respect, seriously suggested that
such was the common practice and policy in
Federal legislation, and that in such a case
probably a citizen who offended against the law
would receive in due time, after he had been
indicted and convicted, an immunity by par-
don.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If he should be.
Mr. CASSERLY. If he should be prose-
cuted and convicted. Why, Mr. President, is
there nothing in the obedience which the cit-
izen owes to the law? Is there nothing in the
pride of character of the American citizen
which leads him, not only to obey the law which
he himself has made, but which makes him
regard as a blemish, worse almost than death,
that he should be by the tribunals of his coun-
try adjudged in an indictment and in a convic-
tion as a criminal who has disobeyed the law?
Does the Senator from Vermont propose to
outrage and to violate that wide-spread and
pervading sentiment of our people? Does lie
count the man of America as so poor a thing
that after his character has had a cloud put ;
upon it by tho action of the law and the officers
of the law, without any fault of his, he may be j
relieved from the physical consequences of the
offeuse by a pardon? Does he consider that j
in the inflamed and excited condition of the {
States which are yet struggling and groaning
and agonizing in your reconstruction there are ;
not likely to be a great many prosecutions by j
malicious and angry men against each other |
under this law ? I
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend from California a question, as he has
alluded to his surprise at what I had said. As
my friend from California expresses his sur-
prise that I should have stated the practice in
Federal legislation to be to have all laws take
effect on their passage, I wish to ask him if he
knows a single instance in the history of Fed-
eral legislation in which it has been provided
that any law should take effect in futuro, with
the exception of one or two instances that I
am aware of as to tariff acts affecting revenue?
Mr. CASSERLY. My friend from Vermont
is an able lawyer and a well-read one ; but per-
haps there is scarcely anything that has struck
me about him more than his extreme ingenu-
ity. Now, I think the Senator from Vermont
understands that I did not so much express
my surprise at his stating a fact in reference to
Federal legislation  
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then it i3 the fact.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not admit that.
But I was surprised at this, that the Senator
from Vermont should have alleged that, as he
did allege it, as a reason why such legislation
should be countenanced by this body. That
was the connection, and that was the motive
with which be referred to that fact. I do not
understand the fact to exist. My friend from
Ohio, who I think has had more experience
than any of us in reference to these statutes,
questions it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Show us the law, if you
please, that has taken effect in the future.
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir; by<aU the rules
of presumption, by all the respect that we owe
to the Congress of the United States, as the
legislature which represents in certain elements
the entire civilization, humanity, wisdom, and
justice of the American people, it is for the
Senator from Vermont to show the facts that
he alleges to exist. Why, sir, it is difficult to
imagine anything more inhuman, unjust, and
wicked than such a policy would be. When
at the common law the rule was that an act of
Parliament related back to the beginning of
the session, so that men were put to death for
acts which when they committed them were ho
offenses, men were deprived of their property,
were attainted, and their memories dishonored.
I doubt not when first the common sentiment
of humanity began to move against such a
crime against itself as that was there were a
great many learned arguments, and there was
a good deal of close logical reasoning, to show
why, upon the whole, that was a good system ;
but I believe, intrenched though it was in usage,
in power, and in the imperfect perceptions of
a half-enlightened and half-civilized age, it had
in time to give way, and it went down to its
doom before the indignant execration and
aroused sentiment of that people.
Why, sir, in the system of law which domi-
nates the greater part of the civilized world to-
day—the civil law—no such thing is heard of
as a statute, especially a statute of penalties,
which takes effect immediately on its passage.
The rule of the civil law is that the effect of a
statute shall date from its promulgation, and
except where it has been altered, in the countries
on the continent of Europe, by positive law,
it remains the law to this day. I am not aware
that in any important country on the continent
it has been altered by positive law ; and I make
the reservation that unless it has been, that is
the rule of the civil law.
Now, sir, if your committee of conference
i could have made the changes in the Senate bill
I which it has made and brought in here, what
! was the difficulty in its making a change so
consonant to humanity and reason and to jus-
tice as one which should fix the operation of
this statute at a period twenty or thirty day3 in
the future ?
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
i has spoken of his own State, and of the elec-
| tion there, and of the necessity for passing this
statute immediately, so as to give notice there.
Sir, the Senator knows much more of his
State than I can pretend to know ; but I think
I understand enough of its physical conforma-
tion to be able to say—and 1 presume it will
not be seriously disputed—that though we
should pass this statute to-day, and though
with a haste which I will not anticipate, be-
cause I never should deem it excusable, tho
bill should be returned here by the Executive
officer of the country to-morrow, even then
there would be no possibility of carrying the
manifold, involved, minute details of the
twenty-two or twenty-three sections of which
this prolix bill is composed to the knowledge
of more than a third at the most of the voting
places in the State of Oregon.
The Senator from Oregon took a manly and
a generous and, in my judgment, a wise part
during the discussion of the Senate bill. I
regret that he should have receded from the
ground which he then took so far as to be
induced to urge upon the Senate the speedy
passage of a bill which is not called for by
any public exigency, and which must work the
! greatest injustice, especially if enforced at the
j hands of vindictive and excited people through-
out certain parts of the country.
At least, sir, let us proceed with a decent
deliberation; let us proceed with a proper de-
gree of gravity; let us give what time is neces-
sary to acquaint the people of the country,
so far as we can, before this bill becomes a law
by the signature of the President, that such a
bill will probably become a law; so that when
it shall have received the final signature which
completes the enactment of it as a statute of
the United States there will be fewer innocent
people, fewer ignorant people suffer in their
innocence and in their ignorance under it than
there will otherwise be.
