1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4703
of Lewis D. Smith. The amendments were,
in line five, to strike out the words ''moneys
and," and in lines seven and eight to strike
out "$1,861 28" and insert " $1,476."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a reduc-
tion of $400 in the appropriation.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendments of the House of
Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
loyal census-takers of i860.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 09) to pay loyal citizens in the States
lately in rebellion for services in taking the
United States census of 1800.
The amendment was to add to the bill the
following proviso:
Provided, That satisfactory evidenceshall be sub-
mi tted to the proper accounting officers that theelaim-
ants under this act have never received compensa-
tion for their services from any source whatever.
The amendment was concurred in.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents resolutions ofthe PhiladelphiaTypograph-
ical Union, No. 2, asking the Senate to increase
the specific djity on foreign books to at least
twenty-five cents per pound, and stating briefly
the effect of this change upon the printers of
this country. The resolutions are very brief,
and if there be no objection they will be or-
dered to be printed in the Globe and laid upon
the table, the Committeee on Finance having
reported upon the subject.
The resolutions are as follows :
IIallof Philadelphia Typogex.phioalUxios.Ko.2,
no. 32 south seventh street^
Philadelphia, June 18,1870.
To the President of the Senate of the United States :
Sir: At a stated meeting of Union No. 2, held this
evening, thefollowingpreamblo and resolutions were
adopted, and, in accordance with the instructions
therein contained, are submitted for the consider-
ation of your honorable body:
Whereas a bill has recently passed the House ot
representatives, and is now before the benate lor
action, fixing the rate of duty on books imported into
the United States at fifteen cents per pound, being a
discrimination in favor of foreign publishers; and
whereas such discrimination will materially tend to
place themanufacturingandpublifihmg ot our books
in foreign hands, to the manifest disadvantage ol our
own printers and publishers; and whereas tae print-
ers of the United States should notbe forced to com-
pete with the underpaid labor of Europe: 1 herelore,
Remlved. That the Senateofthe United States be,
and is hereby, respectfully requested to increase the
specific duty on foreign books to at least twenty-live
CeJiesKd,°Thatan official copy of these resolutions
be forwarded to the Senate and lIou.se 01 licpre-
eentatives ofthe United
Hugh S. Dckborow, Recording Secretary.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a petition, very
numerously signed by officers of insurance
companies in the State of New York and ot
other States, touching the "bill for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled
wholly or in part by steam." The particular
prayer of this petition is that the bill be so
amended as to require the attachment and use
upon their boilers of such apparatus as shall
afford written charts, showing at all times the
pressure or internal strain within all boilers
under their supervision, and which charts shall
shall at all times be subject to their inspection.
I believe the appropriate reference o. this
petition is the Committee on Commerce; and
i move that it take that reference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I also present proceed-
ings of a meeting held by the limon League
club of the city of New York, and as they are
very brief, I ask that they be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
At a special meeting of the Umon Icasuc Club
held on Thursday evening. Juno lb, 13,0, til- tollow
in;; resolutions were adopted: , , , .
JMomI. That, in the opinion of this Jlub the 0est
interests of t lie people require a e^cstul i (, lsi101of
the national tax list, an cuu.,ib:si.iOEi ot U:ution,
mid a reduction of taxes to the lowest pointconsis.
the income tax shall be levied until and including
1870, and no longer, is a solemn compact with the
people, which good faith requires should be sacredly
observed.
Resolved, That in this country labor can in no sense
be considered capital subject to taxation, and that
there is now no imminent peril to the public credit
requiring that salaries, wages, and labor in its vari-
ous forms, shall be subject to onerous, discriminating,
and inquisitorial taxation.
Resolved, That an income tax, as embodied in the
bill which recently passed the House of Represent-
atives, upon income derived from profits 01 capital
in trade or business, or in the form of invested .prop-
erty, and levied solely upon income above a lino of
exemption which in fact exempts more than four
fifths of the income of the same class of accumulated
wealth as a subject to the tax, and which will bo
imposed upon less than one hundred thousand per-
sons, is an act of arbitrary exaction, violating the
treat and fundamental principle of equality of all
efore the law, and wholly unwarranted in the pres-
ent peaceful and prosperous condition of the coun-
try.
Resolved, That nothing in the foregoing resolutions
is intended to indicate a diminished conviction that
the payment of the public debt and the return to
specie payment ought to take place as speedily as
possible.
A true extract from the minutes.
T. LANGDON WARD,
Secretary.
ion VI CU.vcs w v.'j- -
cut with the preservation ol the PiMic i."  •
Remlved, That the act ot Congress jiruvulm
that
Mr. CONKLING. In moving, as I shall,
that these resolutions lie on the table, the bill
to which they relate having been reported, I
beg to say that I think they ought to commend
themselves to the consideration of the Senate,
not only by reason of the eminent patriotism
and intelligence of the body from which they
come, but ofthe wholesome and cogent truths
which they express. I concur, for my own
part, in everything they say. I move that they
lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Florida, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a mail route between Leesburg
and Pine Level, via Sumpterville, Benton, and
Fort Meade ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
lie also presented the petition of Joaquin
Sierra, widow of Joseph Sierra, praying pay-
ment of an amount due her husband as col-
lector of customs at Pensacola, hlorida; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CATTELL. I present a petition signed
by John Peace and others, consumers of steel
in the manufacture of tools and machinery,
representing that since the establishment of
American works for the manufacture of the
various grades of steel the quality of standard
brands has become better and more uniform,
and the price has been reduced. They there-
fore respectfully request that in the new tariff
bill before Congress the rates recommended
by the Committee of Ways and Means in the
bill reported to the House be. adopted. _ As
our committee have reported on this subject,
I move that the petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I present the petition
of James Madison Jones, of Georgia, setting
forth that the stay laws and exemption laws in
Georgia operate so as to prevent the collection
of debts, and asking some relief which will
enable creditors to collect honest dues. 1
move that it be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petition
of Edward F.- Stokes, of Greenville Court-
House, South Carolina, praying the removal
of his political disabilities ; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal ot
Political Disabilities. .
lie also presented a petition of citizens ot
Chesterfield county, South Carolina, praying
that the mail route from Charlotte to Monroe,
North Carolina, be extended to Brewer Mine,
in that county ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
kkpokts of committees.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
ei"u Relations, to whom was referred the bill
($. No. 978) to facilitate telegraphic commun-
ication between the United States and Bermuda
Islands, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of William C. Barney,
asking that he may be granted certain privi-
leges, so as to enable himself and associates to
connect the United States and the kingdom of
Belgium by direct submarine telegraph cable,
including a translation of the Belgium con-
cession, reported a bill (S. No. 1008) to facili-
tate telegraphic communication between the
United States and Belgium; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee^ to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 857) to incorpor-
ate the Washington Transatlantic Telegraph
Company, and to facilitate telegraphic com-
munication between America and Europe,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill-
(S. No.722) to establish the western judicial dis-
trict of Wisconsin, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred various memorials, petitions, and
remonstrances on the same subject, asked to
he discharged from their further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, fromthe Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2100)
to authorize the settlement of the accounts of
James G. McNutt, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs; which
was agreed to.
He also, fromthe same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. It. No.1176) to pro-
vide for the settlement of the claims of Archer
N. Martin, late assessor of internal revenue for
the seventh collection district of Pennsylvania,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Thomas T. Scan-
lon, praying compensation for certain cotton
seized and sold by the United States authori-
ties during the late war, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed. , .
Mr. WILLEY, fromthe Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 836) for
the relief of Jane Allen Birckhead, reported
it with amendments, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on the J udi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
079) to carry into effc.ct certain treaty stipu-
lations with the Choctaw nation or tribe of
Indians, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. NYE. I move to take up Senate bill No.
401, with a view of finishing it this morning.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to make a
report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Several Senators
have risen with morning business.
Mr. NYE. I only wi&h to take the bill up,
and then I will give way for any morning
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada asks the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to take up Senate bill No. 401, stating that,
he will give way for morning business if it sliall
be taken up. The Chair hears no objection,
and the bill is before the Senate.
Mr. WILLTAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 573) for the relief of the heirs ot
Joseph D. Smith, reported it with amend-
ments. . . ,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2105) to punish the unlaw-
ful certification of checks by officers of national
banks, to report it back without amendment;
and I was instructed to ask for its immediate
passage. I presume it will excite no debate,
it is a House bill, and it is to lemedy a de.cet
