1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5847
and shall designate the place whore elections shall be
held in their respective townsftips, and shall, with
theconsentof a majority oftheleg.il voters that may
be present prior to the opening of the polls at any
l>recinct, appoint two qualified, voters of the pre-
cinct, who, with himself, shall constitute a board of
judges of such election, and such board shall appoint
two clerks of said election, and the board of county
commissioners of the proper county may designate
one additional or more places of holding elections in
any township, or form precincts of two or more town-
ships when the public convenience requires it."
On the 11th of March, 1867, the.Legislature
of Indiana passed a registry law and an act regu-
lating elections. Sections two, six, eighteen,
and twenty-three are as follows :
"Sec. 2. The board of commissioners of each
county shall, immediately after the passage of this
act, and annually at the December term thereafter,
appoint two freeholders in cach township, who, with
the township trustee of said township, snail consti-
tute aboard of registry for said township; and each
city council shall appoint three freeholders in each
ward, wbo shall constitute the board for the registry
of the votes of said city: Provided, That in each
township with more than one place of voting: there
shall be appointed three freeholders besides the
township trustee, and the first named in the order of
appointment shall be the inspector of elections in
the second place of voting, and the one next the
clerk of elections in said second place of voting, and
the one last named a clerk in said place of voting,
where the trustee is the inspector, &c."
****** * * * *
"Sec. 6. In case a new election precinct shall be
formed by theorga.nization of a new township, or by
the division of any township or ward, or in the in-
corporation of a city or town, the judges or inspect-
ors of elections in the new precinct thus formed may
make their registry of electors on the day prescribed
by this act in such manner as a majority of them
may direct; and for that purpose may make a list,
or cause to be made a certified copy of the poll list
or lists of the district in which such new district is
situated, or they may dispense with such list or lists,
and proceed to make a register of electors from the
best means at their command. Said lists shall only
embrace the names of such persons as are known to
them to be electors in their district, and shall be
posted up and copies made thereof as prescribed in
the preceding section, and shall be corrected m the
same mannerthat other lists are corrected.
"Skc. 8. After the opening of the polls at any
election in this State no adjournment shall be had,
norany-recess taken, until all the votes cast at such
an election shall have been counted and the result
publicly announced." ■* * * * * *
"Sec. 23. That all ballots which may be cast at
any election hereafter held in this State shall be
written or printed 011 plain white paper, without
any distinguishing marks or other embellishments
thereon, except the name of the candidates and
the office for which they are voted for; and inspect-
ors of ejections shall refuse all ballots ofiered of any
other description: Provzdert, Nothing herein con-
tained shall disqualify the voter from writing his
own name on the back thereof."
In July, 1867, a petition was presented to
the Ooard of commissioners of Wayne county,
reciting that as the law required the polls to
open at eight a. m. and close at six p. m., and
forbid any adjournment, and that Wayne town-
ship contained 2,859 voters, it would be im-
possible for all of said persons to vote at a
single poll; and praying for a division of said
district by metes and bounds, and the erection
and establishment of two separate precincts
of election, to wit, the northern and southern
precincts. On the 17th day of July, 1867, the
prayer was granted and the two precincts
established. (Pages 86 and 37.)
On the morning of the election in October,
1868, SAW. Lynde appeared at the poll of the
southern precinct and claimed to act as in-
spector of election. After some slight contro-
versy M.' M. Lacey and John S. Lyle were
declared elected as judges. Mr. Lynde claimed
to act as inspector, because he was one of the
board of registry for the township of Wayne.
He acted as a sort of president of the meet-
ing at the organization of the board, and put
to vote the motions made. Mr. Lynde swears
(pages 8 and 9) that he was not a resident in
nor a citizen of the southern precinct; that
he was a citizen of the northern precinct, and
that he did on that day vote at the poll in said
northern precinct-
Mr. Lacey testifies to precisely the same thing
in regard to himself, (page 14,) and Mr. Lyle
does the same, (pages 9, 10, and 11.) Several
other witnesses bear similar testimony in re-
gard to the residence of these three officers of
the election board of the southern precinct.
It is not denied by any one, nor in any place,
that the three officers of this board were non-
residents in the precinct where they held the
election and all of them voted on that day at
a different poll.
I shall endeavor to examine this point in
two separate methods: first, to consider the
evidence offered with a view to correct and
purge the poll as far as possible; and sec-
ondly, the law and the facts bearing upon Mr.
Julian's request to reject the entire poll.
In regard to the first proposition we find that
Mr. Julian has called five hundred and eight
persons, who swear that they were voters in
that precinct; that they voted in October, 1868,
at that poll, and that they voted for said
Julian. In my judgment, the evidence of
these witnesses is as full, complete, and reli-
able as it is possible for human testimony to
be given. It would be received in any court of
justice in the country, and held sutficient to
establish any fact in a civil or even criminal
case. These names are appended to this report,
and contained in statement marked paper A. In
addition to these he has called twenty-two other
persons, who give similar testimony in regard
to themselves, and corroborate these by calling
twenty-two witnesses who gave them tickets,
and saw them vote. He has also produced a
list of other persons voting at said poll, being
twenty-one in number, whom he also claims
as having voted for him. Eight of these were
examined personally, and thirteen witnesses
examined as to the others. While the evi-
dence in regard to this list is not so entirely
conclusive and unanswerable as in regard to
the other two lists, yet it is altogether satis-
factory and sufficient to establish a fact before
any legal tribunal.
Mr. Julian claims to have proved that he is
entitled to 29 other votes cast at this poll.
The evidence in regard to these twenty-nine
persons is such as to render it highly probable
that they did vote for Mr. Julian, yet, as we
think, insufficient to establish the fact as a legal
conclusion. The weight of evidence and prob-
abilities, however, is so largely in favor of
this theory as to add greatly to the uncertainty
of the return of this poll.
In this precinct the returns gave to Mr. Julian
475 votes, and to Mr. Reid 676. Had this vote
been counted by the county, board Mr. Reid
would have had a majority of 85 votes in the
district, making 90, with the credit of 5 votes
hereinbefore allowed him. It is conceded,
however, that Henry Bloomer and Joseph
Englebert voted illegally for Mr. Reid in said
southern poll of Richmond, (page 850.) These
two persons belonged to the northern precinct,
and it is admitted that they voted illegally.
Admitting this poll, Mr. Reid's majority would
be 88 ; rejecting it, Mr. Julian's would be 113.
Another reason urged by Mr. Julian in cor-
roboration of the testimony of the witnesses is
this fact: the northern and southern precincts
of Wayne township adjoin each other. Rich-
mond is a large town, and the people who voted
at both polls are near neighbors, similar in
character and habits. Anything which would
produce a marked effect upon the voters of one
poll would surely show itself at the other. In
the northern precinct Baker, (Republican,) for
Governor, received 1,151 votes; Julian,' for
Congress, 1,112, or 39 less. I11 the southern
precinct Baker is returned GOO; Julian, 475, or
185 less. The disproportion is certainly great,
and although not sufficient in itself to establish
fraud, yet, in connection with other circum-
stances, it would seem to be entitled to con-
siderable weight. Mr. Reid makes several
objections to Mr. Julian's attempt to purge this
poll. He says that in several cases of the five
hundred and fifty-one persons claimed by Mr.
Julian it is not shown by the witnesses that
such persons were legal voters. In point of
fact, that is true of some thirty or forty names.
In my judgment, no such proof was neeessa'y
in this case. The poll is either valid or void
as a return of election. If void, no effort to
purge it is necessary. If the officers who held
this election had authority, and if they could
conduct it, then every vote which went into
the box is presumed to have been given - by a
person duly qualified. The legal presumption
in favor of the right of the voter is all that"
can be required. Mr. Reid also objects to the
evidence produced by Mr. Julian on this point,
and the manner of examining, the witnesses.
On this point he relies on the case of Wheat
vs. Ragsdale, (27 Ind. Reports, 203.) The
court below had admitted the evidence. The
supreme court said:
" One other question remains to be noticed. The
contestor introduced on the trial one Charles H.
Patterson as a witness, who testified that he was
thirty-two years ot age; that at the time of the
October election, in 1864, and for nine months or a
year previous thereto, he had lived in Franklin
township, in said county of Johnson, and voted in
said township. He was then asked to state for whom
he voted for the office of treasurer of said county.
The counsel of Wheat objected to the witness an-
swering the questions for the reasons:
"1. That the ballot of the witness was the best
evidence.
"2. Because the ballot of the witness and others
had been putin evidence by the contestor.
"3. Because oral evidence is not admissible when
record evidence is to be had.
"The court below overruled the objections and
permitted the witness to testify that he bad voted
for Ragsdaje for treasurer, to which ruling of the
court the defendant's counsel excepted.
" Now, what is the proper mode of examining a wit-
ness in such a case as this ? The court says :
"The record before us discloses the fact that the
ballots counted out at the Franklin poll were before
the court; and if they were not, if tbe witness could
identity his ticket, and it had not been destroyed, it
would have been the best evidence of the fact for
whom he voted.
" We think, therefore, that the witness should first
have been asked if he could identify his ticket, and
if he answered in the affirmative, search should
have been made for it.
"We are aware that this course of examination
would most probably be of but little practical im-
portance, as but few voters wouldbe able to identify
their ticket; but when insisted on it would be the
proper course of examination, it being in conformity
with the strict rules of evidence.
" The judgment below is reversed."
It does appear from the evidence that Mr.
Reid made sundry objections to the evidence.
It does not appear that he ever made any
such objections as those stated by the court
in the case just cited. It does not appear that
the tickets were before the notary swearing the
witnesses, or before the witnesses being sworn.
I therefore agree with the court iu saying
that the question supposed to be indispensable
would have been of little practical importance.
There were 1,151 tickets in this box for Con-
gress, and it would be almost absurd to suppose
voters could identify their tickets from such a
numberaftera lapse of several months. Under
all the evidence before us we believe that Mr.
Julian received at this poll not less than 551
votes. There were returned for him 475 votes,
or 76 less than he certainly received. The 76
votes taken from him were given to Mr. Reid;
1,183 persons voted. It is admitted that 32
did not vote for Congress. It is proved that
the board adjourned two or three times from
twenty-five to forty minutes. The opportunity
was abundantly afforded for the commission of
the fraud. Whether intentional or not on the
part of the officers is no matter; the result is
the same. This correction would make a dif-
ference of 152 votes. Admitting the return of
this precinct as corrected by the evidence, and
Mr. Julian would have a majority of 64 votes.
The contestee, however, is not satisfied with
this result. He insists that this entire return
shall be rejected, and that he shall be allowed
a credit for the votes he has established for
himself in this precinct.
Much has often been said about the will of
the majority, the security of the ballot-box,
and the importance of a general and cordial
acquiescence by all in the result of elections.
For the most part these general remarks are
true and entitled to great consideration. Rut it
is equally important that such elections should
be fair, and should be legally and ..onestly con-
ducted. We can conceive of no greater danger
to our institutions than such as would arise
among the people by reason of a conviction
