560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
move the reference of these petitions to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a memorial of
printers and binders who were employed in the
Public? Printing Office in 1861 and 18(j2, for the
payment of wages illegally, as they allege, with-
held from them; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. NYE. I present the petition of Samuel
Adams, praying for compensation for services
rendered to the Government in exploring the
Colorado river and its tributaries, together with
a report of the Secretary of War on the sub-
ject. I ask that these papers be printed. I
hardly know to what committee the petition
should be referred. It is a claim for services
rendered, and probably it should be referred to
the Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred
to the Committee on Claims. The Senator
from Nevada desires to have the papers printed.
The Chair hears no objection, and it is so
ordered.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the memorial of
William Burlingame, of Exeter, New Hamp-
shire, remonstrating against the granting of
the petition of George H. Corliss for the exten-
sion of his letters-patent of March 10, 1849,
for improvements in the steam-engine ; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition ofThomas
H. Wiggin and seventy-six others, of Levant,
Maine, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr.PATTERSON. I desire topresent apeti-
tion of citizens of North Woodstock, Grafton
county, New Hampshire, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege. 1 would suggest
here that I fully concur with the object of these
petitioners, but it seems to me it would be well
if these petitions could be handed directly to the
chairman of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads. I understand that seventy-five
thousand of them have been printed at the
public expense and distributed all over the
country. I understand also that one hundred
and ninety thousand memorials have been sent
out from the Post Office Department over the
country to secure the abolition of the franking
privileges, and some twenty-six thousand cir-
culars to postmasters have been printed at the
public expense, and have been circulated over
the country at the public expense.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire be so good as to state to the Senate
by whose authority these documents were
printed at the public expense ?
Mr. PATTERSON. I have no information
on that subject, but I suppose by the authority
of the Postmaster General.
Mr. DRAKE. And have they been sent
free through the mails?
Mr. PATTERSON. I so understand it._
Mr. DRAKE. 1 am in favor of the abolition
of the franking privilege, Mr. President.
Mr. PATTERSON. I am entirely in favor
of the abolition of the franking privilege, and
I would have it extended not only to members
of Congress, but to the heads of Departments.
I would make it universal. I yield now to the
Senatorfrom New York, [Mr. CoNKMNfi,] who
desires to make a remark.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to say a word
in reply to the, Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to make a single
(suggestion, if I mav be allowed to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that this debate is proceeding by unani-
mous consent. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire yields to the Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. Isuggestthat to prevent
Incurring any further expense, and to prevent
continued abuse by sending these papers here
free and the general grievance of which Sena-
tors complain, if the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads would report, and the Senate
would adopt a bill abolishing the franking
privilege, all this matter would stop; we should
not be called upon to present these petitions,
and no Senators would be offended and the ear
of the Senate would not be vexed with this
much coming of petitions. That is the true
remedy for us ; let us abolish the whole thing
and have an end of it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire simply to say a
word in regard to the suggestion that fell from
the Senator from New Hampshire. I think the
Postmaster General has done the Senate and
House of Representatives a great service in
this matter. While great public interests un-
questionably demand, and doubtless the feel-
ings of the people require, the abolition of tho
franking privilege, yet when a bill shall be
passed for that purpose, as doubtless one will
be passed at this session, there will be great dis-
satisfaction on the part of our friends who have
been in the habit of receiving documents and
other communications free of charge. They
will be sadly disappointed, and many of them
probably will be induced to censure us for it in
the first instance; but the Postmaster General
will then have done us a great serviceby com-
mitting the people by their own petitions in
advance to this reform. Thousands and thou-
sands who would be inclined to complain of it
when the bill becomes a law will have had their
mouths sealed by their commitments upon these
papers.
Mr. NYE. I understand 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire is in possession of the
floor.
Mr. ABBOTT. I object to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from North Carolina objects to debate, and the
Chair will submit to the Senate the question
whether debate shall be allowed on this peti-
tion, unless some Senator objects to its recep-
tion under the twenty-fourth rule, when the
question of reference will be submitted to the
Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON. I do not desire to debate
this matter, but to present another petition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from North Carolina withdraw his objection?
Mr. ABBOTT. I have no objection to that,
of course.
Mr. PATTERSON. I merely say iu reply
to tho chairman of the committee that it was
not my purpose to complain of the Postmaster
General, but simply to state the fact, in order
that we might in some way expedite this busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be referred to tho Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. PATTERSON. I present the memorial
of Edward Downey, mayor of the city of
Brownsville, in relation to the zona libra or
free belt along the Mexican frontier of the Rio
Grande, and with the permission of the Senate
I wish to state in a word the substance of this
memorial, which I think of very grave import-
ance.
In 1857 the Legislature of the State of Ta-
maulipas, in Mexico, passed an act making
Matamoras a free port, and also establishing
a zona libra or free belt, six miles wide and
extending a thousand miles up the Rio Grande.
The effect of this legislation, which was adopt-
ed iu 1801 by the general Government of the
republic of Mexico, has been to introduce into
the United States an immense amount of mer-
chandise free of duty. It has been estimated
that the Government of the United States is
losing annually from a million and a half to
three millions of revenue by the existence of
this free belt along the western bank of the Rio
Grande. During the late war the rebels brought
in supplies from abroad through Matamoras,
by which the war was continued for we know
not how long; and this was winked at by the
Mexican Government.
This subject was brought to the attention of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and also of the
Secretary of State, by Mr. Plumb, our consul,
and by General Rosecrans, our late minister to
Mexico, and a correspondence transpired be-
tween the Secretary of State and tho minister
of foreign affairs for Mexico, and the matter
was
they 
the way in which the matter stands to-day.
Million# of dollars' worth of goods are being
brought over the Rio Grande by a set of smug-
glers and horse-thieves who have come in and
settled along the western bank of the Rio
Grande. The question is what the United States
Government can do to remedy this evil. I
think it is a matter of very grave importance.
I move that this memorial be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Retrenchment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petition of C.
L. Harris, of Raleigh, North Carolina, pray-
ing that the disabilities of Dr. F. L. Banks, of
that State, be removed; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. ABBOTT. I present a memorial from
citizens of Littleton, North Carolina, asking
for the abolition of the franking privilege, this
being one of those petitions that come here
with a stereotyped heading. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petitions of
James M. Wade and of John Gardner, of
Christiansburg, Montgomery county, Virginia,
praying the removal of their political disabil-
ities ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. THAYER. I present a petition of cit-
izens of Lincoln, Nebraska, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege, and I de-
sire to make a remark or two in connection
with it. I thought it was extraordinary that
these petitions should pour in from day to day
as numerously as they have done. Yesterday
morning's mail brought me an explanation.
I hold in my hands a cifCular sent out to every
postmaster in theTTnited States, signed " W.
H. H. Terrell, Third Assistant Postmaster
General," which is in reality an instruction to
the postmasters to procure signatures to these
petitions ; that is, a blank petition was inclosed
with each circular for them to circulate. These
petitions, it will be observed, are all in the
same form, or those are which I have seen ;
and they use the same phraseology and ema-
nate from the same source. Now, I should be
glad to see a voluntary expression of the peo-
ple of the United States, and I take occasion
to say that these petitions, coming in as they
do in response to instructions from the De-
partment, are not, in my judgment, the vol-
untary expression of the people of the United
States.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not? Has anybody
but the postmaster received such a circular?
Mr. THAYER. He is instructed to secure
signatures.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator's constituents
surely do not sign these petitions simply be-
cause the postmaster asks them to do so.
_ Mr. THAYER. You can get anybody to
sign them.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not in our country.
Mr. THAYER. It is the easiest thing in
the world; but I should like to know whence
comes the authority for the Department to
take this action, to print these documents at
the public expense, and to flood tho mails with
them, in abuse of the franking privilege, to in-
duce the people to petition Congress? When
was that duty conferred upon any Department
of the Government? When was the Post Office
Department intrusted with the duty of procur-
ing instructions from the people to Congress
to pass certain laws?
Mr. HOWE. I will inform the Senator if
he will allow me when that duty was imposed
on the head of the Post Office Department,
Mr, THAYER. I seek information.
