1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
if we pass this section it will be construed as
additional or cumulative, to be paid off this year
not less than $87,000,000.
I propose to reduce the amount named from
$150,000,000 to $125,000,000, and make it take
effect one year after the passage of the act. if
we pay the $57,000,000 which I have now men-
tioned during the current year, we shall have
reduced the debt more than two per cent., which
is more than double the amount called for by
the act of 1862. It will be remembered that
that was only one per cent.
After that is done, then I propose to have
the section as amended go into effect, by which
the sum is reduced to $125,000,000. The result
will be, if the refunding of the debt at a lower
rate of interest goes on as contemplated by
this bill, we shall under the section as amended
pay off more than one per cent, next year, and
for each following year much more than one
per cent. That is very obvious, because just
in proportion as the debt is diminished our
payment on account of interest is diminished,
so that in a little more than thirty years the
debt will be paid, instead of being paid in a
little more than twenty years, as proposed by
the section as it now stands. '
Those in whom I have entire confidence have
made this calculation. They have gone into
these estimates, and they furnish this result, ,
that under the operation of the clause as it j
stands your debt will be paid off in twenty |
years. Now, with the modification I propose j
it will be accomplished in thirty years. Is it j
expedient to press it upon the country in twenty I
years ? j
How, sir, bear in mind that what you put in
this act now, should it become a law, is one of
the fundamental conditions of all the bonds
that it creates; you cannot change it afterward.
Though not incorporated in the bond, it will
be behind the bond, giving to it character and
vitality. You cannot modify it; you cannot
then reduce it. Such I fear will be the case.
Now it becomes important that we should con-
sider carefully the operation of this provision.
We should see where it will lead us; consider
its obligations; consider whether you are ready
to impose them upon the country to this large
extent. I hope the Senate will see to it that
this fearful load of taxation is not continued.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If I have been
surprised more atone thingthanatanother, it is
at one or two of the positions of the Senator
from Massachusetts. If there is a man in this
body who is a stickler for the maintenance of
the public credit, it is that Senator; and yet
he has brought forward some propositions here
that have more vitally attacked the credit of
the country than any other Senator I have
heard speak. Here is a proposition that he
brings forward to reduce the amount that is
proposed in the sinking-fund clause of this bill
from $150,000,000 to $125,000,000, to be ap-
propriated annually, when we are obliged by
law to appropriate at least one per cent, of the
entire debt every year for its extinction.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I provide for
one per cent.
Mr. MORRIIL, of Vermont. The Senator
will allow me to finish what I have to say
about it?
- Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Now,the entire
indebtedness of the country is $2,600,000,000.
If the entire indebtedness of the country were
to-day funded at five per cent., the amount the
Senator appropriates would just pay the inter-
est and not a dollar more. Now, the amount
that we shall be able to devote to the- extinc-
tion of the debt will probably be little less than
what we otight to pay for the first year, bat
after that it will gradually increase as the
growth of the country increases, and we shall
pay it with much less difficulty than the sum
we now pay. I do not think it is necessary to
argue this question. I, therefore, will not take
up time, for I am anxious to have a vote and
have an end of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator made a mis-
take on his figures, which a Senator usually so
accurate, especially on figures, ought not to have
made. He placed the debt at $2,500,000,000.
The debt is $2,000,000,000, which is funded ;
and if it is funded atfive per cent., $100,000,000
pays the interest. Why, then, should we go
on and pledge the country to an additional
$50,000,000 annually ?
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. But the Sen-
ator is the most anxious, perhaps, of all Sen-
ators to resume specie payment and retire our
greenbacks.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Shall we not
pay interest on them after we fund them ? My
statement was that if the entire debt of the
country were funded even at so low a rate as
five per cent, there would then, according to
the proposition made by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, be just enough to pay the interest
and not a dollar more. I say that I am cor-
rect, figures or rhetoric.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I rise to give my assent
to the proposition of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts on the ground that this appropriation
and all other appropriations and all the bur-
dens of taxation are transferred from a debt
of the Government to the people. The whole
income of the Government for the past year,
including that sum which has been transferred
to the sinking fund, is a debt to-day on the
people throughout the country. The Senator
from Massachusetts seeks by this motion to
lessen by $25,000,000 the debt to the people.
I sincerely shall give my vote to his proposi-
tion.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a new section to
come in at the end of the bill:
And he it further enacted. That whenever the pre-
mium on gold shall fall to or within five per cent, it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
give public notice that the outstanding United States
notes or other legal-teHder issues of the Government
will thereafter be received at parforcustoms duties,
and the interest on the issues known as three per
cent, legal-tender certificates shall cease from and
after the date of such notice,and all such legal-tender
obligations when so received shall not again be
uttered, but shall forthwith be canceled and de-
stroyed ; and so much of tho act of February 25,1862,
and of all subsequent acts as creates or declares any
of the issues of the United States other than coin a
legal-tender, be, and the same are hereby, repealed,
such repeal to take effect on and after the 1st day of
January. 1871.
Mr. President, interested as I am in this
whole bill, desirous of its passage hardly less
than the Senator from Ohio, I am bound to
say that, in my judgment, the passage of this
single section would be worth more than the
whole bill. It would do more for the credit
of the country; it would do more for its busi-
ness. It would help us all to the completion
of financial reconstruction. How often have
I insisted that all our efforts to fund and re-
fund are to a certain extent vain and impotent
unless we begin by specie payments. That,
sir, is the alpha of this whole subject, and
until Congress is ready to begin with that I
fear that all the rest will be of little avail. It
is in the light of expedient rather than of rem-
edy. There is the remedy.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish simply to say that
the proposition now made by the honorable
Senator is rank repudiation of plain, positive
obligations. We have pledged the duties on
imported goods in gold for the payment of the
interest on the debt.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I cannot
understand the language of the Senator. The
amendment is to provide for the payment in
gold of everything. A provision to pay every-
thing in gold the Senator calls repudiation.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gold is pledged.
These particular revenues are pledged, mort-
gaged. You have no more right to take them
for any other purpose than the public debt
than you have to take my property.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator under-
stand the pending measure ? It is to declare
gold the currency of the country.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like the Senator
from Massachusetts to explain his amendment
on one point. I understand the proposition is
practically to resume specie payments when
the premium on specie falls to five per cent.
| Mr. SUMNER. That is, the Secretary of
! the Treasury shall then take the initiatory steps.
Mr. ANTHONY. Suppose the experiment
is not successful, and it may not be, and gold
rises above five per cent.?
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; there is the
risk. But I assume that when it does go down
to live per cent, with all the resources of the
country and the good will of the Administra-
tion it can be carried through successfully.
Mr. ANTHONY. Gold was at ten percent,
yesterday, and is at fourteen per cent, to-day,
as I am informed.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; let it go down
to five per cent, and then declare specie pay-
ments, and there will be no retreat; there will
be no backward step.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I again
occupy the floor for the purpose of giving my
11 assent to the proposition of the Senator from
] Massachusetts. The only difference between
his proposition and one that I hold in my hand
is that from his amendment I judge he is favor-
able to the withdrawal of the greenbacks from
the circulation of the country. I would resume
specie payments by enhancing the value of the
greenback to par. The whole object of this
funding bill is to secm-e specie payments. There
• can be no saving of interest certainly for this
'■ year, because the expenses of funding will
, i amount to more than you will save in lessening
the rates of interest, and surely there can be
' no lessening of the rates of interest in the
market by the Government of the United States
going into it with a loan of $1,200,000,000.
The Government of the United States antag-
onizing itself with the business interests of this
country at the rate of $1,200,000,000, will not
certainly reduce the rates of interest in the
market. The object of this measure undoubt-
edly is to effect the condition of specie pay-
j, ments, and immediately it will have the effect
ij to contract the currency; and as your business
! is based upon your currency, it will have the
jj effect to undermine, to weakeu, to shake that
j business, as has been the case for the last five
j years, from its top to its bottom, from its cen-
ter to its circumference. If in the history of
i any country or of any period there has been
an exhibition of business subject to such spec-
ulations and such tremendous hostilities and
aggressive influences I do not know of it;
! I never have read of it. Whenever the people
of this country commence to be engaged in
the provision of anything then commences the
whole combination of foreign and internal
capital to depreciate the credit of the country
i and to effect an increased cost of everything
that they produce; and when they come to
make their sales down upon them comes the
same combination of foreign and domestic cap-
ital to prevent them obtaining fair compensa-
,, tion for their productions.
That is the condition in which the trade of
| this country has been placed for the last five
! years ; and the internal business of this coun-
try is to-day shaking and trembling from top
to bottom. How long, may I ask, can that
state of things continue ? Certainly, sir, the
riches and resources of this country are be-
yond those of any country known in history
before. Certainly there never was a people
that were in possession of such riches. _ But,
sir, may there not be an end to your ability to
make those riches available ? May not the
machinery by which those riches are made
available be destroyed? What advantage is
there in the possession of your lands unless
the people are employed with means to culti-
vate them ? What advantage is there in ship-
ping upon your waters if you cannot obtain
freights sufficient to pay for the employment
of your people? What are the advantages of
your forests unless you can use them profit-
