3760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
Mav 24,
*/ '
Mr. FOWLER. I ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia to yield. I think it is time to adjourn.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senate wishes to
adjourn I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator yield the floor for that motion?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. FOWLER, (at five o'clock and twenty-
five minutes p. m.) I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. Is it the determination to
pass 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California yield the floor to the
Senator from Tennessee? !
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly. I
Mr. FOWLER. If it is the determination j
to pass the bill *to-night, I suggest we take a j
rccfss. 1
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish gentlemen of the J
majority would tell us what their programme
is. They generally have it made up and carry
it, out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend from California what his programme is?
Mr. CASSERLY. I will tell the Senator
from Vermont, and I hope he will be equally
frank. I speak for myself only. I propose
first to test whether or not the Senate will
allow this body to know what it is voting on
before it. compels the body to vote upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. By all means. I think
I can answer for all tipon that point.
Mr. CASSERLY. I know what the Senator
says: but there is only one way in which that
can be shown, and that is by permitting this
long bill to be printed so that it may be read
and understood bymefnbers. In the next place,
after that is done and we are able to tell each
for himself what is before him to act upoft
under the obligations of his conscience and his
oath, then I propose within reasonable limits,
and not at all to consume time, (which of coiirse
is a very useless and futile aim,) to discuss some-
what the new provisions in the bill, and among
these new provisions I mean to include one
which was new to me until I first saw it in the
paper ns a part of this bill, and that is the pro-
visions which are alleged to be for the enforce-
ment of the fourteenth amendment. So far as
I personally am concerned, I propose to ton-
fine myself to that and whatever else is nfew in
the bill. I think those features ought to be
discussed, and certainly, besides the provisions
to enforce the fourteenth amendment, all the
new provisions brought in here by the comtfilt-
tee of conference are just as new to the mem-
bers of the Senate outside of the three gentle-
men who compose that committee as they are
to me.
I do not deeifl that there is anything unrea-
sonable in that position; and so far as I under-
stand my own purposes that is the view which
I take of the course to be pursued. Now, if
the Senator from Vermont is authorized to
speak for his associates or for himself As to
the programme he purposes, I should like to
hear it. .
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iam certaihly authorised
to speak for myself; rtt least I know of no
objection, so far as that goes. My programme
is very simple. There is nothing at all new in
this report from the bill as it passed the Sen-
ate. It. is in substantially the same language,
with the exception that what my friend from
New Jersey said were some of its objection-
able features, putting one construction uport
it, have been changed so that they canriot be
construed irt that way. That being the riage, I
think this report ought to be acted upon jtist as
all other conference reports are acted upon
now. The new provisions that the Senator
.from California refers to are not more new as
it respects the points in the bill, or the sections
to which they relate, than the word "immigrat-
ing" isnew,beingchangedfrom "emigrating."
All that is new in the bill is mere matter of
. detail, regulating the operations ef sections
that existed before. That is the fact about it.
It is no use to profess that it is otherwise.
If this was a case where there was anything
that was absolutely new, a point, a principle
which was introduced that had not stood here
before, there would be some force in suggest-
ing that we ought to have time to' consider
about it. But this is a subject which has been
discussed over and over again, and for the two
weeks last past day after day; and I am sure
Senators cannot, unless they deceive them-
selves, assert that they are taken by surprise
at anything that this bill, as now reported,
contains. Therefore, speaking for myself, and
for nobody else, for I have not charge of the
bill, I should be very glad to take the usual
Course and tote upon this question so soon as
we shall have heard whatever Senators may
I desire, within the rules, to say upon it.
Mr. STEWART. That is my desire, to sit
! it out 
i Mr. CASSERLY. One moment. I yielded
to the Senator from Vermont, and only to him.
I claim the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California is entitled to the floor, and
; niu8t not be interrupted without his consent.
Mr. CASSERLY. If we are going to stay
here all flight, I do not Want to be kept here
by the speeches of other gentlemen if I can
avoid it. [Laughter.]
I did not set out with any statement that I
was surprised by anything that was proposed
on the other bide of this Charfiber. What I
set out to state was that I desii-ed some oppor-
tunity to understand what was new in this bill.
That waS all. When the Senator from Ver-
mont speaks of my deceiving myself he makes
1 an intimation which I shall be happy to reply
i| to presently. In the mean time I give way to ;
' the Setiator from New Jersey, Who, as a mem- !
\ ber of the cotnmittee of conference, asks me, 1
| and I cheerfully consent, that he may be allowed
! to state to the Senate how very much there is
J! that is new in this bill:
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, all I
deBired to do Was to call the attention of the
Senator from Vermont to the facts. I stated
to the Senate that there was much new matter !
introduced into this bill. Of course each Sen-
ator can determine for himself whether he
considers thd matter new or not, btit I call the
attentioft of the Senator from Vermont to the
fact that I staled when before on the floor,
that a neW principle is introduced into the sec-
tion which is now called section No. 21. In
that section, in order to avoid the difficulty in
prosecuting persons in cases where State offi-
cers and members of Congress are voted for
on the same ticket* ft new rule of evidence is
laid down; and the fact that a man votes the
State ticket is considered prima facie evidence
that he voted for a member of Congress,
although he may have scratched his ticket.
I only rose for the purpose of stating that
thefe is no difference of fact between myself
and the Sehator from Vermont; it is simply a
differeftce as to whether the introduction of a
neW principle of evidence, which was not con-
! tained in the old bill, is new matter.
1 I consider it not only new matter, but very
j material new mnttef—a new principle, a new
i tule Of evideriee. It is taking the lives and
'■ characters of all the people of this country
I into your hfends. It is by the rules of evidence
| and nothing else that I can prove the false-
hood of the charge when T am accused of
crime; and without the protection of those
glorious old rules of evidence, which have
come down to us from the common law, no
man's liberty iS safe. And how can the Sen-
ator from Vermont, with his acute judgment,
Say that the introduction of this new principle,
be it right now or be it wrong, is not a new
thing? Is it not? What is the meaning of
new matter? Is it not a question that the
Senate has not before considered? Will any
man say that the Senate has considered this
before?
Mr. President, it is not for me to state what
happened in the committee of conference ; but
I appeal to the recollection of the Senator from
Vermont whether it was not a new plan got up
to meet a difficulty which had never been sug-
gested until we got into committee of confer-
ence?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must, reply to the obser-
vations of the Senator from New Jersey.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California yield the floor?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This seems to be new
matter 
Mr. HAMLTN. Will my friend give way
for a moment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Allowmetogoon. When-
ever my friend from New Jersey dislikes a pro-
vision. it is new matterbut whenever he likes
it, it is well enough. I think that is hardly
the way to treat such a subject 
Mr. HAMLIN. I rise to a question of order,
and if the Senator will allow me one moment
I would like to state the reason why I raise the
question of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course I must yield
to a question of order; but otherwise I insist
on the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. We have had one night
session on this question, and have listened to
a long and tedious debate. I think there is no
necessity for another. I therefore propose to
try the virtue of our rules, and I call the Sen-
ator from Vermont to order, he having already
spoken twice upon this subject. The rule says
expressly that no member can speak more than
twice in any one debate, except by leave of
the Senate ; and the vote on granting that leave
must be taken without debate. I appeal to the
Senate to stand by me and enforce the rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I feel obliged to confess
the fact that I have spoken twice.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Chair to rule on
the point, and then the Senator can appeal to
the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; I can stand such a
rule if the rest can.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will have the rule read.
The Chief Clerk read from Rule 4, as follows:
"No Senator shall speak moro than twice in any
one debate on the saino day without leave of the
Senate, which question shall be decided without
debate."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is constrained to decide that the Senator from
Vermont had spoken twice before he took the
floor the last time, and he cannot speak again
without consent of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not ask it. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Vermont has stated that this report
contains no new matter. I am sorrv that I
shall seem to assail his positions while he is
under an enforced silence, not of my contriv-
ing, however; butthe truth must be vindicated.
I have the report of the committee of confer-
ence in my hand. Here is more than one
printed page of new matter. Here again is
more than another printed page of new mat-
ter. Here again is another page in manuscript,
and more than a printed page, and written in
such haste as to be nearly illegible, interlined,
words and letters half formed; such is the
hot haste to get this bill through in order that
innocent people in Virginia and in Oregon may
be subjected to infamous punishments under a
law of which they have never heard, and of
which it is impossible for them to known the
provisions! And yet the Senator says that
there are no new provisions added by the re-
port of the conference committee to the bill.
The very first of them is not only new, as an
addition to the bill, but in the mass of verb-
iage which it involves, is wrapped up a prin-
ciple whicll is new and unheard of in Amer-
ican jurisprudence, because it provides that
.where by tne law of any State members of Con-
