4704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
in the existing law. Perhaps there will be no
objection to it.
Mr. WJLLEY. I object with a great deal
of regret, but I am very desirous of bringing
to the notice of the Senate a resolution which
I offered yesterday morning, and I must object
to anything being considered till that resolu-
tion is reached.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia objects.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1905) for the relief of Howell H.
Trask, reported it without amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 913) granting the right of way to the
Green Bay and Lake Pepin Railway Company
for its *oad across the Oneida reservation in
the State of Wisconsin direct me to report it
back with an amendment; and [ ask that it be
put on its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia has objected to any other bill
being placed on its passage this morning ex-
cept the one already called up.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, to whom were referred
sundry petitions from citizens of Kansas re-
monstrating against the taxes imposed by the
Indian nations in the Indian territory on stock
driven through their country to market, have
had thesame under very careful consideration,
aud instructed me to report, against the relief
asked for by the petitioners. I ask that the
report be prirtted,and the committee discharged
frotn the further consideration of the subject.
Mr. POMEROY. In regard to that report,
I wish to say that I have before me evidence
as to the taxes levied on this commerce be-
tween Texas and Kansas through the Indian
country, and that, it is not only a great injus-
tice, but, I think, a violation of law. If the
Committee on Indian Affairs cannot find any
remedy I think the matter ought, to be com-
mended to the Executive Departments, who do
have some control over the Indians. I have
a statement in which it is shown that the Cher-
okees charged $4,000, the Creeks almost as
much, and the Seminoles almost as much to
one party in getting a drove of cattle through
to ray State.
Mr. NYE. Is this matter discussable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that if there is objection to the resolution
reported by the Committee on Indian Affairs,
discharging that committee from the further
consideration of this subject, it must lie over,
like any other resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to its consider-
ation, as I wish to submit something to the
Senate on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
discharging the committee will go on the^ Cal-
endar of resolutions, and the report will be
printed.
ORDER OJ BUSINESS.
Mr. NYE. Now I want to go on with the
bill called up on my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia [Mr. Willey] objects until the
Calendar of resolutions is gone through with.
Mr. NYE. I thought the bill was taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was taken up,
but subject to a demand for the regular order
and to the presentation of morning business.
Mr. NYE. Will the resolution of the Sen-
ator from West, Virginia take long?
Mr. WILLEY. No, sir.
Mr. NYE. Very well.
patent laws.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Senator from West Virginia will now be
taken up.
The Senate proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr.
Wiixev:
Resolved, That Friday evening next be especially
set apart for the consideration of House bill No. 1714,
to revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes relat-
ing to patents and copyrights.
Mr. SUMNER. If that is not adopted what
will be the order for Friday evening?
The VICE PRESIDENT. This will be the
latest order if adopted, and of course will
repeal the prior one; but if this should not be
adopted on Friday the Calendar of unobjected
bills would be in order, subject of course to
the unfinished business of Thursday night.
Mr. SUMNER. We have gone now more
than a mouth without going over unobjected
bills, and I do think that is the first duty of
the Senate after attending to the orders of the
day.
Mr. CONKLING. I intended 6n this morn-
ing to make a suggestion to and request of the
Senate touching the consideration of the nat-
uralization bill, and I had hoped that I might
ask the Senate to hold an evening session on
Friday for that purpose. I think a single even-
ing session will suffice for the disposition of
that bill, and I need not remind Senators of
the importance and urgency of the subject. I
do not wish to interfere with my honorable
friend from West Virginia, and therefore I
will now ask unanimous consent to have an
evening to-morrow, Thursday, which is not one
of the specified nightsforeveningsessions, with
the understanding that I may be then allowed
to call up the naturalization bill aud get for it
as much consideration as it can have in one
evening. I hope no Senator will object to this.
We shall have to consider the bill at some time,
and I think it can be done with as little incon-
venience to-morrow evening as at any time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the res-
olution of the Senator from West Virginia in
regard to Friday evening, the Senator from
New York asks unanimous consent that to-
morrow evening at half past seven o'clock the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
in regard to naturalization. Is there objection?
Mr. VICKERS. Do I understand that the
Senate is to meet to-night? ["Certainly."]
There is an important committee that expects
to hold a session to-morrow night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maryland object to the proposition of
the Senator from New York?
Mr. VICKERS. I do object to it.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to appeal to my
honorable friend from Maryland, who is not in
the habit of doing anything to inconvenience
others, to withdraw his objection if it be only
that one additional evening session isproposed,
allowing that session to occur to-morrow even-
ing. It concerns my convenience very much,
and that of some other members of the body,
to have this bill considered presently.
Mr. VICKERS. That is not the only objec-
tion. I think the select committee of seven
will hold its final meeting on to-morrow even-
ing. It will have no other opportunity to meet
and decideupon the report which it shall make;
and on that account the members of that com-
mittee cannot be here and in the committee-
room at the same time.
Mr. CONKLING. This bill involves the
consideration of details and of nothing else,
except the general question which is presented
of revising the naturalization laws. The com-
mittee to which the Senator refers will have
no session that will prevent him at some hour
during the evening being here to say and to
advance anything which he pleases, whereas it
will be a very serious inconvenience if we lose
the entire week on this subject; and therefore
again I appeal to the honorable Senator to
allow to-morrow evening to be fixed for this
purpose ; and I say to him that if it concerns his
convenience we will manage in some way or
other to reserve to him a right to be heard,
should it be his pleasure to addresxtlie Senate,
and should he be unable to do so then.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to make a sug-
gestion. The naturalization bill is an import-
ant one, and it cannot receive that considera-
tion which it deserves at am evening session.
The Senate will not be able to hold sessions
every night. There is to.be;orie to-night, and
if we have one to-morrow night there will not
be a quorum here, in all probability :; as there
was not, I believe, the night before lafef when
a night session was held.
Now, Mr. President, it, is pretty hard, I think,
for the members of the Senate to come'here at
twelve o'clock and stay here" five hours, and
then go to dinner, and come back, and sit to a
late hour at night, three or four times a week.
It is too exhausting; I speak for myself at
least; I am not able to do it; but I suggest
that we shall save time, and we shall further
business if we meet at eleven o'clock and sit
until five. There is not much accomplished in
these evening sessions unless it is in the way
of bills that are not objected to, and that can
be disposed of without a quorum ; but when it
comes to a contested bill an evening session
ordinarilydoes not amount to anything, and we
can do more business, taking one week with
another, by meeting at eleven o'clock and sit-
ting till five than we can by holding night ses-
sions every night and meeting at twelve o'clock
in the day, in my judgment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ There appears
to be objection to the proposition of the Sen-
ator from New York, and the question recurs
on the resolution of the Senator from West
Virginia.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not understand any-
body now to object to my proposition. The
Senator from Indiana does not object to it,
and proceeding as far as we can in a' single
evening with this bill. ■ ■ ! - - ' * ■■
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland objected, and the Chair did not under-
stand him to withdraw the objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I think he does. I ask
the Senator from Maryland if he will not with-
draw the objection.
Mr. VICKERS. I read' the bill last night,
sitting up to a very late hour for the purpose,
and several objections occurred to me to the
bill while I was reading it, aad I should.like to
be present when it is considered. ■
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator object
to its being considered to-morrow night?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir, I do ; because I
cannot be present then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the resolution of the Senator from
West Virginia, assigning Friday evening for
the consideration of the bill revising aad con-
solidating the patent laws.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to make a state-
ment in one word to the Senate. The Com-
mittee on Patents has not had a day during
this session. That committee has discharged
a great deal more business perhaps than the
Senate is aware of. So far as it regards mere
private bills we have managed to dispose of
most of them at odd intervals, not interfering
With the regular business of the session. We
now have a general bill, codifying the whole
patent laws and the copyright laws. It is the
codification presented by the commissioners
appointed for that purpose, in the form of an
act, with sundry very slight amendments. It
is very desirable that we should have it dis-
posed of. It is a House bill. It has already
been passed by the House of Representatives,
and this is all that the committee will ask of
the Senate during this whole session, and, as a
member of that committee and of the Senate,
I think I may properly say that from my silence,
from whatever cause it may have arisen, I have
some claims to be heard at least once during
the whole session on a subject in which I feel
some personal interest. I hope the Senate will
set app.rt Friday evening for this bill.
Mr. HOWELL. I object, to putting any bill
down for Friday evening, from the fact that we
have a general order devoting every Friday
evening to the unobjected cases on the Calen-
dar, in which we are all interested; and now
to come in and repeal or rescind practically
