1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3761
gress arc voted for on the same paper ballot
with State officers or municipal officers or local
officers, proof of the fact that a person voted
such a ballot, namely, a ballot printed in the
usual form, under the State law, shall be deemed
to be presumptive evidence that he voted or
attempted to vote for Representative in Con-
gress, so as to bring him within the provisions
of this act.
Is that anything but a most novel legislative
enormity? No man who knows anything of
the practical workings of elections is ignorant
of this fact, and no man is less ignorant of it
than the Senator from Vermont, that it is the
habit of the American voter as a rule to scratch
his ticket, to take from it such names as do not
please him. That is so much his habit that for
the past fifteen or twenty years it has frequently
occurred at polling places that the number of
tickets so altered by the voter was equal to or
greater than the number of tickets not at all
altered. And yet for the purpose of embar-
rassing the voter, of raising against him a pre-
sumption of guilt which does not exist in truth,
in reason, iu justice, or in the habits of the
people, here is a provision which compels
your courts of law and your juries to presume
that when a man has voted one part ot a ticket
he has voted the rest, when there is not a Sen-
ator in this Senate who does not know of his
own knowledge that that is to presume an enor-
mous falsehood. I do not suppose that ten per
cent, of the members of this body have voted
what is called a straight ticket for a great num-
ber of years.
Now, sir, the further oppression and griev-
ous wrong of this new provision are that a
man cannot defend himself against that extra-
ordinary presumption of law, except by vio-
lating the secreeyof his own ballot by proving
what he did vote; and to do that he must have
exhibited his ballot to some one before he
voted.
And yet the Senator from Vermont aays
there is nothing new in this bill! Is not that
new? Is it oot a new thing under the sun,
even of politics, in these semi-revolutionary
days, that the American voter is required, in
order to protect himself against a false pre-
sumption of law, to disclose, and to surrender
the secrecy of his ballot before he casts it ? 1$
it nothing new, sir, that you establish for the
conviction of men a legal fiction, nota benign
fictioa, bat a malign one, the effect of which
is to precoma what every man knows does not
exist, namely, a strong legal probability that a
man who has voted a part of a ticket has
voted the whole of it. Why, sir, who pretends
that that is the fact? Does anybody? If any
one does so pretend, then he is a just sqbject
for the admonition of the old king in the deepest
of all thegreatdramas of ourgreatest dramatist,
where he says:
" Get thee glass eyes;
And, like a scurvy politician, seem
Xo see the things thou dost not.
New, sir! It is new and it is bad from the
first line of it to the last; and yet the propo-
sition is here to have this Senate vote that
through without any opportunity to examine it,
or to amend it, or to make it a little better than
it came from the committee of conference, or to
make it a little less unjust, a little less enorm-
ous and oppressive. The whole idea of the
American ballot is to be broken down for the
purposes of this bill;' and that is nothing new,
says the Senator from Vermont I
Sir, there are nearly three pages of pro-
visions equally new, although I must say not
quite so enormous as that which I have just
discussed. It would be difficult for the most
heated partisan to continue at so high a key or
wrong, injustice, and oppression as is attained
in the first section which I have endeavored to
analyze.
Now, sir, it is with the Senate to Jptermine.
I need not tell them, they are perfectly aware
that they have the votes; they will do what
they please; they have the numerical power
41st Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 236.
to refuse to permit this bill and report to be
printed. They have the numerical power to
do whatever else they may deem to be neces-
sary to pass this bill without a sufficient dis-
cussion or a proper and becoming debate.
But now I desire to be instructed by the
President as to what his understanding is of
the rule which has been enforced against the
Senator from Vermont, that a Senator shall
not speak more than once in the same debate;
whether the language "one debate" refers to
the general bill, or whether it refers to the
different beads and subjects of the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule is
" not more than twice in any one debate." It
does not confine a Senator to speaking once,
but not more than twice in the same debate.
The Chair understands that to be the debate
on the pendingquestion, which is concurrence
in the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I submit that that can-
not be the question, because I made a point of
order at the time, and simply waived the point
of order temporarily, to allow a motion to be
made that the report be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There was
a motion made to lay the report on the table
and order it to be printed; but that was with-
dr&WQ*
Mr. SAULSBURY. Only temporarily.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not
been renewed. No Senator could speak while
that motion was pending. A motion to lay on
the table and print is not susceptible of debate.
Mr. CASSERLY. Under the ruling of the
President, which, of course, I have no dispo-
sition to contest, it seems that each member
is restricted to two speeches in the same de-
bate ; that is, any debate which can occur on
the question of concurrence in the committee's
re^he PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. CASSERLY. Such a rule, I believe,
has not been enforced at any time previously
since I came into the Senate, and probably has
not been enforced for a long time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
enforces it only when the point of order is
made.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Chair will under-
stand me, I hope, as not in the slightest degree
questioning his cpurse; but I am simply re-
marking as to the circumstance that for the
first time in so long a period that rule is to be
enforced on this occasion. It will be a matter
perhaps for inference and discussion in the
course of the debate that will follow before the
general question is disposed of. I desire now
to say something as to the point of order made
by the Senator from Delaware. ^
This, sir, is a legislative body. The House
of Representatives is a legislative body. When
a bill lias passed either House on the same
general subject-matter it is supposed to express
the legislative sense and judgment of each
House, deliberately formed after full discussion
and a complete understanding of the subject-
matter. That being so, the bill of each House
stands by itself, so far as each House can make
it, a complete work of legislation. When there
is a disagreement in such a case, what is the
proceeding? One of the two Houses asks a
conference ; on what? On the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses ; and that is granted.
The conference, therefore, is confined to the
subjects upon which the two Houses have dis-
agreed . It extends to that length, and is limited
thereby. Therefore, if there are any subjects
in the two bills on which the two Houses do not
disagree they are not within the jurisdiction
of the conference or of the committee ; and that
I understand to be the ground taken by a Sen-
ator who spoke on the other side pf the Cham-
ber awhile ago; and that must be the true
^It will follow, also, from the same logio and
the same good sense which lie at the bottom
of all these rnles, or ought to lie at the bottom
of them, that no new matter can come in.
Indeed, that is the same rule stated indifferent
words. It follows, also, that when the new
matter is substantially an addition to the bill,
it is not within the jurisdiction of the con-
ference or of the committee.
In this case the general scope of the bill of
the House was connected, coherent, and in a
great degree logical. The scope of it was to
enforce the fifteenth amendment in its rela-
tions to persons of color so far as their right
to vote was protected under the fifteenth
amendment. The Senate bill was an inco-
herent conglomeration, as one of the Senators
on the other side said, of incongruities and
contradictions; but in a general way it under-
took to deal with the right and manner of
voting at elections, as well by persons of color
as by white persons throughout the country.
The result of that distinction between the two
bills is what I shall proceed to show the
Senate.
Mr. STOCKTON. Will the Senator give
way to me that I may make a suggestion ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not see why we
should punish ourselves and sit here all night
long, and punish the officers of the body  
Mr. YATES. I rise to a question of order.
Is the Senator from California or the Senator
from New Jersey entitled to the floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor, but he
has yielded to the Senator from New Jersey
for some purpose; what it is the Chair is not
yet aware.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the time will not
be parceled out in this way between the Sen-
ators on the other side. I do not see where
the debate will end if that coarse is to be toler-
ated.
Mr. STOCKTON. I asked the Senator from
California to yield to me that I might submit
a motion, and he did so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from New Jersey will submit his motion.
Mr. STOCKTON. The motion I now make
is that this bill and report be printed; and then
I wish to suggest, what I believe is very com-
mon in the Senate—I have often known it to
be done here in my short service in the body—
that this question be taken at three o'clock
to-morrow, and then let *s adjourn for to-day
and go home.
Several Senators. Say four o'clock.
Mr. STOCKTON. I care not about the
hour, so that an opportunity shall be given to
my friend from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] who
has not been here and has had no opportunity
of expressing his views, to be heard.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should like to be
heard also.
Mr. STOCKTON. My other friend from
Delaware wishes to say something also. I do
not care what the hour is, so tha.t a short time
is given to them. The Chair will understand
that the motion to print is made only in the
event of my suggestion being agreed to by
common consent. I have no interest jn this
matter myself. I only make the suggestion
for the convenience of the Senate. If they see
proper to reject it we can go on, and 1 can
stand it as well as others.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the proposition
is a very fair one, and it ought to be accepted
on all sides.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ihe Sena-
tor from New Jersey suggests that by unani-
mous consent the vote betaken on concurring
in the report of the committee of conference
to-morrow at three o'clock. Is there any
objection ? , „ .
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall sit out
this report now, and pass this bill before we
go home. , .
Mr. HOWE- I shouldJiUe to know why.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Michigan object to the proposed
understanding?
