1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4705
that general order cuts out a great many of us
from passing small bills that are of local im-
portance, and to which there is no objection,
and will take the whole evening for one special
bill. If it is done on nest Friday night, it
will be done on the Friday night afterward;
and we shall have no chance with the Calen-
dar. Therefore T object.
Mr. POMEPtOY. I ask that an order be
entered, that from and after the 22d of this
month the daily hour of meeting of the Sen-
ate be at eleven o'clock a. m.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the resolution of the Senator
from West Virginia, pending which the Sen-
ator from Kansas asks unanimous consent that
an order be made, that from and after the 22d,
the daily meetings of the Senate shall be at
eleven o'clock. Is there objection?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
will be placed on the Calendar of resolutions
laid over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it in order to insist
on calling up the resolution which was intro-
duced sometime ago, to rescind the new rules,
as we have had enough of them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the pending question is on the reso-
lution of the Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I want that other
resolution to come up next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the resolution of the Senator from
West Virginia, that Friday evening of this
week be assigned for the consideration of the
bill referred to by him.
The resolution was adopted—ayes thirty-six,
noes not counted.
recess.
Mr. SPENCER. I move, if it be in order,
that, at half past four o'clock to-day the Sen-
ate take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order this day. The question is on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Alabama, that the
Senate to-day at half past four o'clock take a
recess until half past seven.
The motion was agreed to.
11ule of proceeding.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada again calls up the bill which the
Senate granted him unanimous consent to call
up, and it is before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL, i desire to call up the
resolution offered by the Senator from Ne-
braska, [Mr. Thayer,] to rescind the new rules,
so that we shall have no more controversy
about them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar
of resolutions laid over has priority, if the Sen-
ator from Illinois insists upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves to proceed to the consideration
of the following resolution, submitted by the
Senator from Nebraska [Mr. Thayer] on the
ICth instant:
Resolved, That the rale proscribing the order of
business and tho manner ot proceeding on tho cal-
endar, adopted by the Senate on the 10th ot March
la&t, be, and tile same is hereby, rescinded.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING-. What is the rule thai ve
are going to rescind ?
The vice PRESIDENT. Theruleadopted
on the 10th of March.
Mr. CONKLlNCr. Let us hear it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 'It is the rule that we
have a controversy about every day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the rule
adopted oil the 10th ot March, in regard to
motions to pass over and to place at the foot
of the Calendar.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Chair be kind
enough to have it read?
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 295.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Immediately after tho privileged morning busi-
ness is completed, and not later than one o'clock,
the Calendar of special orders, if any, for that day,
including the unfinished business of tho day pre-
vious, shall be taken up and disposed of; and after
that, or if there shall bene special orders for that
time, the Calendar of general orders shall be taken
up and proceeded with in its order, beginning with
tho first subject on the Calendar; and in such case
the following motions shall be in order at any time
as privileged motions, save as againsta motion to
adjourn, or to proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business, to wit:
"1. A motion to pass over tho pending subject,
whioli, if carried, shail have the effect to leave such
subj ect in its existing place on the Calendar for action
at tho next call of the Calendar.
"2. Amotion to place such subject at the foot of
the Calendar.
" Both of these motions shall be decided without
debate, and shall have precedence in the order above
named, and may be submitted as in tho nature and
with all the rights of questions of order."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the rule, and I
think it ought to be abolished. It has embar-
rassed us every day.
Mr. CONKLING-. Y*e certainly cannot be
any worse off than we are now if we abolish it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Nebraska [Mr. Thayer] who offered this reso-
lution to rescind is not in his seat. The Chair
will state that on the 10th of March, as an
additional part of this rule, it was provided
further—
"Thatthetwenty-fourthrnlebo amended by adding
thereto tho following words: 'After tho introduction
of resolutions is completed there shall be laid before
the Senate, in their order, resolutions and concur-
rent resolutions introduced on any prior day; and the
same shall bo pioceeded with, not later than one
o'clock, in tho same manner us is provided in the
rule for the Calendar of general orders.' "
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was not that included ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was adopted
on the 10th of Mai oh oil the same report of
the Committee on Rules.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was not that included in
the resolution of the Senator from Nebraska?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that that was the intention of the Senator from
N ebraska.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask to have it included,
so that they may all go together.
Mr. POMEROY. The Seiiatoi from Rhode
Island [Mr. Axthoxy] and the Senator irom
Vermont, [Mr. Edmuxds,] who are not now
present, aie the Senators who reported and
who felt more interest in these rules than per-
nd I submit that it is
other resolutions
iind in the
haps any other Senators,
hardly fair to pass over a
and take up a resolution of this
absence of those Senators.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Senator
that they not being present, it will not nfleet
them to rescind these rules.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator knows that
those Senators have felt a peculiar and par-
ticular interest in enforcing these rules.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, we have all felt a
great interest in it.
Mr. POMEROY. I think to rescind the rules
now, in their absence, is taking an advantage
which is not usually taken of Senators in then-
absence. I submit to the Senate that ii is
hardlv fair to proceed at this time to rescind
those'rules, when the Senator from Nebraska,
who introduced the resolution, is not here, and
tlie Senator from Rhode Island and the Senator
Ironi Vermont are not here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We cannot wait for Sen-
ators when we are changing tho rules of our
business here, and notice of this resolution
! was given when they were all here. Every-
i body understands it. Lot us vote upon u.
think the Senate is disposed to get rid ot them.
Mr. CRAGIN. The rules of this body are
made for tho Senate, not lor individual Sen-
ators. It is evident that these rules have ob-
struetedbusinessduring the session. Hundreds
of bills might have been passed but for these
rules, which I hope will be wiped out, anu tne
quicker the better. .
Mr. POMEROY. i have been in the Senate
many years, and I have seen the whole morn-
ing hour wasted in discussions as to what
should be taken up.
Mr. NYE. It is being wasted now, and I
am opposed to it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from New
Hampshire will ascertain when this rule is re-
scinded that we shall spend the whole morning
hour, and perhaps whole days, in discussing
what question we shall take up.
Mr. CRAGIN. But for these new rules we
might have passed hundreds of unobjected bills
in the morning hour.
Mr. POMEROY. Under these new rules
you may do anything that is not objected to.
Mr. NYE. Let us vote.
Mr. POMEROY. I only wanted to make
the remarks which I have made. I think the
Senate will regret the rescinding of these rules.
I am willing, though, if the Senate insist upon
it, that the vote shall be taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
ou the adoption of the resolution offered by the
Senator from Nebraska, rescinding the rules
reported from the Committee on Rules on the
10th of March last.
The resolution was adopted.
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill called up
by the Senator from Nevada is now before the
Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of tho Whole,
resumed the consideration of tho bill (S. No.
401) to amend an act entitled "An act grant-
ing lands to aid in the construction of a rail;
road and telegraph line from the States of
Missouri and Arkansas to the Pacific coast,
by the southern route,'' .approved July 27,
lSCli, the pending question being on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Pacitic
Railroad, to strike out, in section oue, line fif-
teen, after the word "secured'' the words
"and the title to," and insert the word "over;''
and in line seventeen, after the word "In-
dians," to strike out the words "shall be ob-
tained for said company;" so as to make the
clause read:
And no conditions or limitations shall apply to
any part of tho line of said road west of the western
boundary lino of said State until the right of way
shall be securcd over the lands granted by said act
and occupied by Indians.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line eighteen, to strike out the word "no"
before "patents;" and after the word " com-
pany" to strike out the words " except in the
maimer directed by" and insert "in aecord-
ancc with tho provisions of so that the pro-
viso will read:
Provided, That patents for lands shall issue to said
company in accordance with the provisions of tho
fourth section of said act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of the first section the following additional
proviso:
And provided farther, That if the Atlantic anil
Pacific .Railroad Company, after the completion and
equipment of tho road, of the Little llock and l^orl
Smith Ilailroad Company, from Little Hock to Iiort
Smith, in Arkansas; and after the said Atlantic and
Paciiic Ilailroad Company shall obtain the right ol
way for the line of the Van Buren branch, over tho
lands granted it by said act and occupied by Indians
shall not commence within one year thereafter to
construct its branch load referred to in the iirst sec-
tion of said act. to a point m the western boundary
line of Arkansas, at or near the town ot V an Luren,
and shall not have completed at lea^t twenty mtlo
of road per year, after tho oxpiration 01 tbo time
limited for the commencement to construct said
hmnn.h. then the said Little liock and lort fenuta
branch, -
ilailroad Company,
designated by the Congr
a.ny other railroad company
^ — egress of the United Hiates
shall have the right to construct saiu branch, and
shall have, possess and enjoy all Uie_yrant,-,_i igui
and privileges appertaining to said oraiH-n j oau
under tho said act, but nou, .lowest*, to int^ner^
™rhthoVants. rights, and privilege-* appertaining
to the main line oi said Atlantic andl^tuo rinlroad
under said act: Provided, Jioneiei, ihattbe Atlan
tic and Pacific Ilailroad Company may, it u desnes
to do so, commence and construct aii or any portion
of said branch road betoro tho time-s abo* o ii.nivtd.
The amendment was agreed to.
