1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2817
The VICE PRESIDENT. ]f there be no
objection, the reading of the original bill will
be omitted.
The _ Secretary read the amendment of the
Committee on the Judiciary, which was to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the
bill and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That where, by the final judgment, sentence, or
decree of the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia anyperson, body politic or corporate, isdeprivcd
of any right, property, or franchise, or the use of
'"By right, property, or franchise, exceeding in value
$1,000, such judgment, sentence, or decree may be
reviewed upon appeal or writ of error to the Su-
preme Court of the United States, in like manner as
is now provided by law in reference to other final
judgments or decrees of said court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
corcoran gallery of altt.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to be good
enough to take up a bill reported from the
Committee on the District of Columbia. It is
Senate bill No. 492, to incorporate the trustees
of the Corcoran Gallery of Art, and for other
purposes. It should have been acted upon
some time ago.
Mr. MOIUIILL, of Vermont. That is right;
it ought to be passed.
Mr. SUMNEit. Yes, sir; it ought to be
passed.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a particular reason
why it should pass now.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to create and constitute James M. Car-
lisle, James C. Hall, George W. Kiggs, Anthony
Hyde, James G. Berret, James C. Kennedy,
Henry D. Cooke, and James C. McGuire, of
the city of Washington and of Georgetown,
Distriot of Columbia, and William T. Walters,
of the city of Baltimore, State of Maryland,
and their successors, a body politic and cor-
porate in law, by the name and style of the
Trustees of the Corcoran Gallery of Art, with
the usual powers of a corporation, and to 'do
and perform all other acts and things necessary
or appropriate for the execution of the trusts
created and conferred on them in and by a
certain deed from William W. Corcoran, to
them, dated the 10th of May, I8(S9, recorded on
the 18th of the same month in liber D, No. 8,
folio 294, et se.qv.itur, one of the land records
of Washington county, Districtof Columbia, to
which reference is made for greater certainty;
the intentof thischarter of incorporation being
that the same shall be in execution of the trusts
in the deed declared and set forth, and not to
any other intent or purpose whatever.
The Secretary of War, the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the Secretary of State are also
authorized and directed to ascertain and settle,
upon principles of justice, afair and just com-
pensation for the use of the ground and build-
ings described in the before-mentioned deed
while the same were occupied by the United
States for the public service; and the sum so
ascertained and settled by them, or a majority
of them, upon their certificate and award
thereof, is to be paid to the corporation.
The third section remits any tax which may
be claimed or due to the United States, by
reason of the transfer of the property above
mentioned, or the execution and delivery of
the deed from William W. Corcoran to the
above-named trustees.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with an amendment, to add
the following as an additional section:
And be it farther enacted, That the aforesaid build-
ing and grounds connected therewith, together with
alt the works of art that may be contained therein,
shall be free from all taxes and assessments by the
municipal authorities or the United States so long
as the same shall be held and used for the purposes
herein set forth.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 177.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and. passed.
tjmatil6a reservation indians.
Mr. STEWART. Is there any objection to
my passing that postal bill now?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes. sir; that is 8. bill to
which I have some objections, and it will lead
to some debate.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate joint resolution No. 116. It will
take but a moment to pass it. It is a matter
that has already passed the Senate heretofore.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon asks unanimous consent to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. llfi) instructing the Presi-
dent to negotiate with the Indians upon the
Umatilla reservation, in Oregon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Scnunz] is now in his seat, and
I think we had better go on with the regular
ord er.
Mr. CORBETT. This will take but a mo-
ment. It has already passed the Senate once.
Mr. THURMAN. We do not know any-
thing about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects.
Mr. SC1IURZ. I wish the Senator fiom
Illinois would not object. I am a little out of
breath.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Missouri desires a moment or two longer before
he proceeds with his remarks. The joint reso-
lution referred to by the Senator from Oregon
will be reported by the Secretary, subject to a
demand for the regular order and subject to
objection.
The Secretary read the joint resolution. It
requests the President of the United Stales to
negotiate with the Indians upon the Umatilla
reservation in Oregon, with the view of ascer-
taining on what terms they will relinquish to
the United States all their claim or right to the
reservation, and remove to some other reserva-
tion in the State or Washington Territory, or
take lands in severalty, in quantities not ex-
ceeding one hundred and sixty acres each, on
their present reservation, and to report to Con-
gress; and to defray the expense of such nego-
tiation the sum of $2,000 is appropriated, or
so much thereof as may be necessary.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read the secoud time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
petitions ant) memorials,
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Josiah Copeland, Josiah M. Reed, and others,
praying for an extension of a patent for a new
and useful improvement on boot crimps; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
committee service.
Mr. HOWE. There is a vacancy in the
Committee on Claims, and I move that the
President fill that vacancy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks that the Chair be empow-
ered to fill the vacancy upon the Committee
on Claims occasioned by the declination of the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Robert-
son.] Is there objection? The Chair hears
none. It is so ordered.
state of georgia.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the hill (li. R.
No. 1335) to admit the State of Georgia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Pomekoy to the amend-
ment of Mr. Stewart. The amendment of
Mr. Stewart was to strike out the first proviso
to the bill, in the following words:
Provided. That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to vacate anj; of the offices now filled
in. the btato of Georgia* either by the election of
the people or by the appointment of the Governor
thereof, by and with the advice and ctfnsefttof the
senate of said State; neither shall this act be coza-
struod to extepd the official term of any officer of
said State beyond the tcr.m limited by'the constitu-
tion thereof, dating from the election or appoint-
ment of such officer; nor to deprive the people of
Georgia of the right, under thoir constitution, to
elect senators and Representatives of the State of
Georgia in tho year'1870; but said election shall be
held in the year 1870, either on the day named in said
constitution of said State, or sueh other day as the
present Legislature may designate bylaw.
The amendment to the amendment was tp
strike out the proviso and insert the following:
That the existing government in -the State of
Georgia is hereby declared to be provisional; and.
the samo shall continue subject to the provisions of
tho^acts of Congress of March 2,1867, and March 23,
1807, and of July 19,1807, until the admission ot said
fetato by law to representation in Congress; and for
this purpose the State of Georgia shall continuo tho
third military district.
Sec. 2. And be %t further enacted, That in accordance
with the provisions of and under the powers and
imitations provided in said acts, an election shall
be held in said {State on Tuesday the 15th day of
November, 1870, for all tho members of the General
Assembly of said Stato provided for in the constitu-
tion of said Stato adopted by its convention on the
11th day of March, 1808, at which election all persons
who by said constitution are electors shall be entitled
to vote. And said General Assembly so elected shall
assemble at tho capital of said State on tho 13th day
of December. 1870, and organizo preparatory to the
admission of thcStato to representation in Congress;
and tho powers and functions of tho members of the
existing General Assembly shall cease and dotermino
on tho said 13th day of December, 1870,
Mr. SCHITRZ. Mr. President, when I was
interrupted this afternoon I had just expressed
the opinion, and endeavored to maintain it by
argument, that although we, by congressional
legislation or by executive interference may
accelerate and facilitate a favorable develop-
ment of things in the South, yet that the prin-
cipal means of protection rested in the hands
of the southern people themselves. They are
by no means as helpless as they are frequently
represented to be. The means of self-protec-
tion which they hold in their own hands are
partly of a physical, partly of a moral nature.
This fact was brought very vividly to my mind
by a letter which I received a few days ago
from a gentleman who introduced himself to
me as a Democrat living in the State of Geor-
gia. You will permit me to read to the Sen-
ate a few sentences of it:
"That crimes are committed here is admitted; that
in some instances tho colored people are maltreated
is conceded; but that there is any disloyalty to tho
Government is not true. We have a great State in
resources, and no people have shown so much of
recuperative power since tho war as we have. We
want peace. We can govern ourselves if let alone.
Wc are now in the midst of tho planting season"—
And to this passage I desire to call the espe-
cial attention of the Senate—
" Wo aro now in the midst of tho planting season.
Vast expenditures aro being made to insure a heavy
crop of our staple. With a new lease of power. Gov-
ernor Bullock'h party will put in motion bchomes
which will prostrate the labor of the country and
palsy every arm raised for production. Take tho
one measure, loyal militia, which means black mili-
tia. Tho groat inducement to be hold out to enlist
will empty our fields in many places, and the con-
stant contact of this ' army with bauncrs' with the
laborers in the fields will so demoralize them that
wo can put no dependence on what little labor will
be left. No crops can bo made if the programme is
carried out,, and the result will be private bank-
ruptcy and ruin*
"But these are not the worst of the evils. Youcan
well imagine the dangers to society in other respects.
Some of them you foresaw and stated. It must bo
apparent to you, with the evidence before you. that
Governor Bullock does not want to perpetuate him-
self and Legislature for party ends merely. It is a
well-known fact thatDemocrats are in his combina-
tion for public plunder.
"It has been said the rebels will rejoice over the
success of tho Bingham amendment; but the truth
is nine tenths of our people and all who have our
interests at stake, all who want peace and security
for their homes and their families, do not regard the
issue as a party one, but one which seriously affects
our life, homes, and prosperity."
I did not read this letter for the purpose of
laying before the Senate auything directed by
a "Georgia Democrat against Governor Bul-
lock ; but I desire to call your attention to
those sentences in the letter which apply to
the economical condition of the State of Geor-
