3762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Mr. HOWARD. I object to it entirely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Michigan objects.
Mr. HOWARD. This bill is very well under-
stood, I apprehend, by all Senators, and I do not
see myself any necessity for the prolongation
of the discussion. However, if Senators desire
to spin out the whole night in going over the
same ground they have occupied heretofore, I
can only say to them that I am of their com-
pany ; I go with them; and we will encamp
upon the floor of the Senate if necessary.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California yield to the Senator
from Delaware?
Mr. CASSERLY. I invariably yield to a
gentleman who does not intend to make along
speech.
Mr. BAYARD. I never make a long speech.
I am not aware that I have given my friend or
any other member of this body reason to appre-
hend euch a visitation from me. I have been
referred to in this debate as one of those who
desire further to discuss this question, and I
rise now to say a word in reply to the Senator
from Michigan.
I understand the proposition of the Senator
from New Jersey to be that we allow this bill
to be printed, and that the vote be taken upon
i t. by general consent to-morrow at three o' clock.
In the course of making that proposition he
said something in regard to myself or my col-
league desiring to submit some remarks to the
Senate. That is perfectly true, so far as I am
concerned. I would like to say something in
opposition to the passage of this bill, although
I look upon it as a foregone conclusion in the
end ; but I do not propose to spin out the
long hours of this night, and I do not know
whether I shall even repeat what other mem-
bers have said, for I was not here during the
previous debate. I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan will be satisfied that no
time will be lost whatever by having this vote
certainly taken to-morrow at three o'clock, and
much in the way of convenience to Senators
by not keeping them here at night will occur
from accepting the proposition that has been
made.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator allow
me to Say a word ?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me that the
dispatch of business will be very much increased
by fixing a time for the final vote. If we con-
tinue to sit here to-night it will be a question
again who shall endure the most, and I sup-
pose we shall occupy the whole night. No
good can come from that. It seems to me that
all on our side, the Senator from Michigan in-
cluded, ought to be willing to agree to fix to-
rn orrow at three o' clock— [ " Say t wo': ] —or two
o'clock, and I will offer as a compromise that
to-morrow at two o'clock we agree to vote, and
that will afford ample time to gentlemen who
have not yet spoken to speak on this subject.
Several Senators. Say three o'clock.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not care about the
difference between two and three o'clock.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest that we com-
mence the discussion at half past twelve to-
morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; commence
at half past twelve.
Mr. HOWARD. Were it not the fact that
this bill has been very thoroughly discussed on
both sides, and that the Senate understand it
now as well as they will be likely to do here-
after, if I expected that any new light would
be I brown on the whole subject by further dis-
cussion of it, as seems to be desired by Sen-
ators on the opposite side of the Chamber, I
certninly would agree to such a postponement;
but I do not think so. This bill has been very
fully discussed, and it is a bill, in my judg-
ment, which ought to be passed, and passed
speedily, and to take effect at once throughout
the country. It is a bill which the people are
waiting for all over the country, and expect us
to pass at the earliest practicable moment.
; For one, therefore, I am in favor of staying
here until the Senators on the opposite side
' of the Chamber have had a full opportunity
to express themselves, and then taking the
vote before we go to dinner.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe I have the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor for
the moment.
Mr. CAMERON. I appeal again to the
Senator from Michigan. It is but a few hours'
difference between now and to-morrow; and
it is but fair to give to a Senator on the other
' side who has not spoken on this subject, as is
the case with the Senator from Delaware, who
was not here when the bill was discussed before;
that he should be allowed until to morrow to
prepare himself for speaking on this question
and he should have the opportunity of address-
ing the body. I think the people of the coun-
try, while they expect us to dispose of this bill
very soon, expect us to do it in such a way as
will bo most beneficial to the country, and most
1 graceful toward our friends on the other side,
who are in so small a minority here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania proposes that the vote be
taken to-morrow at two o'clock.
Several Senators. Say three.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not care whether it
be two or three o'clock, but I will say two.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to that proposition?
Mr. STEWART. I would like to inquire
whether, if an arrangement of this kind is
effected to-night, I can have a few minutes to
reply to the objections, say half an hour. '
["Certainly," "Certainly."]
Mr. ANTHONY. That is
Mr. CASSERLY.
is always the rule.
That is a matter of
course.
Mr. HOWE. Then say three o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. Give me forty minutes.
Mr. CAMERON. Say three o'clock, and
the Senator from Nevada shall have thirty
minutes. That is enough; any man can say
in thirty minutes all he wants to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator change the time to three o'clock?
Mr. CAMERON. I will change the time
to three o'clock, and include in my proposi-
tion the understanding that the Senator from
Nevada having charge of the bill shall have
thirty minutes to conclude the debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question. It is proposed by unan-
imous consent that the vote be taken on this
report to-morrow at three o'clock. j;
Mr. THURMAN. Let us understand what 1
that means. Let us understand when it is that :
the Senator who has the bill in charge is to jj
take the floor. i}
Mr. SPRAGUE. At three o'clock. !;
Mr. THURMAN. Let us understand when j;
the Senator from Nevada is to take the floor.
That is always necessary to be understood.
Mr. CAMERON. My suggestion is that we
take the vote at three o'clock to-morrow, and
that the Senator from Nevada shall be allowed
thirty minutes to close the debate if he desires.
Mr. THURMAN. Then he will take the
floor at half past two ?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. CAMERON. Of course.
Mr. NYE. I suggest that the time be fixed at
two o'clock
Mr. CAMERON. What is the difference ?
Mr. NYE. It is necessary that the report
should go to the other House and then the bill
must be enrolled.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not think the differ-
ence between two and three o'clock amounts
to anything.
Mr. HOWARD. As lam followingthe lead
of the Senator from Nevada, who has charge
of this bill, I feel it my duty, of course, to
comply with his wishes upon the subject. If,
therefore, he asks this postponement until to-
morrow at three o'clock, with a view to enable
i himself to make an explanatory speech on this
bill, I shall not object; but unless he does dis-
tinctly ask it I shall insist on my objection,
because as I said before, I think this bill has
been fully discussed, and we cannot amend it
in its present form of a report from a com-
mittee of conference.
, Mr. STEWART. I do not ask it as any
favor to myself. If we go on to-night I shall
make no speech ; but I simply stated that if
the matter went over until to-morrow I should
want half an hour to reply to the objections
that have been made ; otherwise I shall have
nothing to say. I ask for nothing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question. It is proposed that the
vote be taken to-morrow at three o'clock, and
• that the Senator from Nevada have half an
hour before that to address the Senate. Is
there any objection to this arrangement? The
Chair hears no objection, and it is agreed to.
i Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make an in-
quiry. Will the report of the committee of
conference be printed so that we can have it on
our tables to-morrow morning?
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objec-
tion be made the order to print will be entered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to know
in what condition the appropriation bill is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appro-
priation bill was passed over to consider the
report of the committee of conference. It will
come up as soon as the vote is taken on the
committee's report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to re-
sume the consideration of that bill.
Mr. THURMAN. That destroys the agree-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want it to be
next in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appro-
priation bill will come up, of course, when this
report is voted upon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; I
withdraw the motion.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope it is understood
that we commence this debate at half past
twelve o'clock to-morrow. ["Yes."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This ques-
tion will come up to-morrow upon the expira-
tion of the morning business, unless otherwise
ordered by the Senate.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjoiyned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 24, 1870.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Clerk commenced to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. PAINE moved that the further readipg
of the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
internal taxes.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2088) for the reduction
of internal taxes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
LAW3 OP IDAHO.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask unanimous consent
to report from ihe Committee on the Territo-
ries and put upon its passage the bill (H. R.
No. 1803) to disapprove of certain acts of the
Legislative Assembly of Idaho Territory, and
for other purposes.
Mr. WOOD. Will it be in order to object
after the reading of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It will.
