4706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
Mr. MORTON. X shouldliketo inquire of
my friend from Nevada whether any portion
of this road or its branches runs through the
lnd i:ui territory?
Mr. NYE. The object of this bill is to pro-
vide that they shall not forfeit when they come
up to it. ['he land that they strike is the land
of the Cherokee nation, and those Indians have
entered into a treaty stipulation with the Gov-
ernment by which the railroad company may
have two hundred feet wide there. The bill
expressly provides that no land shall be granted
beyond that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment.
Mr. iSHLKMAN. Before that is done I
should like to have the fourth section of the
act referred to in the twentieth line read.
Mr. NYE. I have it here. It provides that
they shall receive no lands until they have got
twenty-five^ miles of road completed and cer-
tified to. The Senator from Ohio says that he
is satisfied, and I presume it is not necessary
to read the section.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to know what
necessity there is for this new legislation. As
first reported by the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad the bill read:
flliat no patents for lands shall issue to said com-
pany except m the manner directed by tho fourth
section of said act.
Now, why is not that language sufficient?
Does the honorable Senator desire that patents
shall issue differently?
Mr. NYE. No; we provide that they shall
not. The Senator will observe that the lan-
guage is changed so as to avoid a question
being raised as to this land, and then it pro-
vides that patents shall issue according to that
fourth section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I will reserve the question
011 that part of the amendment when the bill is
reported to the Senate.
The next amendment of the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad was in section two, line
nine, after the word "prescribe" to add the
following proviso:
Provided'. That if the company shall suffer any
breach of the conditions of the act to which this is
amendatory the rights of the company, and those
claiming, under any mortgage made by the company
to tho lands, franchises, privileges, and other rights
and property granted to it by said act, shall extend
only to so much thereof asshall be conterminous with,
or appertain to, that part of said road which has been
constructed at tho.time the Congress of tho United
btates shall assert its rights under said act in conse-
quence of such breach.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end
ot the second section the following:
a? l ioofand noticoof the legal execution and
effectual delivery of any mortgage, it shall be filed
Interior ™ ° °f the Seor6tary of tbo
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
third section, in the following words :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That tho tenth sec-
tary replaced.*0 Wh'Ch tWs a0t " amendatory is
The amendment was agreed to.
llie VICE PRESIDENT. This completes
the amendments of the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to strike out the
clause relating to mortgages in lines eighteen,
nineteen, twenty, and twenty-one of section
two, in the words: "and the authority of th >
company to execute a mortgage of a portion
11s lands under date of July 1, 1868, to secure
$3,000,000, is hereby affirmed." 1 know not
what, that relates to sufficiently to justify me
in allowing it to be retained iu the bill. Let
the mortgage stand upon the ground on which
it rests already.
Mr. NYE. All right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, HARLAN. I inquire of the chairman
of the committee whether the second section
ought not to be amended in the third line? It
reads: "that that thesaideompaaybeauthor-
lzeu to make and issue its bonds in such form
and manner, for such sums, payable at such
times. ' Is it wise to authorize a mortgage
for an unlimited sum ? I have observed in the
other laws on this subject a maximum has
been named; in some cases $30,000 to the
mile, in some cases $16,000.
Mr. DRAKE. They would not make a mort
gage for more than they needed.
Mr. HOWARD. Probably they would not
make a mortgage for more than was necessary.
Certainly they would not want to mortgage the
road or any part of it for an extravagant sum,
undertaking thereby to pay an extravagant
debt without proper consideration. 1 think
that may just as well be left to the discretion
of the company. I do not see any necessity
for fixing a maximum.
Mr. NYE. They cannot mortgage any more
than they own. That is a condition between
the mortgagor and the mortgagee.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to insert " not
exceeding $30,000jper mile," to come in after
the word "sums,'' inline three, of section two.
r,£r- ^ l10Pe that will not be adopted.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Ihe amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROSS.^ I offer the following amend-
ment to the bill, to come in at the end of sec-
tion two :
Provided, That th o provisions of this act shall in no
17?yJatermro ^lth m-infringe upon therig-hts of the
Atchison, Topeka, and bant&Fo Iiailroad Company.
Mr. NYE. I do not know anything about
til fit.
_ Mr. HOWARD. I think there is no objec-
tion to the amendment. We do not want this
. .     " ^ ! <- U VVifclll, bliLtt
bill to infringe on tho rights of any company.
Mr. NYJj]. I think this is the oldest char-
ter.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Tho Senator is mistaken
about that by about three or four years. The
charter of the Atchison, Topeka.and Santa E6
railroad was passed in 18G3, and of this road I
think in 1808.
Mr. NYE. Very well; let it go on.
Mr. ROSS. If there is no objection to my
amendment I need not make any remarks
upon it.
The amendment was agreed to.
_Mr. CASSERLY. I think the friends of
il,Sn •' '° accePt an amendment which
shall limit the extent of the mortgage of this
road. I regretted that the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa making the limit of the
mortgage $30,000 per mile should have been
rejected._ There certainly should be some
defined limit on that point. I ask the Senator
who has charge of this bill whether he will not
consent to some limitation, say $35,000 per
mile.
Mr. NYE. Make it §40,000.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well; I will move
an amendment restricting the mortgage to not
exceeding ijp40,000 per mile. In other words,
I renew the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa,changing the amount from $30,000 to
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think there ought to
be an amendment also providing that nothing
in this act contained shall be deemed to amount
to a guarantee on the part of tho United States
on the bonds of'this company.
Mr. NYE. There is nothing of that kind
claimed.
Mr. CASSERLY.- If there is no such claim
there can be certainly no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. NYE. Well, let it go on. Put it in.
Mr. CASSERLY. Alter the word " pre-
scribed,'' in line nine, of section two, I move
to insert "but nothing in this act contained
shall constitute a guarantee by the United
States of the payment of said bonds."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont.. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Vermont will suspend. The morning hour
has expired and the bill to reduce taxation is
before the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I hope we shall be allowed to
finish this railroad bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot yield to anything
that will occupy time.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to pass over the
tax bill for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Michigan that a mo-
tion to pass over is not now a motion in order
in the Senate, the rule allowing it having been
repealed ; but tho regular order can be passed
over informally by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope'that will be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this bill will only take
a few moments, I shall not object.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The considera-
tion of Senate bill No. 401 will be continued
for the present, subject to a demand for the
regular order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. To follow the
amendment already adopted in line twenty-
three of the second section, after the words
"'Secretary of the Interior," I move to insert,
' but said company shall have no authority to
mortgage any lands beyond any point where
the road shall have been completed, nor any
lands occupied by Indians."
Mr. HOWARD. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move the following as an
additional section :
And be if further enacted, That the grant made by
the act to which this act is an amendment shall not
apply to tiny lands situated within the limits of tho
so-called. Indian territory.
Sir. HOWARD. I hope this amendment
will not prevail. It is not in accorda.nce?
according to my opinion, with the spirit and
intention of the original charter.
SHERMAN. I trust the Senator from
Michigan, finding this bill will give rise to
debate, as 1 am quite sure it will do, will allow
us to go on with the tax bill. If I have the
right to do it, I call for the regular order
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think this bill
will take more than a few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
M Vv5° d?mand fche regular order.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will accommodate us by giving us ten or
fifteen minutes longer.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know enough of this
subject to be satisfied that the matter embraced
in this amendment is a subject of dispute that
will involve long discussion. I feel it my duty
rpTe^ifL0 COmmiUee 0a PiDauCM° -U
Mr. HOWARD. I appeal to the generosity
of my friend from Ohio to let us gS on for a
fchia burdH !nk WC Sha11 ^ throu^
witn tins bill. He knows as well as I ho
being a member of the Pacific Railroad Com-
mittee, the necessity of action on this bill so
that the road may proceed and the work of'the
company go on. orK 01 the
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senatorappealiu* to
my generosity puts me m an embarrassiuo posi-
Mr SUM® ^I'" yi0W, f°1' fivc ■
say fifteenUnite's. 1 8ppeal t0 ^ ^ to
Mr. SHERMAN. Well I vil! ♦
u^andbeyotidthatlgiW^^Yw^l
ator.r'l1l<?sh ^ky befo?emth« & '°t|he Se!"
language of the charter, and'then tif e.?,xact
the justice or injustice which may be do ^
the company by the adoption of ,1 \°
meat of the Senator from Iowa & 7e"d-
declares, m the second section cha«-ter
as rapidly *a
