2818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
gia. I think I may with propriety answer this
letter in public. I would say to the writer and
his friends: Gentlemen, you who are Democrats
and have great material interests at stake, you
want peace. So do we. If you do want peace
you can have it very easily. You Democrats in
the South can suppress all the disorders which
disturb you without difficulty by your own influ-
ence. Did we not hear a few days ago on this
floor the Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Abbott] say that there was only one prominent
Democrat in the State of North Carolina who
had boldly and forcibly pronounced himself
against the Ituklux organization and the ex-
cesses committed by them, and from that very
time there was not a single case of outrage in
his county upon record? So it appears that if
you Democrats in Georgia really want peace and
order you have only to follow the example of
that Democrat in North Carolina; the only
thing necessary is that you should pronounce
yourselves boldly, fearlessly, and emphatically
against the outrages that are committed by
your party friends. But if you do not fulfill
that plain duty to yourselves, to your families,
to the prosperity of your State, then you must
not complain if we employ those means which
you predict will be so disastrous to your mate-
rial interests. You say that if a loyal militia
be organized, which in your opinion means a
black militia, it will take the laborers from
your fields, and that by the continued contact
between this "army with banners" and the
laborers the whole labor of the State will be
disturbed and demoralized ; that the crop will
go to waste, and ruin and bankruptcy will be
the consequence. Very well, then, if you want
peace and order, ifyouwantto save your crops,
if you want to develop your prosperity, if you
want to avoid the necessity of a black militia,
suppress the disorders yourselves by the moral
and physical force which you possess over your
friends. If you do not, then you cannot find
fault with us if we employ all the means which
are necessary for the purpose, whatever the
result as to your bankruptcy and ruin may be.
Then we are justified in organizing the black
militia you are so much afraid of; justified in
taking your labor from your very fields, and
letting your cotton rot on the ground where it
was raised, and thus holding you responsible
for not performing a duty as plain as daylight
and as important to yourselves as to others.
Public order is a common good. You are not
entitled to its blessings if you discard its obli-
gations.
This would be my answer to the language
of that letter. Now, Senators, do 3'ou not
think if those who act as the leaders of the
loyal men in Georgia and the other recon-
structed States held language and followed a
policy based upon such principles, if they
employed with judgment and determination
all those means which bear directly upon the
material welfare of men of all political parties—
do you not think it would have a most salutary
effect in establishing and maintaining that con-
dition of quiet and order which the interests
of society so urgently demand ? Do you not
think that in such a way more permanent
results may be accomplished than by anything
we can do?
I give this only as an example, in order to
show you that material interests can be made
to cooperate in securing and maintaining a
tolerable state of order in many ways. It can
be done under an intelligent and energetic
management, aided by auxiliary action 011 our
part, but not dependent upon it.
But there are other things of a moral nature
which the loyal people of the southern States
must do for themselves. They must develop
the moral power of their good cause in the
southern States. Already the Senator from
Alabama [Mr. Waknek] alluded to it this after-
noon, and it is well known and cannot be
denied that during the confusion of the recon-
struction period men have risen in some of the
late rebel States into prominence and office
utterly unfit for responsible position, and that
things have been done under their leadership
which would have brought disgrace and destruc-
tion upon any party in any State ever so free
from rebel spirits and from Kuklux organiza-
tions. Sir, I say this with fearless frankness ;
I say this as an honest man; I say it as an
earnest Republican. Our strength is in the
conscience of the people, and we shall outrage
that conscience if we attempt to cover profli-
gacy and corruption with the shield of parti-
sanship. We owe it to our great cause that we
should neither be deaf to the just complaints
of our opponents nor be blind to the short-
comings of our friends. We should uncover
them in order to correct them.
I repeat, that while in some of the southern
States the leaders of the Republican party are
such as to gratify our pride, in others things
have been managed in a manner so scandal-
ous as to justify me in saying that the Repub-
lican party there and the loyal people have
some of their worst and most dangerous ene-
mies in their own ranks. Into those States
you may send ever so many soldiers, and you
may put ever so many districts under martial
law, and yet the Republican party will not
become fairly grounded there until it delivers
itself of its corrupt elements; for in order to
secure the adhesion of the masses you must
first command the respect and confidence of the
people. If the loyal men of the South desire
the Republican party to strike a firm root in
their soil, they must see to it that only their
very best men are raised to places of influ-
ence, power, and responsibility. They must
learn to estimate at their true value those who
disguise with vociferous, extravagant, vindic-
tive demonstrations of radicalism their unscru-
pulous propensity to place their individual
advantage over the common good. In one
word, they must show that they are able and
determined to give good and honest govern-
ments to those States.
What I say may have a harsh sound ; but I
repeat, I entertain a stpong liking for the truth ;
for I know the bold recognition of the truth is
the strength of a good cause.
Let it not be said that I attack the loyal
people of the South. Nothing could be fur-
ther from my mind or more repugnant to my
heart. I honor, I venerate those who stood
by the flag of their country in the hour of their
country's need, who sacrificed and jeopardized
far more than we did. I know they are de-
serving of the very best reward that is held in
store for good men; and just for this reason
I more deeply despise and detest those who
abuse the generous confidence of these deserv-
ing men, rising to power by their favor, and
then obeying only the instincts of gross selfish-
ness; and the sooner the Republican party of
the South is delivered of such leaders the bet-
ter it will be for its power and prosperity. I
repeat, .sir, I delight in honoring the southern
leaders who come up to the standard of what
Republican leaders ought to be, and I am glad
to say there are not a few of them. But such
leaders must be chosen in all the States. If
they are not, I warn you whatever efforts you
may make to establish and maintain Repub-
lican ascendency there they will all be in vain.
This, sir, is my view of the situation in the
South in general and in Georgia in particular,
and of some of the physical and moral reme-
dies to be applied.
Now, sir, let us see what is proposed here.
I have already brought back to the remem-
brance of the Senate the gloomy description
which was given of the condition of things in
the South a few days ago by the Senator from
Indiana and others. It is not necessary that
I should unroll before your eyes again that
picture of blood, of distress, and of misery. 1
hung with great expectation upon Ills lips when
I heard him recount act after act, horror after
horror, one more atrocious than another, one
proving more strongly than another how great
the disease is and how powerful a remedy is
required. I say I hung with anxious expect-
ation on his lips, waiting for the moment when
he should disclose to us what prescription I10
had in store ; and what was it? For all these
terrible evils the main cure, as far as Georgia
is concerned, is to consist in a continuation of
this present Legislature for two years beyond
its constitutional term. What avain illusion !
Why, sir, we have had Republican State gov-
ernment under Governor Bullock in Georgia
for nearly two years, aided and supported by
military power under one of the ablest and
most energetic officers who adorn the Ameri-
can Army ; and according to their own admis-
sion they have accomplished nothing. They
have accomplished just as little as Republican
Legislatures and Republican Governors have
accomplished in other southern States. And
now ah effort is made to make us believe that
the Georgia Legislature will accomplish won-
ders if we will only continue it for two years
beyond its constitutional term, even without
the aid of the military!
I beg you to consider for a moment the cir-
cumstances in which that State government
willbeplaced, circumstances far more difficult,
embarrassing, and perplexing than those which
ever surrounded any reconstructed State gov-
ernment in the South. Look at it. The legit-
imacy of its very existence being denied, and
not without reason ; its own party being broken
to pieces and demoralized by this very act of
usurpation; its enemies, those who were for-
merly detested as mere rebels, being enabled
in their wild efforts to baffle its rule to repre-
sent themselves as champions of sound consti-
tutional principles ; their very acts of crime
being clothed with the color of lawful resist-
ance to an unlawful power—I ask you, what
authority can such a Legislature be expected
to exercise ? Where will be that moral power
which is so necessary for the accomplishment
of its great task? Are we, indeed, so childish
as to indulge in the fantastical delusion that so
rickety a State government as that, the very
incarnation of moral weakness, a State govern-
ment whose very existence is a provocation, will
accomplish things which have not yet been
accomplished in other States by Republican
State governments with the full force of their
moral power behind them, even aided by the
strong arm of the military power of the United
States ?
Truly, sir, when I heard the Senators tell us
that tale of blood, and when they at last came
to this most lame and impotent conclusion,
I was but too forcibly reminded of,the mount-
ain in travail which brought forth so egre-
giously ridiculous a mouse. Think once more
of that gloomy picture of danger, distress,
and desolation. Why, sir, I thought nothing
would and could satisfy those Senators but a
levy of at least fifty thousand men to be
marched straight into Georgia to put down
the most atrocious of civil disorders; and now,
now tliey are satisfied if Governor Bullock
can only have the management of that same
Legislature for another season beyond its con-
stitutional term. If half they told us was true,
then I should think military government of
the strongest kind would be an absolute neces-
sity ; and I must confess, even as things are
now, I shall ten times rather vote for the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Kansas, which orders the election of a Legis-
lature next fall under military protection, than
permit this poor scheme—a scheme impotent
and lawless at the same time—which has been
submitted to us by those who have told us such
fearful tales about the condition of things in
the southern States to go into execution.
Senators, permit me to call your attention to
the spectacle presented here; a spectacle very
significant indeed. See here the statesmanship
ot the Senate ol'the United States in the leading-
strings of some political schemers. I speak out
frankly, for so it is. See hosv wc are told by
lobbyists that the condition of things in Geoi -
gia is bad, very bad; so very bad, indeed, as to
