5650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
examination of the reports of the majority and
the minority in this case I am firmly convinced
of the right of the sitting member to retain his
seat; that he actually received a majority of the
legal votes of his district. I shall not detain
tlie House by referring- to the particular evi-
dence establishing this fact; it would require
more time than I intend to occupy. A very
careful examination, however, of both reports
lias led me firmly to the conviction I have
slated, and I therefore feel it my duty to cast
my vote in favgr of the sitting member.
Mr. CESSNA. I yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.]
Mr. RANDALL. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
to the House that the minority of this com-
mittee want it distinctly understood that in
consenting to this extraordinary trial of this
case, upon the eve of the adjournment, and
with but a few minutes for its consideration,
we do not yield a single conviction in reference
to its merits. We only recognize the fact that
the case is already prejudged by the majority
of the House, and that the personal circum-
stances of Mr. Reid demand its final determ-
ination. He has been patiently awaiting the
action of the House and doing all in his power
to hasten that action 'during the past six
months. We do not agree that Mr. Reid's
title to this seat is not complete and perfect.
On the contrary, we contend and believe that
it is ; that no gentleman sitting on this 'floor
now holds his seat by any better title than that
by which Mr. Reid should hold the seat now
held by*Mr. Julian. We believe, on the law
and the facts, that Mr. Reid should have had
the original certificate and been admitted to a
seat here, and the relations of these gentle-
men as contestant and contestee should have
been reversed, and if the election officers at
the south poll of Richmond and the Governed
of Indiana had done their duty according to
law they would have been reversed.
The result was brought about by an irreg-
ularity on the part of the officers of the south
poll of the city of Richmond which was justi-
fied by no law of the State of Indiana, justified
by no principle of justice, in direct defiance of
the duties of election officers, and an outrage
on the rights of Mr. Reid, and was brought
about by the political friends of Mr. Julian, in
manifest and corrupt violation of law. The
officers of that south poll possessed no judicial
powers, and when they exercised the power of
rejecting that poll they did wrong, and the
supreme court of Indiana, in the case of Brower
vs. O'Brien, (2 Ind. R., 123,) so decided the
law in Indiana generally. In that case the
court said:
"With regard to this point it may be observed that
the duties of both the board of canvassers and the
clerk, in making the estimate and declaration re-
quired, are merely ministerial. It is noiwithin their
province io consider or determine any questions rela-
tive to the validity of the election held, or the votes
received by the persons voted for. They are simply
to cast up the votes given for each person trom the
proper election returns or documents, and to deolare
tho person who, upon tlio face of these documents,
appears to have received the highest number of votes
given duly elected to the office for which ho was a
candidate.'1
The committees of this House have repeat-
edly so decided. The committee so decided
in the case of Barneses. Adams at this session,
and the House adopted the report. But my
excellent friend from Iowa [Mr. McOrary]
finds it necessary in this case to reconsider his
very able and admirable report in the case
of Barnes vs. Adams and to go back on him- !
self. I am sorry he is driven to such an emer- j
geney to sustain Mr, Julian in this case, which, j
in my judgment, on this particular point, and j
as to the de facto character of the officers, j
stands upon the same legal principles as the j
case of Barnes vs. Adams, and upon every j
principle of law and upon all the adjudicated j
cases, whether in the courts of the country or j
in this House, except two or three in this j
House which are worthy of uo respect, this I
south poll ought to be received. In every
sense, on the law of Indiana, on the law of the
country, on the grounds of common decency
and common right, those election officers of
thesouth poll should be held to be legal election
officers de facto at least. Theinspector is not
so low in legal right as a de facto officer, as he
exercised his duties as an officer dejure, and
in precise accordance with the law. The other
members of that election hoard were selected
from the bystanders, with the approval of the
inspector. They were thus regularly chosen,
and, taking the most critical and technical view
of their legal relations, they were good officers
de facto.
But let us briefly examine the reasons assigned
by the majority for the rejection of this poll.
It is said there were some irregularities in
the conduct of the election. We admit it; but
rejection does not necessarily follow. It is not
the object of the law, and it is forbidden by-
public policy, that the proceedings of such
officers shall be held void upon merely tech-
nical grounds, or for mere informalities, or non-
observance of merely directory provisions of
law, or for any reasons which do not go to the
very substance of the election or destroy its
fairness and purity. All these frivolous and
immaterial quibbles fall below thejust dignity
of this House, and should be spurned when
they are appealed to for the purpose of defeat-
ing the great right of the people to be repre-
sented here in the person of their choice—not
the choice of the majority of this House. The
great question for us to decide is, whom did
the people of this district elect? The ballots
answer, Reid ; and they cannot be made to
answer otherwise without unjust tampering or
rejection.
It is said that the north poll should be
counted, which gave Mr. Julian a large ma-
jority, and that the south poll should be re-
jected, which gave Mr. Reid a majority of
201. But if one of these polls ought to be
rejected, why not both? If the object is to
elect Mr. Julian, right or wrong, I can well
see why the north ought not to be cast out and
the south poll should be. But it will be very
difficult for any impartial mind, after a careful
analysis of the testimony, to reject one and not
the other. The testimony clearly shows that
at both polls there was but one and the same
registry; that both election precincts were
organized under the same law and by the same
order of the county boards; that both election
boards opened and closed the election at the
same hour; that both, for the same reasons
and purposes, removed the poll-books and
tickets from the place of holding the election
to other places for counting; that both, under
the same motives, counted and announced the
result of the election as to. Governor by the
heads of ticlcets, in advance of the full and
• legal ascertainment of the result as to all the
candidates; that both took the like recess for
supper before completion of their duties; that
during that time the ticket boxes of the south
poll were locked, and the keys retained by the
inspector, and the room was examined and
locked by the judges, and the key kept by
them, both Republicans; but—and here arises
a divergence in their conduct to the prejudice
of the north poll—at the north poll, after count-
ing and announcing the result as to Governor,
as I have stated, the boxes were left open on
the table, and the room was left open and ten
or twelve men left in it, and the trustee went
to his supper, and remained absent about forty
minutes. I repeat, therefore, that the claims
of the north poll to be accepted and counted,
with its majority for Mr. Julian, are absolutely
less than those of the south poll, with its ma-
jority for Mr, Reid. Even-handed and impar-
tial justice demands that both be received or
bothrejected. We say both should be received
and counted. Both were organized and con-
ducted under the auspices of Mr. Julian and
his political friends, and in his interests, and
nearly all the officers were Republicans.
But it is further complained that nonn of the
officers of the south poll were legal residents of
the south precinct, and that, therefore, they
were incompetent to act, and their aetgarevoid.
The truth, however, is that they were all legal
residents and electors of the township within
which the two precincts were formed, and Judge
Lynde, the inspector, under the express pro-
visions of the law, became inspector by virtue
of his position on the registration board for
the township, being the second officer on that
board ; so( that, although they all resided out
of the sonth precinct, the inspector's official
position on the election board was prescribed
by the law, and is therefore not subject to ques-
tion, and the others were legal citizens of the
State, county, and township, and all acted
under color of authority, by the consent and
request of the people and of the inspector, and
under the control and in the interests of Mr.
Julian and his political friends. It does not
become him to object to them now, and the
law has uo respect for his objections, for they
are against its teachings and not just.
If we admit that all the officers were non-
residents of the precinct, bis case is not thereby
strengthened. They were still competent to
be officers de facto, to perform legal official
duties under color of authority, and, in the
absence of fraud or actual corruption in the
conduct of the election, the result aa to third
persons must be accepted as valid and binding.
Under such circumstances, the requirement
of law, that the officers should reside in the
precinct, if it were ever so clear, would only
be directory, and its non-observance without
fraud would vitiate nothing. It is not neces-
sary, to constitute an officer de facto, that he
should be eligible to the office, or possess all
the qualifications prescribed by law, or that
his induction into the office shall be in the pre-
cise manner prescribed by law. It is only
requisite that he shall enter the office under
color of authority, and perform its duties in
good faith. If these officers, therefore, had
been infants, or non-residents of the county,
or citizens of another State, or even aliens, still
they were competent to be good officers de-facto.
This proposition can be best illustrated and
maintained by the citation of a few pertinent
authorities. It has been decided by the supreme
court of New York, in an elaborate opinion in
the case of The People Cook, (14 Barbour,
259,) from which we quote a few sentences :
" It becomes important in this case to determine
whether tho objections whieh are taken to the in-
spectors of elections in the several cases presented in
the bill of exceptions aro of that character which
should be held to invalidate the canvass in thesa
several localities. These objections are of a twofold
character, extending to tho regularity or legality of
their uimointmetlt ami to their o/>tiwUm to '/ualihj In/
takingtheproperoathofojfice." *• * * * "[f.
is sufficient that they were inspectors de facto. They
came into offico by color of title, and that is sufficient
to constitute them officers de facto. The rule is well
settled by a long series of adjudications, both in Eng-
land and this eountiy, that aets done by those who
aro officers de facta are good and valid as regards tho
public and third persons who have an interest in
their aets: uudtherulo has been appliedtoaetsjudi-
cialas well as to those ministerial in their character
ihis doctrine has been held and applied to almost
every conceivable ease. It cannot be profitable to
en ter m to any extended discussion of the eases. The
principle has become elementary, and tho cases are
almost endless in whieh the ralo has been applied."
So, in the case of McGregor vs. Balch, (14
Vermont, 428,) it was held that although a per-
son could not legally hold the office of justice
of the peace at all while holding the office of
assistant postmaster under the United States,
yet, having entered the former office under the
forms of law, he was a justice of the peace de
facto, and his acts as such were valid as to
third persons and the public.
'ihe same point, much more strongly and
directly, has been settled by the supreme court
of Pennsylvania, in the case of Baird vs. Bank
of Washington, (11 S. & K., 414.) I quote a
sentence from the opinion in this case :
_ "The pi inciple of colorable election hoias not only
in regard to the right of electing, but of being elected.
A person 'indisputably ineligible may be an officer de
facto by color ot election."
