1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4707
the Indim title to all lands falling under the opera-
tion oi this act and acquired in the donation to the
roud named m the act.
It is quite apparent, from the language of
this clause, that the United States have taken
upon themselves an obligation to extinguish the
Indian title to the Indian country, in order that
this railroad company may have their alternate
sections of land through that country. It is
very true that the obligation of the Government
is not positive and unconditional, but the lan-
guage is that "the United States shall extin-
guish, as rapidly as maybe consistent with pub-
lic puhcy and the welfare of the Indians, and only
by their voluntary cession, the Indian title,"
&c. Surely the United States is bound to make
an earnest and honest effort to extinguish the
Indian title. Nobody can doubt this. Wehave
taken upon ourselves this obligation, beyond
all question, to endeavor to extinguish the
Indian title, a thing which can onlybedoueby
the consent of the Indians and by their volun-
tary cession, for which, as a matter of course,
somebody must pay the Indians a valuable con-
sideration. No one can doubt this. Thatpay-
nient must come from the United States when-
ever it extinguishes this title ; for the United
States is the party to extinguish the title, and
of course the party to pay for that extinguish-
ment. When the United States shall have
extinguished the Indian title, and the lands
thall have been surveyed into sections, then,
of course, this company will be entitled under
i he charter to the alternate sections through the
Indian territory. I can give the act no other
construction. It therefore follows that the
company have a beneficial interest to the extent
of the alternate sections on each side of their
line through the Indian country.
This is what the United States has promised
the company, the purpose of the United States
being to give to the company the same benefits
of the laud grant through the Indian territory
as exist in other portions of the route of the
road. The amendment of the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa, on the other hand, excludes
this obligation on the part of the United States
and seeks to repeal and annul it._ It seems
to me that such a measure is not fair in regard
to the company, is taking away from them a
most valuable right, which, I think, under their
charter they are entitled to. Ihope, therefore,
the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. HARLAN. I will modify the amend-
ment I offered ; and I wish to state here that
the Committee on Indian Affairs unanimously
directed me to offer the amendment to the
pending bill in this shape :
A,id be it further enacted, That the grant of land
m.ide by this act or the act amended by this actshall
not apply to any lands lying within the limits of the
so-called Indian territory, except so far as may be
necessary ior the right of way, turn-outs, and stand-
ing-places for cars, and for the location ot depot
buildings, station-houses, and other structures ne-
cessary ior the constiuction and operation of said
road, lor which the said company shall pay to the
Icrtal owners a just and fair compensation, to be as-
certained in such manner as the President 01 the
I; nited St a tea shall prescribe; and the proviso of the
seventeenth section of the act amended oy tins act
shall be, and is hereby,so amended as to read asiol-
lows, namely: "Provided, That any sucu grant or
donation, power, aid, or assistanee from any Indian
ti ibc or nation shall be subject to the approval ot
Congress."
Mr. HOWARD. The amendment as now
presented by the honorable Senator is open to
the same objection. It seeks to take away from
the company that which the Government of the
United States has promised to them, a most
valuable right and interest. The amendment,
as now modified, simply gives to the company
the right of way through the Iudian territory,
with proper room for turn-outs, &c. That is
not what we have promised them. We have
promised them alternate sections through the
whole Indian country whenever ,the Indian
title is extinguished. That is the point.
Mr. MORTON. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator if the charter makes it the duty of the
Government to extinguish the Indian title to
th se alternate sections?
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly. I so regard
it. I read the clause before, and if the Sen-
ator will pardon me I will read it again:
" The United States shall extinguish as rapidly as
may bo consistent with public policy and the wel-
fare of the Indians, and only by their voluntary ces-
sion, the Indian title to all lands falling under the
operation of this act, and acquired in the donation
to the road named in the act,"
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, this is the
beginning of the violation of the solemn com-
pact that has been made with the Indians who
have been removed to this territory. It is the
repetition of what has been done before. They
were removed to this territory as a permanent
home ; this land was patented to them, as I am
informed, in fee simple ; and now the Senator
places the charter of a railroad company as a
higher right and as a higher title than that of
the Indian.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg the Senator's pardon.
He will allow me to correct him. I know he
does not wish to misrepresent me.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly not. It is not a
higher right which the bill claims at all. The
charter of 1800 recognizes the right and title
of the Indians, and does not assume to alter it
an iota in any respect, but simply declares that
the United States shall extinguish this Indian
title, always by the consent of the Indians.
Of course the Indians have a right to sell their
land, and the Government may buy it.
Mr. MORTON. That is the very point, that
the Government has bound itself to extinguish
this Indian title as fast as possible; in other
words, it has imposed a duty upon itself to
encroach upon this last refuge of the Indians,
to begin by running a railroad through it,
bringing the whites again in contact with the
Indians, dividing up their home, no longer to
have a sacred place reserved to themselves,
as they had supposed. We all know how this
will end. We know it will end by driving the
Indians out again, perhaps in another Indian
war, because here are assembled in this reser-
vation the most warlike Indians in the United
States or upon this continent. They went there
as a permanent home; it was patented to them;
and liowvve begin the work ofdiiving them out;
first project a railroad there that must take a
line of population along, must establish vil-
lages necessarily, granting land subject to the
Indians consenting to give it up, and binding
ourselves to attempt to extinguish the Indian
title; and whenever the Government sets about
doing that it can always do it. It can always
find Indian chiefs, and adventurers, aiid half-
breeds, and Indian agents, who will be able to
bring about a treaty. It has never failed to do
that where it has gone deliberately about the
business. I therefore protest, against this.
While we may " keep the word of promise to
the ear," while we may keep it technically by
saying "it must be by the consent of the
Indians," yet in a broad, moral sense, it is
trampling under foot all our obligations to the
Indians and breaking faith with them in the
broadest possible way.
Mr. HOWARD rose.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President^ I must
call for the regular order. The time is up.
Mr. HOWARD. I cannot ask any further
favors from my friend from Ohio. 1 am very
much obliged to him for what he has done.
Mr. NYE. Will this bill be the unfinished
bUTheSVICE PRESIDENT. It will not be.
It will resume its place on the Calendar until
called up again.
MKPPAGE FJlOM Till'* HOUSE-
A message from the House^of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Ci-ix'-fox Lloyd, itsCiiiet Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolutions; in which it
requested the concurrence ot the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1227) to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 347) donat-
ing certain condemned ordnance to the Lyon
Monument Association ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 348) donating
condemned cannon.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills and joint resolutions; and
they were thereupon signed by the Vice Pres-
ident :
A bill (S. No. 513) remitting tax erroneously
assessed upon one hundred and fifty gallons of
whisky belonging to J. P. P. Camp, of Spar-
tanburg, South Carolina;
A bill (S. No. 800) for the relief of John E.
Griffin;
An act (S. No. 327) for the relief of William
H. Murphy, of Parmington, Missouri;
An act (S. No. 724) for the relief of James
H. Trotter and William H. Dupree;
An act (S. No. 459) to authorize the settle-
ment of the accounts of officers of the Array
and Navy;
An act (S. No. 347) forthe relief of J. Allen
Porter ;
An act (S. No. 582) for the relief of George
W. Tarleton;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 115) to provide
forthe payment oftheclaimof Martha A.Bstill,
administratrix of the estate of James M. Estill,
deceased, Redick McKee, and Pablo de la
Toba; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 157) conferring
upon the Court ofClaims jurisdiction to hear and
determine the claim of William B. Campbell.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The. tax bill is
now before the Senate as the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday.
Mr. CONKLING. I have the permission
of the Senator from Ohio, who has charge of
that bill, to move that the House bill touching
naturalization be made the special order imme-
diately after the disposition of the tax bill.
The "VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York moves that the bill (H. R. No. 2201)
to amend the naturalization laws and to punish
crimes against the same be made the special
order immediately after the conclusion of the
bill in regard to taxation. The question is on
this motion of the Senator from New York,
which requires a two-thirds vote.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1227) to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The following joint resolutions were sever-
ally read twice by their titles, and referred to-
the Committee on Military Affairs:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 347) donating
certain condemned ordnance to the Lyon Mon-
ument Association; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 348) donating
condemned cannon.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit the following
order:
Ordered, That on and after Monday, the 27th in-
stant, tlio daily meeting? of the Senate shall com-
mence at eleven o'clock a. m.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this order 1
The Chair hears none.
The order was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. Does the rule in regard to
evening sessions still remain in force?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. CASSERLY. I thought the under-
standing of the mover was that we were to
<*et rid of evening sessions.
* Mr. POMEROY. That is not included m
any understanding that I had. My under-
standing simply is that we add one hour's more
work daily and have evening sessions besides.
