1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3763
The bill was read. The first section disap-
proves and annuls so much of the revenue laws
passed by the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of Idaho, January 13, 1869, as provides
for special license or tax to be collected of and
paid by Chinamen or persons of the Mongolian
race who may be engaged in mining or hold
mining claims in said Territory, and so much
of tke laws of said Territory as discriminate
between persons of eaid race and other persons
in regard to taxation.
The second section disapproves and annuls j;
the act passed by the Legislative Assembly of 11
the Territory of Idaho, January 15, 1869, creat- Ij
ing the office of district attorney for each county !
in this Territory, and defining their duties and 1
providing for their compensation. !
The third section disapproves and annuls all i
acts and parts of acts heretofore passed by the !
Legislative Assembly of Idaho to provide for
the payment of salaries or extra compensation
out of the territorial treasury to officers hold-
ing commissions by Federal appointment in
said Territory.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object;
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the gentleman will
not do that. The Delegate from Idaho and the
Committee on the Territories have agreed to
this.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot help that. I dis-
agree to it.
Mr. CULLOM. I recognize the gentle-
man's right to do so, but I hope he will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. If you will strike out the
first section, I have no objection to the bill.
Mr. CULLOM. The first section is very
important, and I cannot consent to strike it
out.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I must object.
martha. m. turner.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2089) granting a pen-
sion to Mrs. Martha M. Turner; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions. .
chinese and japanese indemnity funds.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Revolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House his opin-
ion respecting the justice and policy of a restoration
to the Chinese and Japanese Governments, respect-
ively, of the funds known as the Chinese and Japan-
ese indemnity fands.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object.
soldiers' monument, jersey city.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I ask the House to put
upon its passage a joint resolution donating
condemned cannon for a soldiers' monument
at Jersey City, New Jersey.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does that come from the
Committee on Military Affairs?
The SPEAKER.. It comes from the gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. Cleveland, j
Mr. MAYNARD. I objected to a similar
resolution the other day unless it should be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CLEVELAND. A similar bill passed
yesterday.
Mr. MAYNARD, I objected to a similar
bill offered by the gentleman's colleague [Mr.
Hill] the other day.
Mr. CLEVELAND. That bill haa passed
the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. Well, I objected to it,
and I was not aware it had passed.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I withdraw the joint
resolution.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the amendments of the
House to the bill and joint resolution of the
Senate of the following titles ;
A bill (S. No. 76) concerning divorces in the
District of Columbia; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 120) to provide
for the appointment of an examiner of claims
for the Department of State, and for additional
clerks in the Department.
removal of charges of desertion.
Mr. STOUGHTON, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs a joint resolution (H. R. No. 299) in
regard to charges of desertion in cases of sol-
diers honorably discharged ; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that in all cases where private soldiers in
the late war for the Union served out the term
of their enlistment, and were honorably dis-
charged from the service, or died while in the
service and in the line of duty, it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of War, upon the appli-
cation of the party or his representative, to
remove any charge of desertion thatmay stand
upon the roil against such soldier, when there
has not been a conviction for desertion by a
court-martial; provided that the fund appro-
priated for the maintenance of a national
asylum for disabled volunteer soldiers shall
not be diminished by the provisions of this
joint resolution.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the-joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion, to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
licensing yachts.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Commerce
Senate bill No. 237, to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to license yachts;" which was ordered to
be printed and recommitted.
american commerce.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for th'e regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House resumes the considera-
tion of the bill reported from the select Com-
mittee on the Causes of the Reduction of Ameri-
can Tonnage, being House bill No. 1889, to
revive the navigation and commercial interests
of the United States, on which the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Peters] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. PETERS. I will yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Lynch,] who desires to submit a propo-
sition to the House in relation to the order of
business
The SPEAKER. All qnestions relating to
the priority of business the Chair is in the habit
of considering as not coming out of the morn-
ing hour, although the regular order has been
called.
Mr* LYNCH. I ask consent of the House
to extend the morning hour of to-day to one hour
and fifteen minutes, and then I will endeavor
to finish up this bill to-day.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
Mr. LYNCH. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will withdraw his
objection, for a great many gentlemen desire to
be heard upon this subject.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman should
succeed in having the morning hour *un for an
hour and a quarter and then call the previous
question, if it should be seconded he would then
have another hour and at least one call of the
yeas and nays; so that some two hours and a
half of to-day's session will be occupied in the
consideration of this bill.
Mr. LYNCH. We will get through early iu
the day.
Mr. DAWES. There is an appropriation
bill now pending in Committee of the Whole
unfinished ; there is another appropriation bill
ready to be reported. And I see the honor-
able gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] is
back here in his seat, ready ot' course to call
up his tax bill. I had hoped that the coast
would be clear before the gentleman was ready
with his bill. I do not think that pending all
this important business the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] should ask for more time
than the rules will give him.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman would think
nothing of going on and discussing this prop-
osition for half an hour. I hope he will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman asks for fif-
teen minutes more than the morning hour; and
should that be given him he would use the rule
to secure an hour and a half in addition to that.
Mr. LYNCH. I can do that any way.
Mr. DAWES. Then if the gentleman pro-
poses to "do that any way," that will be
enough.
Mr. LYNCH. It is only fifteen minutes that
I ask, and I hope the gentleman will withdraw
his objection to it.
Mr. DAWES. I insist upon my objection.
If the gentleman proposes to take two hours
and a half to day "any w^y," I think it is a
little unreasonable for him to ask for any more.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Peters] is entitled to the floor, and will
proceed.
Mr. PETERS addressed the House. [His
remarks will appear in the Appendix.] At the
conclusion of his remarks he yielded to
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill
devised to protect against protection, coming
from the friends of protection. The question
is, shall we encourage ship-building by sub-
sidies and bounties? It is not a project to
encourage commerce or navigation, but mere
ship-building. If it were proposed to encour-
age commerce or navigation a man of com-
mon sense would say, "Let our citizens buy
ships where they can buy them the cheapest;
put no restrictions on their purchase; do as
Austria does; do as France does ; buy cheap
ships; bny them at two thirds of what you can
build them for ; put the American flag on any
ship that anybody will sell us, and our bold
and hardy sailors will drive all competitors
from the ocean." In this way we might encour-
age commerce, in this way we might encour-
age navigation vastly. We can buy iron ships
in England so much cheaper than we can build
them that just now it seems like madness not
to do it. The strongest reasons given for
the opposite policy are the training of skillful
shipwrights at home and the building up of
our own interests in this branch of business.
To accomplish this the committee propose to
allow ship-builders drawbacks or a return of
all duties upon all imported material that goes
into the construction of a ship, such as timber,
metals, cordage, and sails. Next to pay to
ship-builders who use any American material
an amount equivalent to the duties imposed on
similar articles of foreign manufacture when
imported. In addition it is provided that all
ship stores and coal to be used and consumed
on any voyage from any port of the United
States to any foreign port may be purchased
free of import and internal duty. Upon all
this a bounty of $1 50 for each registered ton
of every sail vessel and every steamer running
to and from the ports of the North American
provinces, and lour dollars a registered ton
upon every steamer running to and from any
European port, and three dollars to any other
foreign ports. Such are the main provisions of
the bill.
It is impossible to estimate the annual aggre-
gate of these, since the amount of shipping is
not fixed or limited, and would, if the bill
becomes an act, be very larfely increased from
year to year.
The distinguished gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lynch] who has charge of this bill, iu
