1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2819-
renderthe continuation of that Legislature be-
yond its constitutional term absolutely neces-
sary ; but , mark you, not exactly bad enough to
require military government. £>o you not see
how illogical, how preposterous, how ridiculous
this proposition is? Doyou not feel that it isan
outrage to the dignity of your own understand-
ing? Has it not observed and watched the
lobbyists who thus play fast and loose, who
represent the state of things there now as hardly
to be overcome by the strongest military meas-
ure, and then the next moment tell you that
they can overcome it by the mere continuation
of this Legislature—has it not occurred to you
that on the very front of their arguments the
mark of dishonesty is apparent? Has it not
occurred to you that there must be something
else behind tliem than a profound and honest
solicitude for the welfare of their people'! Do
you deem it consistent with your dignity; will
your consciences permit you to follow the lead
of men who attempt to move you forward and
backward like cliess-meu on a board, and who
by their very tricks demonstrate their insin-
cerity?
Now, sir, permit me to sum up. I do not
say by any means that we should stand by idly
and coldly while the loyal people of the South
are in danger. We should exert all our consti-
tutional power to aid them with appropriate
legislation, and if need be even with executive
interference, according to the fundamental laws
of the land. While thus supporting them we
should encourage them to use those means of
protection which they hold in their own hands;
thus awakening and developing in them that
self-reliance the absence of which has been so
far one of the greatest and the most prolific
sources of their weakness and their danger.
Finally, we should stimulate in them that moral
sense which will lead them to cast out all un-
clean elements and to place themselves upon
the only ground on which their permanent as-
cendency can grow. By following this policy
we shall confer an infinitely greater benefit upon
the loyal people of the South than by increas-
ing their demoralization with the idea that their
wire-pullers can come up here whenever they
please and make us accept and carry out any
scheme, ever so illegal, ever so reckless, ever
so corrupt, ever so scandalous, if they only
adroitly raise a cry of distress. By this policy
we shall confer a far greater benefit upon them
than by that political quackery which vents
itself in furious and sensational declamation,
and when asked for its remedies brings forth
only such as are ridiculous for their inefficiency
or impracticable for their extravagance.
I remember, sir, that time and again in the
course of this debate the charge of a desire to
deliver the loyal people of the South iuto the
hands of their enemies has been flung into our
faces. I deny that charge and I repel it; nay,
more, I assert and maintain that those who
advocate the illegal perpetuation of that Legis-
lature are about to deliver the loyal people far
more surely into the hands of their enemies,
for they will provoke the most violent of reac-
tions and at the same time strip the loyal
people in that State of all moral power with
which to resist it. Of all the measures that
have been proposed this certainly is not only
the most illogical, not only the weakest, not
only the most barren of good, but the most
prolific of evil; it is the most cruel to the loyal
people of Georgia themselves that could be
invented.
Mr. President, I admit there are means other
than those I have indicated to establish and
maintain a ®ertaiu degree of law and order in
the southern States. Those are the means by
which Russia maintained and established order
in Poland; by which France is in the habit of
establishing and maintaining law and order in
unruly districts in Algeria. Arbitrary govern-
ment, despotism, is quite efficient in such cases,
as long as it lasts; hut I apprehend in a coun-
try like this, where the people still believe that
aconstitutional Governmeutis able to solve even
the most perplexing problems, arbitrary gov-
ernment will not last long; and one thing is
certain, that in its fall it will drag down with it
those who have supported it. And yet some-
thing like this has beeu proposed on the floor
of the Senate.
_ This debate has beeij-an exceedingly interest-
ing and^ instructive study to me. It showed
most strikingly how an honest zeal for a laud-
able object may sometimes lead men to danger-
ous extremes by leaving everything else, aside
from that one object, out of view. We have
listened to some Senators, who in order to pro-
tect. the loyalists of the State of Georgia gravely
deduced from the constitutional amendments
and the guarantee clause the power of Congress
not only to enforce those amendments by ap-
propriate legislation, not only to correct unre-
publican features in the form of a State gov-
ernment, but the power of Congress by its own
arbitrary act to prolong the tenure of a State
Legislature beyond its constitutional term.
Sir, were not those who proposed that evi-
dently forgetting that such a doctrine is
utterly subversive of our whole structure and
mechanism ot local self-government, which
has conferred such incalculable blessings on
this country ?
_We have heard Senators denounce all con-
stitutional objections to such doctrines as pal-
try, contemptible technicalities, evidently for-
getting that where constitutional forms are
systematically trodden under foot, there con-
stitutionalguarantees will very soon lose their
value; evidently forgetting how often in the
struggles for human liberty constitutional tech-
nicalities have served as strong bulwarks of the
rights and liberties of men, and how soon in
our own history we may again have occasion
to appeal to constitutional technicalities to per-
form the same office ; evidently forgetting that
this Constitution of ours is now at last what
we want it to be; that we have every reason in
the world to insist upon its strict observance;
that we ought to be the very last to set to our
opponents the dangerous example of trifling
with it.
We listened to other Senators proposing to
invest military officers in districts under mar-
tial law with the arbitrary power to levy con-
tributions in money on whomsoever and to
whatever amount they please. I have no doubt,
sir, that this proposition sprang from good in-
tentions ; but have those Senators forgotten
that great revolutions have been made, and
that thousands of lives have been sacrificed in
the history of the world for the abolition of
just such practices as they now coolly propose
to introduce in this country? Have they for-
gotten that the enormity they are advocating
may in its consequences become infinitely more
dangerous than the very excesses for the sup-
pression of which it is intended? I hear the
ready and often-repeated reply that it is the
duty of the Government to protect the rights
and the property of' its citizens. Certainly,
sir, that is the duty of the Government; but
must we, in order to fulfill that duty, select
means which, to protect the rights and the
property of some, place the rights and the
property of all at the mercy of the most irre-
sponsible, the most arbitrary, the most despotic
power political philosophy knows of—a military
officer?
We heard another Senator in the course of
this debate demanding the passage of a law
giving the President of the United States power
to march troops into a State and to interfere
with its affairs in a military way without any
request from the Governor or the Legislature
of that State, palpably, directly in the face of
an explicit constitutional provision. Did that
Senator, in thus conferring a military dictator-
ship over the States upon the President of this
Republic, never think of it that in the course
of human affairs the constitutional privileges
of local authorities may again become as im-
portant for the protection of our rights and our
liberties as we suppose at this moment the
power of the central Government to be ? Did;
lie consider how utterly reckless a proceeding
it would be to throw down all those checks and
barriers which prevent the undue and danger-
ous aggrandizement of the central power?
Did be forget how absurd, how suicidal it won Id
be, in order to sustain republican government
in a part of the country, to legalize means cal-
culated to undermine and to subvert republican
government in the whole of it?
I have alluded to these things, sir, merely in
order to point out the dangers into which we
shall run by this wild policy of extreme meas-
ures—a policy which in order to remedy one
evil thoughtlessly disregards things of the most
essential value, even to the most precious results
of the struggles of centuries.
It is indeed time for us to remember that we
are living under a constitutional Government;
that this constitutional Government is worth
having and worth preserving; that the spirit
of this constitutional Government ought to be
held sacred; and that this spirit is living in and
through its forms; that some of its principal
and most valuable safeguards of popular liberty
consist in the very salutary and well-balanced
restraints it provides to curb the self aggrand-
izing tendency of political powers. Remem-
bering this, I beseech the Senate not to set, any
precedent of usurpation, not to make any laws,
not to inaugurate any habits which will inevi-
tably recoil upon those who originate them,
and in the course of time put the rights and
liberties of the citizen in greater and far more
general jeopardy than that against which we
are now called upon to provide.
Mr. TRUMBULL addressed the Senate,
closing at quarter past eleven o'clock p. m.
[His speech will be published in the Appendix. \
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] moves to strike out of
the bill the first proviso, which is known as
the Bingham amendment. The Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] moves to amend the
amendment and insert a provision in its place.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 ask that my amendment
be reported.
Mr. STEWART. Willi the leave of the
Senate I will withdraw my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada withdraws his amendment to the
amendment, and of course the amendment to
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Kansas falls with the withdrawal of the original
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I will move my
amendment as a substitute for the whole bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas moves bis amendment as a sub-
stitute for the whole bill, and desires it to be
reported again.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Kansas will be read by the
Secretary.
The Secretary. The Senator from Kansas
proposes to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill, and in lieu thereof to insert
the following:
That the existing government in the State of
Georgia is hereby declared to be provisional; and
the same shall continue subject to the piovisions of
the acts of Congress of March 1!, 1887, and March 2i,
1867, and of July 19,18o7, until tho admission of aid
State by law to representation in Congress; and tor
this purpose the Statoof Georgia shall constitute the
third military district.
Srcc.2. And be it further enactcd, That in accordanco
with the provisions of and under the powers and
limitations provided in said acts an election shall bo
held in said State on Tuesday, the loth day of Novem-
ber, 1870, for all the members of the General Assem-
bly of said State provided for in the constitution of
said State, adopted by its convention on the lltU day
of March, 1SUS, at which election all persons who by
said constitution are electors shall bo entitled to
vote. And said General Assembly so olected>■ a!I
assemble at tho enpitol ofsaid Slate on t.' 1 i — i i 'Say
of Itecember, 1870, and organize, prep:!r:i*oiy 1.. ,he
admission of the State to representation inCougn 5s.
And the powers and functions ot the menil):is «, ! he
existing Gen eial Assembly shall cease and detcimmo
on the said 13th day of December, 1870.
Mr. POMEROY. I will move the amend-
