1876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
tanka have held ray note on discount; and I
an not so much interested in the question as
it relates to the profits of the banks as I am in
the rates of discount.
I said that the banks would take care of
themselves if you do not destroy the system.
I want to show you how they will do it, and
they will do it whether you make a law that
they shall take only six per cent, interest or
eight per cent., or any other per cent., and
whether you tax them one per cent, or three
per cent, upon their business. Let me illus-
trate. Suppose 1 should go to a bank to-day
in the city of Hartford, one of the capitals of
Connecticut, and ask them to discount my note
at six per cent, which is in accordance with
your law—for your law, if I mistake not, pro-
vides that the banks in the different sections
of the country shall discount at the rates of
interest allowed in the States where they are
located—suppose I go to a bank and offer my
note for discount at six per cent. They would
laugh at me and tell me that theycould go into
Wall street and buy my note at nine per cent.,
and what could I do? Would I set the money
at six per cent, discount? No. \Y ould the bank
violate any law by buying my note ? Certainly
not But if you place heavy burdens upon the
banks by taxation, or by requiring a deposit of
bonds bearing a low rate of interest, the banks
will transfer the burdens to their customers by
increasing the rate at which they discount or
buy paper.
It then becomes a charge upon and a check
to the business of the country ; it is a burden
which business must carry with it as it goes on
day by day and step by step. You cannot
avoid it by any such legislation as has been
proposed. The greatest probability of success
is in reaching specie payments as rapidly as
possible and in opening your banking system
and making it free.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEROY. Would it not be in order
to vote at this time ?
ThePRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harlan
in the chair.) The Senator from Oregon has
the floor.
Mr. CORBETT. The Senator from Ohio
who is not in his seat [Mr. Thurman] made a
statement a short time ago as to the dividends
of the national banks. We all have the report
that was laid before us this morning. I am not
willing to let his statement go without correct-
ing it. I notice, by the report of the Comp-
troller of the Currency, there are sixteen hun-
dred and ninety national banks; that fourteen
hundred and ninety-two have paid a dividend
during the past year, and there are one hundred
and thirty-two which have paid no dividend.
The Comptroller calculates the per cent, upon
those banks that pay dividends, and the Sen-
ator from Ohio states the dividend that was
declared by the dividend-paying banks, bnt he
does not calculate the capital that was invested
in one hundred and thirty-two banks which did
not declare any dividend, which did not earn
anything probably. We find that this is not
all smooth sailing.
By looking at the annual report of the Comp-
troller of the Currency you will see that there
have gone into liquidation during the past year
seventeen banks, scattered all over the coun-
try, who did not find it profitable. The total
number of banks that have gone into liquida-
tion and have failed is, I think, over seventy.
These are not considered in his statement.
There is nothing saidabontall the money that
is lost in the banks that have failed. A bank
is liaole to fail. Some unforeseen circum-
stances, some heavy loss may come upon it.
lie includes, too, the reserve, and calculates,
including the reserve, that the net earnings
would be six and eighty-eight hundredths for a
half year. Bat the actual dividends of the
dividend-paying banks were but five and six-
teen hundredths per cent. What is this reserve
kept for? It is to meet contingencies and
losses. Those contingencies and losses each
bank suffers. One bank has gone ont of exist-
ence and lost its capital; and it is provided by
the law that each snail hold a surplus that it
may be prepared against these heavy losses.
Actually the dividends are about five and six-
teen hundredths per cent., not including the
one hundred and thirty-two banks that did not
pay dividends during the past year. So when
you come to take all things into account you
will find that the percentage stated is very much
reduced.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, of course
every Senator here knows that I have not un-
dertaken to say anything on this subject here-
tofore. But there is one point npon which
I feel justified in making some very brief
remarks. We are told that the effect of this
bill will be to break up the small national
banks throughout the country, or to a large
extent. I beg leave to question the correct-
ness of that statement; and the document
which I hold in my hand seems to me to be a
most complete answer to every statement of
that kind made here on the floor of the Sen-
ate. Either that, or I do not understand the
document. And if by making these remarks
I can get light on the subject, can have it
shown to me that I do not understand it, 1
shall be that much the gainer.
This document has just been prepared, just
printed and laid on our desks to-day. It
contains from the official authorities a state-
ment in regard to all the national banks in the
country, and I have had the curiosity, while
these speeches have been in progress of utter-
ance, to look into this report and see what it
tells us on this subject, and I want the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania aud the Senator from
Connecticut, who have just spoken and pointed
out in such energetic terms how utterly ruin-
ous this bill is to be to the small national banks
in the country, to give heed to the facts that
are contained in this document. I have picked
ont some of the country banks, the very small-
est in different parts of the country, banks with
a capital of only $50,000 apiece; and what do
we find from this report to be the fact with
regard to those banks? The first is the First
National Bank of Atchison, Kansas, with a
capital of $50,000, declaring a dividend on
the 1st April, 1869, of $4,200, and with net
earnings in excfess of dividend of $500. That,
you perceive, is more than eight per cent, divi-
dend for six months' business.
Then the First National Bank of Athens,
Ohio, declares a dividend on $50,000 capital
of $4,000, with net earnings in excess of divi-
dends of $2,716 65 ; eight per cent, dividend,
with nearly six per cent, in excess laid by.
Then the First National Bank of Austin, Min-
nesota, with the same capital, made a dividend
of $2,500, and net earnings in excess of divi-
dend $147 36.
Mr. POMEROY. It may be interesting to
the Senator, perhaps, to know that the banks
he refers to have got no currency. They were
organized as national banks, but they took no
currency at all. They have no currency to be
accountable for.
Mr. DRAKE. Then, of course, they are
not to be affected by this bill in any way; bnt
nevertheless there they are dealing in money,
affording accommodation to the community,
and making large amounts of money oat of it.
Mr. FENTON. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri allow me to make a remark ? The period
of the profits of the country banks, which rely
on circulation for their profits, is during such
a condition as that through which we have
passed. As we approach specie payments—
and we are legislating now, J suppose, to that
end—the country banks must rely for their
profits upon legitimate business and independ-
ent of their circulation, which will largely
reduce their profits. During the past few
years they have not been called on to redeem
their circulation, aud therefore they have made
money. With the city banks the case will be
reversed, because they do not rely on circu-
lation; they make their money from other
sources of business, and hence the bonds
which are now proposed to be used as a basis
for banking will be to the advantage of the city
banks and to the disadvantage of the small
country banks. The whole argument of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] allow me
to say, as well as this report, is based on this
very condition, while the country banks have
not been obliged to redeem their circulation.
Mr. DRAKE. Even supposing the state-
ment made by the Senator from New York to
be true, there is an immense margin here
among these country banks to bear a little
diminution of profit. Going on with the few
that I have marked in this report in all parts
of the country, I wish the figures to appear to
the Senate. Here is the First National Bank
of Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania, with a capital
of $50,000, that on April 1, 1869, declared a
dividend of $3,000, six per cent., and had net
earnings in those six months in excess of the
dividend of $2,722 48. Then, again, on Oc-
tober 30, it declared a dividend of $3,000, and
its net earnings in excess of dividends were
$3,760 22. Again, the National Eagle Bank
of Bristol, Rhode Island, with the same capi-
tal, $50,000, declared adividendof$2,500, with
net earnings over the dividend of $1,451 84.
Again, the National Bank of Carthage, Illi-
nois, with the same capital, declared a divi-
dend of $3,000, with net earnings of $6,138;
six per cent, dividend for six months, with
twelve per cent, laid aside for net earnings for
those six months. Then, again, the First
National Bank of Centreville, Iowa, with the
same capital of $50,000, declared a dividend
on the 1st of April, 1869, of $8,500, and had
net earnings over that of $179 28. Again, sir,
the First National Bank of Dowagiac, Michi-
gan, declared, on the 1st of April, a dividend
of $5,000, ten per cent., and had net earnings
in excess of $1,102 89. Again, the First
National Bank of Orinnell, Iowa, declared a
dividend in the first half of 1869 of $2,500,
with net earnings over that of $140 81.
Now, Mr. President. I maybe utterly wrong
about this matter; but according to any judg-
ment that I can form these profits of these
small national banks do utterly and entirely
demolish the whole position taken that this
bill will destroy those banks. These divi-
dends, these net earnings, are after deducting
all expenses, all taxation—State, county, city,
national, every form—and yet they declare
dividends of the most enormous magnitude,
some of them, after all that, amounting to
about twenty per cent, per annum.
Mr. President, never in the whole history
of legislation in this country, or in any other
where bankB are chartered, have such privileges
been given to banking capital as are given to
the banking capital of this country organized
under our national banking law ; and I say that
we are not called upon here to fashion our legis-
lation in regard to them by the appeals and
demands of Senators for sympathy for them.
They are making more money than any other
institutions in this country; and they can afford
to have some of their profits taken off by being
compelled to use bonds of the Government at
four instead of tht>se at six per cent, as the
basis of their circulation and their opera-
tions.
If I am all wrong in this matter, if I do not
understand it, of course Senators who do under-
stand it will have the opportunity of setting me
right.
Mr. FENTON. The Senator's argument
proceeds on the theory that we are to continue
as we are; that the country banks are at no
time hereafter, as they have not in the past since
their establishment as national institutions, to
redeem their circulation. The true state of
the case when we shall arrive at specie pay-
ments (and that is the end to which we should
direct our arguments in the matter of this
fuuding bill, especially on this section relating
to batiks,) is as follows: I will assume that
