4708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The evenin<*
sessions on the alternate days will depend on
the vote of a majority of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. Any day, if a majority of
the Senate vote to dispense with the evening
session, they can do so.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is the rule now.
Mr. POMEROY. fte have an immense
amount of work on hand, and if we intend to
adjourn on the 15th of July we must devote
more time daily to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for tlie regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Delaware offers a resolution rescinding
the resolution in regard to evening sessions, it
wj!1 be placed on the Calendar of resolutions.
Mr. BA.YARD. I do.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall not interpose to
prevent the Senator from Delaware moving a
reconsideration if he desires to do that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Delaware to .sub-
mit a resolution to rescind the resolution as to
evening sessions.
Mr. BAYARD. , Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. Let that lie over until
to-morrow.
lue VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Senator from Delaware will lie over for
consideration.
Mr. CONKLING. Is the resolution in re-
gard to the hour of meeting at eleven o'clock
adopted ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order was
agreed to by unanimous consent. There were
no votes in the negative. The Senator from
Delaware submits a resolution to dispense with
evening sessions, which resolution will come
up hereafter on the Calendar of resolutions.
The hour of meeting of the Senate is fixed for
eleveuo'clock a. m. on and after Monday next.
MESSAGU FIIOM TIII5 1IOUSH.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 253) authorizing the allow-
ance of the claim of the State of Minnesota to
lands tor the support oi a State university;
and J'
A bill (H. R. No. 2104) providing for re-
funding the interest paid by the State of Mas-
sachusetts on money expended by her on
account of the war of 1812 to 1815.
tax bill.
Tho Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider tho bill (II. R. No.
2045) to reduce internal taxes, and for other
.purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thote are a
number of sections of the House bill which the
Committee on Finance move to strike out.
They are all in print. If there is no objection
that part of the bill will be omitted in the read-
ing. The Committee on Finance propose to
strike out the first ten sections of the bill. !
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose there will he
no necessity for reading the first thirty-eight
pages of the bill, and also the next long series
of codification or the stamp acts, unless some
Senator calls for the reading.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. On page 38 the
amendments commence. Unless some Sen-
ator desires the entire bill to be read, including
the parts proposed to be stricken out, the Sec-
retary will report only the amendments of the
Committee on Finance.
Ihe Chief Clerk. The Committee on
f'inance report to strike out tho first ten sec-
tions of the bill after its enacting clause and
to insert in lieu thereof—
That on and after the first Monday of Mny, 1871,
ifie special taxes imposed by the seventy-ninth sta-
tion or the act entitled "An act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay interest
on the: public debt, and for other purposes," approved
JuneoJ, lti6f, as amended by section nine ot thein-
i rnaj r?Yemi° "ct> approved July 13, 1865, and as
amended by section two ot the internal revenue act
approved March 2,1SG7, be, and the sumo are hereby,
repealed; but this act shall not be held to repeal or
in any way afieot tbespeeiai tax on brewers imposed
by said section, or the special taxes imposed by tho
act approved July 20,186S, entitled "An act impos-
ing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for
other purposes," or tbo acts amendatory thereof.
* it further etiacted, That on and after
the 1st day of October, 18/0, theseveral taxes on sales
imposed by tho internal revenue laws now in force
saving and excepting such taxes on sales as aro by
existing law paid by stamps, and the taxes on sales
ot loot tobacco, manufactuied tobacco, snufi, cKars.
foreign and domestic distilled spirits, and wincss
imposed by said act, approved July 20,1863, and acts
amendatory thereof, be, and the same are hereby
repealed.
fc>icc. 3. Andbe it fiirtlier enacted. That on and after
the 1st day ot October, l6<0, the taxes imposed by
the internal revenue laws now iu force, herein speci-
iied. be, and the same are hereby, rcpoalod, namely,
on articles m schedule A; the special tax on boats!
barges, and Hats; on legacies and successions, on
passports, and on gross receipts.
Ihe VICiii PHIiiSIDIiNT. This is the first
amendment of the Coniniittco oil l^inance.
The Secretary wili report the next amendment!
The Chiei? Clebk. The next amendment of
the Committee on Finance is to strike out from
section eleven to and including section thirty-
iour, and in lieu thereof to insert tho following:
That on and affer
the l&t day of October, 18<0, tho stamp tax imposed
m schedule B on promissory notes for a less sum
than $100, and on receipts for any sum of money,
prior the payment ot any debt, and the stamp tax
imposed m schedule 0 on canned and preserved fish
be, and tho same are hereby, repealed. And no
stamp shall be required upon tho transfer or assign-
ment ot a mortgage, except when made upou a sale
thereof, or when assigned and transferred as coJJat-
eral security. And tho proprietor or proprietors of
ai tick's named in said schedule O, who -shall furnish
his or their own die or design Cor stamps to bo used
yn w?r -own Proprietary articles,
shall bo <■<)owed thclollowmgoommissions,namely-
on amounts purchased at one lime ot not lo?s than
too nor more than tody, five per cent.; and on amounts
ovor SjOJ, ton per cent, on tho whole amount pur-
chase;!: Provided, lua.t lueitcr or l'rietiou matches.
iVn'mCH,:lrr.! tsra V* tat";rs' may bo removed
liorn tho puiceot manufacture ior export to alorei"ii
country without payment of tu.v, or ufS.-cms; stamps
thereto, under such rules and regulations as ihe
(.omuiissioner oi Internal liovcmio may prescribe-
and all provisionsoi existing laws inconsistent here-
with aro hereby repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. f am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report another section,
to come in ns section five.
1 he VICE PRhSIDKN F. The Senate is not
now acting on these amendments; they are
simply reported. The Chair supposed tho Sen-
ator from Ohio desired to address the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; I do not intend
■ to address the Senate except in explanation of
i amendments, arid I think it would save time
! t0 S° back to the beginning and act on the
[ amendments as we go along. I ask the Clerk
j to transpose the amendment for the conven-
I lence of the Senate from page !>8 to page 70
I so that the amendments of the Senate on this
I matter may all come together. That was the
; way X intended them to be printed.
! the \ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator,
! then, desires the question to be first taken on
striking out from the first to the tenth section
ot the House hill, inclusive.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know lh.it it i.s
necessary to make an explanation. I will sim-
ply state to the Senate that tho Finance Com-
mittee propose to repeal nearly all the special
taxes, and the House of Representatives pro-
pose to keep up certain special taxes. That
is all there is about it. _ The House codified
what it left of the special tax in thirtv-eio-ht
pages, and the Committee on Finance propose
to strike out all special taxes except oti spirits
tobaaco, and beer; the rest are all swept away
by the amendment. I will explain farther if
desired.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope everybody is in
favor of striking out those special taxes, and
1 tuinii we can do it without debate.
Mr. COLE. 1 think the bill had better be
read through, as the committee propose to have
it, and wc can act upon the amendments after-
ward.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Finance propose to strike out the first thirty-
four sections of the bill. Is the Senate ready
for that question. The question is on the
amendment of the Finance Committee, strik-
ing out the first thirty-four sections of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance is to insert
the three sections to be found on pages 38 and
89, which have been reported by the Secretary.
Mr. CORBBTT. I ask that they be read.
Mr. CONKLING. They are a substitute
for sections stricken out, and have just been
read.
Mr. CORBBTT. Very well.
• Mr. CASSERLY. There is only one clause
in these sections that 1 think ought perhaps
to be explained; and that is the clause which
relates to legacies and successions. The gen-
eral idea is that if anything in the world should
pay a tax it is legacies and successions, be-
cause they are supposed to be in the nature of
a gift to the party receiving them without any
consideration moving from him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
take the sense of the Senate on the first two
sections proposed, reserving the section alluded
to by the Senator from California.
The amendment, to insert the first and sec-
ond sections proposed by the Committee on
Finance, was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The third section
is now before tho Senate.
Mr. SHFiRMAN. I think the statement I
will make will satisfy the Senator from Cali-
fornia, and every Senator, that the tax on suc-
cessions and legacies necessarily falls with the
repeal of the other special taxes. We repeal
by this section the tax on articles iu schedule
A ; the special tax on boats, barges, and fiats ;
on legacies and successions ; on passports and
on gross receipts ; so that we shall have no
permanent officers in the districts throughout
the United States for the collection of special
internal taxes, except on whisky, tobacco, and
beer; and il the Senate would agree with the
committee on the income tax question, that
will only be collected during fourteen days in
the month of May of each year. Consequently
there will be no officers charged with the duty
of collecting this tax on legacies and sticces-
sions. iimt is one reasou why it mi^ht be
repealed with the other special taxes. °
There is another reasou. It yields very little
over two million dollars all told, and nearly
ail tn<it fails on the children of parents or 012
the wife of a deceased husband. It would be
right enough, it would be wise policy, if the
amount would justify it, to collect it on legacies
and devises to collateral relatives ; but as our
reports show—and I can give tho Senate the,
amounts—nearly all of it is now paid by th?
children of deceased parents or by the widows
or deceased husuands, and only about one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars of it. all told is
now paid by collateral relatives or other per-
sons than direct descendants. Under mostsue-
cession laws the direct descent is never charged
wi, th a legacy or succession tax, because a direct
uLvise from a father to a son is so natural a dis-
position ox property that it would not seem to
he rig at to tax it; and there is not sufficient in
the icsfc of the tax on legacies and successions
ssa
but because it is not necessary to keep un th«
fiiant   i *-'0
self with sufficient clearness'- Z\ ofi*1*8,
tion of the Senator from<)h?0e
factory, and shows that it is not w^h^bik"£
The amendment was agreed to.
