$m2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
inserted instead. William Parry and James Perry
were present. Afterward, a week or two, on Satur-
day, I looked at the tiekets again, intending to
count the number of votes cast for Reid, but there
were several persons there, and during- the count-
ing I was asked questions, and abandoned the effort
at that time. Afterward myself and Edward Vaughn
i^ndertook to count the tickets and ascertain how
many each candidate for Oong-ress had obtained,
and we tied an extra string to the one that they
•were already strung'on, to divide the tickets into
lots of one hundred each, and we undertook to
divide them on that day and make the estimate.
Mr. Vaughn, after we began it, was taken sick, and
we abandoned it before it was entirely completed,
at that time wo tied strips of muslin or calico be-
tween the lots of tickets as we divided them. I
was then inspector, of the south precinct, and, in my
opinion, ontitled to the custody of the tickets; but
as they had been left with Mr. Parry in the first place,
I still left them in his personal charge. The last time
I examined them previous to this time was on the
8th of April, 1869, at said mayor's office. I have no
knowledge of any tickets taken out of the lot or added
to the lot; so far as my knowledge extends, they are
exactly the same they were then. I voted a ticket
at the south poll with my own name written on the
back; it is now, and every time I have examined
them has been, with said lot of tickets; there is also
a ticket with the name of4 William Washburn,'' my
country, now and forever,' written thereon, which
is now, and has been each time that I have examined
said tickets, with them; and the tickets on which the
name of Julian is erased and the name of Reid writ-
ten I identify by the handwriting. There are sev-
eral marks and peculiarities about the tickets which
satisfy me that they are the same. At that time (the
Saturday after the October election of 1868) there were
one hundred and ten Republican tiekets with the
name of John S. Reid printed oil the same instead
of the name of Julian; there were three Republican
tickets with the name of John S. Reid pasted over
that of George W. Julian; there were forty-fourtick-
ets with the name of Julian erased and Reid written
instead; therewcrethirty-oneticketswith the name
of Julian erased and no other name in its stead. The
same state of facts exists in this lot of tickets now
before me."
Mr. Speaker, if I had time I would still
further analyze the testimony and expose the
errors in the report of my colleague, [Mr.
Cessna.]
In his examination of the evidence he has
been led into many and very grave mistakes
by not critically comparing the testimony of
different -witnesses so as to determine when
they testify concerning the same elector. In
many cases, witnesses examined at different
times testify concerning the same voter, or
class of voters, and by failing to observe these
facts my colleague [Mr. Cessna] has in more
than twenty cases counted the same voter twice
in favor of Mr. Julian, although the record
affords conclusive evidence of the error. It is
fair to assume that under all circnmstances,
whenever one person attempts to testify how
another voted, and bases his opinion chiefly
on the fact that he handed the voter a certain
kind of ticket, the testimony ought to be most
closely and severely tested, for it is of a low
order and of very doubtful value at best, and
is liable, for obvious reasons, to be erroneous,
mistaken, and utterly worthless.
The thousand open and secret motives that
control the conduct of voters, the many ways
in which they mislead and deceive each other,
and election officers and partisan canvassers,
and sometimes even themselves, are better
understood by gentlemen who have had per-
sonal experience in the conduct of political
campaigns than they can be stated by any one.
My own judgment is that such testimony ought
not to be received at all, except where it is the
only evidence that can be produced, and where
it is so well fortified as to remove all reasonable
doubt of its correctness. This can very seldom
be done. There is a great amount of suoh tes-
timony in this record which is vague, uncer-
tain, worse than hearsay, and worthy of no
credence. But I think I have sufficiently de-
monstrated the clear nature of Mr. Reid's title
to this seat, and have done my duty in the
premises as a member of this House. I there-
fore submit the case without further and per-
haps fruitless labor. It now only needs judi-
cial not partisan judgment to be pronounced,
and for that each of us must answer to his own
conscience.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I have con-
sented to this manner of disposing of this case'
only at, the suggestion of the contestant, and
in doing so I feel that I am doing injustice in
allowing one of the greatest outrages ever per-
petrated on the people of any congressional
district. But the contestant has grown weary,
and siek at heart and sick in body by reason
of the constant delays which have met him.
There is a singular fact presented in this case
on .the part of the majority report. I venture
there are not twenty men in- the House who
would agree to it as a whole, but such who favor
the majority report do so upon various items
of said report. The first point as laid down,
in reference to the election officers of the south
poll in Richmond city, was only the other day
determined against Mr. Julian in this House,
on the recommendation of the majority of the
committee, by a vote of 120 to 20; and in order
to escape that decision the gentleman who then
argued the case, and whose influence carried it
through, charges fraud on that south poll.
There has not, as has been said, a scintilla of
fraud been proved in so far as Mr. Reid or his
friends are concerned, or any one else. Let
me tell the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Mc-
Crary] that every judge of that election was
a Republican, and if there was fraud it must
have been committed by Republican judges,
because Mr. Reid had not a single judge. But
there was really no fraud. It was testified by
every officer that everything was regular at that
election poll.
Moreover, a subsequent analyzation of the
tickets and counts made by the friends of the
contestant and of the contestee showed that
the poll was almost exactly, within a vote or
two, what it had been returned by the officers.
Now, I have always been led to believe that
this House held that the tickets were the high-
est order of proof that could be secured,
and all court decisions confirm it. But forthe
urgent appeal made to me I should never have
consented, without a full ventilation of this
most disgraceful case, to an adjudication upon
it with limited time. This is, in my judgment,
a fit climax to the infamies of this House in
connection with the decisions of the election
cases. But having sown the wind, you will yet
reap the whirlwind. These ugly chickens will
come home to roost.
A Member. Would not the Democrats do
the same ?
Mr. RANDALL. No,sir; I do not believe
if the next House of Representatives were
Democratic that you would get any of that
party to march to the front and perpetrate
these infamous wrongs which have been per-
petrated this session on Representatives of
the people, and on the people they sought
to represent. More than twenty such infa-
mies have been committed in this House in
connection with election cases. Men have
been thrust in who had nol the votes of a
majority of the people, and men have been
thrust out who had the majority of votes, sim-
plyupon a political issue simply because they
were Democrats they had to go out, and simply
because they were Republicans they came in.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. I ask leave to print in the
Globe the conclusion of the remarks I intended
to address to the House.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object. The gentle-
man has spoken out of order, charging the
House with infamies.
Mr. RANDALL. So I have, and I stick to
it, and there have been none worse than you.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to the print-
ing of such stuff.
message FROM the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Goriiam,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate
insisted upon its amendments,^disagreed to by
the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 2413) making
appropriations to enable the President to pay
certain annuities to and preserve the peace
with the various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1871, and for other purposes:
agreed to the conference asked by the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
and had appointed Mr. Harlan, Mr. Davis,
and Mr. Pomeroyas conferees on the part of
the Senate.
Mr. CESSNA. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
who desires to bring up a motion to recon-
sider.
national asylum bob disabled soldiers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Having
entered a motion to reconsider the vote agree-
ing to the resolution of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] requiring certain in-
formation from the Secretary of War in refer-
ence to a trial in the National Asylum for Dis-
abled Soldiers, I now move 'to refer the reso-
lution to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the House all the proceedings
and papers in his office with reference to the trial
and sentence of a soldier named Proan, an inmate
of the National Asylum for Disabled Soldiers, by a
court-martial, and also what action has been taken
thereon.
Mr. COX. I agree in the propriety of
referring this resolution to the committee au-
thorized to examine into the affairs of the
disabled soldiers' asylum. In offering the
resolution I meant no reproach to the pecun-
iary arrangements of the asylum; the question
is whether eleemosynary institutions can try
and punish beneficiaries by court-martial. Let
this court-marshal business be investigated.
Mr. BUTLER., of Massachusetts. What
the gentleman designates as a court-martial
was designed to protect the inmates against
the arbitrary oppressions to which they might
be subjected by officers. I hope the resolution
will be referred.
The question was put; and the resolution
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
contested election reid vs. julian,
The House resumed the consideration of the
contested-election case of Reid vs. Julian.
Mr. CESSNA. I yield half a minute to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no time to argue '
this question. Without discussing the ques-
tion raised by the committee as to the qualiti-
cation of officers of election, I think it fair to
say to this House that the opinion of the ma-
jority seems to be sustained by the testimony,
so far as to correct these false returns, and to
show that the sitting member was elected by
a majority of at least 02, if not 100.
Mr. CESSNA. I yield half a minute to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In half a min-
ute I can only say that I have given somecare-
ful attention to the papers in this case ; and
while I have never on this floor intended to
vote for any man because he belonged to my
party, I have come to the deliberate conclu-
sion, after what study I could give the ques-
tion,'that Mr. Julian is entitled to the seat,
and I shall so vote. And it gives me great
pleasure, in addition, to record my vote for so
able and faithful a servant of the people.
Mr. CESSNA. How much time have I left?
The SPEAKER. Two and a quarter min-
utes.
Mr. CESSNA. The point sought to be
made by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr,] that the officers and return judges com-
mitted a fraud, is not involved in this case. I f
the prima facie right to the seat had been re-
ferred to the committee it would have been our
duty to have entered into an examination of
that questioD. As regards the charge of my
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] as
to frauds, outrage, and wrong committed by
this House, I beg to say if there is any gentle-
man on the other side of the House who ever
