564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
witli so much difficulty. Bat I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the condition that it is
in by reasonof its system of reconstruction. I
know that you have gone so far into the stream
that it would seem "eyen more dangerous to
return than to go over. But, sir, in my judg-
ment, there is-no solution of this problem of re-
construction except in returning. Come back.
As the Senator from Massachusetts might say,
I entreat, I appeal, I beg the Senate to come
back into the ancient ways ; come back to the
Constitution ; it is the ark of our safety as a
people and as a nation. Come back to the
principles that underlie our whole system of
government and underlie all free governments,
and without an adherence to which no free
government can subsist or can live. Come
back to them, get into the ancient ways, con-
form your legislation to your Constitution; your
fundamental law; conform your legislation to
the principles of free government; ay, con-
form it to the traditions of our Government,
and then we shall have reconciliation and peace
and prosperity. And, sir, you never, never
will have restoration and reconciliation and
peace and strength, never an enduring Union,
until you do that.
Mr. WILSON. Mi'. President, I understand
this bill has not been committed to any com-
mittee of the Senate. I now move that il be
referred t othe Committee on the Judiciary, for
the purpose of having the whole question thor-
oughly examined. Let the parties on both sides
have a fair hearing and let us have the facts
reported, and perhaps a bill can in a few days
be brought in here under such circumstances
that we can all act together. I think we had
better refer it to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary and let them examine the subject and
make a report to us.
Mr. CONKLING. Examine what subject,
if the Senator pleases?
Mr. WILSON. Petitions are brought here
by gentlemen who state that they desire a hear-
ing and have had none. They say that they
have certain facts which they desire to present,
and Senators have stated some of those facts
here. Statements have been made on this
floor that I think ought to be examined by the
committee. Let Governor Walker and his
friends on the one hand'go before the com-
mittee, and let those on the other side go. Let
the committee give both sides a fair hearing
and report the facts, and perhaps with their
skill and ingenuity they can in a few days give
us a bill in which we can all unite and which
can bo passed to the satisfaction of everybody.
I think, therefore, we had better refer this bill
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the Sen-
ator tp mention one fact which has appeared
here? He alludes to facts, and there are
such, doubtless; but will he be kind enough
to remind me of one fact which has been
brought in here in ignorance of which the
committee acted?
Mr. WILSON. I do not know that any facts
have been brought in here that the committee
did not really and fully understand. The com-
mittee, no doubt, had a thorough knowledge
of the whole matter. All I say is, that we
have had a memorial presented here, signed
by certain gentlemen of Virginia, stating cer-
tain things and asserting their ability to show
certain facts. I do not know now what those
facts are. Facts have been stated by Senators
on the floor. I think it would be well to have
this committee examine all these facls and
make a report to us on the subject. I hope
the committee will be able to frame a bill on
which wo can all unite. We all know that
Virginia is to come in; the only question is
upon what terms and conditions she ought to
come in. I make this motion in no factious
spirit, but with a view of having this question
settled to the satisfaction of all concerned, if
possible, and for the safety of the country.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts that if he will withdraw
that motion for an hour or two we may pass
the bill this afternoon.
Mr. SUMNER. It is impossible.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to take up the
other bill if the Senator from Nevada desires
to do so.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts that we refer this bill to a
special committee. We once had a committee
that was organized with special reference to
this question, of which, I think, the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Howard] was chairman,
but that committee has not been revived in this
Congress. While I regard the Committee on
the Judiciary as the ablest and probably the
best we have in the body, still it is not a com-
mittee organized for this character of business.
The other House has a Committee on Recon-
struction, and there is no reason why we should
not have one in the Senate. Mississippi and
Texas and other States are soon to be here;
and I think there should be a committee organ-
ized in this body with special reference to this
question—a temporary one of course, to last
only during this session. I thought the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts would move for a
select committee to be appointed by the Pre-
siding Officer of the body, to consider not only
this bill but the other bills of this character
that are soon to be presented to the Senate. I
hope the Senator will accept the suggestion
I make, or I shall move to amend his motion.
Mr. STEWART. It is, to say the least,
rather refreshing, after the Committee on the
Judiciary has had the consideration of these
matters for the last two years, to propose to
have a special committee and to give it special
jurisdiction on account of the defective organ-
ization of our committee. We certainly want
a vote of the Senate on that suggestion before
we consent to it.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it was no reflec-
tion on the Judiciary Committee that we did
have such a special committee session after
session. We had the Judiciary Committee or-
ganized as it now is at that time, and a com-
mittee that no member would reflect upon in
any way; but this class of business was com-
mitted to a special committee, and I do not sup-
pose anybody felt reflected upon by that.
Mr. STEWART. I am happy to be informed
that the Senator from Kansas did not regard
it as any reflection.
Mr. POMEROY. Not by any means. There
are several States yet to come into the Union,
and I think it is very appropriate that a com-
mittee organized with reference to that par-
ticular question should have charge of this bill.
Mr. WILSON. I do not think it worth while
to modify the motion. This committee, it is
true, have made a report that we do not all of
us concur in ; but I take it that the members
of the committee, like the rest of us, are dis-
posed to do what is fair and right. I think they
ought not to resist the reference, but let the
bill go to them that we may have a report from
them on the subject. I do not wish to say or
do anything that shall appear to any of the
members of the committee to be a reflection in
any degree on their past conduct in this mat-
ter. I know how staunch they are in all the
measures they bring in, how pertinaciously
they press them, but I hope in this case this
bill will be allowed to go to the committee.
Mr. STEWART. I believe every member
of the Judiciary Committee is satisfied that he
has discharged his duty so far as investigating
this case is concerned; that he has made as
full and fair an investigation as he thinks can
throw any light upon it. I believe that is the
opinion of every member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I can see
no earthly object in referring this matter to
the Judiciary or any other committee. The
subject has been under consideration for a long
time. The Senator from Massachusetts must
be aware that in the House of Representatives
an investigation took place; the representa-
tives of the different political parlies in Vir-
ginia appeared before the House committee ;
they have published the results of their investi-
gation to some extent under the direction of.a
sub-committee, publishing all they thought of
any importance; and it is laid on our tables
in a public document. We have the report
of General Canby; we have communications
from, the Executive and from the various De-
partments of all the facts connected with this
organization of the State of Virginia in docu-
ments covering some two hnndsed printed pages
or more. The Committee on the Judiciary
have had this matter before them, and now it
is proposed to recommit it to inquire into the
facts. What facts? Is a great measure like
this to be recommitted at the suggestion of
every individual who comes up and says the
election in Virginia was not fair? Are we to
go into the examination of the election which
took place in Virginia ? When would this epd V
It would never end.
I suggest that it is not the business of the
Judiciary Committee or of any other com-
mittee to listen to the arguments that may be
offered and the speeches that may be made by
the two hundred and odd thousand voters in
Virginia in reference to their respective dis-
tricts. If they have any facts to submit why
do they not submit them? Let them be sub-
mitted in writing in a tangible form. Is it
expected that committees of this body are to
go down into Virginia or are to sit here in this
Capitol to listen to the arguments and speeches
that may be made?
What are the facts? The Senator from New
York [Mr. Conkling] has called upon the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] who
makes this motion for one single fact stated
by anybody that needs to be investigated, and
the Senator is unable to give one. N ow, air,
if this matter is to be recommitted I trust it
will go to a select committee and not to the
Committee on the Judiciary. But I beg to
remind the Senator from Kansas that not one
bill in regard to the admission of a recon-
structed State ever came from any other com-
mittee than the Judiciary Committee of this
body, and the only.bill in regard to recon-
struction that ever came from any other com-
mittee was when we had the joint committee
of the two Houses, and who reported the first
act that was passed, or, perhaps, it was the
fourteenth amendment. The Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] had charge of the
fourteenth amendment from the joint commit-
tee of fifteen. But all the bills in regard to the
admission of reconstructed States have come
from the Co-mmittee on the Judiciary, and so
have all the reconstruction measures except
the first act, which I think was reported by
the committee of thirteen. I am not quite sure
about that, but I think it was reported by that
committee.
Mr. SUMNER. No ; a special committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was a special
committee on which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, the Senator from Michigan, and
myself were placed.
Mr.POMEROY. TheSenatormustbeaware
the late Senator from Maine (Mr. Fessenden^
was chairman of that committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; buton account
of ill health or some other reason that par-
ticular measure was placed in charge of the
Senator from Michigan: I refer now to the
fourteenth amendment. The thirteenth amend-
ment came from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Ed-
munds] reminds me—i had forgotten—how that
particular committee was made up; but we all
recollect the fact that there was a sub-committee
that was made up on which certain members
were placed.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Shermax] was chairman.
Mr. CONKLING. That was a caucus com-
mittee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps it was a caucus
