1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3765
of the temperate zone. We face the tropics.
We face the Arctic seas. From where the
Gulf Stream flashes upon the Capes of Florida
to the remotest head-lands of fog bound Alaska
the American keel strikes upon American sand.
We are by nature, by necessity, by destiny, to
be the great maritime Power of earth. Nothing
can prevent it. We need the ships, great iron
steamships; we refuse to buy them. Wo madly
adhere to the antiquated policy that none but
American-built ships shall have our registry
anil sail under our (lag. We are dashing away
the scepter of the seas, in our blind adherence
to a policy abandoned even by the monarchs
of Europe. Ten thousand inviting bays and
inlets and harbors and islands cry out against
this policy. The trade and travel, the home-
ward and outward bound freights of forty mil-
lion people, cry out against it. Common sense
cries out against it. When will it be changed?
Mr. PETERS. I yield ten minutes of my
time to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I do not approve of the principles of this bill,
and would not vote for it, were it not for the
oppressive taxes imposed upon my people in
the tariff on iron, steel, lumber, cordage, and
ship material, which have nearly destroyed
both iron and wooden ship-building on the
Atlantic coast. As I am in favor of as free
trade as our revenues will admit, I accept these
two sections as a repeal of the tariff, so far as
my constituents are concerned. I know that the
true, the only, the statesman-like remedy for the
destruction of our shipping is in the repeal of
the oppressive taxes upon shipping, and, so
far as shipping is concerned, that is here in
this repeal, both in the first and Second sec-
tion ; therefore I vote for them. I trust the
{>recedent here to be established will tend to a
ike repeal upon the cost of railroad trans-
portation and agricultural and manufacturing
implements and tools, for what is good for ns
on the sea-coast would be good for all in the
interior. The two sections repeal the tariff
on shipping. I hope hereafter to vote for a
like repeal of taxes on agriculture and manu-
factures.
I give the remainder of my time to my col-
league, [Mr. Calkin.]
Mr. CALKIN. I yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. I do not wish to detain theHouse
at any length On this subject at tbis time. I
shall move to strike out the provieo to th£ first
section of the bill for reasons stated at length
by myself and others in the tariff and other
debates. It is not necessary now to repeat
these reasons. After providing for granting
rebate or drawback on materials entering into
ship-building, for which I will vote in the in-
terest of free trade, the first section contains
a proviso that where American material is used
in the construction of iron, steel, or composite
vessels or steamers, there shall be allowed and
paid an amount equivalent to the duties imposed
on similar articles of foreign manufacture when
imported. I can never, Mr. Speaker, consist-
ently with my principles, vote for that proviso.
If that be struck out I shall vote for the first
section of the bill, reserving my right to vote on
the other sections as the general interests of the
country as well as of commerce, shall seem to
require.
Mr. CALKIN. I yield next to my col-
league, [Mr. ScmmiAKJEK.]
Mr. SUHUMAKER. Mr. Speaker, I wish
particularly to call the attention of the House
in reference to the pending 'measure to the
important interest of ship repairs. In the dis-
trict which I have the honor to represent there
were before the passage of what is called the
copper tariff bill seventeen ship-yards, mostly
employed in repairing vessels, in sheathing,and
otherwise making repairs of vessels from all
parts of this and other countries. This bill
does not provide for drawback of duties paid
upon articles entering into the repair of ships.
Vessels from all parts of the world used to
visit_ our ship-yards for the purpose of being
repaired, because of the recognized skill of our
mechanics and their promptitude, and because
they could get repairs done here a great deal
cheaper than in other countries. After the
passage of the copper tariff bill, of seventeen
ship-yards we had only three left, the others
having been compelled to Close.
It is estimated by the firm of Poillon, ship-
builders, who built the celebrated yacht Sappho,
that the copper alone required for a ship of
one thousand tons will cost $1,500 more in
this country than in Europe or anywhere else.
And such is likewise the case in reference to
refurnishing a vessel with sails. Ships require ;
new sails every two years. There is no draw- |
back on sails, or on iron or other materials en- ;
tering into the repair of vessels. Thousands
and thousands of ship-builders are interested
in this. They were thrown out of employment
by our severe tariff laws, and in a bill like this
I insist that they shall not be overlooked ; that
they shall be provided for if other ship-build- i
ing interests are taken care of.
I was much surprised, in the able speech of
my colleague, [Mr. Calkin,] who represents
this interest more than any other member upon
this floor, a mechanic himself, to find that he
omitted any reference to this great interest of .
ship repairs. A3 I have said, I shall insist !
upon drawback of duties being allowed on cop- .
per and other materials used in the repair of j
Mr. COX. I hope we shall have ten minutes ]1
more time on this side. We have not had much j
time on this question. |j
Mr. PETERS. My time is limited. !
Mr. CALKIN. I am much obliged to my
colleague [Mr. Schumakeu] for reminding me
of my omission in not speaking of the neces-
sity of protecting the ship-repairing interest.
He has so well explained the matter that it is
unnecessary for me to say a word upon that
subject, and I would not desire to occupy any
portion of the time of the House at present
were it not that I wish to explain the bounty
Eart of this bill, the clause which requires a
ounty to be paid to the builder when using
American material. In the short time allowed
me last week I neglected to say anything upon
that subject, and I now wish particularly to
call the attention of the House to that part of
our report-
Mr. Speaker, if we are sued in a court of
law we employ as able a counsel as we can
find to advocate our cause. If we are sick we
look for the best physician that our town af-
fords. If we want to buy a barrel of pork we
do not go to a dry-goods store; we go to a
man who sells pork and buy it from him. If
a farmer requires his horses to be shod he does
not take them to a shoemaker's shop, but he
foes with them to a blacksmith's shop. Now
desire to say something as to the necessity
of using American material, in connection with
the evidence given in this report. I shall cite
from the evidence the opinions of men who
are practiced mechanics, men who know all
about the working of iron. There is the evi-
dence of many such men here; but I shall only
refer to the evidence of two of them, and first
to that of Mr. Stimers. I will tell you who
Mr. Stimers is after citing his evidence.
"Mr. Morrell, of Pennsylvania, remarked that
there was not inuchtax now on manufactured iron,
except the mercantile tax.
"Mr. Stimers replied that that was one of the
taxes which he wished to see taken off. Ships could
be built here now cheaper than was generally sup-
posed. He had noticed that it had bee® stated yes-
terday before the committee that iron steamers
could not, for the present, be built here as well as
they were abroad. He did not agree to that. Dur-
ing the late war iron steamers had been built for the
Government under his general superintendence, and
Mr. Rowland, now present, had built as good iron
ships as ever had been built. ....
" Mr. Morrell, ofPennsylvania,inquired Whether
it vrould not be desirableto use American materials
in the construction of ships when they could bo got
as cheap as foreign materials.
" Mr. Stimers replied that American iron was much
better than English iron. Shippers and shipping
merchants always paid a higher prico for American
iron than for English iron.
"Mr. Morrell, ofPennsylvania, inquired whether
it would not be better to allow a drawback on iron
equivalent to the duty, so as to allow the ship-
builder to use American iron.
" Mr. Stimers replied that it would, and that ship-
builders would always prefer American iron on
account of its superiority. If it were made free it
would come to that. At first English iron might be
imported, but builders would soon come round to
American iron. Ho had been Government inspector
of tho iron-clads, which had been constructed under
his supervision in various parts of the country. Tho
machinery for Government iron-clads and for iron
mercantile vessels was just the same. Tho armature
of tho iron-clads would beheavier, but the construc-
tion of tho hulls would be tho same. Vessels with
iron hulls had been built for tho Government at
Portland, Boston, New York. Jersey City, Green-
point, Chestor, Wilmington, Baltimore, Pittsburg,
Cincinnati, and St. Louis. He had boen abroad, and
had seen nothing there to surpass tho American iron
work. Tho iron hero was better than is made in
Europe, and, therefore, the ships were better. These
iron-clads had beon to sea, and had pounded on sand-
banks, and not a hole had been made in one of thoui.
Americans had not to learn how to build iron ships.
They knew to-day how to do it. Give thom a chance
and they would build fleets of them. As to tho low
insurance on English iron ships, tho insurance would
be equally low on iron ships built here. The latest
works on naval architecture were obtained and
studied in thiscountry, so that American ship-build-
ers knew all that English ship-builders were doing,
and would not produce work inferior to tho English
work." * * * * * $ * * *
"The Chairman. Do the builders of wooden ships
adapt themselves readily to the building of iron
ships?
"Mr. Stimers. Yes, sir. The change isverysira-
ple. My opinion is that when iron ships come to bo
made here it will be found that tho builders are those
who have been building wooden ships. It requires
only a different arrangement of materials, which is
very easily learned. In fact, the art of ship-building
is simple if you understand naval architecture, and
that the wooden ship-builders understand. I have
seen men acting as common laborers, carrying iron
about, and have seen them in six months afterward
driving rivets, which is tho most particular thing.
If you have tho head man right the labor part is
easily learned, as is proved by the building of all
these iron ships all over the country. Of course tho
knowledge how to direct all to be dono requires a
labor of years; but after the plans and specifications
are completed the other parts of the work aro easy."
ft*#*****##
"Mr. Hichborn, of Maine, remarked that it seemed
to have been the sentiment of those who had ap-
peared before the committee yesterday that oven
with a remission of duties iron ships could not bo
eonstrueted here at once to compete with those built
on the Clyde or the Tyne, but that it would require
two or three years for the American iron ship-build -
ors to get ready.
" Mr. Stimers replied that Americans could pro-
ceed at once in the construction of iron ships. There
were several establishments ready now to go right
ahead and build iron ships, and large numbers of
such ships could bo supplied in the first year. He
thought that they could De produced here quicker
than they could be procured abroad."
• ***••***'•
"Mr. Wells. What material used in the con-
struction of a ship is not produced in this country ?
" Mr. Stimers. A believe we import Manila hemp
but that is a very Small matter, particularly in steam-
ships. Most of the ships built hereafter will be, I
think, iron steamers. That is the tendency."
ft#********
" Mr. Holman. Any man skilled in iron-work can
readily be trained in that kind of work?
" Mr. Stimers. Certainly, sir. The head man, of
course, wants to understand naval architecture. We
have men enough in the country to build hundreds
of iron ships very soon."
The following is from the evidence of Mr.
T. F. Rowland, proprietor of the Continental
ship-yard at Greenpoint, Brooklyn:
"Mr. Calkin. You spoke of building ships of a
lighter class of irpn, using a better quality, of course
not giving so great a weight. Please to state that
again.
"Mr. Rowland. An inch square bar of English-iron
is supposed to hang up twenty thousand pounds
without breaking. I suppose that would be the test
of a bar of English iron. A bar of American iron of
the same size would be oonsidercd rather poor if it
did not hold up forty thousand pounds.
"Mr. Morrell, of Pennsylvania. The average is
sixty thousand pounds?
"Mr. Rowland. Yes, sir. The Abbott company
iron will carry forty thousand pounds sure. Under
Lloyd's rules we are bound to put quite as much of
that forty thousand pounds iron into a ship as an
Englishman puts in of tho twenty thousand pounds
iron. The one costs about two and a half cents a
pound in gold, and we pay from four and a half to
live cents a pound in currency, so that really our
iron does not cost a great deil more than theirs, if
you take it by tho real value. But if you take it by
the thickness, they can beat us to death. But where
we do beat them is in our labor. They pay a great
