1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4709
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
question is on adopting section four, as printed
on page "70.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to answer a great
many inquiries and save a good deal of trouble,
I ask Senators if they wish to follow this bill
to send for two little documents which are on
file, one showing the amount of reduction of
the internal taxes, and the other the external—•
Miscellaneous Documents numbered 189 and
J 51. They will answer probably all the ques-
tions Senators desire to put.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on inserting section four, as printed on
page 70.
llio Chief Clerk read the proposed section,
as follows:
Sue. 4. And be it further enar-ted, That on and after
the 1st tlay ot October, 1870, the stamp tax imposed
in schedule B, on promissory notes for a less sum
than S10U, and on receipts for any sum of money, or
lor the payment of any debt, and tho stamp tax im-
posed in schedule C, on canned and preserved fish,
he, and thesameare hereby, repealed. Andnostamp
snail be reguired upon the transfer or assignment of
a mortgage, except when made upon a sale thereof,
or when assigned and transferred as collateral secur-
ity. And the proprietor or proprietors of articles
named in said schedule 0 who shall furnish his or
then' own die or design for stamps to bo used es-
pecially for his or their own proprietary articles,
shall be allowed tho following commissions,namely,
on amounts purchased at onetime of not less than
filty dollars nor more than SoOO, five percent.; and on
amounts over $500. ten percent, on the whole amount
purchased: Provided, Thatluciferorfrictionmatches
and cigar lights and wax tapers may be removed
iiom the place of manufacture for export to a for-
eign country without payment of tax, or affixing
stamps thereto, under such rules and regulations as
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue ma}' pre-
scribe ; and all provisions of existing laws inconsist-
ent herewith arc hereby repealed.
Mr. CONKLING. Hay I inquire of the
Senator from Ohio by how much this provision
works a diminution of the revenue from stamps.
Mr. SHERMAN. As near as we can get
at it—there is no authentic statement, because
the same kinds of stamps are put on different
articles—it will amount to about one million
dollars.
Mr. CONKLING. No objection to that
occurs to me, unless it is to be used as a make-
weight in favor of reestablishing the income
tax wholly or in part.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to tho honor-
able Senator from New York that the Senate
committee in this respect have adopted the very
provision adopted already in the House bill,
repealing the tax on. promissory notes under
$100, and on receipts of all kinds. We fol-
lowed them.
Mr. CONKLING. So they have; but as
part of their action they have proposed to
! evive and reinstate the now dead income tax,
i -ising somewhat the exemption and changing
l ie percentage. I am opposed to the revival
ol the income tax and Dm unwilling to vote for
any provision which shall be an element of
argument in favor of reviving a tax which is
now dead, and which on every account I think
is the most pernicious of all the taxes that it
is proposed to continue or reestablish. If now
dispensing with stamps upon promissory notes
below a certain amount is to tend, as I fear it
will, to the argument in favor of setting on toot
again the income tax. I avow my opposition to
it; for distasteful as the use of stamps may be,
inconvenient as it still is, and still more incon-
venient a.s it was before the people became
accustomed to it, I am satisfied that to that
exaction, to that inconvenience, to that trou-
ble, far rather than to the evils of the income
tax, with an exemption of one or two thousand
dollars, and laid at a percentage of three per
cent, or five per cent., the people everywhere
will gladlv submit. Therefore, while I should
be glad if we mighty relieve small promissory
notes and receipts irom tne stapip, I think 1
speak tho voico of n. £fvcat majority of my con-
stituents when I say that even that, or almost
any other substitute for the income tax, will be
gladly accepted.
Mr CORBETT. I agree witn the Senator
from New York that in addition to tho taxes
that arc imposed upon whisky and tobacco
the cheapest manner in which we can collect
a tax is by a stamp duty; and I do not think
that it is good policy to repeal those stamp
taxes that exist. I think we shall be relieved
of a very large amount that it costs us to collect
the taxes if we retain the stamp duty and relieve
the people from the income tax; which is, as
the Senator from New York states, a most per-
nicious and a most objectionable tax to the peo-
ple, in my opinion. I think that we had better
reject this amendment, or retain those taxes
until we shall finally determine upon the income
tax. I think it would be better to pass over
this section until we determine the question as
to tho income tax, or else to reject the amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. I like the last suggestion
of the Senator from Oregon. I do not feel
disposed to act on thi3 section until I know
what we do with the several sections that
follow. If nobody else anticipates me, I pro-
pose to move to strike out the several sections
numbered five to thirteen, inclusive, which con-
tinue the income tax. Having that in view, I
would have the rest of the bill subordinate to
that leading proposition. Sir, the income tax
must go. it must not be continued. It has
already lived too long for the good of the coun-
try, and I think Congress should at once set
itself in the way of reform. This whole bill
should be modeled therefore on that prevailing
idea, that the income tax is to go. Now, if the
section before the Senate is in any respect de-
pendent upon the income tax, or if it harmon-
izes with that, if it is supposed in any way to
require the income tax or to anticipate the in-
come tax, I hope it will not be adopted. But
as we may not now understand precisely its
bearing in every rcspect, I think it better to
pass it over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will give the Senator
ample opportunity to move to strike out the
income tax. This question does not affect at
all the striking out of the income tax. This
section is confined to two or three remedial
provisions recommended by the Bureau of
Internal Revenue, to simplify and make clear
certain provisions of the stamp tax, and is all
the legislation that is required in regard to
stamps. We dispense with only three classes
of stamps. One is the stamp on canned and
preserved fish. That is done for the benefit
of Oregon. Another is the stamp on promis-
sory notes of less than $100, little notes that
aro'given by farmers and other persons in the
country, the stamping of which works a great
inconvenience. Almost the entire inconven-
ience of the stamp system among the country
people has grown out of the necessity of put-
ting on a stamp for a little note for a plow or
anything of that kind. It has yielded consid-
erable revenue, but not one note out oi five
of this character has been stamped, and cer-
tainly there can bo no object in keeping up
this inconvenient provision.
The stamp on receipts is subject to tho same
objection. Receipts are given hurriedly, with-
out the person havinganystampsin his pocket,
and without any preparation. \\' e repeal the
stamp on receipts for money. I presume tuey
yield about a million dollars, it no other tax
were to be repealed, I imagine, for the con-
venience of the people, to remove objection to
the stamp system and the stamp law, every-
body will vote for the repeal of this tax. vv e
leave the rest of the stamp duties precisely as
they are. . ...
Now, if we repeal the income tax, which as
ptill retained will yield us about twenty million
dollars, we shall have to retain, subject to tax,
tea. coffee, and sugar; we shall have to keep
on the tax on the gross receipts of various cor-
porations ; and as a matter of course the Com-
mittee on Finance   , .
Mr. CONKLING. What tax on tea and
sugar does the Senator refer to ? _
Mr. SHERMAN. In the tariff sections. As
a matter of course, if the Senate strike ou  the
income tax, those taxes must be retained; but
I hope that after full discussion nobody will
vote for striking out the income tax. It seems
to me to be one of the plainest propositions in
the world. Put before the people of the United
States the question whether the property of this
country cannot stand a tax of $20,000,000,
when the consumption of the people stands a
tax of $300,000,000, and I think they will
quickly answer it. The property-holders of
the country come here and demand the repeal
of the only tax that bears on their property,
when we have to tax everything for the food
of the poor, the clothing of the poor, and all
classes of our people, $300,000,000. When
the Senate is called upon to choosebetween
these classes of taxes lam sure they will decide
very readily.
The Committee on Finance propose to give
them an opportunity to do so after this amend-
ment is adopted, because this section ought to
be adopted whatever is done with the income
tax. I intend, then, to propose to the Senate
that any Senator who desires to strike out the
income tax sections shall have an opportunity
to do so, so that we may not waste time about
it. If the Senate deliberately make up their
mind to strike out the income tax sections, that
will affect the action of the Senate on all the
sections that follow.
Mr. COLE. And on one before.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; but we can go back
to it.
Mr. CONKLING. And it would on this sec-
tion. Why not let this lie over ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I prefer to have this sec-
tion acted on now. I think by general consent
this section ought to be passed anyway, and
then I am willing that we shall come immedi-
ately to the income tax. I am then willing,
with the consent of tho Senate, that a motion
to strike out the income tax sections may be
put, and that will determine the question of
what shall be done with the rest of this bill.
Mr. BORE MAN. I wish to ask a question
of the chairman of the committee. _ It appears
to me that the language of the section is rather
indefinite. What schedule is referred to here ?
Does it refer to the old law ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The schedule of the inter-
nal revenue law. If the Senator will look at
the preceding sections he will find that it refers
to the internal revenue laws. These are sched-
ules A, B, and C.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Tkum-
BUijL ill the chair.) The question is on agree-
ing to the amendment to insert the fourth
section, as reported by - the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the committee and also
of the Senate to the clause commencing in lin$
ten and running down to line seventeen ; and
I will road it for the information of the Senate,
and it should receive their attention:
And the proprietor or proprietors of articles named
in said schedule C, who shall furnish his or their own
die or design lor stamps to be used especially for his
or their own proprietary articles siia.ll be sillowcd
thefollowing commissions, namely: on amounts pur-
chiibffi one time of not less tho.ii fifty uoll&rs noi
more than S500, five per cent.; and on amounts over
fcOO, ton per cent, on the whole amount purchased.
By this clause largo proprietors would have
an advantage of five per cent, on their trade
and avocations. That five per cent, will cer-
tainly dry up and put out ot existence ail the
smaller traders who use these stamps, which
indicate the profit in their business. Umess 1
am mistaken in it, which the chairman will
indicate, I think 
Mr. SHERMAN. My honorable mend is
mistaken. This provision was put in for the
very purpose oi relieving small propnetary
stamps from the very objection he now makes.
Under the present law, the percentage allowed
is live per cent, on all stamps to anybody who
will buy a certain amount. Nobody has ever
complained of that. But, under the present
law, a man desiring proprietary stamps, that
