4710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June .22,
is stamps that are furnished bytheproprietors,
as the manufacturers of friction matches or
patent medicines, if he will take $500 worth
and upward is entitled to a discount of ten
per cent.. Under the construction put upon
the law by the Internal Revenue Bureau, they
allowed no discount unless the order was fof"
$500, and then only allowed a discount for the
amount of excess over §500. The effect was
that a small proprietor, who did not want, more
than §500 of stamps, and who came with his
die and asked for $500 of these stamps, would
not get the benefit of any discount, while the
large proprietor who might order $30,000
worth, as in some cases they did, would get a
discount, and this discount of ten per cent,
amounts to a practical ruin of small proprie-
tors. We have remedied that matter, so that
whenever a proprietor requires $500 worth at
one time, and that is the lowest amount that
ought to be ordered at one time, because it is
agood deal of troubletothe department to issue
them, then he is entitled to a discount of ten
per cent, on the whole amount. They were
ail satisfied with it, and the department itself
is satisfied that this change ought to be made
for the benefit of small proprietors.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the chairman allow me
to ask how long this ruling of the department
has continued not to allow any discount on
stamps for a less amount than $500?
Mr. SHERMAN.^ That is one ofthe disputed
questions ; but I will inform the Senator that
the ruling made by Mr. Boutwell when Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue was the same.
Ike ruling made by the gentleman who is now
at the head oi the telegraph company, Mr.
Orion, was the same. Bat Mr. Itollins two
or three jears ago changed the ruling, and
made the same ruling as this bill provides. But
the presentCommissioner of Internal Revenue
when he came into office, after an examination
of the law, was satisfied that the original ruling
was correct, and felt compelled to go back to
the old ruling, at the same time saying that he
would prefer that the law stood differently.
1 herefore, by common consent, this cliangehas
been made.
Mr. SAWYER. Undoubtedly the practice
of the department was to allow one per cent,
on sums of fifty dollars, two per cent, on sums
ot $100, three per cent, on sums of $200, four
per cent, on sums of $500, and five per cent,
on sums of $1,000. The regulations were so
issued to all parts of the country, and that
undoubtedly was the practice.
Mr. SHERMAN. It wasnotso in regard to
proprietary articles.
Mr. SAWYER.^ AH stamps, proprietary or
others, were sold in the same way.
Mr. SHERMAN. The proprietary stamps
were never sold except at ten per cent, dis-
count.
Mr. SAWYER. I beg the Senator's pardon:
I speak whereof I know. I know of orders to
the extent of thousands of dollars that wore
made precisely on the terms which I have men-
tioned, both of proprietary and the ordinary
stamps, both in the same way. The tobacco
slumps have been sold certainly at a different
discount; but proprietary stamps, those put on
medicines and stamps put on notes, &cM were
sold on precisely the same regulations until
certainly the present Commissioner came in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the Senator
makes the inquiry to find fault with the ruling
of the present Commissioner. °
Mi. SAWYEu. Not at all. I was not
aware of the fact that he had so ruled. I had
no purpose to find fault with the ruling of the
1 jresent Commissioner. I only say that the
other regulations were made according to law.
I know that that was the practice certainly for
four years.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is the present pro-
vision, and I submit that lawyers might very
honestly difier about it. I do not pretend to
say that the construction is correct. The pres-
ent provision is to be found in section one
hundred and fifty-six of the internal revenue
law:
any proprietor or proprietors of
X S'.1?"'1"1® subject to stamp duty
!!f fsl •, P,°f this act, shall have tho privilege
n Sift,hi1 <S" Wlt'19ut expense to tho United States,
nf 1 ?> m' approved by the Commissioner
filr ,n . ?vonuo; h,lsor then-own dies or designs
rfiiwfinn S S P thereon, to bo made under the
retained m tho possession of the
Commissioner ot Internal ltevooue for his or their
Otiier 1!°' W'iuicll not b<> duplicated to any
Swrl inio .i'n/i ■atln„"' lenses whoro such stamp is
used, irutcadof In^or thcirivntuig thednte thereon,
S f-11" be s? on tho box, bottle
1 UaS i? 0Pe.n,in« the same, or.using tho
contents thereof, tho said stamp shall be teoetually
destroyed; nnd in default thereof, shall bo liablo to
tho same penalty imposed for noslcot to affix said
stamp as heroin before proscribed in this act."
Then there is a provision made for fraud
ulently using these stamps. It allows a com-
mission of ten per cent, upon the amount of
the order at any one time exceeding $100. I
am not sure but that, strictly speaking, the
decision of the Commissioner is right. At the
same time it is right, as a matter of justice to
give to all these persons who order $500 worth
of stamps the full benefit of the commission on
the whole amount of the order; and therefore
this provision is made.
Mr. PRA J T. I desire to call the attention
of the chairman of the committee to this pro-
vision of the section, commencing in line seven :
And no stamp shall bo required upon tho transfer
or assignment ot a mortgage, except when made
upon a salo theroof, or when assigned and transferred
as collateral security
I desire to inquire why the transfer of a debt
which happens to be secured by a bond should
be chargeable with a stamp when an ordinary
debt is not? J
Mr. SHERMAN. This is only intended to
cover eases where mortgages are transferred
in pursuance of a trust where no interest is
charged. The very case intended to be met
is this: where executors and administrators
dividing estates transfer mortgages, property,
to the heirs, the distribution of property where
no interest passes. There no stamp is required
by this section.
_ Mr. PRATT. I will inquire whether, accord-
ing to this bill, on the transfer of an ordinary
debt, which is evidenced by a promissory note,
a stamp is required?
Mr. SHERMAN. Will tho Senator repeat
his question again?
Mr. PRATT. I desire to inquire whether,
in the case of a debt evidenced by a promis-
sory note, on the assignment of that note a
stamp is required by the provisions of this
bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly not. A negoti-
able instrument is transferred without a stamp.
^l1'* PRAT T. If that debt chances to be
secured by mortgage, according to tho present
bill, the mortgage upon the assignment must
be stamped.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the law now,
U hen a mortgage is transferred for a valuable
consideration the mortgage must bo stamped
on the transfer.
Mr. PRATT. Very well. But the mortgage
simply secures tho debt. The debt is the prin-
cipal thing. The mortgage is merely auxiliary,
merely matter of security.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. Where a negotiable note
is given with a mortgage it may be transferred,
and it carries the mortgage with it without any
special transfer,
Mr. PRATT. I know that the transfer of
it would require a stamp.
Mr. SHERMAN. No.
Mr. PRATT. Very well. Why should an-
other debt, which happens to bo secured by
mortgage, be taxed upon the transfer of tho
debt?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the law now, and
we simply do not propose to change it. All
we desire to do by this clause is to prevent the
necessity of stamping mortgages where they
are transferred in pursuance of a trust, and
without any new consideration. This provision
has been carefully studied, and I think the
Seuator ought to be satisfied with it, unless he
proposes to extend the repeal of the stamp act
beyond what is really needed.
Mr, BAYARD. I will remark to my hon-
orable friend from Indiana, that this provision
is simply to exempt from taxation the transfer
of a mortgage where the transfer is of the
naked legal estate, without any transfer of the
equitable right. The right which is in equity
is not to be taxed when you merely make a
transfer of the legal estate to carry it. Here-
tofore, it has been the law that where trustees
in the distribution of an estate, administrators
or others in a fiduciary capacity, transfer a
fund which is secured, say, by a mortgage, a
stamp tax was required upon that, although
the transfer was a simply formal one to the
person who really owned theproperty in equity
at the time the transfer was made, but who bad
not the legal estate. This proposition of the _
committee is simply to exempt such cases as ■
that from the stamp tax, and therefore it ex- :
empts to that degree a great nutnber of transfers I
of mortgages heretofore liable to be taxed. :
If the honorable Senator asks why a debt >
secured by mortgage should be subject to a i
certain special stamp tax he at once asks for \
the reason which caused the original law to be j
passed at all, which was this: mortgages are I
something more than mere security, because i
they are the transfer of the real estate, which i
which may become absolute by a foreclosure \
of the equity of redemption, and they were i
therefore considered a justifiable subject of j
taxation. The present amendment exempts r.
transfers of mortgages from taxation. >
Mr. P11 ATT. I move to strike out a portion !
of section four, commencing in line seven, in -
these words:
And no stamp shall bo required upon tho transfer 'i
a rt",,rt®ase).except when made upon -|
coi1^eiSri0tJWhea aSSigned W as ,!
Noiv, sir, the mortgage is but the incident to
the debt; it is simply a matter of security, to
which the creditor may resort for the payment
of Jus debt if it becomes necessary. That is
the whole of it. I insist that you might with
the same propriety tax the assignment of every
debt, whether it be evidenced by a promissory
note or exists without any writing at ail, as to
tax this peculiar class of debts which chance
to be secured by a mortgage. I see no nrn-
fhTcfauso!' and thorefore 1 move t0 st«ke out
Mr. THURMAN. It always seemed to me
astonishing that the law should tax the transfer
of a mortgage at the same time that it allowed
the debt_secured by the mortgage to be trans-
ferred without any stamp at all. Take a mo-t-
gago given to secure a promissory note a bill
of exchange, or what not, for the payment of
money, a negotiable instrument. All neeot.i
able instruments are transferable by indorse-
,?♦!'J iUt a-ny slainP at all; and it is well
settled, as has just been said bv the Smatn.
lrom Indiana, that, the transfer o"f the debt of
the instrument which is secured by moi t^a °
lb a transfer in equity of the mortgage it^f!
so much so that without any assignfncnf ,i
mortgage the holder of the debt fiv w
may bring his bill to foreelo^teS6?*
a court ot equity, and will have a decree f<>
foreclosure He can have, even underX „?,i
system, in those States where tho 1™? •.
as it does in England, a strict foricloCo^ *
though he is not clothed with the WalYw J ' j
in every State he could have the land tn d *
a decree of foreclosure, because of his ■ tupan
in the equitable title which result* r lnter.est
the debt' secured bythe?T°WTg
words, on the prineinle tbii t, i , other
debt, holds aU the securities giveiTfor   ^
and yet we have that absurdity '
As is suggested to me bv a friend ™
u sv-s
assignment P>0 ianto of the mong^.1" If
i
