2822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
and nobody have an opportunity to know anything
about it except from the reading by the Secretary,
without one word of explanation of the amendment
or one word paid against it. But with tho undei-
standing that upon all amendments that may be
brought in on Monday, and which shall not have
been printed and laid on our desks, there may be
debate of five minutes on tho part of any member
who wie-hes to speuk. I propose that we begin voting
011 Monday at four o'clock, and continue to vote until
we dispose of this bill,"
The reading of this discloses the fact that
the proposition was made with express refer-
ence to the fact that it should apply to manu-
script amendments read by the Secretary at the
desk, and the explanation made by the Sen-
ator from Ohio confirms this decision of the
Chair. The Chair, therefore, rnles, as he un-
derstands this agreement made by the Senate,
that debate upon this amendment, it all being
in print and having been before the Senate for
along while, is not in order.
Mr. NYE. Now, I want to ask one ques-
tion. ] have five hundred bills here in print
on my file. I supposed what wag meant, hy
that agreement, was that an amendment which
was introduced here and printed, that we all
understood, should be voted on without discus-
sion. Now, we have acted on what is known
as the Pomeroy amendment, the most ridicu-
lous amendment, in my judgment, that has been
made. We have acted upon that amendment.
Now, the Senator from Kansas has got some-
thing in print, and it was not germane at all to
this question ; and I understand the Chair to
rule that because it is in print we are estopped
from discussing it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what you agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I did not agree to any such thing.
There was not any such agreement made.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is an unpleas-
ant duty for the Presiding Officer to rule upon
agreements made by Senators themselves, and
■which they reserve the right to conform to ;
but then the Chair has no right to control
1 debate in this body and does not undertake to
exercise it. If the Senator from Nevada in-
sists upon his right to speak the Chair will not
stop him.
Mr. NYE. I do not desire to speak con-
trary to the rule we have agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated his opinion and is confirmed in that by
reading the debate ; and the Senator who made
the suggestion concurs in it.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend from
Nevada allow me to say a word?
Mr. NYE. 'Clearly; I am through.
Mr. THURMAN. My whole object in mak-
ing that suggestion was that we should not be
called upon to vote in regard to propositions
that had not been laid upon the table in print.
We Ubow what the bill is; and the motion to
strike that out is no new matter, because we
know what is proposed to be stricken out. We
have seen that for days and weeks here. The
ruling of the Chair is certainly in exact accord-
ance with my idea; whether it was the idea of
the Senator or not, I do not know.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to inquire at
what hour the vote was to have commenced
under that understand'ng.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first agree-
ment was Monday at four o'clock; it was then
extended to Monday at six o'clock; then to
Tuesday at six o'clock, and again, by unani-
mous consent, to-day extended until the con-
clusion of the remarks of the Senator from
Illinois, the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary. All this has been done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not understand
that the time was extended to-day by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HOWARD. I now wish to ascertain
what the question is before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to strike
out all of the bill alter the enacting clause
except the part incorporated on the motion
of the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that part will be
read, that we m-iy know what we are voting
upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The part incor-
porated on the motion of the Senator from
Kansas?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend from
Michigan if we had not better have the bill
read as it will stand when amended?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir. I want to know
what we are to vote upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection the vote will be taken on striking
out the preamble also, although by parliament-
ary law that vote would be reserved for a sub-
sequent occasion. If there be 110 objection the
vote will be taken 011 striking out all of the
bill—the preamble and the text of the bill—
excepting the part which has been incorpor-
ated to-night on the motion of the Senator
from Kansas. The Secretary will now report
the bill as it will stand if amended according
to the pending proposition of the Senator
from Kansas.
The Chief Clerk. The bill, if amended as
now proposed, will read :
Be it enacted, &c„ That the existing government
in the State of Georgia is hereby declared to be pro-
visional : and the same shall continue subject to the
provisions of the acts of Congress of March 2, 1867,
and March 23,1867, and of July ID, 1867, until the
admission of said State, by law, to representation in
Congress; and for this purpose the State of Georgia
shall constitute the third military district.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in accordance
with the provisions of, and under the powers and
limitations provided in, said acts, an election shall
be held in said State on Tuesday, tho 15th day of
November, 1870, for all tho members of the General
Assembly of said State provided for in the constitu-
tion of said State, adopted by its convention on the
11th day of March, 1868, at which election all persons
who by said constitution are electors shall be enti-
tled to vote. And said General Assembly, so elected,
shall assemble at the capital of said State, on Tues-
day, the 13th day of December, 1870, and organize,
preparatory to tho admission of the State to repre-
sentation in Congress; and thepowersand functions
of the members of the existing General Assembly
shall cease and determino on the said 13th day of
December, 1870.
Mr. STEWART. I will propose an amend-
ment to give gentlemen a chance to make
remarks if they desire to do so. I think we
ought to consider before we put this State under
military rule. I offer this amendment:
Provided, That this act shall tako effect on tho
1st day of February, 1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is amotion
to strike out.
Mr. STEWART. I propose to amend it
before we strike out; to amend his amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where do you want it to
come in?
Mr. STEWART. Anywhere that the Chair
has a mind to put it in.
Mr. SUMNER. Pat it at the end of the
part to be stricken out.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, I will offer it to be
added to the end of the part to be stricken out.
Mr. SUMNER. You have a right to im-
prove it before it is stricken out.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly I have.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend from
Nevada if he does not intend to stand by the
agreement that was made ? If he does not, let
us open the debate wide, and go on with it.
We might as well stay here all night aa not,
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada moves to amend the proposition of the
Senator from Kansas, which is to strike out all
of the bill except that part incorporated on his
own motion. The Chair thinks it is in order,
under parliamentary law, to add to that part.
The amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment; which
was to add the following proviso :
Provided, That this act shall take effect on the 1st
day of February, 1S71.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I do not
think that the Senators who are apparently the
majority in putting this State under military
rule have any particular reason to complain if
a word be said on that question. It has not
been discussed by anybody. The floor 1ms
been held all day by those who were discussing
another question. Those who were advocat-
ing the Bingham amendment have had the floor
all day, and nothing has been said 011 the ques-
tion of putting this State under military rule
when we are attempting to complete recon-
struction. Reconstruction has been under con-
sideration for five years ; the country wants it
'terminated if it can be done with safety. I
believe it can be. If you place this State under
military rule until next, year, next year you
will have another matter of reconstruction.
The country wants peace. We want an end
of reconstruction.
It seems to me that the question of putting
the State under military control again is a new
proposition, or.e that has never been discussed
at all. No Senator has discussed it. I think
it is time we had an end of reconstruction and
of military rule, if possible; and it does seem
to irie that we should admit Georgia with her
loyal State government, which is capable of
conducting that State and maintaining law and
order if you will give it a chance. It has never
had a chance. It seems to me we should not
now turn over the State to military-rule.
Senators may not be aware of the effect of
this proposition. If you turn this State over
to military rule you declare that the Union
men there have been wrong all the time in the
estimation of the country. You condemn the
Union men who have been struggling there by
condemning their organization. You will not
trust them after all their struggles. They must
be turned over to perish.
I say some consideration should be given to
the people who have struggled for loyal rule
in Georgia. This Government should give
thenr a fair chance to see what they can do.
The rebels have taken possession of their State
government, expelled a portion of their Le-
gislature, and assumed arbitrary rule there.
They have had control for the last two years
in the Legislature and out of the Legislature,
and the Union men have struggled against it.
You turn them over now to military rule, con-
demn their action, and give them an election
next fall. You give a condemned party an
election next fall. What show will a con-
demned parly have next fall? You will not
trust them. The ban of this Government's
condemnation is upon them. They are doomed
to destruction and defeat. You prolongrecon-
struction. You prolong this turmoil in the
country. You do not put an end to it whea
you can do so. Let us have all the States in.
Let us have every seat here full.
M,r. HAMLIN. "Let us have peace."
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. Yes, "let us have peace."
Let this be ended.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then stop debate.
Mr. STEWART. Stand by the loyal men
who have been struggling for existence in
Georgia. I say this is a new proposition
which has not been sufficiently ventilated and
understood. The people do not want any fur-
ther military rule than may be necessary.
Here you have got the machinery of a civil gov-
ernment. Let it go into operation. Do not
cut it off. We have had military rule long
enough. When there is a chance to have civil
rule give the friends of reconstruction there
who have struggled for civil rule a chance. I
say this measure is unjust and unfair, and will
not be sustained by the country. This subject
has been discussed on a different proposition
from this. The debate has all been directed
to a different subject for the last month. Here
at the last hour this is sprung upon us.
xlie VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind the Senator from Nevada that the five
minutes have expired.
Mr. DAVIS. ^ Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Nevada is opposed to military
rule. I have only to remark that lie is a very
late convert.
