1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2823
Mr. POMBROY. I only wish to say that I
hold in my hand a bill introduced by the Sen-
ator from Nevada, and I had the copy of it
from him, in which he proposed to put the
State of Georgia under military rule. It was
introduced by the Senator from Nevada on the
5th of January, 1869.
Mr. S fEWART. A year and a half ago.
Mr. POMBROY. In that bill he excepted
Georgia from all the rest of the States, and
proposed to put it under military rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on theamendmentof the Senator from Nevada.
Does the Senator insist on his amendment or
withdraw it? The Chair understands the Sen-
ator to insist on the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. No.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada withdraws the amendment to the
amendment, and the question recurs on the
amendment of the Senator from Kansas to
strike out all of the bill except that part which
has been incorporated on his own motion.
Mr. STEWART. I will not withdraw it at
present. The Senator from Michigan wishes
to make some remarks upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to make a single
observation. I will promise to the Senate that
I shall consume but very little time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply wish to know
whether this debate is in order, because I am
getting a little impatient with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator from Nevada not to with-
draw the amendment to the amendment, aud
therefore it is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it open to further dis-
cussion than by one?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Only by the person who
offered it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is. The lim-
itation is not on the member who offers the
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let us have a night
of it. /-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The debate must
be confined, if the Senator from Ohio insists
upon it, to the amendment proposed.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise to say simply a word.
I will not vote for a law that shall again put
Georgia under military authority. We have
been trying that experiment for years past.
The situation of Georgia at this time is this :
We have by solemn enactment declared her to
be entitled to representation in Congress. She
is not yet actually represented in Congress for
certain reasons: but, sir, she has formed for
herself a constitution ; she has a Legislature
elected under that constitution ; and now, for
one. I am willing to try that constitution and
suffer her people to undertake at any rate to
work under it, and see what there is of it. The
idea of remanding her to a military condition
after all our legislation upon the subject, and
after we have declared that she is entitled to
representation in Congress, is to me a mere
puerility, and worse than that. It will occasion
very great surprise on the part of all persons
who contemplate the spectacle which we shall
thus present.
Let us let her proceed under her constitu-
tion that she has made, and if that constitution,
according to the judgment of her constituted
authorities, is such as to authorize her Legis-
lature to prolong their term, let them try that.
I am willing they should try it. To them, and
to them alone, belongs properly the business
of judging what is the proper interpretation to
be given to that instrument. That is the ground
which I took in the first place, and that is the
ground to which I shall adhere. This is all I
have to say.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, in reply to
what the Senator from Nevada^ has said as to
the impropriety of putting this State under
military rule 
Mr. CORBETT. I rise to a question of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania will suspend his remarks. The
Senator from Oregon rises to a question of
order. He will state his point of order.
Mr. CORBETT. The idea was either that
we should have five minutes' debate upon a
new amendment for the whole Senate, or else
it was simply five minutes for the person who
offered the amendment. It was not five min-
utes to each Senator in the body, but five min-
utes' debate upon the amendment offered.
Mr. HOWELL. I rise to a question of order,
that that question has already been decided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
decide the question of order upon the text of
the debate :
" That if any amendments arc offered which have
not been printed, or -which ^hall not have been
printed and laid on oar tables by Monday morning,
any member may speak for five minutes upon such
an amendment."
And it was again repeated, as follows:
" But with the understanding that upon all amend-
ments that may be brought in oil Monday, and which
shall not have boon printed and laid on our tables,
there may be a debate offivo minutes on the part of
any member who wishes to spoak."
The Chair must rule upon the language as it
was taken down. It is distinctly repeated twice
that it shall be five minutes to any Senator who
wishes to speak upon such new amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. Five minutes to the Sen-
ator who offered it, as I understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not so re-
corded in the Globe.
Mr. THURMAN. There is nothing before
the Senate. The Senator from Nevada has
withdrawn his amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If the Senator
from Nevada has withdrawn his amendment it
is not before the Senate ; but the Chair under-
stood him to insist upon it.
Mr. NYE. I renew the amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. I believe I have the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania was taken from the floor by the
question of order, and the Chair decides that
if the amendment is still before the Senate he
is entitled to speak upon it.
Mr. SCOTT. It had not been withdrawn at
that time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It had not been
withdrawn formally by the Senator from Ne-
vada, and is therefore before the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. I promise that I shall not oc-
cupy the five minutes which the understanding
allows. As an answer to what the Senator
from Nevada, and after him the Senator from
Michigan has said in regard to remanding the
State of Georgia to military rule, I wish simply
to read about two lines from a report made by
Mr. Stewart, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, on the 25th of January, 1869, wherein,
speaking of this constitutional government in
operation in the State of Georgia, he makes this
remark:
" Since the withdrawal of the military, crime has
greatly increased, while punishment for crime has
diminished."
Now, sir, if under the operation of the con-
stitutional government of Georgia, and after the
withdrawal of the military, crime had greatly
increased and punishment had greatly dimin-
ished, it follows that by putting the government
hack under military rule crime will greatly
diminish and punishment will greatly increase.
I cannot see the philosophy in this state of
things in asking us to bring about an election
next fall for members of Congress to come here
and take part in national legislation, which
would be done by admitting the State and
postponing the State election, when Senators
tell us that if we permit that State election to
be heldit willresult inarebeltriumph. There-
fore, sir, military rule is the best for Georgia
while such a state of things exists as is por-
trayed by the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask him a question before he takes his
seat?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. When this provisional govern-
ment, or military government, or whatever it
is, comes up for consideration after the No-
vember election, shall we not have all this to
go over again, every particle of it ?
Mr. SCOTT. Well, sir, if the same state of
facts is shown to exist, I think it probable, if
we go over it again, we shall arrive at the same
result.
Mr. NYE. I desire to say only.one word
on this question. I have not taken any time
of the Senate in discussion. I am only anx-
ious for one thing, and that is that this ques-
tion of reconstruction shall be settled, and I
want to hear no more here about reconstruc-
tion. I would a great deal rather it should be
settled wrong than not settled now. I speak
for myself, .of course.
Mr. President, one thing is just as plain as
any possible thing can be. We simply by this
movement, the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Kansas, bring up here next
December, when we meet, another month's
discussion.
Mr. CHANDLER. Four.
Mr. NYE. Four months' discussion. We
shall have to go over all this prolonged debate
again. Now, sir, I repeat for myself that I
had rather this question should be settled
wrong than not settled now. The one exper-
iment we can conceive of measures to correct;
the other, it seems to me, cannot be corrected.
Mr. President, I cannot tako iny seat with-
out congratulating myself and the Republican
part of this Senate that we have got our Dem-
ocratic friends to vote for a military govern-
ment, and my Democratic friend from Ohio
[Mr. Tiiubman] will be estopped next Decem-
ber, I take it, when he looks at his own vote,
from talking about apprehensions of military
government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This debate has shown
that voting does not estop a man.
Mr. NYE. My friend from Vermont is so
uneasy that he is troublesome. [Laughter.]
This is the first victory he has won in a long
time, and he has not got this yet [laughter;]
but he feels very good in anticipation so that
he cannot keep still a minute. [La,ughter.] I
forgive him, and I congratulate him that he
ana my friend from Illinois have converted the
Democracy and made them believe in a mili-
tary government. It is triumphal, an unfading
crown of glory that will set upon the brow of
the Senator from Kansas all through his life
from this moment. One single wave of his
wand has silenced my eloquent friend from
California, [Mr. Casseiily,] and my eloquent
friend from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton,] and
the Democratic Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thujb-
man,] and above all, my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis.] [Laughter,] There is no longer
any apprehension from a military government.
I greet my friends, and I hope hereafter that
they will consider their mouths closed upon
that question. .
Oh, the horrors of the bayonet that we heard
of in the past 1 My friend from Ohio could
not let our honorable friend from Mississippi
in because it would be a triumph of the bayo-
net. And then think of the Yergercase [laugh-
ter] that he used to talk about! Now he is aa
meek as a sucking dove, as sweet as the cooing
of the dove or a sucking lamb. The bayonet
is blunted, the sword is dulled, and behold the
triumph of Democracy [laughter] voting here
in solid phalanx to put Georgia uuder military
rule.
Gentlemen—Mr. President—no, I was ad-
dressing the Senate, and inadvertently called the
body "gentlemen." [Renewed and continued
laughter.] I beg pardon, Mr. President.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to know from
the Senator from Nevada whether by that re-
mark he intended to insinuate that the body are
not a body of gentlemen.
Mr. NYE. I did not intend to insinuate
anything, [laughter,] and therefore I have no
apologies to make. I see, Mr President, that
