1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4711
another is assigned to my friend from Delaware,
[Mr. BayAUD,] it is an assignmentof the mort-
gage pio ianto to him, and so 011 throughout
the whole. Therefore, there never was the
least propriety in saying that upon a transfer
of a mortgage given to secure the payment of
a negotiable instrument, •which is assignable
and transferable without any stamp, there
should be a tax on the transfer of the mort-
gage, much less such an enormous tax as that
which is required by the existing laws; a stamp
equal to that originallyput upon the mortgage.
I hope, therefore, that this anomaly will be done
away with entirely.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to save time, I
suggest, and I ask the Senator from Indiana
if it will meet his views 
Mr. PRATT. I was about to modify my
motion, if the Senator will allow me, so as to
strike out in lines nine and ten the words
"except when made upon the sale thereof,
or when assigned or transferred as collateral
security so that the clause will read, " and
no stamps shall be required upon the transfer
or assignment of a mortgage."
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I wish to insert the
words "where it has been duly stamped at its
execution."
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir; that is right.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to it
in that form.
Mr. CONKLING. It is obvious that this
section is connected with the consideration of
the income tax, and there is an additional set
of objections, some of which have been made
now. Unless the Senator from Ohio sees some
objection to it, I ask him to allow this section
to be passed over. It will be just as strong
when it is resumed presently, and let us see
whether it is necessary to consider anything
more than the details of it. It may or may
not be. We shall save time in that way, I sub-
mit, rather than by voting 011 some of these
propositions now, and then leaving still the
question whether we can afford, so to speak,
to adopt the section at all covering stamps.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The Sen-
ator from Ohio, as I understand, accepted the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana, and
that is now a part of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not
been adopted by the Senate.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It was
accepted by the chairman of the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not authorized by
the committee to accept any amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Then it is
before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing
that it shall be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 agreeing to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Indiana, as modified by
the Senator from Ohio, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment is to strike out in line nine the
words " except when made upon a sale thereof,
or when assigned and transferred as collateral
security." and to insert " where it. has been
duly stamped and executed so that the clause
will read :
And no stamp shall bo required upon the transfer
ombsignment of a mortgage where it has been duly
stamped and executed.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; let it read, "when
duly stamped 011 its execution.''
Mr. THURMAN. " When executed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 suggest to the Senator from
Indiana and the Senator from Ohio that those
words will not reach the injury complained ot.
In many States it is the practice, instead ot
stamping the mortgage, to stamp the mstru-
went 1I1 at is secured by the mortgage; and
therefore, in order to reach the wrong that is
complained of, the language ought to reach the
where either the mortgage or the instrn-
im itt o"ctirciJ by the mortgage has been stamped
at its rxecutiou.
Mr. PRATT. I accept that suggestion of
the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to simplify the
matter I will say "where it, or the instru-
ment it secures, has been once duly stamped."
That will cover it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clause
will be reported as it is now modified.
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed
the clause will read :
And no stamp shall be required upon the transfer
or assignment of a mortgage where it or the instru-
ment it sccures has been once duly stamped.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
Indiana, as modified, to the amendment of the
Committee on Finance.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs 011 adopting the fourth section.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I insist
that this section should not be voted upon now,
unless the Senator from Ohio wishes us at this
time to enter upon the consideration of the
income tax question.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been usual in a
matter of this kind to allow the Senator in
charge of a bill to take his own course, and
the rules of the Senate require all the amend-
ments of the committee to be gone through
with before a Senator can make a motion at
all; but I said distinctly that as soon as we
get through these formal sections, this and
another section which I want to get off my
hands, and which certainly nobody will object
to, in relation to stamps, then I should be will-
ing to waive the rule and allow the Senator to
make a motion to strike out all the sections
which follow in relation to the income tax.
Then, when the bill comes into the Senate, if
he wishes to restore this stamp tax, ho can
do so.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator knows very
well I do not wish to interfere with him. On
the contrary, I understood him privately a
moment ago not to object to my suggestion
that this should stand over. Yet I intend to
maintain my right under the rules of the Sen-
ate to make and insist upon the ground which
I now state. Let me see whether I am right
in supposing that the rules of the Senate allow
me to do that.
It is a very prevailing impression among
well-informed persons that all internal taxes
might be dismissed saving three: the stamp
tax, the liquor tax, and the tax on tobacco.
That is a theory, I say, very widely embraced
in the country by those who hold, as I hold,
that we are in the presence of no exigency
whatever that will justify or tolerate the revival
of the odious tax misnamed the income tax.
Now, here is a section which confessedly
takes away from the stamp revenues of the
Government $1,000,000. Under the proposed
income tax, as we received it from the House
of Representatives, as I understand it, it is
proposed to collect about twelve million dollars.
Mr SHERMAN. Eighteen million dollars.
Mr". CONKLING. As it came from the
House? They say $12,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the personal
income, not the whole tax.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator thinks that
I should say eighteen, and not twelve millions.
In the debates it has been stated at$12,000,000,
in the papers at $13,000,000, and I did^ not
know that anybody insisted it was more it the
exemption was made $2,000; but I acquiesce
in the Senator's statement. Certainly I do not
wish to fall into any error about it, and he is
better informed than I am. That is an imma-
terial point, however.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to state
that the income tax under this bill is given at
$14,000,001) in Miscellaneous Document No.
1'>Mr. SHERMAN. That is according to the
Senate bill. 1 do notwish to interrupt the oeu-
ator from New York; but I will state to him
that the Senate bill threw off income tax to the
amount of $14,000,000. That is shown by the
paper I hold in my hand. The House bill, which
is now the basis of action, and which stands
before the Senate, throws off $20,840,000. The
entire product of the income tax, as the Sen-
ator will see by the same paper, is $38,512,000.
According to the estimates of the Treasury De-
partment there will still be left $17,700,000.
Those are the precise figures.
Mr. CONKLING. Personal income tax?
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole income tax.
Mr. CONKLING. That is including the
tax on salaries and corporations?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr.CONKLING. It seems that, after all, the
Senator from Ohio and myself agree, because
when I use the term "income tax" 1 do not
mean to include the tax on earnings of cor-
porations and the tax on official salaries. Very
likely it would be a more appropriate use of
the term if it did embrace those items. I
intended, however, to refer to that, tax which
is strictly a personal income tax ; so that the
figures as given are substantially as I intended
to indicate them before.
Mr. MORTON. What is the aggregate ?
Mr.CONKLING. The aggregate altogether
is, as I understand the Senator from Ohio,
about seventeen million dollars. The tax which
I now refer to not being personal, is about
six million dollars, if I am not mistaken ; .so
that it would leave the personal income tax in
the neighborhood of twelve million dollars,
and indeed something less ttian that.
However that may be, allow me, for the sake
of stating my proposition, to assume as a
hypothesis that the personal income tax, if set
again upon its feet, will yield under the pro-
posed provisions $12,000,000. Now, if we are
to take from the stamp tax $1,000,000, which
is confessed in this case my—impression is it is
a good deal more, and I think the Senator
will agree with me when I embrace the whole
section ; but I take the statement that it is
$1,000,000—if we are to take that off, and if
we are to travel along in the bill and take off
here and there large items, when we come to
those sections relating to the income tax we
shall find ourselves in this predicament: either
compelled to go back and undo what we have
done and reconsider and reject those sections,
or else the opponents of the income tax will
be met by the argument of necessity, "The
income tax, right or wrong, in the face of
what we have done, is essential, because you
cannot get your revenue without it."
Now, Mr. President, I want to meet fairly,
as the Senator from Ohio does, the issue to
which he invited us a few moments ago. I am
ready to go before my constituents upon the
question whether upon tea, coffee, sugar, and
other articles of prime necessity, it you please,
they are to pay the indirect and imperceptible
duty nowlaid, or whether, in preference to that,
they will revive a tax which breeds more jeal-
ousy, more discontent, more invidious and
odious discrimination, and more demoraliza-
tion, I undertake to say, than any other tax
enforced by law. I am ready to address that
question, not only to themen who payanincome
tax, but I would go with more confidence to a
jury composed of men who pay no income tax
at all; for there is nothing in this regard upon
which I should feel stronger before my con-
stituents than combating that proposition
which consists in the sordid idea that men who
do not themselves pay a tax are ready, no mat-
ter how iniquitous it may be, to see it paid by
somebody else.
But this is premature, and I ought to apol-
ogize for making even a single remark upon it
at this time. It is premature if we can con-
sider the bill in a practical manner. It is,
however, forced upon us at this moment, 11
the Senator from Ohio insists upon consider-
in0' now and refuses to lay over aseclion which,
although it does not relate in terms to the
