1880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
can then contract this loan at four per cent.,
at any rate on the best terms; and 1 have but
little doubt it might be made at even less than
that But the object is to secure the loan at
the lowest possible rate. In order to do that
we must go into the market upon the most
favorable terms, not reserving the right to tax
by holding a large part of the interest out of
the hands of the holders.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I deBire to vote in such a
way as to tax the income on these bonds; in
other words, that the income of the parties
holding these bonds shall be subject to taxa-
tion, because to-day these bonds are held by
parties who are able to obtain money thereon i
at four or four and a half per cent., in contra- i
distinction to commercial paper on which from
twelve to twenty per cent, is paid, and that
difference so much in favor of these bonds
should not exempt them, but should rather
increase the burdens of taxation upon them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
West Virginia, [Mr. Boreman.] i
Mr. CASSERLY and Mr. CORBETT called 1
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered {
and being taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 29;
as follows: I
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly, Cole,
Harlan, Johnston, McCrcery, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Sprague. Stockton, Thurman, Willey, and Wil-
son—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler,
Corbett, Drake, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert, •
Harris, Howard, Howell, Kellogg, McDonald, Mor- [
rill of Vermont, Osborn, Ramsey, Revels, Ross,
Sawyer, Schnrz, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Samner, >
Tipton. Trumbull, Warner, and Williams—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow, '
Carpenter, Cattell, Conkling, Cragin, Davis, Ed-
munds, Hamilton, Hamlin, Howe, Lewis, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Pool,
Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Spencer,Thayer, Vick-
ers, and Yates—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] to strike out the
fourth section, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7,. nays 38 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly, John-
ston, McCreery, Stockton, and Thurman—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Corbett, Drake, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler, Gil-
bert, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howell, Kel-
logg, McDonald, Morrill of Vermont. Morton, Os-
born, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Ross,
Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson—38.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,
Carpenter, Cattell, Conkling, Cragin, Davis, Ed-
monds, Hamilton, Howe, Lewis. Morrill of Maine,
Norton, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Spencer, Sprague, Thayer, Vickers, and Yates—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CAMERON. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
And be it farther tmaetecL That it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury on the 1st day of
July, 1870, to redeem and, fund in the bonds hereby
authorised all the fractional currency of the United
States that may be .offered fat redemption at the
Treasury or any of its branches, wUich he shall at
once cause to be canceled; and it shall no£ be lawful
for him after that date to issue any such paper frac-
tional currency, but he shall make all payments of
fractions of a dollar in the legal coin of the United
States.
I will only say a word in regard to this
amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. It speaks for itself.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope it does. I shall
not detain the Senate except to say that I think
the Treasury can do this without inconvenience,
and it will add very much to the convenience
of the country and I think very much facilitate
the payment of specie.
Mr. POMEROY and others. We are all in
favor of that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish simply to state
that any holder of fractional currency can now
convert it into greenbacks at his pleasure, and
certainly we ought, not to make a discrimina-
tion in favor of the national currency against
the greenbacks.
' Mr. CAMERON. My object is to get clear
of it and drive it out of circulation entirely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion, and declared that the noes appeared to
prevail.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr, SUMNER. That is a step toward spccie
payments. Let ns have the yeas and nays
upon it.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Cameron,
Casserly, Corbett, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, John-
ston, Kellogg. Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Scott,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull, and Wil-
son—18.
NAYS—Meiers. Boreman, Chandler, Cole, Drake,
Fenton, Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert. Harris, Howell, Mc-
Creery, McDonald, Morton, Osborn, Pratt, Bamsey,
Revels, Ross, Sawyer, Sehnri. Sherman, Stewart,
Tipton. Warner, Willey, and Williams—2t>.
ABSENT—Mejsrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,
Carpenter, Cattell, Conkling, Cragin, Davis, Ed-
munds, Hamilton, Howe, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Norton, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Riee, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Spencer, Sprague, Thayer, Vickers, and
Yatej—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to submit an
amendment to the ninth section for the pur-
pose of placing the new banks and the old
banks on an equal footing. The ninth section
Erovides that the new banks, or those that shall
ave currency issued to them hereafter, shall
only have eighty per cent, of the amount of
their bonds. The old banks are authorized to
substitute the new bonds for the old, dollar for
dollar, bat they have got ninety per cent, of
the amount of their bonds now in the form of
circulation, and the bill makes no provision
for requiring them to file additional bonds to
cover this ten per cent., or to withdraw ten per
cent, of their currency so as to make them
equal with the new banks. In other words,
as the section now stands the new banks have
to file the same amount of bonds that the old
banks do; but the old banks retain their ninety
per cent, of currency and the new banks get
only eighty per cent. That is a distinction of
ten per cent, in favor of the old banks, and it
is unjust. The new banks will have difficulty
enough to get along without having this differ-
ence of ten per cent, against them. Therefore
I offer this amendment as an addition to the
section ?
And existing banks which substitute the bonds
provided by this act shall reduce the volume of thei r
circulating notes until they only amount to eighty
per cent, of their bonds deposited, or shall deposit
additional bonds so that their circulating notes
shall not amount to more than eighty per cent, of
the bonds deposited.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Put it in the other shape,
that the new banks shall have ninety per cent.,
and I think it will carry.
Mr. STEWART. Make it ninety per cent,
all the way through.
Mr. MORTON. I am not willing to make
it ninety per cent, on four per cent, bonds.
Mr. FENTON. You have fifteen and twenty-
five per cent, reserves..
Mr. SHERMAN. I merely desire to state
thatfor all new currency furnished to old banks,
as well as for all new currency furnished to new
banks, they have to file bonds to the amount
of eighty per cent.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; but the old banks
have got ninety per cent, of currency now, and
you require them to exchange bond for bond,
so that they file no more bonds, and as the bill
stands they will get ninety per cent, of circu-
lation to one hundred per cent, of bonds, and
the new banks will get but eighty per cent, to
one hundred.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the one case we have
the old bonds bearing a higher rate of interest
as security, and with the new banks we have
only four per cent, bonds.
Mr. MORTON. But the Senator requires
them to exchange those within a year.
Mr. SHERMAN. But then they get the
other bonds.
Mr. MORTON. Suppose they do; the new
banks formed under the eighth section, that
have to deposit one third of each kind, only
get eighty per cent., bnt the old banks, that
substitute new bonds, have already got the
ninety per cer.t. Am I not right?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not know but
that you are.
Mr. STEWART. I will inauire of the chair-
man if we are to fund these bonds as he pro-
poses, does he suppose our securities will not
be worth ninety cents on the dollar? It is de-
preciating your bonds in the outset to say that
Ihey will fall below ninety per cent. We pro-
pose to sell them at par, and not less.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I merely wish to ask
this question: whether the old banks, when
they take up their present bonds and deposit
new ones under the bill as it stands, are not
required to rednce their circulation or increase
the number of their bonds ?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir, they are not; that
is the very point.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
amendment read at the desk.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert at the end of the tenth section
the following:
And existing banks which substitute the bonds
provided by this act shall reduce the volume of their
circulating notes until they only amount to eighty
percent, of their bonds deposited, or shall deposit
additional bonds so that their circulating notes shall
not amount to more than eighty per oent. of the bonds
deposited.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope that amendment
will not be adopted. That question has been
fully examined aud fnlly considered. The old
banks have got bonds of a higher market value
on deposit as securities, while the new banks buy
their bonds at par in currency and have only
the four per cent, bonds. I trust, therefore,
the Senate will not agree to this amendment.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator repudiates a
part of section eight, which requires the old
banks to substitute for their old bonds new
bonds within one year or give up their fran-
Mr. SHERMAN. But at higher rates than
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; but section eight
also authorizes new banks to be formed, but
requires them to deposit one third of each
kind of bonds, so that the new banks formed
under section eight will deposit the same kind
of bonds as the old banks have to substitute,
but the old banks keep their ninety per cent,
while the new banks only get eighty.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken.
The old banks now organized having an out-
standing circulation retain their old bonds,
graded, however, at the rates provided for by
this act; the new banks and all old banks
issuing new notes have to give the additional
security.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCOTT. Several Senators have request-
ed me to renew an amendment which was pro-
posed and voted upon in a thin Senate a few
evenings ago, it being then presented by my
colleague in my absence. To comply with that
request I offer it with the addition of this:
"and a sum not exceeding one half of one per
cent, of the bonds herein authorized are hereby
appropriated to pay for the expenses of pre-
firing, issuing, and disposing of the same."
offer it not for the purpose of either provok-
ing or prolonging debate; and unless some
other Senator wishes to say something upon it
I shall content myself with asking for theyeas
and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania is to
strike out the sixth section and insert what
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows:
And be it further enacted. That no percentage, de-
duction. commission, or compensation of any amount
