1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3769
resumed the consideration of the bill (EI. R.
No. 1604) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30,1871, and for
other purposes.
The Clerk proceeded to read the list of con-
sulates under "schedule B."
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by adding to it the following:
And from and after Juno 30, 1870, tho consul at
Birmingham shall be allowed for clerk hire at tho
rato of $750 per annum.
I very reluctantly make any motion to in-
crease any compensation while there seems to
be so much fever on both sides of the House
in favor of economy, and I would not do so in
this case if it was not an extreme one. I ask
the attention of the Committee of the Whole
while I state the facta of the case upon which ;
I base my amendment, and I do not think it
will be rejected if gentlemen will but listen to i
my statement.
In the first place, I desire to state that the
adoption of my amendment to increase the j
compensation of the consul at Birmingham,
which is now $2,500, by giving him a $750
clerkship, will be no tax upon the Treasury of
the United States, because there is an annual
excess of consular fees of from sixty to seventy
thousand dollars. The next point I desire to
state is that no consulate which collects as much
fees as Birmingham, with one exception, pays
a compensation of less than $3,000 | and no
consulate that collects as much fees as Man- i
Chester, with one exception, pays less than ,
$4,000. Where consols Ate allowed in fees
as much as $2,500, instead of being paid by sal-
ary, they are now always allowed by law clerk
hire and expenses. There are thirty-two con-
sulates, in each of which much less fees are
collected than are collected in this one, where
the consuls are paid in fees from three to six
thousand dollars.
There is no other office with $2,500 compen-
sation that collects anything like the amount
collected by the consulate at Birmingham. In
1866-67—and we have no later report—there
were only five consulates which collected more
than Birmingham. These five were London,
Liverpool, Paris, Havana, and Manchester.
There are thirty-seven of these consulates, the
i&laries ranging from $3,000 to $7,500. The
consulates at Glaegow and Bremen, which may
be considered as somewhat adjacent to Bir-
mingham, paf each $8,000, while thel* united
fees do not equal those collected at Birming-
ham. By the consulate at Birmingham five
thousand invoices are made out annually.
These have to be made out in triplicate and
four times recorded; thus thirty-five thousand
copies have to be made. All this is in addition
to the routine business of the consulate. This
work requires the attention of a first-class clerk,
who is often occupied far into the night. He
now receives from tho consul $1,000 in addi-
tion to the pay allowed by the Government.
I wish the committee to bear in mind the
very important fact that the shipments from
Birmingham last year amounted to from four to
five million dollars; and those shipments paid to
the Government a revenue ofabout twelve hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars. X wish the com-
mittee to bearin mind also the further fact that
this cotisufaitecollects annually from ten to fif-
teen thousand dollars in fees. In view of the
large shipments from Birmingham great watch-
fulness is required over the invoices ; and hence
the duties at that post become very important.
I wish to say further that the Secretary ot
State, in a letter to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Banks]-—a
printed copy of which I have on my desk—has
recommended theallowance of $750 additional
to this consulate for clerk hire. He has sinee
written to the Senate committee recommend-
ing an allowance of $1,000, instdH of $750.
But, under the circumstances of the case, I move
simply an additional allowance of $750; and
considering the important nature of the duties
of the office, the amount of fees collected, the
watchfulness and care required at that consul-
ate, and the fact that this increase is indorsed
by the Secretary of State, it seems to me the
| House ought to adopt my amendment. I am
sorry that I did not go before the Committee
on Appropriations and submit the proposition;
but I neglected to do so until it was too late.
Tho present incumbent I know personally.
; He is a man of scholarly attainments and fine
character; he is an excellent business man and
a splendid fellow personally. Any gentleman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, or any
other member of the House who may go to
Europe and visit Birmingham, will be person-
ally well received, and perhaps the better I
received if he will vote for this amendment. !
I hope the gentleman who has charge of the ;
bill will not object to it. I think the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, to whom
• I have partially presented*the matter, will not
oppose it. The committee must see that if
I there is in the list of consulates any case where
a salary ought to be raised, this is one.
| Mr. ORTH. The eloquence of the gentle-
I man from Maine [Mr. Peters] has almost
j persuaded me to support his amendment. I
| have no doubt that our consul at Birmingham
I is all that the gentleman from Maine has de-
; scribed him. The fact that be is from Maine
! is probably an additional reason in his favor.
But, Mr. Chairman, this committee is not pre-
pared at this time to go into the question of
i adjusting the salaries of the various consulates
I of the Government. The letter to which the
gentleman from Maine, has referred, as coming
' from the Secretary of State to the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, does not
single out this consulate for an increase. It j
! is, as I onderstand, a general letter in refer-
ence to the pay of all the consuls, recommend- j
ing a general revision, an increase of some j
salaries and a reduction of others. My atten- j
1 tion has been called to this matter because I j
j happened to be a member of the sub-committee j
: to whom this question was referred by the
j Committee on Foreign Affairs. Weareawait-
: ing the action of the Senate upon the consular
bill, reported there by the Committee on Com-
merce and now before that body. When that
| bill comes to this House we can then legislate
in regard to this and all other like cases.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters)
is mistaken, however, when he says this in-
crease of $750 does not take the mooey out
of the Treasury. It is true in one sense it
does not take it technically out of the Treas-
ury, but if we shoald pass the amendment it
would prevent that much going into the Treas-
ury. What has been said may be true in refer-
ence to tile consulate of Birmingham, but it
is likewise true of other consulates. The Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs are in possession bf
letters from probably twenty or thirty consuls
giving equally good reasons why there should
be an increase of their pay. It strikes me from
my experience that we have not a single con-
sul who could not fiirnish to us as good reasons
why his pay should be increased.
I object to the amendment of the gentleman
from Maine first, because we do not desire to
take up one case and legislate for it to the
exclusion of all others; and-in. the second
place, I do not think the people expect this
Congress ought to increase the pay of our
officials except in some glaring cases. This
one at Birmingham is not an exceptional one.
The salary there has been fixed for years at
what it iB now. This gentleman accepted his
appointment, and is there enjoying himself,
prepared I have no doubt to extend the court-
esies of social life to those who may call upon
him with proper letters; and if I go there I
shall not fail to take a letter of introduction
from the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters.j
Mr. PETERS. I move an amendment pro
forma to the amendment, in order to say a few
words in reply to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Orth.] I again state that this consul at
Birmingham, if his salary be increased $750,
will not take this money out of the Treasury.
That consulate, until within a few years, paid
the fees collected there into the pockets ot
the consul. It now pays from ten to fifteen
thousand dollars a year into the Treasury
of the United States. They make out thirty-
five thousand invoices and copies of records.
He has exercised care and watchfulness oyer
millions of dollars in value of goods coming
to the United States, which pay into the Treas-
ury of the United States from one to two mil-
lion dollars under our various tariffs.
I say this is an extreme case. There is no
other case on the list of consulates which will
compare with it. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, who has looked
into this subject with me, whether this is not the
strongest case on the whole list ot consulates?
The bill of the Senate proposes to give him
$1,000 ; but we are coming to the end of our
legislation, and I have some apprehension that
and some other bills will not find passage
through both Houses of Congress for want of
time. This is an extreme case. It is an im-
portant consulate. This consul receiving only
one half of what many others get, pays twice
, as much into the Treasury from his consulate
as those others. I think I am not asking too
much when I ask for this increase. I appeal
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
if from his knowledge of the subject he does
not think this is the strongest case in the whole
list of consulates? The bill which is before
the Senate decreases the salary of many of
; these consulates.
j [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. It is due to the gentleman
from Maine that I should say he lias, as usual,
1 made out a strong case, and, if possible, I
! should like to see his man relieved. As the
I gentleman from Maine has stated it he made as
1 strong a case as any other.
Mr. PETERS. Is it not the strongest?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know any made are
stronger than that ofthe gentleman from Maine;
and I should like to see relief granted if the
whole Subject were now up before us.
Mr. KELSEY. I oppose the amendment
for the purpose of saying that this is only one
of thirty or forty cases before the Committee
on Appropriations. The gentleman says this
is the strongest case. I can tell one stronger,
the case of the consulate at Vienna. He would
be satisfied with a salary of $1,500, an increase
of $500 over his present pay.
Mr. PETERS. How much does he pay into
the Treasury as fees?
Mr. KELSEY. I have not time to turn to
that. I only mention that this is not the time
to regulate salaries of consulates. In- appro-
priation bills we ought to appropriate only as
the law now stands. If the law should make a
change we can hereafter make appropriations
according to that change. But until the law is
changed we ought to adhere to it as it now
stands.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. KELSEY. Certainly.
Mr. PETERS. I wish to ask if the consul-
ate at Vienna is anything more than a mere
fancy thing? Are there any goods shipped
from that point to this country?
Mr. KELSEY. It is of no importance to
the question before the committee what that
consulate is. I merely mention it to illustrate
the general proposition that there are claims
from a large number of these consuls for an
increase of pay. They are all founded on tho
same fact, that the amount of fees received at
all the consulates is in excess of the expenses.
It is true that we receive from consular fees
$75,000 a year more thatkthe expenses of the
consular salaries and the loss by exchange.
But these do not by any means include all the
expenses of the various con sulatcs. T here are
