1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5657
resolution of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes.]
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate
concurring,) That the hour fixed for the adjourn-
ment of Uio two Houses on this day be extended
until five o'clock p. in.
Mr. SARGENT. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move the House ad-
journ, and I do it because I have been over-
ridden by the power of the Speaker.
Mr. FITCH. Yeas and nays on that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] moves to suspend the
rules. The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eijbrijige] moves that the House adjourn, and
the gentleman from Nevada [Mr. Fireii] on
that demands the yeas and nays. By the rule
but one motion to adjourn is in order. The
Chair calls attention of the House to the fact
there is just time to save the adjournment pre-
cipitately against this factious action.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is an argument of
the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. There is time^to save it,
even if gentlemen force it.
Mr. McNEELY. The Chair has no right
to make an argument.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Chair
to protect the overwhelming majority of the
House on this question. One fifth have not
voted for the yeas and nays, and they are
refused.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand tellers.
Mr. SARGENT. I demand the yeas and
nays on suspending the rules.
message from the president.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Horace Porter,
one of his secretaries, notifying the House that
he had approved and signed bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 351) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to examine
and adjust the accounts of the late collector
of the third and sixth collection districts of
Missouri;
An act (H. R. No. 1721) for the relief of J.
Alden Ilathbun, postmaster of Mystic Bridge,
Connecticut;
An act (H. R. No. 2J60) to create a port of
delivery at Houston, Texas;
An act (H. R. No. 1950) granting a pension
.to Mary Lincoln;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 19G) for the
relief of J. Edwards Clarke and the heirs and
legal representatives of John T. Peabody,
deceased:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 236) relative
to the stone presented by the patriots of Rome
to tbe late President Lincoln;
A joint resolution (H. E. No. 200) for the
relief of Joseph and Matthew M. Merriman, of
Hartford, Connecticut;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 231) granting
the Evansville and Southern Illinois Railroad
Company the right to build a bridge across the
Big Wabash river;
An act (H. R. No. 1052) to increase the
pension of Mrs. Annie A. Hays, widow of
Brigadier General Alexander Hays, who was
killed in the battle of the Wilderness May 5,
3804;
Au act (H. R. No. 2374) to authorize the
importation of a common road steam-loco-
motive free of duty;
An act (H. R. No. 1980) to extend the pro-
visions of the preemption laws to the Territory
of Colorado, and for other purposes;
An act, (H. R. No. 2350) to discontinue the
Clarksville, Arkansas, land district, and the
establishment of an additional land district m
that State;
An act (H. R. No. 21G9) to establish a port
of delivery at Kansas City, Missouri;
An act "(II. R. No. 1170) to provide for the
settlement of the claims of Archer N. Martin,
late assessor of internal revenue for the seventh
collection district of Pennsylvania;
An act (H. R. No. 2100) for the relief of
Charles A. Frazer, of Harrison county, Texas,
and Joseph H. Sloss, of Colbert county, State
of Alabama, of all political disabilities ;
An act (H. R. No. 1902) for the relief of
Francis A. Conwell;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 322) author-
izing the Secretary of "War to transfer to
Keokuk, Iowa, condemned ordnance for the
ornamentation of the soldiers' cemetery at that
place;
An act (H. R. No. 2002) to require national
banks going into liquidation to retire their cir-
culating notes;
An act (H. R. No. 1891) for the relief of
Captain David Beatty's company of independ-
ent scouts;
An act (H. R. No. 2111) to amend an act
entitled "An act amendatory of the organic
law of Colorado Territory, and for other pur-
poses," approved May 4, 1870;
An act (H. R. No. 2240) for the relief of
William Selden ;
An act (H. R. No. 2045) to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 2359) to declare forfeited
to the United States certain lands granted to
the State of Louisiana to aid in constructing a
railroad therein;
An act (H. li. No. 569) to vacate the Fort
Dakota military reservation in the Territory
of Dakota, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 2090) to annul a portion
of a certain statute of the Territory of New
Mexico, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 2404) to amend section
four of the act of March 31, 1868;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 358) to con-
strue the act of March 31. 1868 ;
An act (H. R. No. 1149) to amend an act
entitled "An act authorizing the construction
of a bridge across the Missouri river upon_the
military reservation atFort Leavenworth, Kan-
sas;" and
An act (H. R. No. 2370) to establish certain
post roads.
indian appropriation bill.
On ordering the yeas and nays on the motion
to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution,
there were—ayes fifteen ; not a sufficient num-
ber.
Mr. McNEELY called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes four-
teen ; not a sufficient number.
So tellers were refused, and the yeas and nays
were refused. The rules were suspended, and
the resolution was agreed to.
additional committee cleuk.
The SPEAKER. When the House took a
recess, the pending question was on a resolu-
tion reported by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cake] from the Committee on
Accounts, which the Clerk will again report.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts are
hereby authorized to allow the employment of an
additional person during the recess of Congress, upon
the consolidated index of private claim?, said person
to bo paid out of the contingent fund, at the rate of
Si 80 per day.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I object.
Mr. CAKE. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was put; and (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the resolution was agreed to.
salary of committee clerks.
Mr. CAKE. I also desire to report from the
same committee the following resolution :
That the clerlts of the several committees of the
House be paid their rcspeotivc salaries to the close
of the current month.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CAKE. I desire also, from the same
committee, to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That the clerks of the Committees on
Banking and Currency and Naval Affairs be paid at
the same rate as allowed the elerk of the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What difference is there
now?
Mr. CAKE. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was put; and (two thirds not
voting in favor thereof) the rules were not
suspended.
leave to print.
Mr. CLEVELAND, by unanimous eonsent,
was granted leave to have printed in the Globe
some remarks on the tax and tariff bill. [See
Appendix.]
cuba.
Mr. WILKINSON. I ask leave to offer the
following preamble and resolution:
Whereas war is imminent between the Govern-
ments of France, Prussia, Austria, and Spain; and
whereas Spain, during a contest of nearly two years,
has been unable to suppress a revolution which has
raged in the island of Cuba, and in the event ot a
war would lose all control and authority over the
said island; and whereas there is danger that the
said island of Cuba might be seized upon and held
by the Government of France: Therefore,
Resolved, That if during the recess of Congress any
such contingency becomes imminent the President
of the United States is hereby authorized and re-
quested to protest against and prevent sueh seizure,
and to that end to recognize if necessary the revolu-
tionary government of Cuba as the de faeto Govern-
ment of that island, and to take such steps as will,
in his judgment, prevent any foreign and monarchical
Government from taking possession of the island of
Cuba or any other island in American seas.
Objection was made by several members.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to suspend the
rules and agree to the preamble and resolution.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Wilkixson] yields to me to offer an
amendment.
Mr. WILLARD. I object.
The question was put and (two thirds not
voting in favor thereof) the rules were not sus-
pended.
tax and funding bills.
Mr. SCHENCK and Mr. COX rose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schexck,] chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means is recognized.
Mr. COX. I wish to offer as a distinct res-
olution the amendment which I desired to offer
as an amendment to the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer a resolution to be
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. COX. Matters of printing are not a very
dignified thing when there is a war imminent.
The SPEAKER. Tlio Clerk will report the
resolution offered by the gentleman from Ohio.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House ten thousand copies in pamphlet form of the
tax bill, and live tliousandeopies of tlio funding bill.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be
referred to the Committee on Printing under
the law.
naval contractors.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to take from the
Speaker's table the joint resolution (S. No.
92) for the relief of certain contractors for
the construction of vessels of war and steam
machinery.
Mr. CALKIN. I object.
* Mr. LOGAN. I desire to explain. !
Mr. COX. I object to explanations.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read for information.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
' that the claims for building vessels and steain
! machinery referred to in the act tor the relief
| of certain contractors for the construction of
I vessels of war and steam machinery, approved
i March 2, 18G7, be referred to the Court of
\ Claims, which is hereby vested with jurisdic-
i tion under said act, and whose duty it shall be
