1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1881
ot kind ahull be allowed to aifr person for the sale,
negotiation, or exchange of any bonds or securities
of the United States authorised to be sold or ex-
ohanarod by this aot; but the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall appoint some proper officer or officers of
his Department to make such sale or negotiation of
bonds; and all exchanges or sales of the bonds of the
United States made under this act shall be made by
inviting thecoinpotition of thepublio by advertising
for proposals for any such exchange or sales, which
shall be awarded publicly to the best bidder or bid-
ders, tho Secretary of the Treasury reserving the
right to reject any such bids shouldhedeem ittothe
public interest to do so. And a sum not exceeding
ono half of one per cent, of the bonds herein author-
iied is hereby appropriated to pay tho expenses of
preparing, issuing, and disposing of the same.
Mr. SHEIiMAN. That amendment in the
same words was offered before.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Pennsylvania to
say that it was the same with some additions.
Mr. SCOTT. It adds to the amendment
offered before an appropriation of one half of
one per cent.; so that it is not the same propo-
sition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. SPRAGUE. One fourth of one per
cent, is a large charge for the ordinary negotia-
tion of business paper, bonds, and everything
of that sort. Now, by the striking.out of the
section of this bill for effecting foreign loans
the great cost incident to the negotiation of
these bonds is obviated. One fourth of one
per cent, would be a very large compensation
for the negotiation of these bonds. All ex-
pense beyond that is a job.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, one
fifth of the Senators present not seconding
the call.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend by insert-
ing in the eighth line of the sixth section the
words "one half of one per cent." in lieu of
"one per cent." I think that is sufficient. I
do not wish to take time, but I hope we shall
restrict this to one half of one per cent. It is
abundant. I believe the work can be done for
one fourth of one per cent., and I do not think
we ought to appropriate so large an amount
as one per cent.
Mr. V ASSERLY. lam very glad that some
gentleman of the majority in this Chamber has
mdved to reduce this amount. I wish he had
moved for a further reduction, but I think the
country will be fortunate if the reduction which
be has suggested obtains the votes of the Sen-
ate. I regard the section as it stands as wholly
inexcusable. Because dnring the height of the
war when everything looked doubtful, our credit
as well as other things, large percentages were
allowed for negotiating the public loans, does
that furnish any precedent for keeping up those
rates, ay, and not only keeping them up but ex-
ceeding them, doubling them and trebling them?
The Senator from Pennsylvania, who made
one ineffectual effort to bring the Senate to
something like a reasonable sense of what was
due to the country on this subject, stated the
other day that a loan negotiated in 1862 or 1863,
when our credit was low enough, was negotiated
at three tenths of oue per cent. Why do we
propose to pay so much more now—more than
treble what that was? Has any reason been
given for it?
The Senator from Rhode Island observed
that the amount of one per cent, allowed here
on this vast sum of money was far beyond any
rule of compensation in ordinary business.
Every one conversant with the ordinary course
of business knows that no such amounts are
dealt with as the amount proposed in this bill.
Let me say to Senators that if tbe_ Senate of
the United States shall agree to this percent-
age fixed in the section it is proposing to do
something that, in my judgment, no legislative
body in the world to-day which is anything
like a representative body iu its constitution
would venture to do. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the practice of the Brit-
ish Government on this subject. That country
has a large debt to deal with, unfortunately
for them a much larger debt even than our
own. For a series of years the Bank of Eng-
land has negotiated that debt, has handled it,
and has managed it. More than that, the Bank
of England is responsible for all errors com-
mitted by its clerks or agents in the business,
and for all frauds practiced, and for all defal-
cations in connection with the debt; so that
the losses which it pays, one year with another,
Qn account of that debt alone are estimated as
exceeding fifty thousand pounds per annum.
And yet, taking a year as recent as the year
1868, what sum was paid by the British Gov-
ernment to the bank for this business? In
that year the bank negotiated and handled
£735,000,000 of the public debt.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the whole amount
of their debt.
Mr. CASSERLY. Iam aware of it; and
of that amount £230,000,000 were in new
stocks, new annuities, about equal to the
whole amount proposed to be issued under
this bill. For that service performed by the
bank, the bank taking all the risks which I
have mentioned, the bank received from the
British Government a little over two hundred
thousand pounds sterling. The exact figures
were near two hundred and twenty thousand
pounds—about eleven hundred thousand dol-
lars. So that for a mass of transactions of
the same kind, amounting in dollars to about
thirty-six hundred millions, (three times the
amount of the debt covered by this bill,) the
British Government paid the Bank of England
about three cents on the $100 where the Sen-
ate bill proposes to pay one dollar on the $100.
I have just the same interest and no more
in the operation of this bill as any Senator who
hears me, and if I have evinced some warmth I
beg to be excused for it. But I could not sit
silent in ray seat and permit a section like this
to go through without entering my strongest
protest against it. I do not believe that the
American people deserve to have this burden
added to the great burdens already carried by
them so manfully and so unflinchingly.
Twelve million dollars! Gentlemen may say
that the whole thine is in the discretion of the
Secretary of the Ireasury. Sir, there is no
public officer the world ever saw who ought to
have the license to spend $12,000,000 at his
discretion in negotiating$l,200,000,OOOof debt.
Is your credit so bad that you must pay that
great premium to anybody in public or in pri-
vate station for the negotiation of it? If it is
you had better a great deal wait until it mends.
Without intending to apply to the section any
of the more severe remarks of which it has
been made the subject, I earnestly trust it will
not pass in its present shape. I should have
been better pleased had the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts who last spoke proposed to cut down
the percentage to one quarter of one per cent.,
which is more than Mr. Secretary Chase paid
for the debt which he negotiated in worse days
than these that are now upon us.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg leave to correct the
honorable Senator. I do not want to go all
over this again; but I showed the other day
that Mr. Chase allowed three eighths of one
per cent, commissions besides the expense of
preparing and issuing the loan ; and Mr. Fes-
senden's negotiation cost three fourths of one
per cent. Mr. Boutwell in his letter said he
believed he could get along with one half of
one per cent., but stated that if the usual
appropriation, the same as that made in these
bills, was allowed not one dollar would be paid
out more than was necessary. I have no care
about the rate fixed. If the Senate think really
it would be better to put it at & half of one
per cent. I have no feeling or desire to keep it
higher. The letter of Mr. Boutwell was very
satisfactory. This covers not only the cost
of the negotiation of the bonds, but all the
cost of their printing and engraving, the neces-
sary agencies, commissions, and everything that
is to be paid. If the Senate really think it had
better be cut down to a half per cent. I have no
special desire to keep it higher. The whole
facts have been laid before the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I speak with so much
difficulty in consequence of the state of my
throat that I am not inclined to protract what
I have to say; but, in justice to myself, I
must remind the Senator from Ohio that
when I referred to three tenths of one per
cent, as the rate of the negotiation of the
bonds of 1862 or 1863 I gave my authority,
the Senator from Pennsylvania, who spoke at
length the other day, and who was not contra-
dicted that I have heard by any gentleman in
the body either then or since. If there i3 any
error in it, of course the illustration fails.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator will permit me
to say that the statement is correct, that the
negotiation of the first loan did cost three
tenths of one per cent.; but that was the nego-
tiation alone, the bonds having previously been
prepared by the Treasury Department and
issued.
Mr. SHERMAN. Three eighths instead of
three tenths of one per cent.
Mr. SCOTT. No; the first loan cost three
tenths.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the official docu-
ment here; but it is not worth while disputing
about it.
Mr. SCOTT. I have the documents also. I
do not think I am incorrect.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well, sir; three
tenths of one per cent, were allowed for the
expenses outside of the Treasury. Why is not
three tenths of one per cent, enough now?
Expenses have not increased; onr credit is
better than it was; onr loan will be sought
throughout the world, if it is taken at all.
There is no necessity for forcing it by us; still
less will there be any need or propriety for
hawking it around the markets of Europe. I
shall regret for one if under any circumstances
this section remains. I am not aware of a
single reason why the figure which is named
here should not be reduced to the same amount
which the Senator from Pennsylvania who last
spoke has no doubt quite truly represented as
three tenths of one per cent.
Mr. SCOTT. That there may be no mis-
take about it, I will read from House Docu-
ment No. 66, Thirty-Eighth Congress, first
session, giving an account of the negotiation
of the first loan. On page 4 the Secretary says:
"This cost is a little less than throe tenths of one
per cent, on the whole amount, and is, as is believed,
less than the cost of any other great loan, either
American or English, heretofore negotiated."
Mr. SHERMAN. That was mere comwis-
sion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was the appropri-
ation ?
Mr. SCOTT. I do not know what the appro-
priation was; bat that was the actual cost.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That did not include the
printing and engraving. „
Mr. SCOTT. No, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. Before I take my seat I
shall move, by way of amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, to in-
sert the very sum named by the Senator from
I Pennsylvania, three tenths of one per cent.,
1 and then the operation of the section will be
this: that for the ordinary business done in the
I Treasury in connection with this loan, the same
business of which the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania has spoken, as the preparation of the
bonds, &c., the charge will be covered by the
usual appropriation tor that Department, and
the three tenths of one per cent, will be for
those expenses which may be considered extra,
outside of the ordinary business and details ot
the Treasury. If that was enough in 1862 and
1863 surely it ought to be enough now. I move,
therefore, as an amendment to the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, and I trust
that he will be willing to accept it, to insert
1 '' three tenths of one per cent.''
