1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4713
begin with, and then it names two items. That
is what the Senator from Pennsylvania means.
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon my word, if we
were to guard laws against such a construction
as that, no human language could enact a law.
There is notaxoti promissory notes or receipts
except in schedule B, and this section repeals
that tax in schedule B on promissory notes and
receipts. If Senators can make it any plainer,
I should like to have them do it.
Mr. FOWLER. The Senator from Rhode
Island called attention a few moments ago to
a clause of this section commencing in line
ten in regard to stamps on proprietary articles.
1 move to amend that clause by striking out
in lines fifteen and sixteen the words " nor
more than §500, five per cent.; and on amounts
over five hundred dollars;" so that it will
read, "on amounts purchased at one time of
not less than fifty dollars, ten per cent, oil the
whole amount purchased." 1 move to strike
this out, because the clause as it stands taxes
small dealers, and does not allow them the
same privilege that it does large ones.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would be to give
away about a million dollars.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ten-
nessee to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. FOWLER. There is one point that I
wish to understand. Is it understood that the
stamp tax imposed by schedule B on promis-
sory notes for a less sum than $100 and on
receipts for any sum of money is repealed?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; they are repealed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I suggest
to the chairman whether it is not proper to in-
corporate here a provision extending the time
in cases of failure to comply with the law in
regard to stamps.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have another section
prepared in relation to that subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
now is on the amendment of the committee, as
amended, being section four.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report a section intended
to reduce the penalty for the non-application
of a stamp at the proper time from fifty dol-
lars to five dollars, and also to allow, in cases
where deeds for estates have not been stamped
previously, an extension of the time within
which to pay the stamp. The amendment is
to insert as section five the following:
And be it farther enacted, That seetioD one hun-
dred and fifty-eight of the act entitled " An act to
provide internal revenue to support thcUovernment,
to nav interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
noses'" approved June 30,1864, as amended by sec-
tion nine of the internal revenue act., approved Juiy
13 1865 be and is hereby, amended by strikinir out
the word "fifty " in the second proviso, and insert-
ins inlieu thereof the following: " double theamount
of tax remaining unpaid, but m no case less than
fire;" also by striking out the word sixty-sis. m
the third proviso, and inserting in lieu theieof tno
word -seventy:" also by striking out the word
" sixty-seven," in the last proviso, and inserting m
lieu thereof the word "seventy-one.
Mr. SAWYER. Is that amendment open
t0Tlie PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr SAWYER. Then I move to amend the
amendment where it uses the word "seventy-
one" by inserting "seventy-two." The pur-
dosc of this amendment is to give the makers
of instruments, who made, signed, and issued
them when and where there was no collection
district, an additional time for having them
stamped. The time for stamping them has
been extended twice certainly, perhaps threo
times; but yet there are a great number of
instruments in those sections of the country
where collection districts were not established
until since the termination of the rebellion
which remain unstamped, and the diffusion of
the information necessary to have it done or to
warn the parties who hold those instruments
ia very much more slow than it is in more
thickly settled portions of the country; and
frequently a man never finds out that his instru-
ment, made before the collection district was
established, needs a stamp until he comes to
sell the properly of which it is the title, or
comes to produce that instrument in court as
evidence.
The present law requires a penalty of fifty
dollars before a man can stamp one of those
instruments at this time ; and yet it is obvious
you never can collect that penalty, because a
jury would be slow to convict any man of an
attempt to defraud the revenue when he could
prove that at the time he made that instru-
ment ho could not get a stamp within five hun-
dred miles, or perhaps one thousand miles.
Therefore the amendment which has been
proposed by the chairman of the committee is
a wise one in its purpose and will bring to the
Government considerable revenue, while the
law as it at present stands will not collect the
penalty for the omission to stamp these instru-
ments, at the same time that it puts the party
to the inconvenience of having evidence which
he cannot produce as evidence before a court
of justice. But I want to give them a year
further. I think there is no objection to giv-
ing them to the 1st of January, 1872, to do
this, instead of the 1st of January, 1871. The
Government loses nothing under any circum-
stances by doing this, and it may, and prob-
ably will, gain a considerable amount of
money.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senate think it
wise to extend this time another year I have
no objection to it myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio accept the amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no right to accept
it. I would rather the Senate should act upon it.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on the amendment to the amendment, ex-
tending the time from 1871 to 1872, within
which unstamped instruments may be stamped.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I have no objection
to allowing any Senator who is in favor of it to
submit a motion to take thequestion in regard
to the income tax.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Allow me
to ask the Senator, in respect to the first pro-
viso in his last amendment, is it August, 1870,
or August, 1871 ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the amend-
ment just adopted be read again.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the clause reading
also by striking out the word "sixty-six," in
the third proviso, and inserting "seventy."
seventy ought to be "seventy-one;" anditwas
so written.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so corrected; and the Secretary
will resume the reading of the bill.
The Chief Clerk read sections [thirty-five]
five and [thirty-six] six of the bill.
The Committee on Finance proposed to in-
sert after the word "Congress," in line thir-
teen of section [thirty-six] six, the words "ex-
cept that portion thereof from which, under
authority of acts of Congress previous hereto,
a tax of five per cent, shall have been with-
held."
Mr. WILSON. What does that mean ?
Mr. WILLIAMS, It means that persons
who now draw their salaries upon which the
five per cent, has been heretofore deducted
shall not be required to pay an additional tax
on that salary. The tax on salaries is deducted
as the salaries are paid, and this is simply a
provision that such persons shall not be re-
quired to pay the tax twice.
Mr. CONKLING. Is this the occasion when
the Senator from Ohio thinks it would be well
to raise the question about the income tax sec-
tions?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. His idea is that there
shall be a motion made to strike them out.
Mr. SHERMAN They had better be read
through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
will first be on amending the section proposed
to be stricken out.
Mr. CONKLING. That is true.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps it will be better ,
to perfect these sections. Then the question
could bo on striking them all out.
Mr. THURMAN. Would it be in order to
move to strike out section thirty-five or five,
whichever it is, on page 77?
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
in order; but the first question is on perfect-
ing the part proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. THURMAN. If that motion should
carry there would be no use in wasting time
with perfecting it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am entirely indifl'erent
which course is pursued, whether wo take the
question first on striking them all out.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I suggest to the
Senator from New York to move to strike out
the section on page 77.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objections to
making that motion now; but the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] suggests to
include for convenience the other sections. I
will make it in its broad form, to strike out all
the sections relating to income tax.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I inquire, what has been
done with the sections proposed on page 38.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 'Those sec-
tions have been agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the motion to
strike out now will extend to page 87.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that it will confuse the matter some-
what, while a motion is pending to perfect
these sections, to take the vote on striking them
out.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the motion to strike
out should fail there would be no objection
then to amending them, I suppose.
Mr. WILSON. Oh, no.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose that if section
five is strickcn out the other sections necessa-
rily fall. The simple question is whether we
will strike out section five.
^ Mr. THURMAN and Mr. HAMILTON, of
Maryland. 'That is it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to go into
a debate; I have already said what I desire to
say in regard to the income tax; but I will
state why, in my judgment, there is an imper-
ative necessity for retaining the income tax.
I shall speak upon the question as covering
the whole income tax, because, as a matter of
course, if you strike out the tax on personal
income yon must strike out the other income
tax. The income tax on corporations and on
salaries would be clearly unconstitutional if the
income tax on personal income were stricken
out.
The Senator from New York seemed to sug-
gest the keeping of an income tax on corpora-
tions and yet striking out the tax on personal
income. In my judgment, under the Consti-
tution of the United States, we should have
no right to discriminate in that way. If that
position be true, then we may levy an income
tax solely on the income derived from United
States bonds, or from railroad corporations,
or any other form of investment. An income
tax must be, in the language of the Consti-
tution. general in its character, covering all
incomes, from whatever source derived, of
certain amounts, with proper limitations ; it
must be coextensive with the subject ofincome.
It' any other idea should prevail it would be in
the power of a majority of Congress to aim a
discriminating tax against the industry of a
particular section and thus avoid the very
foundation of the Constitution, which requires
equal, just, and fair taxes—taxes applying to
all alike. Now, to levy a tax upon a corpo-
ration, or the proceeds of a corporation, the
