5658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
to investigate and determine the cTaims of the
several parties upon the principles and rules
laid down in said act, except as hereinafter
provided; and the finding of said court in the
premises shall have the same force and effect
as any other judgment of said court; but no
claim shall be considered by said court unless
the same shall bo presented within one year
utter the passage of this resolution. The joint
resolution also repeals so much of the said act
tis provides against considering any allowance
in favor of any such parties for any advance
of price of labor and materials, unless such
advance could not have been avoided by the
exercise of ordinary diligence and prudence
011 the part of the contractors.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and the joint resolution passed.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
68, noes 49.
Mr. LOGAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Logan and
Mr. Stevens were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 103, noes 46.
Mr. NEGLEY demanded the yeas and nays.
business of the country.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the Senate and, House of Representatives :
Your attention is respectfully called to the neces-
sity of passing an Indian appropriation bill before
the members of Congress separate. Without sueh
appropriation Indian hostilities are sure to ensue,
.and with them suffering, loss of life, and expendi-
tures, vast as compared with the amount asked for.
The latest intelligence from Europe indicates the
imminence of a war betwoen Prance and N orth Ger-
many. In view of this, a sound policy indicates the
importance of some legislation tending to enlarge
the commercial marine of this country.
The vessels of this oountry at the present time are
insufficient to meet the demand which the existence
of a war-in Europe will impose upon the commerce
of the United States, and I submit to the considera-
tion of Congress that theinterests of the country will
be advanced by the opportunity to our citizens to
purchase vessels of foreign construction for the for-
eign trade of the country. An act to this effect may
be limited in its duration to meet the immediate
exigency.
l'iio foreign mail service of the United States is, in
a large degree, depending upon the Bremen and
Hamburg lines of steamers. Tile Post Office Depart-
ment has entered into contracts in.writing with the
two companies above named and with the Williams
& Guion lines, respectively, for a regular and con-
tinuous ser\'ice of two years. The only arrangement
that could be made withthelnman and Cunardlines
is temporary, and may be broken off at any time.
The North German lines arc first class in point of
speed and equipment, their steam ere usually making
the trip across the Atlantic in from twenty-four to
thirty-six hours in advance of the Williams & Guion
line. Should the North German steamers be block-
aded or impeded by Franco our postal intercourse
with foreign nations will be greatly embarrassed
unless Congress shall interpose for its relief.
I suggest to Congress the propriety of further post-
poning the time for adjournment, with the view of
considering the questions herein communicated.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, D. C., July 15,1870.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to discuss that
message?
The SPEAKER. It is not now.
Mr. COX. Cannot I move that it be printed?
The SPEAKER. Not now. The question
is upon ordering the yeas and nays on the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] to suspend the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. When will it be in order
to discuss the propositions presented in that
message by the President?
The SPEAKER. Whenever the Chair reeog-«
liizos the gentleman to bring the question before
the House. ,
Mr. COX. Is it not in order for me to make
a motion to print that message?
The SPEAKER. Not at this time.
naval contractors.
The question was upon ordering the yeas
and nays on the motion of Mr. Logan to sus-
pend the rules, which was put, and the yeas
and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken: and there
were—yeas 98, nays 65, not voting 77; as fol-
lows :
YEAS — Messrs. Archer, Asper, Axtell, Ayer,
Barnum, Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird. Booker,
Buckley, Burchard, Burdett, Roderick It. Butler,
Cake, Calkin, Cessna, William T. Clark, Sidney
Clarke, Cleveland, Coburn, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Cul-
lom, Dickinson, Eldridge, Farnsworth,Ferriss, Ferry,
Finkelnburg, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Griswold, Hamil-
ton, Hay, llcflin, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Johnson, Judd.Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr, Lash,
Logan, Lynch, Mayham, McCarthy, MeCormick,
McKee, McNeely, Milnes, Samuel P. Morrill, Mun-
gen, Myers, Negley, Niblaek, O'Neill, Orth, Palmer,
Perce, Phelps, Poland, Potter, [teeves. It ice, Sanford,
Sargent, Sawyer, Schenek, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Sherrod, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
William J. Smith, Stevenson, Stiles. Stone, Strick-
land, Swann, Taffe. Tanner, Xillinan, Trimble,
TwicheJl, Van Horn, Wells. Whitmore, Eugene M.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winans, and Witcher—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Atwood, Barry, Boatty, Benton,
Blair, George M. Brooks, Amasa Cobb, Cougei',
Cowles, Dawes, Dickey. Donley, Duval, Gilfitls.n,
Harris, Hawkins, Hays,Hotchkiss, Julian, Kellogg,
Kuapp, Laflin, Lawrence, Loughridge, Maynaru,
McCrary, MeGrew, Mercur, Morphia, Packard,
Packer, Paine, Peck, Seofioid, Shanks, Porter Shel-
don, William Smyth. Starkweather, Stevens, Strong,
Townsend, Tyner, Van Wyck, Ward, William B.
Washburn. Welker, Wilkinson, Willard. Williams,
and Woodward—55.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Bailey, Banks,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bennett, Boles, Bowen, Boyd,
James Brooks, Buck, Buffinton, Burr, Benjamin P.
Hutler, Churchill, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Covode,
Darrall, Davis, Degener, Dixon, Dockery, Dox,
Dyer, Ela, Fisher, Fitch, Gibson, Haight, Halde-
man, Hale, Hambleton, Ilamill, Hawley, Hoar,
Hoge, Alexander II. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Ketcbam, Knott, Lewis, Marshall, McKonzie, Elia-
kim H. Moore, Jesso H. Moore, William Moore,
Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Newsbam,
Peters, Piatt, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Randall,
Ridgway, Rogers, Roots. Schumaker, Shober, Worth-
ington O.Smith, Stokes,Stougbton,Strader, Sweeney,
Taylor, Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees,
Wallace, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wheeler, Win-
chester, and Wood—77.
So (two thirds not voting in favo? thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll, (at four minutes
before two o'clock p. m.,)
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symf-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had agreed to the concurrent resolu-
tion of the House extending the session to
five o'clock p. m.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title ; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 272) to settle the claim of
the heirs of the late Colonel William Gates,
of the United States Army.
order of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the message
of the President, read a few minutes since, be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and that 
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. COX. Before the message of the Pres-
ident came in I had the floor, by the recogni-
tion of the Speaker, to offer a resolution with
reference to allowing foreign-built vessels to
be purchased and registered by American cit-
izens, with a view to deriving all the commer-
cial advantages that might result to us from a
European war.
Mr. CALKIN. I regret that the President
has stolen my colleague's thunder.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
no point of order in that. I drew up a resolu-
tion long ago.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] has a resolution on the
subject he may offer it, and we will vote for it if
it is couched in proper terms.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I tried two months ago
to get this House to vote in favor of free ships.
Mr. COX. My point of order is that I was
assigned the floor to offer a resolution in good
faith.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then offer it.
Mr. CALKIN. I object.
Mr. COX. I simply ask that the resolution
may be read.
t The SPEAKER. The Chair had intimated
his intention to recognize the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cos] to offer his resolution,
and would have done so but for the fact that
the yeas and nays were ordered on another
proposition, which took the gentleman from
the floor. In the mean time the message of the
President came in, and the Chair, of course,
being bound to recognize the organ of the
House in financial matters in preference to any
other member, recognized and now recognizes
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexqk,]
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. COX. Will the Chair allow my resolu-
tion to be read to see whether there is objec-
tion to it?
Several members objected.
registry of foreign-built vessels.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I move to suspend the
rules, in ()fder that the message of the Presi-
dent, just' received, be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, with instructions to
consider it forthwith and to report at as early
a moment as practicable-
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend 
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules cannot be amended.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire that if thismes-
sage be referred the committee shall report
forthwith, and then we can consider the subject
in the House. 1 think we had better consider
the message in the House if we expect to adopt
any action at this session.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Schbxck.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the
Chair two thirds have voted in the affirmative
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kelley anC
Mr. Cox were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report'
ed—ayes 106, noes 29.
Mr. CALKIN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the motion to suspend the rules was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to offer a resolution for reference to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
He it resolved, (fee., That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hereby authorized to admit to register foreign -
built vessels propelled by steam and constructed of
metal, not less than two thousand tons burden, the
property of citizens of the United States, within the
next six months: Provided, Said ships shall not bo
engaged or used in the coasting trade.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the resolution will be referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
There was no objection.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means:
Resolved, That to preserve and enhance our com-
mercial interests the Secretary of the Treasury, in
view of the imminency of European conflict, be, and
he is hereby, authorized for the term of one year to
place upon the American register any foreign-built
vessel purchased in good faith by American citizens.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution ; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means:
Jiesolvtd, That from and after the passage of this
joint resolution it shall be lawful for any citizen or
citizens of the United States to import iron-built
steamships of not less than one thousand tons meas-
urement freo of duty, and such ships shall be ad-
mitted to an American register: Provided. Thatsaid
ships shall be the exclusive property of a citizen or
citizens of the United States : And provided further,
That such ships shall be excluded from the coastwise
trade.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous conseift. intro-
duced a joint resolution (H, R. No. 3S5) to
