826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Mr. SHERMAN'. I was about to offer an
amendment to the pending amendment.
Mr. HOWE. Let me say totheSenatorfrom
Ohio especially, and to the Senate at last, I
submit that this is not the time to? legislate
upon the subject to which all these amendments
refer. This bill relates to Georgia. All these
amendments will not touch Georgia, but will
touch every State but Georgia, and touch them
most intimately, and touch them in the most
delicate way; and one o'clock in the night-
time, with this exhausted Senate, it does seem
to me is not the time to mature an amendment
properly for such an occasion. We can draft
one at any other time just as well as this, and
it seems to me a great deal better, and, there-
fore, Iyote against all these amendments with-
out reference to their merits.
Mr. STEWART. I think the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio will answer the pur-
pose as well as any that is likely to be matured,
with lines nine and ten stricken out. I under-
stood it was prepared in that way when I voted
before; but I subsequently ascertained it was
not. I did not change my vote, however. As
it is now prepared, I think if it is offered it can
be adopted, and will accomplish the purpose.
I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, I
should be very glad to vote for a bill properly
matured having the same object in view which
the Senators have who offer these amendments;
but I am not willing to vote for such a propo-
sition as an amendment to the pending bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. When it was supposed
that Georgia was to be admitted I drew an
amendment carefully and submitted it to quite
a number of Senators, to supply an omission
in the law of 1795. It was not intended for
any other purpose. But Senators object to
one clause of it; and I propose now, as an
amendment to the pending amendment, the
first, section of the amendment that I prepared,
with the clause about the suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus omitted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to amend the amendment by insert-
ing a substitute, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, as follows:
That whenever it shall appear to the President,
from an application by the Legislature of any State,
or by the Governor of such State when the Legis-
lature cannot be convened, that domestic violence
prevails in any city, county, or municipal organiza-
tion in such State, that cannot be suppressed bv the
local authorities, it shall be the duty of the President
to suppress such domestic violence, and for that pur-
pose he is hereby authorized to employ the military
force of the United States, and any portion of the
militia of any State he may deem necessary, and to
exercise all such powers and inflict such punishment
as may by the laws, or the rules and articles of war,
be exercised or inflicted in case of insurrection or
invasion.
Mr. DRAKE. I will accept that amend-
ment as a substitute for mine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri accepts the amendment to the
amendment.
< Mr. THURMAN. I cannot conceive of any
reason in the world for adopting that amend-
ment. In the first place, as to the power it
confers on the President to employ the troops
or the militia I do not see that it is one particle
broader than the existing law, and in respect
to the last clause, which allows punishments
according to the laws and rules and articles of
war, everybody knows that the rules and arti-
cles of war apply only to persons in the mili-
tary service, and therefore that portion of the
amendment creates no new law. The whole
thing is perfectly nugatory. Every person in
the military service of the United States,
whether in the regular Army or in the militia,
in actual service, is subject to the rules and
articles of war, and that is all that is declared
by the last part of that section. The previous
part of the section is nothing but a reenact-
ment of the law of 1795.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my colleague had ex-
amined the law of 1795 as carefully as I have
he would find that he is in error. The law of
1795 merely covers the case of a technical in-
surrection or invasion, an insurrection against
the authority of a State government, or an in-
vasion by a foreign Power. This amendment
is intended to cover and carry into execution
the second part of the guarantee clause of the
Constitution, which provides that in certain
cases the United States shall guaranty or pro-
tect a State from domestic violence.
Mr. THURMAN. If my friend will allow
me to interrupt him 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me read this clause.
Mr. THURMAN. I understand that per-
fectly well; but I tell him the Supreme Court
of the United States has decided, and here lies
the decision on my desk, that those words
"domestic violence" and the word "insur-
rection " in the Constitution are synonymous
and mean precisely the same thing, and apply
to exactly the same cases.
Mr. DRAKE. Suppose they did say so, and
we think differently.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not mean to go into
a question of that kind. The words "domes*
tic violence" are used in the Constitution. The
fourth section of the fourth article provides as
follows:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion"—
That is provided for by law now—
" and on application of the Legislature or of the Ex-
ecutive (when the Legislature cannot be convened)
against domestic violence."
All there is in this amendment is, that upon
a proper application made to the President of
the United States, hemaycallupon the militia
of any State or upon the regular forces of the
United States to go there and suppress the
domestic violence; and while they are engaged
in suppressing the domestic violence, they shall
be governed by the rules and articles of war.
If there is any objection to that I cannot see it.
Mr. HOWELL. If the Senator from Ohio
will have a little mercy upon us here to-night
I should be greatly obliged to him. He is
punishing us a great deal worse than he will
punish anybody who violates the law, I be-
lieve, by keeping us here on this new subject;
an important subject; one on which learned
lawyers like the Senators from Ohio differ;
and now we are to have speeches all around
from other lawyers. In the first place, I think
it does not belong to the bill; it is not germane
to it, and, in the second place, this is a very
late hour of the night to commence that dis-
cussion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The proposition as sub-
mitted by the Senator from Ohio I do not think
is particularly objectionable; but it is not ger-
mane here, and I do not think it is important
at all. If the Senator from Ohio will look at
the act of 1807 he will find the words "obstruc-
tion to the laws" 
Mr. SHERMAN. The laws of the United
States?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; of a State. It
reads:
"That in all cases of insurrection or obstruction
to the laws, either of the United States or of any
individual State or Territory, the President shall be
'authorized' to employ the Army and Navy," &c.
Mr. HOWARD. That is not all we want.
Mr. SHERMAN. That does not cover the
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that is about as
broad as the amendment of the Senator; but I
wish to make an appeal to the Senator from
Ohio. I do not see any particular objection
to his amendment; I do not think it is much
broader than this law; but 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
from Illinois that I did not intend to propose
this as an amendment when the changed con-
dition of affairs in regard to Georgia arose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then why not withdraw
it and let us get rid of this subject to-night?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have offered it because
many Senators think it will give additional pro-
tection to person and property in the southern
States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not apply to
G eorgia; but it leads to controversy here, and
I do not think there is much in it, I must say
to the Senator. I think the act of 1807 is as
broad as his amendment.
Mr. WARNER. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will not withdraw his amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. If this amendment is
intended to enforce the guarantee provision
of the Constitution, as I understand the Sena-
tor from Ohio to say, who insists upon con-
tinuing the section before the Senate, it strikes
me it is a very remarkable proceeding that after
midnight the Senate of the United States
should be pressed into voting for the first time
on this sort of measure—a new measure, ac-
cording to what the Senator from Ohio says,
brought forward now for the first time, to
enforce the guarantee clause of the Constitu-
tion. Doubtless it may be owing to my imper-
fect capacity to apprehend as rapidly as many
gentlemen do the bearing of that important
clause of the Constitution ; but I am reluctant
and still more incapacitated to enter into the
discussion of such a law as that nowproposed.
It seems to me that there never was so unfit
a moment selected as the present for such
a legislative proceeding. Not only is the
hour  
Whenever the Senators in the center of the
Chamber are prepared to listen I will resume.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will sus-
pend conversation and resume their seats.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senators oft-he major-
ity have occupied nearly the entire time that
has been given to this debate. But one Sen-
ator of the minority besides myself has spoken.
I shall claim from the Senate order and atten-
tion during the few minutes I shall occupy the
floor, and I ask the Chair to enforce the rule
in reference to order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Business will be
suspended until order is restored. The Sen-
ator from California insists that Senators who
are conversing in front of the Chair shall re-
sume their seats.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course, sir, it is not
for myself that I insist upon this right; but as
a member of the minority, which certainly on
this occasion has not trespassed on the atten-
tion of the Senate, I think is not too much for
me to ask on so important a subject as this
that during the short period that I shall trouble
the Senate I shall be allowed to have their
attention.
This very section in the Constitution has been
the subject of infinite debate through the whole
of this session. Senators have discovered
powers in it which nobody but themselves had
ever thought of, and which they never thought of
until very recently. I put it to the Senate
whether they will insist upon forcing through
a law the avowed object of which is to enforce
that provision of the Constitution for the first
time. It has been said, and said with entire
force, that this amendment is not germane to
the bill. It is wholly incongruous. The bill
provides for making Georgia a military dis-
trict. Now, in a military district you do not
want any legislation for the purpose of en-
abling the forces of the United States to be em-
ployed, because as a military district it is under
the control, the command, the order, and the
disposition of the military authorities. There-
fore this amendment, so far as it shall be em-
bodied in this bill, will have no reference to
the main object of the bill, but will bear wholly
upon other States. I think we have vicious
legislation of that kind enough on the statute-
books, the effect of which is to perplex all per-
sons whose business or whose duty compels
them to resort to these volumes to ascertain
where such and such a provision of law may
be found. The most important provisions of
law are found hidden away under statutes with
the most immaterial titles, and the most incon-
gruous provisions of law are found connected
