3772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
shall be sold for $100,000,000, out of which
fund these Spanish barbarians and their friends
are to be taken care of. We have all heard
something of that kind. I do not state that
the Secretary of State has any knowledge of
it or that such is the case ; but, sir, this want
of action on the part of our Government in J
favor of struggling Cuba does look as though
there was something covered up that we do
not see. Sir, let us acknowledge them as
belligerents and stop these murders and make
them conduct civilized warfare. Spain who in
hot haste recognized the rights of the rebellion
now dictates to our Government what we must
do, and we crouchingly obey.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I have confidence that what-
ever violence or indignity may have been
offered to the flag of the United States will be
properly resented by the Government, and that
the honor of our flag will be vindicated. I do
not rise to defend the Government of the Uni-
ted States on any such plea as the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] has put in here
in the name of the Navy, that it has not power
to defend our flag in Cuban waters, because
we have refused to appropriate money enough
to the Navy. Does the Navy of the United
States shelter itself through the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] from the per-
formance of its duty under the plea that unless
it has all the money asked for here it will stay !
quietly by and permit the flag of the United
States to be insulted ? Sir, the Navy of the
United States has two hundred and seven ves-
sels at its command. It has an Admiral, a Vice
Admiral, and ten rear admirals. It has eighty-
five hundred men, and has $14,000,000 appro-
priated to it.
Mr. SARGENT. How many of those ships
are transports ?
Mr. DAWES. Let my friend from Califor-
nia make his defense of the Navy in their
name, that they are afraid to go down into
Cuban waters with all this power, and let him
read then what were the performances of the
Navy when the minister of the United States
was insulted in his own house and under the
flag of the United States in Paraguay, and how
these men now having the title of admirals got
down on their knees before the tyrant Lopez.
I would vindicate the Navy from any such
imputation as the gentleman from California
puts upon it.
Mr. PROSSER. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that this discussion has gone beyond
the proper latitude allowable to such a debate;
that this discussion with reference to the Navy
is not in orderon the consideration of the pend-
ing bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot sus-
tain that point of order.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will be allowed to
proceed, and explain how many of these ves-
sels are tugs and how many small-sized steam-
boats.
Mr. DAWES. If the Navy supposes that
it vindicates itself before the country, or if it
supposes that it will force upon the Congress
of the United States lavish expenditures of
money by getting any gentleman as its mouth-
piece on this floor to declare that it does not
vindicate our flag because it has not force
enough, it mistakes the judgment of the coun-
try upon its course since the war. It mistakes
the judgment of the country upon the manner
in which it has expended the money which has
been voted to it heretofore; it mistakes the
judgment of the country upon its own efficiency
and spirit and pride, if it folds its arms, and
when criticised points back to its past history
as if it were never for the future to make
any effort to vindicate the flag of the country.
It has power enough to do so, and I repel the
imputation that it is because the Congress of
the United States does not clothe it with power
enough that it has not performed its duty in
those waters.
Mr. CONNER. Mr. Chairman, the discus-
sion upon the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana 
Mr. WILLARD. I rise to a point of order.
I wish to inquire what is the pending amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending amend-
ment is that of the gentleman from Indiana, to
strike out the words "Santiago de Cuba,"
and on that amendment debate is exhausted.
Mr. YOORHEES. I withdraw it.
Mr. WILLARD. I object to its being with-
drawn.
, The question was taken on Mr. Vooriiees's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to
strike out the paragraph.
Mr. CONNER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the last word. This discussion, Mr.
Chairman, has developed some important fea-
tures relative to the course pursued by the
Administration toward our citizens in foreign
countries. The fact has been established, and
I believe has not been denied, that Americans
have been murdered on the island of Cuba. I
say murdered, because when accused they have
been denied the privilege of a fair trial, but by
drum-head court-martial proceedings have been
condemned and executed. It has been alleged
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
that the reports which have reached us of these
unprecedented proceedings are entitled to no
credit on account of the irresponsibility of the
gentleman who makes them. If the Adminis-
tration chooses to intrust the responsible posi-
tions of diplomatic agencies to men of irre-
sponsible character this House and the country
must hold the Administration responsible for
the results; at all events, this House cannot
be held responsible for the proceedings of such
parties. Mr. Chairman, what is the duty of this
Government? As I conceive, it is to grant,
extend, and insure to all American citizens,
wherever found, that protection which the flag
of a great Government should always give to
its citizens.
It was a proposition laid down and estab-
lished by the fathers, which forms the founda-
tion of oiir system of government, that the
sympathy of the American people should always
be extended to a foreign people who are or
may be struggling for liberty. What have we
here? Almost within our borders for years the
patriots of Cuba have been endeavoring to
throw off the Spanish yoke and rid themselves
of the despotism that has so long oppressed
and cursed them. The demand of the Amer-
ican people has been that we, that Congress,
the Representatives of the nation, should make
some substantial manifestation of our sympathy,
and extend to those struggling people the en-
couragement that should be extended to every
people who desire to be free. It has been sug-
gested that the Navy Department is not in a
condition that would enable the Government
to extend protection to our citizens, lest by so
doing we should hazard a war with Spain.
While I can find nothing in that old despotic
Power to excite my fears, I frankly admit the
force and truth of the suggestion, and I am in
favor of strengthening our Navy and granting
to the Department all they ask. Then let it be
understood that they are able to defend our
citraens, and if they decline to do it hold them
responsible.
One word more. Gentlemen talk about ex-
pense ! Why, sir, if there is a negro killed in
any one of the southern States this House can
vote millions of dollars, and send regiments
of troops there, in time of profound peace, to
be quartered on our own people, You can
establish your military commissions and put
upon trial American citizens in violation of
the expressed provisions of our Constitution,
and you can send soldiers into every county
throughout the South to enforce an odious
policy and sustain by the bayonet a mushroom
party in power; but when a report comes to
this House that American citizens have been
murdered in a foreign land, our flag insulted,
ana our representative compelled to ilee the
country, it fails to awaken sympathy, arid it is
passed by without the slightest notice.
Mr. Chairman, judging the future by the
past, I have little hope that this Administra.-
tion_ will protect our citizens sojourning in
foreign lands, or express sympathy with the
downtrodden and oppressed of other nations;
and the only way, in my judgment, to enforce
; those principles that were enunciated by the
fathers is to insist by a vote of this House that
the demand of the American people shall be
carried out, and that these people who are
j struggling for freedom shall be encouraged by
j a vote of this House.
i Mr.^MUNGEN. I desire to be heard in
j Opposition to the amendment. I do notappre-
| liend that there is any danger at all of a war
j with Spain, and I look upon this bugaboo which
has been got up about our Navy as mere buri-
combe. All we want, and all the Cubans want,
and all that is necessary for the protection of
Kfe and for the protection oftlie helpless women
and children who are being murdered every day
by the blood-thirsty Spaniards, is for this Gov-
ernment to do what Spain did to the confeder-
acy, grant belligerent rights to the struggling
Cubans. When that is done France anil Eng-
land will follow suit, and they are now stand-
ing amazed that this country, a great Republic,
i will not step in, after a struggle of eighteen
months, and say to the Spaniards, "Stop your
murders and treat your prisoners as prisoners
of war."
This, sir, is a struggle for liberty. I at-
tempted to show on a former occasion, and I
can show at any time, that the Cuban struggle
is a far greater one ; that there are more men
in arms, more men fighting; and that there
has been more blood shed than there was in
the first twenty months of our Revolution. Let
us at once without delay, without waiting for
San Domingo, or any other island, or any
other ring, or any other job, declare to the
world that We tegard Cuba as a belligerent
struggling for liberty and independence. Let
us disregard rings, whether in San Domingo or
in Cuba. In the name of humanity, let as stop
this wholesale murder of Women and children.
I say that it is a disgrace to the American
name that we have suffered this thing to go otv
so long. The American people remember
Well when Crittenden and fifty young Ameri-
cans were shot down like dogs on the plaza
at Havana. They remember that in 1869 the
gallant August Arango, brother of the bogus
Napoleon Arango, a Cuban general, was mur-
dered by the Spaniards in Ptoetto Principe,
whither he had gone by invitation of the Span-
ish general under a flag of truce, and his body
horribly mutilated and torn to pieces in the
streets.
The hearts of the American people beat
with sympathy with those who are struggling
for freedom everywhere, no matter where it
is. I believe if the matter was left to the voice
of the people they would be unanimously in
favor of at least granting belligerent rights.
That has nothing to do with war ; it would
not provoke the effete old Spanish Govern-
ment to war at all. But as was said by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] our Gov-
ernment, instead of doing what ought to have
been done, has been aiding the Spanish Gov-
ernment by letting them have vessels of war,
fifteen-inch guns, &c.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELSEY. I ask unanimous consent
of the Committee of the Whole that all debate
faay be now closed on this paragraph.
Mr. BANKS. I object.
Mr. KELSEY. Then I move that the com-
mittee now rise, for the purpose of obtaining
from the House an order to close debate on
this paragraph.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman will
permit the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs to be first heard.
