1884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
tlonof said bonds; and ho may advertise the loan
herein authorized end the conditions thereof in such
newspapers and journals in this country and in
Europe as he may select for that purpose; nnd a sum
not exceeding one half of one per cent, of the bonds
herein authorised is hereby appropriated to pay the
expense of preparing, issuing, and disposing of tho
same.
Src. 6. And be it further enacted. That in order to
carry into execution tho provisions of the fifth sec-
tion of the act entitled "An act to authorize tho issue
of United States notes and for the redemption or
funding thereof, and for funding the floating debt of
the United States." approved February 25, 1862,
relating to the sinking fund, there id hereby appro-
priated out of the duties derived from imported
goods the sum of $150,000,000 annually, which sum
during each fiscal year shall be applied to the pay-
ment of the interest and to the reduction of tho prin-
cipal ofthe pnbliedebt. AndtheUnited States bonds
now held as the sinking fmnd and the United States
bonds now held in the Treasury shall be canceled and
destroyed, a detailed record thereof being first made
in the books of the Treasury Department. And the
bonds hereafter purchased under this section shall
in like manner be canceled and destroyed. And a
full and detailed account of the application of tho
money herein appropriated shall be made by tho
Secretaryofthe Treasury to Congress with bis annual
report; and the aggregate amountof the bonds can-
celed and destroyed shall be stated in tho monthly
statements of the public debt.
Skc. 7. And be it further enacted. That on and after
the 1st day of October, 1870, registered bonds of any
denomination not less than $1,000, issued under the
provisions of this act, and no others, shall be de-
posited with the Treasurer of the United States as
security for the notes issued to national banking
Associations for circulation under an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currency secured by
a pledge of United States bonds, and to provide for
the circulation and redemption thereof, approved
June 3,1864; and all national banking associations
organized under said act, orany amendment thereof,
are hereby required to deposit bonds issued under
this act, as security for theiroirculating notes, within
one year from the date of the passage of this act; in
default of whieh their right to issue notes for circu-
lation shall be forfeited, and the Treasurer and the
Comptroller of the Currency shall be authorized and
required to take such measures as may be necessary
to call in and destroy their outstanding eircnlation,
and to return the bonds held as security therefor to
the association by whieh they wore deposited, in
sums of net less than $1,0004 Provided, That anysuch
association bow in existence may, upon giving thirty
days' Mtiee to the Comptroller of the Currency, by
resolation of its hoard of directors, deposit legal-
tender notes with the Treasurer of the United States
to the ameant of it* oatstanding circulation, and
take np the bendsplcdged for its redemption; And
1>rovided furtker, Tnat not more than one third of
the bonds deposited by any bank as neh security
shall be of theelassof bonds herein authorized bear-
ing the rateof interest offive perccnt., and Dot more
than one third shall be of the class of bonds herein
authorised bearing the rate of interest of four and a
half percent.
8cc. 8. Ami be it further enacted. That tho amonnt
of circulating notes whieh any bank may reoeive
from the Comptroller of the Currency, under the
provisions of section twenty-one of said aet, may
equal bat not oxceed eighty per cent, of the par
valne of the bonds deposited, but shall not exceed
in the aggregate the amonnt to whieh such bank may
be entitled under said section.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted. That any bank-
ing association organized or to be organized under
the national enrreney aet and the acts amendatory
thereof may upon depositing with the Treasurer
United States notes to an amount not less than $50,000,
receive an equal amount of registered bonds of the
United States, of the kind and description provided
for by section three of this aet, and may deposit the
same as the security for circulating notes, and there-
upon snch hanking aameiation shall he entitled to
and shall receive oircaiatmg notes npon terms and
conditions and to the extent provided in the said
national currency acts, and without respect to the
limitation of the aggregate eirealatten of national
currency prescribed by said acts: Provided, however.
That as eirenlating notes are issued under this section
an equal amonnt of United States notes shall becan-
celed and destroyed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. 8PRAGUE called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill; and they were or-
dered.
Mr. McCREEdY. I had the honor of ten-
dering last night an amendment that my col-
league had prepared, and I believe it has not
yet received the action of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
offered it at a time when it was not in order,
and it has not since been renewed.
Mr. McCREERY. I renew it now.
Several Senators. It is too late.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is too late,
except by reconsidering the third reading or
t>y unanimous consent.
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. McCREERY. I gave notice of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment will be submitted to
the Senate. The Chair bears no objection.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment is to strike out all of the bill after the
enacting clause and in lieu thereof to insert:
That for the purposo of ascertaining the proper
amountof the liability ofthe United States on their
outstanding bonds, forming the great bulk of the
public debt, any holder or holders of any of said
bonds may. and are hereby, authorized severally, or
jointly and severally, to institute suit or suits upon
said bonds, or any number of them,against tho Uni-
ted States in its courts, which courtsshall decide the
liability of tho United States upon tho bonds sued
for, according to the principles which govern courts
of equity.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the passage of the
bill, and the Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. DRAKE. On this vote I am paired
with the Senator from Minnesota, Mr. Norton.
If he were present he would vote against the
bill, and I should vote for it.
Mr. JOHNSTON. On this question I am
paired with my colleague, Mr. Lewis. If he
were here he would vote for the bill, and I
against it.
Mr. ROSS. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from Delaware, Mr. Sauls-
bcry. If he were present he would vote
against the bill, and I for it.
Mr. VVILLEY. The Senator from Mary-
land, Mr. Vickers, having been called away
this evening, I agreed to pair with him. He
would vote against the bill if he were present.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to say that after
the vote is announced on the passage of this
bill 1 will move to proceed to the consideration
of executive business. There are some mes-
sages that ought to be disposed of.
The result was announced—yeas 33, nays 10;
as follows:
YEAS—Messsrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Edmunds, Fenton. Ferry, Fowler, Gilbert, Har-
lan, Harris. Howard, Howell, Kellogg, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton. Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey,
Revels, Rice, Sawyer, Schurz. Scott. Sherman, Stew-
art. Samner, Thayer, Tipton, Warner, Williams, and
| Wilson—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Buckingham,
' Casserly, Corbett, McCreery, McDonald, fcjprague,
| Stockton, and Thurman—10.
i ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron,
' Carpenter, Cattell, Cragin, Davis, Drake. Hamilton,
Hamlin, Howe, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Norton. Nye, Patterson, Pool. Kobertson, Ross,
i Saulsbury, Spencer, Trumbull, Vickers, Willey, and
I Yates—26.
I So the bill was passed.
I Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
] proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the title of the
bill ought to be amended. Does the Senator
from Ohio intend to have it read "refund-
ing?"
Mr. SHERMAN. Strike out the " re" be-
fore " fanding."
Mr. SUMNER. Is it not refunding ? It is
refunding; it is not funding.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care which word
is used.
Mr. CONKLING. The title is right as it is.
Mr. SUMNER. It is right.
Mr. MORTON. The greenbacks are not
funded, but they are to be.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The title will
stand as reported.
MK8SA08 from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 622) for the relief of Wil-
liam H. Farquhar;
A bill (H. R. No. 1418) for the relief of
Sophia A. Moen, widow of Augustus R. Moen,
late deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 1446) for the relief of the
heirs of Jonathan Haines, deceased ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1488) for the relief of
Elizabeth N. Jackson;
A bill (H. R. No. 1489) to enable John
Thompson, executor of Thomas Thompson,
deceased, to make application for the exten-
sion of letters-patent for an improved machine
for folding papers;
A bill (H. It. No. 1490) for the relief of
William Mont Storm;
A_ bill (H. II. No. 1491) for the relief of
Tobias J. Kindleberger;
A bill (H. R. No. 1492) for the relief of John
Young; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1487) to provide two local
inspectors of steamboats at Evansville, in the
State of Indiana.
: COMMITTEE ON MINTING.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Hetolved, That the Committee on Printing, charged
with tho investigating of charges against tho Con-
gressional Printer, be authorized to summon wit-
nesses, to employ a stenographer, and havo printed
such portions of the testimony as may be necessary
for reference.
IIOCSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Patents:
A bill (H. R. No. 622) for the relief of Wil-
liam H. Farquhar;
A bill (H. R. No. 1413) for the relief of
Sophia A. Moen, widow of Augustus II. Moen,
lofp npfipncpn * •
- A bill (H. 11. No. 1446) for the relief of the
heirs of Jonathan Haines, deceased;
A bill (H. II. No. 1488) for the relief of
Elizabeth N. Jackson;
A bill (H. II. No. 1489) to enable John
Thompson, executor ot Thomas Thompson,
deceased, to make application for the extension
of letters-patent for an improved machine for
folding papers;
, A bill (H. R. No. 1490) for the relief of
' William Mont Storm ;
! A bill (H. R. No. 1491) for the relief of
Tobias J. Kindleberger; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1492) for the relief of John
Young.
The bill (H. R. No. 1487) to provide two
local inspectors of steamboats at Evansville, in
the State of Indiana, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Comuittee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. RAMSEY. I only want an executive
session for five minutes. ["No!" "No!"]
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 11, 1870.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.'
session on saturday.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move that when the House adjourns to-day
it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. COB URN. I have been requested by
several members to ask that there be a session
of the House to-morrow for debate only.
Mr. DAWES. I will accept that suggestion,
and move that the session of to-morrow be for
debate only, as in Committee of the Whole,
with the understanding that no business shall
be transacted.
The SPEAKER. That will require unan-
imous consent.
No objection was made ; and the motion was
agreed to.
