572
tsi congressional globe.
January 1&,
pediment in fh-e way of tho addition of any constitn-
Qopgress viqvq acceptable fo tlie people and to
ther? is a- ^ofold obiMt: fifet, that the
btato may continue in its present anomalous posi-
JJSL. * -oy m&y eontil*uc tQ enjoy, tho. Stato
v?fCfte^^dct!e5°Pdfct0 stavo off the Republican
vote or the State in the presidential electron, which
Possibly decide fclie next contest.
lhe power of General Sehofield over the elections
ana qualnication of members is now exhausted, and
it devolves upon the convention itself to determine
cms question; and, indeed, G-eneral >Sc bo field (for
whom I ieel the highest-respect as an intelligent,
impartial, and most efficient officer, hut woo, i
think, has fallen into a great error on this subject)
has turned the whole matter over to you, and it re-
mains for you to doterraine whether you will enforce
the law and get rid of this body of men who have no
right or business there, or whether you will tolerate
then presence, and thus bring all the evils upon the
country and the State that will in all human prob-
ability result from their counteracting influences.
. It is proper r should state that I went to Wash-
ington last week to obtain the passage of an cxplan-
a that, all I saw were fully impressed
with tho importance of such legislation, and that
the: first member to whom I mentioned the subject,
and who is a member of the Beconstruetion Com-
mittee, seemed to be profoundly sensible of its ne-
cessity, and in tho presence of three other gentlemen
m my room volunteered to introduce a bill and push
i t through without delay; and X left Washington on
baturday night with full confidence that the bill
would pass through both Houses on tho following
Monday, and I and others who knew of his promise
have been greatly disappointed and surprised that
it has not been done.
If the convention should entertain any doubt as
* A ■ -"v.vm vuvv/juo.iu unj uiifeiufc a:
to their power to require tho oath to be adminis-
tered (I have none myself) I would respectfully sug-
sest that they adopt a resolution calling on Congress
Kftrtirftfn.fi/\r  r\f +V & nnt-
£ uviuj/t cli 1CBU1UL1U1
for its interpretation of the act.
Is it to he believed that they could so stultify
themsel ves as that they intended to require this high
political test-oath to be applied to every subordi-
nate officer m the State, such as inspectors offish,
lime, lumber, guano, penitentiary agents and store-
keepers, &c,, who have no political duties to per-
form, and yet not apply it to those who had the
highest political functions that can dovolve on a citi-
zen, to be exonerated from it, and cspcoialJy that
class that they intended particularly to punish for
their political offense?
I was pleased to see that Mr. Hino, of Fairfax, had
moved in the right, direction on this subject,
* y * * * * #
I was several times asked in Washington, if the
convention would hesitate to enforce the law with-
out an explanatory act, to which I could give no
reply, as I did not^know how far they would bo
controlled by the opinion of the commander of the
district. '
I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant.
JOHN M. BOITS,
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President 
f y**-® PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Drake] was recognized as
entitled to the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me to make one remark on the
point of order just raised? I hope the Sen-
ator from Ohio will not insist on the enforce-
ment of that rule of the Senate to which he
called attention. It is a rule that has always
existed on our books, but I have never heard
it quoted before_ and never have seen it en-
forced, and I think if we attempt to enforce it
now it will lead to a great deal of inconven-
ience^ I am sure no man in this body is so
impatient of much speaking as I am, but I am
satisfied that if we attempt to enforce that rule
we shall get ourselves into a great deal of con-
tusion. There is a rule of this body that no
senator m this Chamber shall write letters or
read a newspaper or speak to another Senator
while debate is going on. Suppose the Chair
should undertake to enforce that? The rule
is intended to correct abuses that would grow
up if the practice were carried to a great ex-
tent. I hope the Senator from Ohio will not
seek to enforce the rule in this case.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Rhode
island, I think, was on the committee that
framed these rules only last year; and this rule
wasaltered for the express purpose of meet-
ing just the case now before us. The old rule
was easily evaded. The old, rule denied to
any Senator the right to speak on any question
more than twice; but as the questions could
be changed by a formal motion it was evaded ;
and the Senator from Rhode Island and other
members of the Senate adopted the rule in its
present shape as the only limitation that ought
to be put upon debate. If these rules made
last year are now to be disregarded we had
better at once, abolish them and not trouble
ourselves about them at all. But I thinkthere
is no practical difficulty in enforcing the rule
in a, great debate like this. I think to allow a
Senator to speak twice in one day in such a
debate when the question is the same all the
time is a reasonable amount of speaking for
one man in a body of seventy men. If we all
spoke twice in any day the day would be a
very long one. It is true in the discussion of
a bill sometimes questions maybe put that
will require answers ; and the question - is
changing constantly, so that it may be desir-
able to speak more than twice.
In such a case as that of course the Senate
would allow indulgence. I neve> myself seek
to enforce the rules strictly, especially when
Senators desire to speak; but I think that in
this case we ought to enforce the. rule. Hav-
ing called the attention of the Presiding Officer
to it, I at least consider my duty done. It is
not my business to enforce the rules against
the wishes of Senators. I think if this rule
is not to be observed it ought to be then
stricken from the list of rules so that the VicS
President may not bo troubled by it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg to remind my friend
from Ohio that this rule says " without leave
of the Senate;" and I think under the usage
of the Senate the Chair would be well warranted
in taking it to be the pleasure of the Senate to
hear a Senator a third time unless some gen-
tleman should rise and object. It is of course
within the power of the Senate, as it ought to
be, to stop it.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was not Agreed to, there being
on a division—ayes 19, noes 25.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, what is the
pending proposition on this bill now before the
Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] to refer the bill and the
pending amendment to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. DRAKE. After eight days' debate, Mr.
President, it will be perceived and has been
already perceived by the whole Senate that
almost the entire subject of controversy here
is whether this State shall be forced into the
Union unconditionally or whether there shall
be fundamental conditions attached to her
admission; and the question connects itself
directly with the condition of the fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution. I suppose
that if that amendment had been already rat-
ified there would not have been a consumption
of one fourth of the time that has been occupied
in debating this bill. Now, sir, the probability
is that we cannot arrive at that great con-
summation until wo hear from the State of
Nebraska—a State that has, in that respect,
assumed an importance in this country which
is really remarkable and striking. It has so
happened that the Governor of that State has
been in'Washington for some days, has freely
conferred with Senators upon this subject, and
that he is almost determined to convene the
Legislature of that State in special session to
act upon this amendment; but it cannot be
convened in less than twenty days. That is
though there be no provision of law requiring
that length of time, yet it is necessary to give
that length of notice in order to enable the
notice to get to all the members and for them
to get to the seat of government.
Now, sir, 1 for one, and there are others
here who are in the same position, will never
vote for the unconditional admission of Vir-
ginia as long as that fifteenth amendment is
au incomplete fact. If we put it off until the
question is decided whether that amendment
is adopted or not, then we can come to the
matter afterward with a large portion of the
controversy about this bill removed. I believe
that it will be for the interests of the country
to lay the bill aside now arid wait for our little
sister out yonder in the great valley to give us
her voice in favor of the amendment.
In order, sir, that we maiy see what is the
sense of the Senate on this subject; in order
that we may know whether the Senate desire,
as I do, to see "whether that amendment Is
adopted or not before we go into this legisla-
tion, in order that we may then be in a condi-
tion if it should be adopted to admit Virginia
and Mississippi and Texas all together, and so
crown and finish the work of reconstruction, I
move that the further consideration of this bill
be postponed until Monday, February 28, at
one o'clock. " '
The VICEPfiESIDENT. The SefiatOrfrom
Missouri moves that the further consideration
of this bill be postponed nntiL the fourth Mon-
day of February; at one ©'"clock.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like* to' ask the
Senator a question: before tie vote is taken on
this motion. I wish to inquire if Ke proposes
when he is fully satisfied that the fifteenth
amendment is secure to vote then for the ad-
mission of Virginia without any condition or
qualification? Would he then be willing to
do it?
Mr. DRAKE. I will say in reply to the hon-
orable Senator from Oregon that 1 always make
up my mind how I shall vote just the instant
before I have to vote. [Eanghtfer.]
Mr. WILLIAMS. Well, Mr. President, the
Senator has become so distinguished iri this
debate for smartness that Of course the re-
mark he has' just made surprises nobody.
[Laughter. ] If the question that I propounded
was not pertinent to the motion that he made,
then, of course, it was not expected that ho
would give a satisfactory or reasonable answer.
Sir, what is the object of postponing this
bill until February if this debate is then to be
resumed and the questions that have been
presented at this time are again to be dis-
cussed ? Is the gentleman sincere, in his mo-
tion ? Does he make it for the reason that he
has assigned, so as to secure the fifteenthamend-
ftient, or is that a pretext for the purpose of
postponing this bill so as to accomplish its
ultimate defeat.? .
Now, sir, I am willing to adopt almost any
measure that is reasonable, and not as absurd
as some of the amendments proposed by the
Senator from Missouri in order to briftg this
discussion to an end, in order to determine
what shall be the future status of the State of
Virginia. I think this discussion has been pro-
ductive of much evil and no good. When it
was commenced the people of this country
expected, if I am not misinformed, that Con-
gress would admit the State of Virginia at an
early day. Everybody knows that the Presi-
dent m his message recommended the adop-
tion of that course ; and so far as I know, so
tar as I can gather public sentiment from the
public press of this country, the Republican
think that this discussion has riot been pro-
ductive of any particular good either to Vir-
ginia or to the country or to the Republican
party, andl am only desirous to terminate
tne discussion so that we may proceed to the
consideration of other business; and although
I have voted to admit Virginia without any
condition or qualification, I am yet perfectly
willing to take the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont as modified by the Sen-
ator from West Virginia, if we can agree upon'
that, and adopt it and conclude this discus-
sion. X thought we ought to make an effort
ot some kind to reach an end of this matter,
ana not by these motions, which evidently look
to aelay, consume the time of Congress, when
e*e. other matters of equal importance'
pressing upon our consideration.
ulr. WARNER. Mr. President, I am as
reluctant as anybody to prolong this discussion
one moment. There are one or two things,
