1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1885
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider tbe vote
by which the order was made for the session
of to-morrow; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Cobcrn] will take the chair to-mor-
row as Speaker pro tempore.
steamboat inspectors in indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Commerce a
bill, the passage of which is recommended by
the Treasury Department.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill (H. It. No. 1487)
to provide two local inspectors of steamboats
at Evansville, in the State of Indiana; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill provides for two local inspectors
of steamboats at Evansville, Indiana, at an
annual compensation of $800 each, to perform
the duties required by the provisious of the
steamboat act of August 30,18-52, and the acts
amendatory thereof.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motiou to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being called, the morning hour will now
commence. This being set apart under the
rules as private-bill day, during the morning
hour reports of a private nature are in order
from the committees, beginning with the Com-
mittee on Railways and Canals.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hardly know what
ruling the Chair has made as to what bills
reported from that committee he would regard
as private bills.
The SPEAKE R. If the gentleman has any
bill to present from that committee the Chair
will rule upon it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not know that I
have anything of that kind to report from the
committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is prob-
ably correct. [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire, if I may be
allowed to do so, to report a bill of a private
nature from the Committee on Commerce, as
though it came from the Committee on Rail-
ways and Canals.
The SPEAKER. It will require unanimous
consent to interrupt the call.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
object.
The call was proceeded with until it reached
the Committee on Patents.
adverse reports.
Mr. JENCKES, from tbe Committee on
Patents, reported adversely on the following
petitions; and the same were laid on the table:
Petition of J. Carhart, of NewYork,for the
extension of a patent.
Petition of Charles A. Pitcher, praying for
compensation for the use of a valuable patent
belonging to the petitioner for the manufac-
ture of brooms in the penitentiary in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
polly iicnt.
Mr. JENCKES, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (S. No. 260) for the relief
of Polly Hunt, administratrix, and George W.
Hcnt, administrator of the estate of Walter
Hunt, deceased.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Com-
missioner of Patents to rehear and determine
the application of Polly Hunt, administratrix,
and George W. Hunt, administrator of the es-
tate of Walter Hunt, deceased, for the exten-
tion of certain reissues of a patent for the manu-
facture of paper collars issued on the 25th day
of July, 1854, which reissues are dated and
numbered as follows: November 29,1864, No.
1828; February 7, 1865, No. 1887; April,
1865, No. 1926 ; July 10, 1866, No. 4306 ; and
July 29, 1866, No. 2307, upon the evidence, in
the same manner and with the same effect as
if it were an original application made within
the time prescribed by law for extensions, be-
fore the Commissioner of Patents, and as if
no hearing thereof had ever occurred. In case
the extension shall be granted, neither the ad-
ministratrix or administrator, nor any person
or persons claiming under them or either of
them, are to recover damages for infringements
between the date of the expiration of the ori-
ginal patents and the date of the extensions.
Mr. JENCKES. The committee were satis-
fied that in this case there had been no hear-
ing before the Commissioner of Patents, but
simply an order for a hearing. I call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time. It was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. JEN CKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was. agreed to.
ELIZABETH N. JACKSON.
Mr. CALKIN, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1488) for the
relief of Elizabeth N. Jackson; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorises and em-
powers the Commissioner of Patents to pro-
ceed upon, hear, determine, and decide; the
application of Elizabeth N. Jackson, adminis-
tratrix of the estate of Timothy D. Jackson,
deceased, for an extension of letters-patent of
the United States for the term of seven years,
for an improved annunciator or bell-tele-
fraph, or improvements therein, for hotels,
;c., granted to said Timothy D. Jackson and
others, and bearing date on the 26th day of
December, 1848, aud extended for seven years
by the Commissioner of Patents from and after
the expiration of the first term thereof, namely,
from and after the 17th day of October, 1860,
the original of which patent was granted to
said Timothy D. Jackson, and bore date on
the 17th day of October, 1846, the same as
though said reissued patent had not been once
extended; and the said Commissioner shall
examine the said application' and decide upon
the same on like evidence and proceedings as
in other cases where extensions of patents are
applied for, and without regard to the time
when said application is made, provided that
no person who may have made or used said
"annunciator" after the expiration of said
letters-patent and before an extension thereof
shall be granted by said Commissioner shall
be liable to any action or damage therefor
and may continue the use thereof.
Mr. PAINE. I would like to hear the
report.
The report was read. It states that the com-
mittee, having fully and carefully considered
the application for a further extension of tms
patent, were unanimously of opinion that the
prayer of the petitioner should be allowed ;_and
goes on to state tbe facts on which the committee
based their opinion.
Mr. CALKIN. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. CALKIN moved to reconsider the rote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOIIN THOMPSON.
Mr. MYERS, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1489) to enable
John Thompson, executor of Thomas Thomp-
son, deceased, to make application for exten-
sion of letters-patent for an improved machine
for folding paper; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill proposes to grant leave to John
Thompson, executor of Thomas Thompson,
deceased, to make application to the Com-
missioner of Patents for extension of the let-
ters-patent granted to Thomas Thompson, for
an improved machine for folding paper, on
the 12th day of February, 1856, for fourteen
years, in the same manner as if the petition for
the said extension had been filed at least ninety
days before the expiration of said patent. The
Commissioner is authorized to consider and
determine the said application in the same
manner as if it had been filed ninety days prior
to the expiration of said patent, and with the
same effect as if it had been regularly filed and
acted on under the existing law. It is pro-
vided, however, that any such extension shall
not affect the right to continue to use the said
machine of any persons who since the 12th day
of February, 1870, and prior to the approval
of this act, may have procured and at the time
ofsuch approval shall be using the said machine.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
would ask the gentleman who reports this bill
how long the patent is to be extended?
Mr. MYERS. It is not an actual extension.
It is to correct an error.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. As
I understand the bill the patent ha? already
run fourteen years, aud it is proposed to ex-
tend it fourteen years longer.
Mr. MYERS. This is one of several bills
to correct errors. The law requires that when-
ever a party wishes to apply to tbe Patent
Office for an extension of a patent ninety days'
notice of the application must be given. In
some instances through ignorance, and in some
through the mislaying of papers, the parties
do not give that notice. There are several bills
here to correct errors in cases where the par-
ties allowed a few days to expire before giving
the notice, and this is one of the®. The party
had allowed eighteen days to expire, but still
gave sixty days' notice.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. And the
proposed extension is only for seven years.
Mr. MYERS. That is all.
Mr. PAINE. I understood the gentleman
to say, in answer to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Washburn,] that this bill pro-
posed to allow an application for an extension
of seven years.
Mr. MYERS. That is all.
Mr. PAINE. I think the gentleman must
be mistaken. I ask that the bill be again read.
As I understand it it provides for an applica-
tion for an extension of fourteen years.
Mr. MYERS. No; that is impossible. The
law does not permit it.
The bill was again read.
Mr. HOAR. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania a question. I notice
that there are bills reported by the committee
in various forms. In some of them the pro-
vision is that there shall be no suits for dam-
ages for infringements. In others, as in this
case, there is a provision that any person who
has acquired a machine may use it. Now, I
desire to ask some member of the Committee
