2830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
Let us have, I repeat, one week of business,
aud then we will come back fresh for bash when
the Georgia bill comes back to us from the
House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Massachusetts to
object. The motion to take a recess would be
in order, but the Chair thinks the motion for
an evening session for certain business is in the
nature of a resolution and requires unanimous
consent. Is there objection?
Several Senators. There is.
Mr. HARLAN. I am willing to have an
evening session, but not willing to assign the
evening for any special purpose.
Mr. COLE. I think if the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce would consent to set
apart next Saturday for the consideration of
business from that committee it would be agreed
to. There is, as stated by him, a good deal of
very important business before that committee ;
but there will be a great deal of reluctance
about coming here to-night after having been
here until two or three o'clock this morning.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will accept that propo-
sition, but I should like to state that 1 have
two or three bills that will take a long time to
read, yet there will be no objection to them.
One is for settling the details for the enlist-
ment of seamen, which is very important.
Petitions came here from California and from
the Atlantic coast for its passage. There are
sixty-seven sections in the bill and it will take
nearly two hours for its reading. I thought I
would take up that bill to-night and have it
read; but if there was any objection I would
not ask to have it considered. I do not ask
anybody to come here but myself, unless gen-
tlemen desire to come.
Several Senators. That is very kind !
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition to assign Saturday to
the consideration of bills from the Committee
on Commerce?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I objeot to any
special order until I can be heard on the ques-
tion of the appropriation bills.
LEGISLATURE OF OHIO.
Mr. SHERMAN. The General Assembly
of the State of Ohio is here in a body, and I
am told that, according to precedent and ac-
cording to the action of the House of Repre-
sentatives yesterday, the courtesies of the floor
are usually extended under such circumstances.
I move, therefore, that the usual courtesy of
the floor be allowed to the members of that
body to-day. I confine it to to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will be done.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TIPTON presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Nebraska, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a semi-weeklv mail route from
Brownsville, Nebraska, to Marysville, Kan-
sas ; also, from Pawnee City to Beatrice, in
Nebraska; also, the establishment of a daily
mail route from Peru to Nebraska City, in that
State; also, from Rulo, Nebraska, to Bigelow,
Missouri; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Nebraska, in favor of the establish-
ment of a postal telegraph system ; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Nebraska, in favor of the establish-
ment of a daily mail between Lincoln and
Beatrice, in that State; which were referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the memorial of a
very large number of farmers, mechanics, and
laboring men—I presume over one thousand—
of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, setting forth
that " they regret to learn that efforts are being
made to induce your honorable body to change
the present tariff laws so as to assess duties
for revenue only, without regard to the princi-
ple of protection." They give many reasons
why it should not be done. They conclude
their memorial by urging " that the true policy
for Congress to pursue in any adjustment of
the tariff is to arrange the duties so as to afford
ample protection to domestic manufactures."
I move the reference of this memorial to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I present the memorial of
Cyrus W. Field, of New York, relative to
interoceanie telegraphic communication. As
I have been requested to present a bill which
embraces this matter, coming from the same
source, I move that this petition be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, to
which committee I shall ask to have the bill
also referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
of John H. Benham, jr., second lieutenant
eleventh United States infantry, praying pay-
ment for property destroyed by tire while in
the service; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of
Alexander G. Davis, of Loudon county, Vir-
ginia, praying remuneration for certain losses
sustained by him during the war; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Pan-
tha Paxton, widow of George McKinney, de-
ceased, and others, widows of soldiers of the
war of 1812, praying the enactment of a law
granting pensions to them, and also praying
for the passage of a law granting pensions to
the old soldiers of the war oF 181i3 5 which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CORBETT presented the petition of
GeorgcR. Wilson, superintendent of machinery
in the Washington navy-yard, praying compen-
sation for his invention of an improvement in
gun-carriages; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
James S. Purdy, praying compensation for
property taken and destroyed by United States
troops during the late war; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ABBOTT presented the petitions of J.
Daingerfield Bofleld, John H. Darrill, Lewson
Chase, John W. Callis, James R. Barrick, Hol-
land Walker, Moses J. M. Walker, Joseph G.
Mittert, Martin. Pratt, and David B. Bill, of
Virginia, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented the petition of Robert
Mayo, of Richmond, Virginia, indorsed by
General II. Paine and others, praying the
removal of his political disabilities ; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. ABBOTT. I also present a list of names
handed me by my colleague, Mr. Joxes, of
the House, who has received numerous peti-
tions for the removal of disabilities, and he
has handed me a list of them to be presented
to the Senate. I move that this list be referred
to the solect Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, presented the
petitions of N. C. Williams, E. G. Jackson,
Nathan L. Stratton, 0. K. Tuton, Charles
Brann, W. Powars, D. H. L. Hogg, J. R.
Bushson, T. J. Jennings, T. J. Newman, I.
P. Stevenson, N. C. Raymond, Fully Kemp,
Hugh C. Mclntyre, I. C. Gibson, R. E. B.
Baylor, William D. Wood, J. D. Grant, A. J.
Jackson, and 0. Crozier, of Texas, praying
the removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Annie
P. Ross, daughter and executrix of William P.
Ross, successor and executor of John Ross,
deceased, late principal chief of the Cherokee
nation, praying for compensation for losses sus-
tained in the destruction, abstraction, and
appropriation of the property of the deceased
during the war of the rebellion, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 174) to extend the time
for the completion of the military road from Fort
Wilkins, Copper Harbor, Keweenaw county,
in the State, of Michigan, to Fort Howard,
Green Bay, in the State of Wisconsin, have had
the same under consideration, and directed me
to report it back with a recommendation that
it pass, with an amendment. As this is a small
bill which requires immediate action I venture
to ask the unanimous consent of the Senate
to pass it now. There will not be a word
of objection to it. It is simply a question of
extending the time to a contractor to finish the
work.
Mr. FERRY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. * The bill will be
placed 011 the Calendar.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Matilda
K. Page and others, praying indemnity for
losses sustained by improvements in the Ken-
nebec river at Hallowell, Maine, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that the petitioners have leave to withdraw
their petition and papers; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the regent and
curators of Kentucky University, praying com-
pensation for loss of medical apparatus and
for the destruction of property by fire, May
22, 1863. while the building was occupied as a
hospital for United States troops, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 818) for
the relief of the Kentucky University.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 393) to aid in the construction of the
Omaha and Northwestern railroad and tele-
graph line from Omaha, via the mouth of
Niobrara river, to Fort Berthold, Dakota Ter-
ritory, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
547) for the relief of Mrs. Sarah Hutchins,
submitted an adverse report, and moved the
indefinite postponement of the bill.
The bill was indefinitely postponed, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 858) for the relief of Charles C. Me-
Creary, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Sarah A.
R. Lord, praying compensation for cotton seized
by Captain George E. Alden, reported adversely
thereon, and asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
^ Mr. McDONALD, from the Committee on
Territories, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 782) to annul a portion of a certain statute
of the Territory of New Mexico, reported it
without amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FENTON. I ask consent to introduce
a bill to incorporate the Pacific Submarine
Cable Company, an<J to facilitate telegraphic
communication between America and Asia.
Mr. SUMNER. I inquire of the Senator
whether that bill has not beeu already intro-
duced ?
Mr. FENTON. Icannotsay. Iwasrequested
by the parties in interest to introduce the bill;
