574
THI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!.
January119,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Missouri withdraw his motion ?
Mr. DRAKE. I.bave no objection in order
to-accommodate theviews of the Senatorfrom
Vermont to withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senattfr
from Massachusetts withdraw his motion also?
Mr. WILSON. If we can have a vote, I
withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Either Senator'
of course can renew his motion. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll on
the amendment of Mr. Edmunds, which was
to add to the bill the following proviso:
Provided, That before any memberof the Legisla-
ture of said State shall take or resume his seat, or any
offioer of said State shall enter upon the duties of his
office, he shall take, subsoribe, and file intheofficeof
the secretary of State of Virginia for permanent pres-
ervation an oathin the form following: "I, -,
do solemnly swear that I have never taken aji oath
asamcmber of Congress, or as an officer of the umted
States, or as a member of any State Legislature, or
as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to
support tho Constitution of tho United States, and
afterward engaged in insurrection or rebellion against
the same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies
thereof: so help me God:" or such person shall in
like manner take, subscribe, and file the following
oath: "1. , do solemnly swear that I have,
by act of Congress of the United States, been relieved
from the disabilities imposed upon me by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the United
States; so help me 0od;" which oathsshall be taken
before and certified by any officer lawfully author-
ized to administer oaths. And any person who shall
knowingly swear falsely in taking either of such
oaths shall be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall bo
punished therefor by imprisonment not less than one
year and not more than ten years, and shall be fined
not less than $1,000 and not more than $10,000. And in
all trials for any violation of this resolution the eertif-
icateof the taking of either of said oaths,with proof
of the signature of the party accused, shall be taken
and held-as conclusive evidence that such oath
was regularly and lawfully administered by com-
petent authority: And provided further, That every
person who shall neglect for the period of thirty days
next after the passage of this resolution to take, sub-
scribe, and file such oath as aforesaid shall bedeemed
and taken, to all intents and purposes, to have vacated
his office.
When the first call of the roll had been con-
cluded,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, (who had at first
voted in the negative.) As the Committee on
the Judiciary do not stand by the bill I will
not stand by it. I vote "yea."
Mr. NYE, (who had at first voted in the
negative.) Seeing that the Judiciary Commit-
tee desert their ground, which I have been
standing by, I vote " yea." When my leaders
fail, I want to back out myself. [Laughter.]
The result was announced—yeas 45, nays
16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham,Cameron,Carpenter,Chand-
ler, Cole. Conkling. Corbett, Cragin, Drake, Ed-
munds, Kenton, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris,
Howard, Howe, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Nye. Osborn, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Piatt, Itamsey, Itico, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Sumner, Thayer,
Tipton, Warner, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—45.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis, Ferry,
Fowler, Hamilton, Kellogg, MoCreery, Norton, Ross,
Saulsbury, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull,
and Vickers—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Pool, Sprague, and
Y ates—4.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the sec-
tion :
The first clause of this act shall take effect on the
1st day of March, 1870, and the residue thereof on its
passage.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have an
explanation of that amendment. What does it
mean?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It means this: that the
Senators and Representativesfrom that State,
under this act, will not be entitled to be sworn
in here until the 1st day of March, and that
the taking of the oaths'required by the State
officers and the Legislature will go on immedi-
ately, so that by the time named the whole
thing will be complete, and we shall be saved
from all possible fear that many Senators en-
tertain, that this Legislature will as soon as the
State is admitted recede from her ratification.
In the mean time , the other States will have
ratified, and the whole thing will be done. I
was in hopes that that would compose opinions
and settle disputes. '
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment, as I
understand it, simply means that Virginia is a
State in the Union, but she is not entitled to
representation. If the Senate can pass such a
bill as that, declaring that she is entitled to
representation and that she shall not have it,
then I propose they will adopt this amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That undoubtedly is a
sufficient reason to my friend from Illinois, who
seems determined to vote "no" on everything,
for voting "no" on this, and I hope he will
stick to his determination; but the amendment
does not mean anything of the kind. It is the
usual provision postponing to a period that the
law-making power chooses to fix the time for
an act or for a provision of an act taking effect,
and until it does take effect the clause which
says she is entitled to representation is not the
law, and therefore we do not assert that she is
entitled to representation now. It is in effect
asserting and in words asserting, if my friend
will look at it for a moment, that on the 1st of
March the State of Virginia will be entitled to
have her Senators and Representatives come
into these Chambers exactly as in the case of
the admission of new States, and my own was
one of them. The act admitting Vermont
declared prospectively, although she had been
a State in the Union in the sense that Virginia
is now for years, that she should be entitled to
admission by her Senators and Representatives
on the 4th of March following, two or three
months after the passage of the act. There is
nothing so very unusual in this as my friend
supposes; for if he will condescend to look
into the statutes, as I know he sometimes does,
he will find that it is o.ne of the most usual
processes of legislation.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ver-
mont thinks the Senatorfrom Illinois does not
like amendments. Now, for the benefit of
those of us who share the fondness of the Sen-
ator from Vermont for amendments, I should
like to ask him a question. I understand the
postponement to the 1st of March to be for the
purpose of affecting the possibility of Virginia's
withdrawing her assent to the fifteenth amend-
ment. Am I right in that ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not understand the
question.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ver-
mont does not understand the question. That
is my fauk of course, and therefore I will state
it otherwise. The purpose of this postpone-
ment, I infer, is to guard against the liability
of Virginia's withdrawing her assent to the fif-
teenth amendment. Does the Senator from
Vermont understand that question ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; the Senator
from Vermont is able to understand that.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, is the Senator able
and willing to answer it ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Entirely. That is one
purpose.
Mr. CONKLING.
pose?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. CONKLING. Will not the Senator
reveal the other purpose, unless it is a purpose
which does not in its nature bear the light of
day ? [Laughter. ]
Mr. EDMUNDS. At the expense of violat-
ing the rule—I have now spoken twice on this
very amendment——
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator is occupy-
ing my time, and therefore what he says now
will not be counted against him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot possibly occupy
my friend's station ; I could not attain to that.
The other purpose, if my friend will allow me
to state it, is a purpose which I am sure he will
appreciate from the sweetness of his disposi-4
Is there any other pur-
tion: and that is, to endeavor to produce peace
upon some middle ground. There are a large
number of Senators who sincerely believe
that this bill ought not to pass now in any form.
There are others, composing entirely the body
of * our Democratic friends and a considerable
body of trusted friends of our own, who believe
that Virginia ought to be admitted without any
condition or qualification or limitation or oath
of any kind. There are others of us who,
feeling some of the fears and some of the hopes
that our friends on both sides feel, are never-
tireless .willing to adopt a middle ground, which,
in legislation that merely refers to expediency
one always must, in the hope of concentrating
opinion, averaging opinions, and composing
this disputed question.
That is the other purpose; and I am sure I
think it not an unreasonable one, to divide the
difference between those who assert that we
ought not to do anything and those who. assert
that we ought to take it at a jump by having this
act take effect at the period of time I have
named or some other short period; because it
has been stated, my friend cannot have forgot-
ten, and stated sincerely, that many Senators
really fear that if we were to admit Virginia
to-day with her Senators and Representatives,
and the thing were complete before Nebraska
can come to the rescue the week after next,
Virginia, finding the ,opportunity to withdraw,
would withdraw, and thus precipitate upon us
a question that we do not want to discuss.
That is the reason; and I state it in all frank-
ness to my friend from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make my ac-
knowledgments to the Senator for the great
clearness with which he answers the question.
If I understand him, there is a first reason,
which I stated ; and then there is, as a second
reason, the fact that although there is no other
reason certain Senators might see one, and
therefore would come together and thus har-
monize upon the amendment. That is what it
comes to. He is unable to specify any reason
except the one I suggested to him, but lie thinks
the effect of the amendment would be to enable
Senators to vote together who would not other-
wise do so. I shall assume that those who vote
for this amendment will have some reason in
substance for doing it, and therefore I beg
to make this'suggestion: assuming for the
purpose of the argument that Virginia would
have a right or the pretension of a right to
withdraw her ratification of the fifteenth amend-
ment, how is she prevented from doing it by the
fact that her Senators are not to come here
until the 1st of March? How does the validity
or invalidity of such a withdrawal hinge at all
upon the circumstance that her Senators on
one day rather than on another day are to be ad-
mitted to this Chamber? The question which
would be held in reserve would be the elec-
tion, qualification, and return of those Sen-
ators, because the act provides that it shall take
effect on that day: Now, before we hare thus
passed upon the qualification of Senators, why
would it be, how would it result, I inquire, that
Virginia would have any more right or ally
less right to call back her ratification than if
in truth on the day when she did it her Senators
were sitting here?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you ask me?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly I ask the Sen-
ator, as he is the fountain of light on this and
other subjects.
Mr. EDMLTNDS. I am sorry that I am
not able to impart it so that my friend will
perceive it. It would not affect the question
of the right of Virginia to withdraw her rati-
fication or to uphold the amendment; but if
Virginia should attempt to do what we main-
tain to be a nugatory, illegal, and unconsti-
tutional act between now and the 1st day of
March it would be within the competence of
the Congress of the United States to repeal
an act which had never taken effect or gone
into effect, and thus prevent her from taking
any benefit by her treachery.
