1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3775
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I now move
to strike out the word "Tunstall" where it
occurs in liue seventy-seven.
Mr. KELSEY. I think that had better be
stricken out; it was only intended to provide
lor one.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER. I move to strike out "Fort
Kiii*." It is not far from Buffalo, and I can-
not possibly see what necessity there can be
for our having a consul there.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PROSSER. I move, in line seventy-
four, to strike out "St. Helena."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. Under the heading of com-
mercial agencies, schedule B, I move to strike *
out "Madagascar;" and I do that, Mr. Chair-
man, for the purpose of saying that it seems to
me it, is not worth our while to extend our com-
mercial relations beyond a point where we can
afford complete protection to our own people
and our own commerce. And on that idea,
nnd not intending to be out of order, I wish to
Bay to my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] that I am not disposed to believe lie j
is either ignorant or would stoop to willful j
deception. I do not propose these alterna- |
tivea so far as he i3 concerned; but. I certainly 1
am at a loss sometimes to understand how it
is that with his intelligence and his veracity
he should make certain statements. He made
a statement that there were two hundred and
seven vessels in our Navy, implying in the
strongest possible terms that these were war
vessels, and the Navy Department was accord-
ingly responsible for notsending some ot' these
two hundred and seven war vessels on active
service for the protection of our citizens and
our commerce. I believe the number is one
hundred and eighty-five; but I do uot take
issue on that. There are thirty-three of the
number mere tug-boats, so called, about our
navy-yards doing harbor duty, and which are
of no account for war purposes. These, there-
fore, are to be deducted from the total number
of vessels. Besides, there are twenty-four mon-
itors—monitors never completed, rejected as
soon as completed, some of which even could
uot bear their turrets.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a point of order.
I feel that I most make the point of order on
the gentleman from California that he is not
discussing the merits of the pending propo-
sition to this bill.
Mr. SARGENT. The Chair has heard my
remarks and the theory upon which I have
been submitting them. I move to strike out
Madagascar from the list of commercial agen-
cies on the ground that Madagascar is a far
distant point and we have not made such pro-
vision for our Navy at this time as will enable
as properly to protect our commercial relations
in that far-off place. I am trying to show, in
reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
that our Navy is not. so extensive as he has
stated it to be. And now, to continue where I
left off. These twenty-four monitors have also
to be deducted from the whole number of ves-
sels. We could not send them to Cuba or any-
where else. There are some eighteen wooden
vessels now used as receiving-ships, some of
them as storeships, and a lew of them as
school-ships. These also are to be deducted.
Mr. KELSEY. I insist on my point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not necessary to
launch into a general discussion of our Navy
at the present time on the pending proposition.
Mr. SARGENT. I cannot say that I am
obliged to my colleague on the Committee on
Appropriations for preveuting me from saying
a few words in reolv to the gentlemau from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr KELSEY. I am compelllp to make
the point of order in order to get through with
tlu- bill. .
Mr. SARGENT. I am prepared to show
that the statement of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts was incorrect from the beginning to
the end.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes sixteen, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to read the next para- -
graph.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out " San
Domingo."
Mr. KELSEY. I make the point of order
that the gentleman's motion comes too late,
as we have passed that paragraph.
Mr. COX. I rose as soon as I could, and I
do not approve of these parliamentary tricks
to preclude consideration and action of the i
committee.
Mr. FOX. If the paragraph was read it
could not have been heard, as there was so
much confusion in the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from New York insist on his point of order?
Mr. KELSEY. I must do so or I will never
get through with the bill.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move in
line ninety-four, under the heading " com- ,
mercia agencies, schedule C," to strike out
"Lanthala." That place is not in my geo- ,
graphical gazetteer. There may be a typo-
graphical error. |
Mr. KELSEY. I do not know whether the
place is in the gentleman'sgeography; butitis
in the document which I have before me, and .
is recognized by the State Department.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is it not a
misprint?
Mr. KELSEY. I think not.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. As the gen-
tleman thinks the paragraph is all right I with-
draw the amendment. 1
The Clerk read as follows:
For expenses for interpreters, guards, and other
matters, at thcconsulatesat Constantinople, Smyrna,
Candia, Alexandria, and Beirut, in the Turkish
dominions, $3,000.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "Alexandria, " in the para-
graph just read, the word "Jerusalem," which
j has accidentally been omitted.
| Mr. BROOKS, of New York. We already
have a consulate at Jerusalem. Is this for an
interpreter besides?
Mr. KELSEY. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend by adding
j to the paragraph just read the iollowing:
Sec.—. And be it further enact ed,T hat the President
is authorized,on the recommendation of thebecretary
of the Treasury, to cause examinations to be made
into the accounts of the consular officers of the Uni-
ted States, and into all matters connected with the
business of their said offices, and to that end he may
, appoint such agent or agents as may be necessary
for that purpose: and any agent when so appointed
shall, for the purpose of making said examinations,
have authority to administer oaths and take testi-
mony, and shall have access to all the books and
papers of all consular officers. And any agont ap-
I pointed in this behalf shall be paid for his services
a just and reasonable compensation, in addition to
! his actual necessary expenses, the same to be paid
out of the sum appropriated for consular salaries, but
' no greater sum than $10,000 shall bo expended as
i compensation of such agent or agents in any one
, year. And the President shall communicate to Con-
i gress at the commencement ot every December ses-
! sion the names of the agents so appointed, and the
1 amount paid to each, together with the reports of
! such agents. And any agent or agents appointed
! under this section shall receive an annual salary or
! #5,000. in addition to the expenses heretofore al-
i lowed, the same to be paid out of the suin appropri-
ated for consular salaries.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this with the consent
of the committee. A similar provision was in
| the last appropriation bill, the amount appro-
1 priated being $5,000. The committee were
of the opinion that the provision then made
was a continuous apnropiiation; but that seems
not to be the view of'the Secretary of the treas-
ury Hence we have offered the proposition
to be inserted in this bill; hut we make the
amount $10,000 instead of $5,000. I send to
the Clerk's desk a letter on the subject from
the Secretory of the Treasury.
Mr. MAYNA,RD. I raise the point of order
that this amendment proposes new legislation,
not in order in an appropriation bill. I under-
stand there is a general consular bill, to which
this would be germane.
Mr. LOGAN. I will say to the gentleman
that a provision of this kind was attached to
the last diplomatic and consular bill. The
committee consider that a permanent provis-
ion; but the Secretary of the Treasury does
not so regard it.
Mr. MAYNARD. As this provision is asked
for by the Secretary of the Treasury, I will not
press my point of order.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the Clerk to read a
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury which
will show the importance of the proposition I
have submitted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office of the Secretary, March 24,1870.
Sir : The act of 1869 making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic service for the year ending
June 30, i870, and lor other purposes, appropriated
(see section four) $5,000 as compensation to such agent
or agents as might be appointed by tho President
for tho examination of tho accounts of consular offi-
cers of tlie United States and other matters connected
with the business of slid offices.
Under this authority General F. A. Starring wag
nppointed to visit the consular offices in France and
Belgium. His report was communicated to the Sen-
ate, and is among the documents printed by author-
ity of that body. I have not a copy at hand which I
can transmit to you, but you can undoubtedly obtain
it. I have no doubt that the examination made by
him has been of great value, both in the results com-
municated in his report and in tho influence which
such an cxaininatioa is calculated to have upon the
administration of consular afiairs. It has long been
the opinion of tho accounting officers in the Treasury
Department that great irregularities exist in the
consular offices of the East, and that the Govern-;
ment is annually defrauded of considerable sums of
1 money.
I respectfully suggest to the Committee on Appro-
priations tho expediency of making such an appro-
priation as will enable the President to appoint lino
or two such agents, who shall be charged with tho
' examination of the consular offices in China, Japa n,
the Bast Indies, and the Sandwich Islands. Ihe
impropriation for that purposo should be, I think,
not less tnan 115,000.
The expenses incurred under the act ot looy
i amounted to $3,473 01.
i! Very r°SPeCtfUUy' GEORGE S. BOUTWELL.
\ j Secretary.
] P. S. I am able to inclose aoopy of General Siar-
; ring's report. g S B
I Hon. II. L. Dawes, Chairman of the Committee on
j Appropriations, House of lleprenentatives.
I Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend the amend-
ii ment of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
i| Logan] so as to reduce the amount of the
: appropriation to $5,000. I think myself, and
such was the opinion of the majority of the
committee, that the law as it now stands con-
' tains a permanent appropriation of $5,000 a
year. 1 send to the Clerk section four of the
act of March 3,' 1869, that it may be read,
ij It will be observed that it is a permanent
: appropriation, payable out of the revenues of
the Government.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent is authorized, on tho recommendation of tho
Secretary of the Treasury, to causa examinations to
be made into tho aceounts of the consular otticers ot
the United States, andinto all matters counected with
the business of their said offices, and to that end he
may appoint such agent or agents as may be necessary
for that purpose; and any agent, when so appointed,
shall, for the purposo of making said examinations,
have authority to administer oaths and take testi-
mony, and shall have access to all the books and
papers of all chnsultfr offices. And any agent ap-
pointed in this behalf shall be paid for his services
a just and reasonable compensation, not exceeding
fivo dollars per day for the time necossarily em-
ployed, in addition to his actual necossary expenses,
the same to be paid out of the sum appropriated lor
expenses of collecting the revenue, but no greater
sum than $5,000 shall be exponded as compensation
of such agent or agents in any one year. Ami tuo
President shall communicate to Oongressat the com-
mencement of every December session the names ot
the agents so appointed anil the amount paid to
each, together with the reports of such agents.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the amendment of
the gentleman from New York will not be
