1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5663
table, for the reason tliat this proposed legis-
lation is too hasty.
Mr, NEGLEY. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
The SPEAKER. That is the motion of the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Cleve-
land.]
Mr. McNEELY. I call for the yeas and
iTays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 72, nays 96, not voting
02 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Axtell, Ayer,
Banks, Barnum, Benton, Biggs, Bird, Boles, James
Brooks, Back, Buckley, Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Cleve-
land. Covode.Oowles, Oullom, Dawes, Dickey, Dix-
on, Donley, JFcrriss, Fox, Gotz, Gilfillan, G-riswold,
Uili, Jcnckcs, Thomas L. Jones, Kelley, Kellogg,
Ivol&ey, Lynch, Maynard,McGrew, McKenzie, Mer-
cur, Milnes, Daniel J. Morrell. Samuel P. Morrill,
Myers, Negley,O'Neill,Packer,Peck, Peters, Phelps,
I'd land, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Sanl'ord, Sar-
Scolield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Starkweather,
Stiles, Strong, Tafie, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Town-
send, Trimble, Van Wyck, AVard, William 1}.Wash-
burn, and Woodward—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Asper,
A twood, Barry, Beatty,Beck, Bingham, Blair,George
M.Brooks, Burchard, Burdett, I3urr, Benjamin If.
Bu tier, William T.Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb,
Coburn, Conger,Conner, Cox, Crebs, Davis, Degener,
Dickinson, Duval, Eldridge, Parosworth, Perry,
Finkelnburg, Fitch, Garfield, Ilambleton, Hamill,
HarrK Hawkins, Hay,Hays, ileflin.llolman,Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Johnson, Judd, Julian, Kerr,
Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Lewis,
Logan,Loughridge, McCarthy,McCormiek.McOrary,
McKee,McNeeJy.Eliakim H. Moore, Morphis, Mim-
gen, Niblack.Orth. Packard, Paine, Palmer, Perce,
Porter, Prosser, Roots, Sawyer, Schenck. Shanks,
Porter Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, William Smyth, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stone, Strickland, Swann, Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
Welker, Whituiore, Willard, Williams, JohnT. Wil-
son, and Witcher—96.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Bailey,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bennett. Booker, Bowen, Boyd,
Buffiaton, Roderick R. Butler, Churchill, Clinton
L. Cobb, Cook, Dnrrall, Dockery, Dox, Dyer, Ela,
fisher, Gibson, Kaiglit, Haldeman. Hale, Hamilton,
Flawley, Hoar, Hoge, Alexander II. Jones, Knott,
Marshall, Mayham, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore,
Morgan. Morrissey,Newsham,Platt,Pomeroy,Ridg-
way, Rogers, Schumaker, Sherrod, Shober, Joseph S.
Siiiiih, Worthington C. Smith, Stoughton, Strader,
Sweeney, Van ^.uken,Van Horn, Van Trump, Voor-
hee?, Wallace* Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wells.
Wheeler, Wilkinson, Eiigono M. Wilson, Winans,
Winchester, and Wood—62.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. I3EAT1% from the Committee on En-
rolled Biils, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An'act (H. R. No. 2413) making appropri-
ations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, aud for fulfilling
treaty stipulations (so called) with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June SO, 1871,
and for other purposes.
KEGISTKY OF FOREIGN-BUILT VESSELS.
The question recurred on the demand of Mr.
Blair for the previous question upon the report
of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. COBURN. Before the previous ques-
tion is ordered, I ask the gentleman to yield
to me, that I may move an amendment, to add
to the bill proposed by the minority of the
committee the following:
And it shall bo lawful hereafter to import, free of
duty, all materials necessary to be used in the con-
struction of such ships.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Blair] yield for this amend-
ment?
Mr. BLAIR. I do not.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I have two amend-
ments which I desire to offer; but the geutle-
man^refuses to yield to me or to allow me to
say a word.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. _ I wish to
inquire of the Chair whether there is any busi-
ness of importance now pending except this
question?
#- The SPEAKER, The Chair is not the
arbiter as to the importance of business com-
ing before the House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move that
the House now adjonrn.
On the motion, there were-i:aye858noes 92.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Allison, and
Mr. Moriull of Maine, were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 42, noes 73.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, the bill (H. R.
No. 871) granting to the Utah Central Rail-
road Company the right of way through the
public lands for the construction of a railroad
and telegraph.
notification to tiie president.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That there be appointed a committee of
three members of the House, to join such committee
of the Senate as they may appoint, to wait upon tho
President and inform him that if he has no further
communication to make the two Houses are ready
to adjourn.
The resolution was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced as the commit-
tee on the part of the House Mr. Dawes, Mr.
Schekck, and Mr. Cox.
adjournment.
The question was taken on the motion to
adjourn; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 19, nays 132, not voting 79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biggs, Boles, James Brooks, Cal-
kin, Cleveland, Eldridge, Fox, Gotz, Thomas_ L.
Jones, McNeely, Alungen, Peters. Kandall, Rice,
Sanford, Stiles, Trimble, Ward, and Woodward—ID.
IN"A YS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Beatty,
Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham. Bird, Blair,
Boyd, Buck,Buckley, Burchard, Barr, Cake, William
T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Con-
ger, Covode, Cowles, Crebs, Cullom, Davis, Dawes,
Degener, Dickey, Dickinson, Donley, Duval. Saras-
worth. Ferriss, 1'erry, Kmkelnburg, Fitch, Garfield,
Gilfillnn, Ilambleton, Hawkins, Hay, Hays, Iloflm,
Hill, Holman, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes. John-
son, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Iielsey, Kerr,
Ketcham, Laflm, Lash, Lawrence, Lewis, Logan,
Loughridgc, Lynch, Mayham, JIaynard, MeCor-
mick, McCrary, McGrew. McKee. McKenzie, Mer-
cur, Milnes, Eliakim U. Moore, Morphis, Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, Niblaek,
O'Neill. Orth, Packard, Packer, Paino, Palmer,
Peck, Perce, Phelps, Poland, Porter, Potter, Pros-
ser, Boots, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Seoiield,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, PortcrSheldon, Slocum,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Strick-
land, Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Townseml,
Twiohell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Wi'liam Ti.
Washburn, Welker, Whitmore, Willard, Williams,
John T. Wilson, anrt Witcher—132.
NOT VOTING—Messr3. Adams, Archer, Bailey,
Banks, Barrmm, Barry. Beaman. Bennett, Booker,
Bowen, GeorgeM. Brooks, Butxmton, Burdett, Ben-
jamin Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Oe>sna, Church-
ill, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner, Cook, Cox, Ibirrall,
Dixon, Dockery, Dox, Dyer, Ela, Fisher, Gibson,
Griswold, Haight, Haldeman, Hale, Hamill, Ham-
ilton, llairis, Hawley, Iloar, Iloge, Hooper, Alex-
ander H.Jones. Knapp, Knott, Marshall, McOaithy,
Jesse H. Moore, William .Moore, Morgan. Morris-
sey, Newsham, Piatt, Pomeroy, Reeves, Ridgway,
Rogers, Schumaker, Sherrod, Shober, Joseph to.
Smith, Worthington 0. Smith, Stone, Stoughton,
Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Tillman, VanAuken, V an
Trump, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Wallace, Cadwalader
C Washburn, Wells. Wheeler, Wilkinson. Eugene
M. Wilson, Winans, Winchester, and WoodWO.
So the House refused to adjourn.
message from tiie president.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Horace Pokteii,
one of his secretaries, notifying the House that
he had approved and signed a bill (II. II. No.
2408) making appropriations for the current
aud contingent expensus of the_Indian depart-
ment and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
the various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 80, 1871, and for other purposes.
MESSAGES PROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Stmpsost, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had appointed a com-
mittee, consisting of.two members, to join such
committee as might be appointed on the part
of the House, to wait upon the President, to
inform him that unless he may have some fur-
ther communication to make, the two Houses
are ready to close their session, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Wm.sok and Mr. Casseblyos such
committee on their part.
A further message was received from the
Senate, by Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, notify-
ing the House that that body had passed bills
of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 2416) donating Chattahoo-
chee arsenal to the State of Florida, for educa-
tional purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 228) to enlarge the juris-
diction of the probate court in Idaho Territory.
mexican commission.
Mr. NEGLEY,by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution ; which was read, con
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State of the United
States bo directed to report to Congress, at its next
session, the proceedings of the board of commis-
sioners under the several treaties made and entered
into between Mexico and theUnited States, namely:
April 11,1839; November 20,1843, and 2d February,
18-18 ; also, the proceedings of the commissioners of
the said board under the said treaties in the cases of
the Union Land Company, tho Trinity Land Com-
pany, G. L. Thompson, andothers; also the testimony
supporting said claims, together with a copy of tho
minutes, with the opinions of the commissioners and
tho awards made thereon, if not incompatible with
the pub] ir: interests.
amendments to tiie constitution.
Mr. STILES. Mr. Speaker, I tried a few
days since to get the floor to say a few words
on the bill to regulate the mode of determining
the ratification of amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States proposed by Con-
gress. I csuld not be heard, and I now ask to
print a few remarks in the Globe.
There was no objection, andleavewas granted
accordingly. [See Appendix.]
II BUS GATfe
Mr. REEVES,byunanimousconsent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No.  -) in
reference to , the removal of obstructions at
Hell Gate; which was read a first and secona
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
The preamble and resolution are as follows :
Whereas tho importance in a national sense of
effective action toward securing the earliest possi-
ble removal of the rocks which now obstruct the
passage at Hell Gate, or of surmounting tho difficult-
ies of navigation at that place in some other way,
if practicable, can hardly be overestimated, in view
of the astonishing fact that about one hundred and
twenty thousand vessels do annually pass through
this dangerous entrance to Long Island sound; and
whereas various conflicting theories and opinions as
to the best method of accomplishing this great work
obtain among scientific men and practical engineers
whose attention has been drawn to tho subject; and
whereas tho operations now going forward under
the direction of General Newton aro confined to a
single point, and aro expected to occupy two or
more years before the partial measure of relief which
the removal ot that point will effect can be com-
pleted. thus protracting indefinitely the dircctdam*
age daily inflicted upon the fleets of shipping which
pass this natural gateway to the great center of our
commerce, and the incalculably greater damago
caused by detention and loss of time: Therefore,
Beit resolved, Thatthe Committee on Commerceare
authorized and directed to appoint a sub-coinniitteo
of five or more of their number, whoso duty it shall
be, at some convenient period subsoiiuont to the ad-
journment of the present session of Congress, to pro-
ceed to the locality in question, and there make a
personal and thorough inspection of the work now
iii progress, ®f the plans for its continuance at llal-
lctt's point and upon other reefs or rocks, and such
other plans for the removal or avoidance of the ob-
structions as may be laid before them by competont
persons having practical knowleclgo on the subject;
and that they report to this House at its next session
the results of their observations, with such recom-
mendations touching a comprehensive scheme for
clearing awuy or avoiding the present dangers J ti-
the speediest possible manner as they may see tit to
make.
