1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4719
Mr. RAMSEY. I appeal to Senators to allow
me to get this bill up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is not yet informed for what purpose the Sen-
ator from Minnesota addressed the Chair.
Mr. RAMSEY. My purpose was to ask that
the regular order be passed over informally,
and that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of Senate bill No. 763.
Mr. THAYER. Is that the franking bill?
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir ; that has gone its
WiThe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that, the Senator from Michigan
calls for the regular order.
Mr. HOWARD. I insist on the regular
order.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
647) to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from Marshall, Texas, to
San Diego, California, with branches and con-
nections.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart.]
Mr. STEWART. There has been no vote
upon that amendment, and, with the permis-
sion of the Senate, I will withdraw it for the
Bi'fisent. , ,
* The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
withdrawn, 110 objection being interposed.
Mr. STEWART. I now move to strike out
the twenty-fifth section, and to substitute for
it what I send to the Chair. I presume there
will be no objection to it, as a bill has passed
the House to-day which obviates the necessity
for a portion of the section. I move to insert
in lieu of that section the following : ,
Sf.o 25 And be it further enacted, That the South- I
em Pacihc Kailroad Company ot California is author- ;
ized, and power is hereby conferred upomt to extend,
construct andmaintainabranchroadfromanypomt j
on its present line, and by such route as it may select j
to connect with the Texas Pacific railroad at the ,
Colorado river, or at any point west thereof; ana j
also to construct and maintain a branch road, irom 1
such point as may be selected by it, through ban
Joaauin and Tularo valleys, connecting with the
Western Pacific railroad near the San Joaquin river;
and to aid thoconstruction of said branches the same
rights and privileges, and the same number ot acres
per mile are hereby granted to the said Southern
Pacilic railroad of California that were granted to
it by the act of July 27,1886, to aid in the construc-
tion of the trunk line ot said road: Provided, ihat
whenever the grants hereby made for the construc-
tion of said branches, as aioresaid, include any' sec-
tions heretofore granted to tliesaid bouthern Pacific
railroad of California, such sections shallbo deducted
irom tins grant; and said company shall, within one
vcar from the date hereof tilsuch additional maps
11^ may be necessary and proper, if the conditions ot
this aet are accepted. If, however, the said company
shall so change the lkie of said road as to exclude
from the limits of the grant made to it and its
branches, any lands heretofore withdrawn, such land
s'hili be returned to the public lands of the United
Spates and thereafter bo subject to homestead and
preemption settlement as other lands, expressly sav-
in0" and reserving all the rights of actual sedlero,
to-other with the other conditions and restrictions
provided for in the third sechon of said act:
brovided further, That the said Southern Pacific Rail-
road Company of California shall hereafter con-
struct in the aggregate, forty miles of said road and
brirches ,e? tfmim, or, in default thereof, Congress
"hall have the right, to adopt such course as may be
deemed proper to secure a speedy completion of said
road and branches.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senator from
Nevada where his amendment comes in?
Mr STEWART. Just where the other was.
We have passed a bill which renders a portion
of the section unnecessary, and ltis left out for
thThee:PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that this amendment is a substi-
tute for section twenty-five.
Mr STEWART. A bill has passed both
t]oiiE s which renders a part of the original
section, and indeed the whole of it unneces-
sary- This is simp1? t0 allow a connectlon t0
b\[i.atHOWARD. This is a somewhat im-
portant amendment. All I can say in regard
to it is, that the twenty-fifth section was adopted
by the Committee ou the Pacific Railroad after
mature deliberation, as we supposed ; and I do
not know how the present amendment of the
Senator from Nevada is to affect that section.
Mr. STEWART. The twenty-fifth section
confirmed the withdrawal previously made, and
in that answered the purposes of House joint
resolution No. 80,which was passed, and then
it provided for a connection with this thirty-
second parallel road and also to connect with
the Western Pacific; but inasmuch as House
resolution No. 80 has now passed both Houses,
there is no necessity for that, and the portion
of the section which reenacts that is left out.
The amendment provides for the brauchos.
There is not as much in it as there is in the
original section.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish the Clerk would
read the first portion of the amendment again.
Mr. HARLAN. Let it all be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me call the attention
of the Senator from Nevada to the language
of this amendment. It says:
And to aid the construction of said branches, the
same rights and privileges, and the same number of
acres per mile are hereby granted to the said South-
ern Pacific railroad of California, tliatwere granted
to it by the aet of July 27, 1866, to aid in the con-
struction of the trunk line of said road: Provided,
That whenever the grants hereby made for the con-
struction of said branches, as aforesaid, include any
sections heretofore granted to the said Southern
Pacific railroad of California, such sections shall be
deduoted from this grant.
Now, will not this amendment have the effect
to grant to that Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany additional lands over and above the
original grant of 18G6?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly, so far as it will
have the effect to give it a connection for the
distance from that route down to the thirty-
second parallel.
Mr. NYE. What branch do you mean ?
Mr. STEWART. I mean the branch from
the main line down to the thirty-second par-
allel.
Mr. NYE. Where is the main line ?
Mr. STEWART. The main line is the main
line from San Francisco, on the thirty-filth
parallel.
Mr. NYE. I do not understand that.
Mr. STEWART. The main line runs from
San Francisco to meet the line on the thirty-
fifth parallel. That has passed both Houses.
This is a proposition to allow it to make a
connection with the thirty-second parallel.
Mr. NYE. That takes it all, does it not?
Mr. STEWART. Not quite.
Mr. NYE. I should say it did, and more,
t0The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator Irom
Nevada. . .
Mr. HOWARD. This introduces into the
bill something which is to be entirely new, and
we appear to be acting in the dark in regard to
the effect of the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada. It may be all right; but, so far
as I can judge of it, 1 am apprehensive that it
is not; and I hope, therefore, the Senate will
not adopt this amendment.
Mr. STEWART. Let me say to the Senator
from Michigan, that I would as soon have the
bill as it stands, except _from_ the ridiculous
legislation which it exhibits of reetiacting an
aet already passed. We have got all m the
bill reported from the committee^that there is
in this amendment, and more. _ This amend-
ment simply leaves out a portion of the ori-
ginal section, so as not twice to enact a law that
has passed both Houses. The twenty-fifth
section of this bill contains precisely the same
thing as the amendment that I propose, and
more, as the Senator from Michigan will see,
if he will listen to its language:
"That the rights, privileges, and grants of land
made to the Southern Pacific railroad ot California
by the aet of Congress of July 27". 1866 and the amend-
ments thereto, are hereby confirmed, and_ confined
to the location of the line of said road as indicated
by a map filed by said company on the .id day ot
January, 1867; and the withdrawal ofthe land by the
Secretary of the Interior in accordance with said
map, is hereby approved and confirmed."
Now, so much of the section has already
passed both Houses, confirming that location.
Mr. NYE. Let me understand my col-
league. Does not this amendment give a char-
ter to the Southern Pacific railroad of California
for three degrees more than it ever had?
Mr. STEWART. No.
Mr. NYE. They have a right, as I under-
stand, to meet, if they choose, and form a con-
nection with the Atlantic and Pacific at the
Colorado on the thirty-fifth parallel?
Mr. STEWART. Yes.
Mr. NYE. Now you provide that they
shall have the right to run to the thirty-second
parallel?
Mr. STEWART. Yes.
Mr. NYE. And taking in all the other con-
nections it is possible to make. I undertake
to say that is a new charter of three degrees
for the Southern Pacific railroad of Califor-
nia, and cutting off all other ingress into Cali-
fornia.
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to have a
contest about this matter. If the committee
prefer the bill as reported, I am willing to take
that.
Mr. HOWARD. I prefer it, decidedly.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; let it stand as
it is. I withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada withdraws his amendment.
Mr. COLE. The authority in the amend-
ment, if I heard it correctly, was to authorize
them to join at the Colorado river or west of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the amendment to be withdrawn.
Mr. STEWART. I would just as soon have
the section of the original bill.
Mr. COLE. I do not remember the language
of the bill, but I believe that contains the same
provision.
Mr. CASSERLY. The same feature is m
the other amendment. There is no doubt of
that.
Mr. COLE. I think so. It seems to me that
would cut off any other communication with
the thirty-second parallel road and through the
State of California. In other words, the place
of junction may be anywhere between the CoL
orado and the ocean, a long space—a space of
one hundred and sixty miles—upon any point
of which the connection may be made. That,
I apprehend, may be so construed as to cut oft
the connection to be made by any other rail-
road company that might choose to connect
with them, and it maybe putting a claim upon
the whole width of California, leaving it with
the company to select any place they please
within a space of one hundred and sixty miles
or more. I apprehend that that should be re-
stricted to some particular latitude or number
°fJIr. SPENCER. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section :
g!SC_ j\n(l be it farther cMact'-jl, _ That the Dcca-
tur Aberdeen, and Vicksburg Railroad Company
is hereby authorized to lay out, locate, construct,
furnish, and equip, maintain, and enjoy aJmeot
railroad, with all the appurtenances thereof, from
Decatur, in the State of Alabama, via Aberdeen, to
Vieksbm-g, in the Stato of Mississippi. And all t. e
rights, powers, privileges, and grants t? which the
Texas Pacific Railroad Company is f
terms of this act m any btate are herebj extended
to. conferred upon, and shall belong, under litve^:re-
striotions, limitations, and conditions, to tli6 -'"d
Decatur, Aberdeen, and \ leksburg Kailroad Com
pany.
Mr HOWARD. I believe that amendment
is liable to the same objection that was raised
to another that was offered to the bill waen it
was last up. If I understand it, it increases
the amount of lands given to that State road.
Mr. SPENCER. It does not. I he Senator
is mist:HOWARD. The amendment says it
shali'be entitled to the same grants of laud
which are made to the Texas Pacific Railroad
!9.0 i- as
