576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
dicaite the legal qualifications of members of that
body.
Mr. HOLMAN. In every instance, except
to the President of the United States, the usual
form is to direct instead of request,
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will so mod-
ify my resolution. *
There was no objection; and the resolution,
as modified, was adopted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. '
REPUTED DESEBTERS.
Mr. CREBS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution;
which were read, considered,- and agreed to:
"Whereas there are a large number of private sol-
diers, non-commissioned officers, and commissioned
officers of the late war who by reason of absence
without leave from causes beyond their control at
some particular tri-monthly muster, but who were
not deserters, are so reported on the rolls in tho
Adjutant General's office as to preclude them from the
payment duethem for services actually rendered the
Government: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Committee on Military
Affairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of reporting' a bill providing for a board of military
officers before whom aU private soldieTS, non-com-
missioned and commissioned officers having claims
against the Government for monthly pay, &c., may
appear, by themselves or attorneys, and present their
claims and evidence in support of the same; which
board, on hearing the evidence, shall make a report
to tho Paymaster General of the Army, who shall be
authorized to pay such claims whenever a favorable
report shall be made by such board.
. WASHINGTON, ETC., RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. GILFILLAN, by unanimous CMsent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That in order to carry out the resolution
of this House relative to the W ashington and George-
town Railroad Company, tho Committee for the
District of Columbia be authorized and empowered
to send for persons and papers, provided that no
expense be incurred in so doing.
LIFE INSURANCE POLICIES.
Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 868) to amend the
bankrupt act so as to exempt from its provis-
ions certain interests in life insurance policies;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Revision of the
Laws of the United States.
RELIEF OP VOLUNTEER OFFICERS
Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, also in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 119) for
the relief of certain officers of volunteers; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
SCHOONERS ZENAS SNOW AND PATRIOT.
Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 869) to authorize
the issuing of certificates of registry or enroll-
ment to the schooners Zenas Snow and Patriot;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
NIAGARA FALLS SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. INGrERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on Railroads
and Canals the bill (EL R. No. 514) to provide
for the construction of a ship-canal around the
Palls of Niagara, and moved that it be ordered
to be printed, and that it be recommitted to the
same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
james a buck.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill (EL R. No. 870) for the
relief of James A. Buck; which "was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
UTAII CENTRAL RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. WHEELER, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
reported a bill (H: R. No. 871) granting to the
Utah Central Railroad Company a right of
way through the public lands for the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph; which was
read a first and second time, recommitted to the
same committee, and ordered to be printed.
LELAND IIARBOR.
Mr. FERRY1, by unanimous consent,' sub-
mitted the following resolution; which wias
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to consider and report to this House tho practica-
bility and necessity of improving, by breakwater or
otherwise, the harbor at Leland, on lake Michigan.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. FERRY also, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be, and are hereby, authorized to consider the pro-
priety of providing by la,wthat no invalid pensioner
shall be doprived of his pension during the time he
may have been employed in the civil service of the
United States between the dates ofMarch3,1865, and
June6,1866; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
GRANT OF LANDS FOR A UNIVERSITY.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, by unanimous
consent, reported back from the Committee
on the Public Lands the bill (H. R. No. 253) to
construe acts granting lands to the State of
Minnesota for a university ; and moved that
it be ordered to be printed, and that it be
recommitted to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
various votes by which bills, &c., had been
referred and recommitted; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. STILES. I rise to a privileged question.
I offer a joint resolution for the adjournment
of the Congress of the United States.
The Clerk read the joint resolution, as
follows:
lie it resolved by the Senate and House of Meprsenta -
fives, &c„ That tho President of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives do declare
their respective Houses adjourned sine die at twelve
o'clock m. on the second Tuesday of April next.
Mr. STILES. I move the previous ques-
tion on the resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to object. It is a privileged resolution.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania offers it as
a resolution of the highest privilege.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
Mr. STILES. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 75, nays 80, not voting
55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aines, Asper, Banks, Beaman,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles,
George M.Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton, Burch-
ard, Burdett, Cake, Cessna, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger,
Cullom, Dewecse, Dickey, Donley, Farnsworth, X'er-
riss. Ferry, Fmkelnburg, Fisher. Fitch, Hawley,
flay, Hoar, Hooper, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson,
Julian, Kelley, Kolsoy, Itnapp, Logan, Maynard,
McCarthy, McGrew, William Moore, Daniel J. Mor-
rell, Myers, Negley, O'Neill,Orth, Packard, Palmer,
"Peters, Poland, Pressor, Roots, Sargent, Seofield,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stokes, Strong. Tanner, Till-
man, Twichell,Tyner, Whittemore, Wilkinson,Wil-
lai'd, Williams, and Eugene M. Wilson—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Axtell, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Boyd,
James Brooks, Burr. Calkin, Cowles, Crebs, Dawes,
Dickinson, Dox, BIdridge, Getz, Gollaclay, Greene,
Griswold, Haight. Haldeman, Hamill, Hawkins,
IToalon, Ilefiin, Hill, Hogo. Holmnn, Thomas L.
Jones, Judd, Kellogg, Kerr, Kctcham, Knott, Laflin,
Lawrence, Marshall, Mayha.ni, McCormick, Mc-
Crary, MeNeely, Mercur. Elikam H. Moore, Mun-
gen, Jfiblack, Pomeroy, Potter, Randall, Reading,
Reeves, Rico, Rogers, Sanford, Schumaker, Porter
Sheldon, Slierrod, Sloeum, Stevens, Stiles, Stough-
ton, Strador. Swtwm, Sweeney, Taffe, Trimble, tjp-
son, Yan Auken, Voorhces.Ward, WilliamB. Wash-
burn. W elker, W ells, Wheeler, Winans, Winchester,
Witoher, Wood, and Woodward—$0.
NOT VOTING Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler,
Archer, Armstrong, Arnell, Bailey, Barnum, Ben-
nett, Bowen. Benjamin I?.Butler, Roderick R. But-
ler Churchill, Clark, Cleveland, Amass Cobb, Co-
burn, Cook, Cox, Davis, Dixon, Dockery, Duval,
Dyer, Ela, i'ox, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Hambleton,
Hamilton, Hays, Hoag, Hoichkiss, Alexander H.
Jones, Lash, Loughridge, Lynch, Jesse H. Moore,
Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Mortissey, Packer,
Paine, Phelps, Sawyer, Schenek, Joseph S-Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthing toe C. Smith, Stoven-
son, Stone, Strickland, Townsend, Yan Horn, Yan
Trump, Cadwalader C.Washburn, and John T. Wil-
son—55.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. STILES. I move the previous ques-
tion on the resolution.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to refer the reso-
lution to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order pending the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. STILES. I call for tellers on second-
ing the previous question. ' - -
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. JesCkes and
Mr. Stiles were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 74, noes 66.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was upon ordering the main
question to be now put.
Mr. INGrERSOLL called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were mot ordered.
The main question was ordered, being on
the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a parliamentary
question. This, if I understand it, is a joint
resolution which requires the signature of the
President. I submit whether, under the Con-
stitution, ajoint resolution for this purpose is
in order, and whether it should not be a con-
current resolution of the two Houses.
The SPEAKER. It will be considered as a
concurrent resolution. It ought to be a con-
currentresolution. Thatisamerematter.ofform
which, will be corrected in the engrossment.
Mr. STILES. That is merely technical.
The question was taken on the adoption of the
resolution ; and it was decided in the negative
—yeas 73, nayslOO, notvoting 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Axtell, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Boyd,
James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox,
Eldridge, Getz, Golladay, Greene^Griswold, Haight,
Haldeman, Hamill, Heaton, fieflin, Hill, Hoge, Hol-
man,ThomasL. Jones, Judd, J ulian, Kelley,Kellogg,
Kerr, Knott, Lawrence, Marshall, M ay ham, McCor-
mick, McCrary, McNeely, Mercur, William Moore,
Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Pomeroy, Potter, Ban-
dall, Reading, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sanford, Schu-
maker, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Sloeum, Stevens,
Stiles, Stone, Strader, Swann, Sweeney.Taffe, Trim-
ble, Van Auken, Van Horn, Voorhees, Ward, Wells,
Wheeler, Winans, Winchester, Witcher, Wood, and
W oodward—73.
NAY'S—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Asper, Bailey,
Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Blair,
Boles, Bowen,GeorgcM. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton,
Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Cessna, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L.Cobb,
Coburn, Conger, Culloin, Dawes, Deweese, Bickey,
Dixon, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Fer-
riss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch; Garfield, Gil-
fillan, Hawkins, I^awley, Hay, Hoar, Hooper, Inger-
soll, Jenekcs, Johnson, Itelsey, Iinapp, Laflin, Lash,
rill.Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Orth. Packard, Packer,
Paine, Palmer, Peters, Poland, Prosser, Roots, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Schenck. Seofield, Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worth-
ington. C. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather,
Stokes, Strong. Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, Ttvieh-
ell, Tyner, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, W elker, Whittemore, Wilkinson, Wil-
lard, Williams, and Eugene M. Wilson—100.
NOTVOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison. Ambler,
Archer. Armstrong, Barnum, Bennett, Bingham,
Luck, Case. Churchill, Cleveland, Cook, Cowles,
Cox,Davis, Dockery.Fox,Hale, Hambleton,Hamil-
ton, Hays, Hoag. Hotchkiss. Alexander H. Jones,
Ketcham, Lynch, J esse H.Moore, Morrissey. Phelps,
Josephs. Smith. Stevenson, Stouglilon, Strickland.
, upson, \ an Irump, and John T.Wilson—37.
I So the resolution was not agreed to.
! r■ CESSNA leoved to reconsider the vote
j by which the resolution was rejected ; and also
' moved that the motion, to reconsider be laid
j upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
