4720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
Company in any State. That will be ten sec-
tions on each side of the line, a strip of twenty
miles. I ask the Senator whether the State
company which is mentioned here is endowed
with that amount of land ?
Mr. SPENCER. This company has never
received a land grant. It is a new road. The
company has never built one mile of road and
has never received a land grant. It is an east-
ern connection, which is very important to the
interests both of Alabama and Mississippi.
Mr. HOWARD. I will ask the Senator what
is the length of this road of which he speaks ?
Mr. SPENCER. I say this is a new road,
which has never received a grant of lands,
which has never been built.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator does not hear
me perhaps. I asked for the length of the line.
Mr. SPENCER. The length of the line
will be about two hundred miles.
Mr. HOWARD. With twenty sections per
mile through the State?
Mr. SPENCER. There is but a small por-
tion of the proposed line upon which there are
any Government lands. There are probably
only fifty or sixty miles of the road where there
are any Government lands at all. This amend-
ment has been shown to members of the com-
mittee, and they are satisfied with it, I believe.
This is not the amendment that was before the
Senate the other night, and has no connection
whatever with that.
Mr. HOWARD. I know it is not the same
amendment; but this is a new thing introduced
into the bill, of which the committee have had
no knowledge, and have had no opportunity,
therefore, to investigate its merits.
Mr. SPENCER. It has been shown to a
majority of the committee, and I supposed had
the assent of a majority of the committee.
Mr. WARNER. I should like to hear the
amendment reported again. It is new to me.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. Would not the terms of
thio amendment, I should like to ask the Sen-
ator, allow the Decatur, Aberdeen, and Vicks-
burg Railroad Company to run their line across
the States of Alabama and Texas ?
Mr. SPENCER. It would not.
Mr. SAWYER. It proposes to give this
company the sanfe grants, privileges, and
rights that are granted to the Texas Pacific;
that is, the right of way is granted across the
State of Texas.
Mr. SPENCER. The language of the amend-
ment is, "in any State."
Mr. SAWYER. Texas is a State.
Mr. SPENCER. Certainly it does not apply
to any State except the States of Alabama and
Mississippi, and there is no grant in the State
of Texas.
Mr. SAWYER. It is a grant of the right
of way.
Mr. SPENCER. The two points are defined
in the amendment—Decatur, Alabama, and
Vicksburg, Mississippi.
Mr. BAYARD. Do I understand that this
is a proposition to incorporate a road in two
States, and to grant them the right of way
through the southern States?
Mr. SPENCER. Only over the public lands.
It is a road chartered by the States of Alabama
and Mississippi.
Mr. HARLAN. I regret very much to say
a word against a proposition offered by the
honorable Senator from Alabama ; but it does
seem to me, on a bill a3 important as this,
amendments so important ought to have been
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, that they might have been considered in
connection with the bill with a view of secur-
ing harmony in the operation of the whole
plan of railroads. I therefore hope that this
amendment will not be adopted. I do not wish
to be understood as committing myself against
the proposition if it comes up as an independ-
ent measure. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The quea-
RD -16L«
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Alabama.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Has the amendment
of the Senator from Alabama been recom-
mended by a committee ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is not informed on that point.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If not I object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, the objec-
tion would be good as .against an amendment
to an appropriation bill if it made an addi-
tional appropriation ; but this amendment is
germane to the bill, the Chair thinks.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I ask the Sena-
tor from Alabama if it does not call for a grant
outside of the State in which this railroad is
situated ?
Mr. SPENCER. It does not.
Mr. ROBERTSO'N. I think it very objec-
tionable as an amendment to this bill, and I
hope it will not be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Alabama.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I call for the yeas and
nays upon it.
Mr. DRAKE. Let us take a division first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri suggests that a division be first
taken.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Yery well.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest, for the inform-
ation of the Senate, that the amendment bo
explained either by reading it or by a statement
of it by the Chair.
Mr. SPENCER. If the Senator will allow
me, I will explain it.
Mr. THAYER. I ask that it bo reported
by the Clerk.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. SPENCER. Mr. President, the object
of this amendment is to assist the Decatur,
Aberdeen, and Vicksburg Railroad Company
in building their road by means of a land grant.
It is one of themostimportantconnections that
the Southern Pacific railroad will have east of the
Mississippi river. It will be the shortest line
to all points in Tennessee, to all points in South
Carolina, to all points in North Carolina, to
Norfolk, and even to New York, of any of the
proposed lines of railroad. From Vicksburg
to all points northeast it will save a distance of
at least fifty miles. It is a matter of great local
importance to both the States of Alabama and
Mississippi. The land grant which this rail-
road will get will be very small indeed. There
are not over sixty or seventy miles of the road
where there are any public lands adjacent.
About fifty or sixty miles of the road will run
through a sparsely-settled, mountainous coun-
try. The land has all been subject to entry at
twelve and a half cents an acre, and unentered.
I know of no measure of so much public import-
ance to both the States of Alabama and Mis-
sissippi as this, and I hope the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator if this road is in any way con-
nected with the Southern Pacific railroad, or
is it an independent railroad?
Mr. SPENCER. The object of it is to make
one of the important eastern connections.
Mr. WILLIAMS. In what way is it con-
nected with the Southern Pacific railroad?
Mr. SPENCER. One of the impoitant
points of the Southern Pacific railroad is
Vicksburg, which is on the thirty-seeond par-,
allel. This is a road which will run in a north-
easterly direction from Vicksburg to Decatur,
in the northern portion of Alabama, forming a
junction at Decatur with the Memphis and
Charleston road, and with the Nashville and
Decatur railroad.
Mr. WILLEY. It is very likely that if I
understood what this railroad was, where it
proposed to run, what its connections and bear-
ings were, I might be in favor of it; but is it
possible that the Senate will undertake the
policy of establishing railroads and, granting
land subsidies to railroads without submission
to a committee? Why, sir, instead of its be-
ing in our power to inquire of the committee
having the ruaiu bill under consideration in
charge for information in regard to this prop-
osition, we find the chairman of the commit-
tee making an inquiry in regard to it of another
Senator. How can Senators, who in cases like
this must necessarily depend for_ information
upon the knowledge of the committee that has
had the subject under consideration, that has
matured and investigated it, vote intelligently
in such matters when the committee properly
having the matter in charge is unable to give
us one word of information on the subject?
Mr. SPENCER. If the Senator will allow
me, 1 will state that some time since I drew
up this amendment and submitted it to various
members of the com mittee, and my understand •
ing was that there was 110 objection to it, and
I introduced it supposing that I had the full
assent of the committee.
Mr. DRAKE. Of what committee?
Mr. SPENCER. Of the committee in charge
of this bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I, for one member of the
committee, never heard of this amendment
before, and I suggest, witli all respect to the
Senator from Alabama, that a measure of this
kind should have gone before the committee in
a meeting, and not been submitted to individual
members of the committee.
Mr. SPENCER. It was impossible for me
to tell when the committee met or when it
would meet.
Mr. FO WLER. Mr. President, I shall vote
for the grant of a charter for a road from El
Paso to any place west; but I do not intend to
vote for a charter or do anything except grant
lands for roads that, mjiy be chartered by States,
in Mississippi, or Alabama, or elsewhere.
But I desire to say one word in regard to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ala-
bama. If I understand that amendment, it is
simply this : he asks for the road leading from
Decatur to Vicksburg, one of the most import-
ant connections of the Southern Pacific rail-
road, a grant of lands similar to the grant of
lands given to this Pacific railroad. Now,
what are the objections to this ? Hehaspointed
out to you a very important line of road. There
are certain lands adjacent to it that belong to
the Government. They are very few indeed.
They are valueless almost. They are exceed-
ingly poor, mere sand-hills. It is true they
have some timber upon them, but the lands are
almost valueless. I see no objection to that;
nor do I see any necessity for referring a simple
proposition of this kind to a committee.
I presume the committee would simply give
us an expression in favor of it without any
written report on the subject. There would
bo no advantage to the Senate in that, and
patiicularly to those who understand the route
of the road ; and all Senators who have voted
for any railroad appropriation would not de-
rive a particle of advantage from the opinion
of the committee. The opinion of a com-
mittee is worth just so much as there is reason
given in their report, or as their facts and fig-
ures may be worth, and nothing more. Their
opinion is worth just precisely as much as that
of any other Senator who knows as much on
the subject as they do. We are as competent
to judge in regard to this question as any com-
mittee. There is no necessity for referring it
to a committee. It is a plain, simple prop-
osition to make a grant of land for a road from
Decatur to Vicksburg. Vicksburg is the most
important point on this whole line of road east
of the Mississippi river.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am quite
ready to vote for any fair proposition to aid
and assist a southern Pacific railroad ; but if
we are to incorporate upon this road a hundred
branches of local roads, then I shall be opposed
to the whole of them. If this be the policy,
