5664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15, 1870.
EMPLOYES IN THE FOLDING-ROOM.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Clerk'of the House is hereby
directed to pay the two employes of the Hall fold-
ing-room full pay for the month of July.
PAGES Oil''THE HOUSE.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Unohed, That the pages on the floor of the House
shall be entitlnd to and shall receive pay for the full
month ending July 31,1870.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the committee
appointed to wait on the President have dis-
charged that duty, and were instructed by him
to report that he has no further communicant
tion to make to Congress.
The SPEAKER. By concurrent resolution
of the two Houses, Friday, July 15, at five
o'clock p. m., is assigned as the time for the
adjournment; and that hour having arrived, I
now declare the House of Representatives of
the Forty-First Congress for its second ses-
sion adjourned without day.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of James
L. Uidgely, praying relief.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of H. J. Babson, B. H. Smith, David
W. Low, and 350 others, citizens of Gloucester,
Massachusetts, for widening and deepening of
canal across Cape Ann.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Charles
L. Thompson, of Philadelphia, guardian of
William S. Thompson, jr., Charles and Clara
Thompson, minor children of William S.
Thompson, deceased, late a first assistant en-
gineer on board the iron-clad Atlanta, for a
pension.
By Mr. REEVES: The petition of Wil-
liam Jagger, Alfred Wagstaff, jr., William <*,
Weeks, W. A. Conant, and 83 others, citizens
of Suffolk county, New York, praying Con-
gress to legislate for the benefit of the peacef§|
Indian tribes, and their protection against u'.*'
authorized intrusion or invasion of their rights.
