578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
graphical conditions, in respect to defense, in respect
lo the practical business and wants of navy-yards,
docks, and dock-yards for vessels of wood and iron,
and m respect to its adaptation for all naval purposes
whatever; this board does not hesitate to recommend
with cntireunanimity that League Island, the adja-
cent marshes and back channel together with so
much of the opposite shore of the back channel from
the League Island shore as is hereinafter described,
bo accepted from the city of Philadelphiaand beheld
ror naval purposes by the Government of the United
otales.
So much of the opposite shore of the back channel
as, in the opinion of the board, is ample to enablethe
Governments havethosolcand exolusiveuse of said
back channel and both shores thereof, is shown by the
polygon in red ink on the plan accompanying this
report, and is described in words as follows:
from a point on the west side of Broad street three
hundred feet north of its intersection with the dike,
the northern bouudary runs east to the west side of
Eighth street two hundred and seventy feet; thence
oast to the west side of Third street south four hun-
dred and twenty feet; thence eaatnineteen hundred
and eighty feet; thence south to the low-water line
of the Delaware river, maintaining at Eighth and
Third streets the same distance from the island as at
Broad street, but conforming to the rectangular plan
of the city and including the northern entrance to
the back channel. Again, from Broad street west-
wardly, preserving the same average distance from
the dyke, the line runs from the pointon Broad street
south 80° west seventeen hundred and ten feet;
thence south 60° west thirty-three hundred and sixty
foot; thence south 43° west to the low-water line of
the Schuylkill river.
The area included between tho polygon thus de-
scribed and the low-water line on the north side of
tho back channel is approximately two hundred and
thirty-nine acres, of which seventy-nine acres are
improved land inside of a dyke, and the remainder
fiats uncovered at low water.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
C. II. DAVIS,
Rear Admiral U. S, iV.,
Superintendent U. S. Naval Observatory.
A. A. HUMPHREYS,
Brig. Gen. U.S. A.,
Chief of Engineers, Maj. den of Vols.
JAMES ALDEN,
(hmmodorc U. 8. N.
J. W. KING, 4
Chief Engineer XI. S. N.
J. E. illLGrAHD,
Assistant U. S. Coast Survey in charge of office.
Hon. G. Welles, Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. DAWES. So far as I Have heard, that
report says nothing as to how high the tide
rises at League Island, which is the only point
to which I have made any reference.
Mr. KELLEY. I will answer the gentle-
men by asking him whether oak, maple, and
ash trees grow on land overflowed by nine feet
of water and thrive and live for centuries?
League Island, as the official reports before
me and accessible to the gentleman show,
has upon it oak, maple, ash, and other trees
which require high ground from the time the
seed germinates and for its quickening into
life. Yet the chairman of the committee told
this House yesterday that this island is nine
feet below the level of tide-water and would re-
quire an expenditure of $2,500,000 to raise it to
a level on which a shop can be erected. In the
face of the evidence of George Davidson, of the
Coast Survey, which I have presented, that all
but the heaviest shops common to Philadelphia
may be built there on a foundation of six or
eight feet, the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations asserted that a shop built there
would float away. I can only quote his lan-
guage from the Chronicle, as it does notappear
in the Globe. He said :
" Not a shop could bo transferred to League Island
until the surface was raised, unloss they wanted to
have the navy-yard carried to sea."
Sir, there are some facts that no force of im-
agination and no audacity of assertion can
gainsay. From the time civilization came into
the neighborhood of Philadelphia much of this
island has been upland. It was among the
first property conveyed to the London eom-
pany and among the first conveyed by that
company to a purchaser. It was then described
as cripple-land, one half of which was arable
and not subject to overflow by the tide. Yet,
if I credit the assertions of honorable gentle-
men, I would believe that it was a mere mass
of alluvium compressed into its present site by
the confluence of two rivers. Sir, it is not an
island save at the surface; it is part of the
mainland through a depression in which the
waters forced their way and made whatis called
the back channel. This was growing in width
and the north end of the channel was stopped
up by emptying into it cargo after cargo of
stone. The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] refers to it and says that as a
mere alluvial deposit it is growing so that a
channel through which the largest vessels of
war could go has been filled up by alluvium.
They often talk most fluently on a subject who
know least about it.
Now, sir, I am willing to trust my judgment
to the Coast Survey, who have bored those four
hundred acres of island and two hundred acres
of accretions at forty-two distinct points, and
put at the disposal of Congress the results
found at every three feet of additional depth.
I am willing to trust the chief engineer of the
Navy and the chief of engineers of the United
States Army and the officer in charge of the
Coast Survey, and the two distinguished men
of science who unite with them in the report I
have caused to be read ; and I am willing to
trust the bill to this House on that report.
My excellent friend, and such I truly esteem
him, the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, is not only a highly educated
prosecuting attorney, but he has the fitness
for that place as one of the eminent gifts of
nature. He hesitates about pursuing an enemy;
but when he finds that a person or party to
whom he has given his confidence is said to be
suspected of being a suspicious person he goes
at the work of prosecuting him or it con amove;
and by his zeal and buoyancy proves the truth
of Shakspeare's aphorism, that "the labor we
delight in physics pain." With what ingenuity
he intimated that the Philadelphia delegation
have been acting a little cunningly and were
about to plunder the public Treasury by secur-
ing an inordinate appropriation for League
Island, and that some officials seemed to sanc-
tion their furtive project! Having disclosed
this conspiracy, the gentleman went pell-mell
into adenunciation of the present Administra-
tion in all its Departments save the Attorney
General's, and gave the country an intimation
that the Senate were about expelling him from
office because there is reason to suspect him
of being honest. I did not readily perceive
the connection of all this with League Island.
But the gentleman sees an imaginary link
between them in an imaginary claim for an
appropriation of $800,000 for the improvement
oftlje island. I have watched the progress of
this League-Island question, as it is called,
since Philadelphia first expended $300,000 in
its purchase and tendered it as a gift to the
Government. I have been counsel to the course
of its history, and I heard yesterday from the
lips of the gentleman, for the first time in my
life, the suggestion that $800,000 or $500,000
or $300,000 should be asked for, and once only
from one of my colleagues have I heard an in-
timation that an appropriation of $200,000
should be suggested. So far as I know, the
idea of the appropriation of $800,000 is a mere
creaturc of imagination. I know the gen-
tleman had what he considered good authority
for it. That fact I do not challenge. He is not
a man who invents a fact and bases an argu-
ment upon it. I know him too well to believe
that. What I have always thought on this
subject, and what I expressed on this floor
when the Navy appropriation bill of last session
was under consideration, was that, hereafter all
appropriations made for naval purposes in Phil-
adelphia should be confined to, and that there
should be a clause requiring them to be ex-
pended at, League Island, except so much as
might be required for the preservation of prop-
erty at the present station. That is all the
Philadelphia delegation have expected and all
they ask.
Let me appeal to the recollection of gentle-
men. When it was proposed last year to ap-
propriate $50,000 for buildings in the old yard
I moved to reduce it to $25,000, saying that
no new buildings ought to be erected there,
and that $25,000 would cover the repairs of
all that existed. The appropriation was ac-
cordingly reduced; and I then asked for an
appropriation of $10,000 for the survey of
League Island and its preparation to receive
the shops, tools, and materials from the old
yard. This was not made. What influence
prevented it I cannot say.
Let me describe the existing yard to yon,
Mr. Speaker. But before doing so, let me say
that the Secretary of the Navy has not only
not intimated in his report a request for such
appropriation, buthas carefully guarded against
it. The gentleman, referring to the Secretary's
report, says that the man who declares he can
save $2,000,000 outof an expenditureof I think
$500,000 proposed must be somewhat con-
fused in his figures. Not more so, in my judg-
ment, than one who believes and States to this
House that but three years have elapsed since
the spring of 1862. I do not know on which
side between those contestants the confusion
as to figures rests. Perhaps a few words of
explanation would set them both right. The
Secretary of the Navy, in closing his report to
the President, which was transmitted to Con-
gress, says:
"I have thought it proper in the first report of
your administration to explain fully the present con-
dition of the naval establishment, and to point out
with some particularity thegeneral principles which
I think should be adopted for its improvement. In
doing so I have been led to discuss some questions of
public policy which have relation to the field of naval
service, and which must be considered in judging of
its present and determining on its future condition.
I am not unmindful, however, of the fact that the
present condition of the country demands the strict-
est economy in every branch of the public service;
and many of the suggestions which I have felt it my
dutyto make must be understood as pointing to that
for which we should strive rather than that which we
may at onoe accomplish. With thenecessary inform-
ation and proper suggestions before them. Congress
must be the final judge of what the situation demands
and the resources of the country will permit."
Did not the Secretary of the Navy act
wisely? He laid before Congress all the facts
of the case. He disclosed clearly the view
which he had from his stand-point. He made
suggestions reaching into the far future. And
if Congress will but make similar appropria-
tions for the Philadelphia station, confining
their expenditure to League Island, I mean
similar to those it makes for other yards, and
confine the expenditure to League Island or
to the removal of shops and materials there,
there will, in pursuance of the Secretary's
policy, grow gradually to perfection the greatest
naval esiablishment in the world.
I agree with the gentlemau from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] iu saying that a govern-
ment that acts wisely will rely upon the pri-
vate vvorkshops of the country for ninety per
cent, of its work. But, sir, League Island is
something more than the site for a workshop.
Salt water is poison to an iron ship, and nature
has provided the only remedy yet discovered
for its effect, which is a transfer to fresh water.
A Government with an iron Navy must have
fresh-water basins in which to lay up its iron
vessels, and cure them of disease imparted by
long continuance in salt-water service. A
competent fresh-water basin for our Navy is
found in the derided back channel of League
Island. Thirty iron vessels have lain there
for three years with safety and with scarcely
any expense to the Government. In connec-
tion with this natural basin you have there four
miles of solid laud and the accretions around,
in which you can easily make excavations if
you require other fresh-water basins. The
whole is now the property of the Government.
Let me now refer to the yard which it is pro-
posed to remove. It embraces twenty acres.
It is in the heart of the commercial part of the
city. The heaviest and most powerful business
corporations of Pennsylvania have acquired
every foot of land between its southern bound-
ary and League Island—the Pennsylvania Kail-
road Company, the petroleum companies, and
lumber, coal, and iron companies. Our heav-
iest wharves and bulkiest commerce occupj'
the space between the island and the present
