1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
desire to speak on this bill, some having inti-
mated that desire to myself, and that it would
be well to let it go over till to-morrow.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I quite concur in that
suggestion. In the minute and a half now left
to me I shall scarcely attempt to offer any fur-
ther remarks on the bill which I have had the
honor to report from the Committee on Naval
Affairs. But my friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] having made an attack on the
bill which I regard as somewhat unjust in its
character, or having at least made what I
think an inappropriate application to this bill
of criticisms which he made on some other
matters concerning the Government, X should
have wished to claim the attention of the
House to some explanations 
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill, underthe rules, goes over
till to-morrow.
TAX ON INCOMES.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to bring under
the attention of the House, on behalf of the
Committee of Ways and Means, a matter which
seems to require immediate action, and in
order that the House may understand it I re-
port a joint resolution by instruction from the
committee.
Mr. SCHENCK then, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means (H. li.
No. 120) declaratory of the meaning and inten-
tion of the law relating to the income tax;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution, inasmuch as doubts
have arisen and conflicting decisions been
made in the different departments of the Gov-
ernment in regard to the construction of the
laws relating to tax on incomes, declares it to
be the true intent and meaning of the acts re-
lating to that subject that all persons are liable
to the payment of their proper income tax ac-
cruing and to accrue for and during and up to
the end of the year 1870; and that the assess-
ment and collection of any such tax accruing
in the year 1870, and remaining unpaid on the
first day of January, 1871, may, underthe ex-
isting provisions of law, be made in the said
■last mentioned year.
Mr. SCHENCK. The resolution which is
presented now as a report from the Committee
of Ways Mud Means is in response to an appeal
made from the Treasury Department through
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to have
some immediate action of Congress in order
to prevent difficulties into which we are already
running since the 1st of January. The prop-
osition which is embodied in this resolution
does not touch the question about the future
continuance cf the income tax, nor the rate at
which that tax shall be imposed, nor the form
of legislation for its collection ; but all that
will come to be considered when we lake up
the amendments to the internal tax law, or at
some future time when a report shall be made
upon the subject. The object of this resolu-
tion is simply to clear away doubts in regard
to the proper construction, and the practice to
be observed under the construction given to
the law which now exists.
We are, sir, in this anomalous condition:
that the present law, a clause of which I will
read, contains a provision in regard to the
income tax as it now stands in these words:
"The taxes on inconics berein imposed shall bo
levied on the 1st day of March, and due and payable
un or before the 30th day of April of each year until
end including the year 1870, and no longer."
It is the opinion of the internal revenue
department, and it appears to have been the
intention of the law-makers in 1861, as I infer
from the language of the statute—I had noth-
ing to do with the framing of it—that we were
t j h-ivp an income tax through and up to the
emi "f tiie year 1K70. But it has be^i) claimed
ihat we only iiove an income tax through and
up to fie ("i !. of the year LSii'j, and that the
'ogitvi.ion looking to the year 1*70 relates only
to the collection oi the tax for 1^0'.'. Th-- lan-
guage is ambiguous. The intention does not
seem to have been clearly expressed, and in
consequence of that we have had the opinion
of perhaps a law officer of the Treasury Depart-
ment, at least of the First Comptroller, that sal-
aries, for instance, are to have a deduction of
the income tax made from them through and
up to the end of 1870, and in consequence
of that instructions have been issued to the
sub-Treasurer at New York, and payments are
being made to officers of the Government and
their salaries subjected to that deduction. That
may perhaps be the practice which is prevailing
in regard to the salaries of gentlemen around
me. In the War Department, or rather in the
paymaster's department, an appeal has been
made to the Judge Advocate General for his
construction of the law, and he says that the
salaries of officers of the Army ought not
under the law to be subject to this deduction,
and in consequence of that the Paymaster Gen-
eral has issued a little order to all paymasters
to pay salaries for the month of January and
untii otherwise ordered without making any
deduction. Thus we have not only conflicting
constructions of law, but actually conflicting
practice : salaries have five per cent, deducted
from them in some Departments of the Gov-
ernment and that deduction is not made in
others.
The resolution which we report seems to be
based upon what was the intention of the com-
mittee which reported the bill and of the Con-
gress that passed it at the time this income tax
was adopted, and endeavors to make it clear
that the tax is chargeable up to and through
to the end of the year 1870, but no longer,
adopting in that what is the language of the
law itself, but which language was made am-
biguous by not being clear as to that upon
which it was a limitation, whether it was a lim-
itation upon the collection or a limitation upon
the liability to the tax. I think that if any-
thing were to be done upon this subject the
Treasury Department is right in asking that
Congress shall act at once upon it, because we
are now near the beginning of the second
month of the year, and it is important in all De-
partments of the Government to know whether
deductions are to be made or not from salaries,
and it needs, therefore, an immediate inter-
pretation by Congress, if it is to be given at all.
If gentlemen desire it I will now have the
opinions of the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury and of the Judge Advocate General read.
I will only say that I am a little concerned to
think that the Paymaster General should ap-
ply to the Judge Advocate General, able and
accomplished a lawyer as he is, for his opinion
instead of the Solicitor of the Treasury, or to
have referred the whole matter to the Attorney
General; because in creating the office of
Judge Advocate General we have confined his
duties to the supervision of all those matters
which come into the Bureau of Military Jus-
tice relating to courts-martial and so on, and
the question had better have been reported to
some law officer of the Treasury, or to the At-
torney General of the United States. 1 have
a number of papers and communications here,
which I will ask the Clerk to read, and they will
explain fully the necessity for the passage of
this joint resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
TuFASL'&Y DK?AllTMEXT,
W [->':<■i)'■ I.NTV;>N A1; r.
Washington, Jonuarv 4,1870.
Sik: Section one hundred and nineteen of the act
of June 30, 1861, as amended by section thirteen of
the aet of March 3,1867, is as follows:
"And be it further enacted, That the taxes on in-
comes herein imposed shall be levied on the 1st dsy
of Slarch and bo payable on or before the 30th day
of April in each yer.r until and including tile year
1870, and no longer.''
It is contended that the tax imposed upon dn idrads,
coupons, salaries, by sections one hundred and
twenty, one hundred and twenty-tvo, and one hun-
dred and twenty-three of the same aet.i? Rimpl.v
part lid parcel of the income tax of the indi, idr.ai
5'tockbol,11 -s, j.onriboiaer^.oreinpioy^.s: and chat in-
asmuch asunder existing lav s eo t.txisiiupo. ' m 1 u
incomes of 1S7'1 pone should be wuhtuld and r '1-
upon dividends, salaries, &c., of the current year.
There are, I think, certain dicta of theSupreme Court
of the United States implying that the tax upon the
coupons of a railroad company's bonds is apart of tho
income tax or the bondholder.
In view of the foregoing, I would respectfully sug-
gest whether some early legislation may not be neces-
sary and desirable to remove all doubt respecting tho
legal right to assess taxes upon dividends, coupons,
salaries, &e., accrued or earned since the31stultiruo.
Very respectfully,
C. DELANO, Commissioner.
Hon. It. C. SofTEXCK, Chairman Committee of Wayv and
Means, House of lieps., Washington?i). C.
Tbeasury Department.
Office op Intebnal Revekce,
Washington, January IS. 1870.
Sir: Xnelosed I send you a copy of a letter ad-
dressed on the 17th instant to the Assistant United
StatesTreasnrer atNew York, by Hon. R. W. Taylor,
Comptroller of the Treasury. I also inclose a copy of
Circular sixty-nine, from the Paymaster General's
Office, purporting to be based upon " the unqualified
opinion of the Judge Advocate Genera!." Both of
these inclosures relate to the tax upon salaries for
the year 1870, a subject upon which I addressed you
a letter a few days ago. I send them to you as ad-
ditional evidence of the necessity of some early
legislation which shall remove all doubts upon this
question.
Very respectfully,
C. DELANO, Commissioner.
Hon. It. G. Soiibstck, Chairman Committee of Waysand
Means, House of Heps., Washinoton.D. C,
Teeastjby Department,
Officb of the First Cosiptroi.j.eb, *
January 17,1870.
Sip. : Your letter of the 14th instant to the Secre-
tary of tho Treasury respecting the tax on salaries
has been referred to this office for answer.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue is of opin-
ion that the tax is continued, and in that opinion I
concur.
You are therefore directed to retain the tax here-
after, as heretofore, on salaries paid by you.
I am, very respectfully,
R . \V. TAYLOR, Comptroiler.
Chas. J. Polosr. osq..
Assistant Treasurer, New York.
War Department,
Bbekac of Military Justice,
January 10,1870.
Respectfully returned.
There aro two provisions of the income tax law
of March 2,1867, from which the period of the opera-
tion of that act in regard to such tax is to bo ascer-
tained. Tho first of the provisions referred to is found
in section thirteen, (14 St.atutes-at-Large, page 478,)
and is as follows: " And tho tax herein provided for
shall be assessed, collected, and paid upon the gains,
profits, and income for tho year ending the 31st day
of December next preceding the time l'or levying,
collecting and paying said tax."
The second provision is in" the same section, (14
Statutes-at-Large, page 480,) to the following effect:
" That tho taxes on incomes herein imposed shall bo
levied on the 1st day of Idareh, and be due and pay-
able on or boforo the 30th day of April in each year,
until and including the year 1870, and no longer."
From these clauses, which (except as to the months
in which levy and payment are to be made) are sub-
stantially the samo as those employed in the pre-
vious acts of June 30,1864, section one hundred and
nineteen, (13 Statutes-at-Large, page 383,) and of
July 13, 1S66, section nine, (14 {Statutes-at-Large,
page 138,) it is entirely clear to my mind that the five
per cent, income tax ceased to exist with the year
1889, and that no such tax can, in tho absence of
further legislation, be deducted from the pay or
money allowances of officers of the Army for tho
present month.
The substance of tho two provisions in question i3
as follows: that the income tax shall be levied on
March 1, and shall be due and payable by April
30, of each year, up to the year 1870: and that the
tax thus to bo levied and payable shall be, in each
year, a tax ucon the income of the previous year
ending on the" 31st Decomber next preceding, Thus
the only provision for tho year 1870 i3 one for tho
levying and payment on certain dates of that year
of a tax upon incomes accrued in tho prior year,
1S69. For the collection of a tax upon incomes ac-
crued for 1870, or for any part thereof, there is no
losal authority under the aet, for tho simple reason
that there is no provision therein for the levy and
payment of such a tax in 1871.
It is perhaps unnecessary to add that tho pay de-
partment would not be justifiod in deducting an in-
come tax upon officers' pay, &o., for January, 1870,
upon the anticipation that Congress will presently
renew such tax by specific legislation: for should
the Department be assured of the renewal oi the
tax, ;f cannot be assured of the rate—whether nve
pot- cent, or less—at which it will be reneijed^^
Jtidae Advocate General.
[Circular No. 69.1
Paymaster Genikai, s Office,
WaSSHXOTOS, January 11,18 <0.
ViuW the lira i tatioEJofthe internal revenue laws.
in cay construction.thereof by tho unqual-
opinion of the Judge Advocate General. pu.y-
are dheetcd not to deduct tho income tax
