1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
chased bonds to the amount of $20,044,809, and desig-
nated them as belonging to the sinking fund. These
purchases are a substantial compliance with the
statute. From the 4th of March last 1 have not felt
myself authorized or required to make any provision
for the time that elapsed after the passage of the act
and previous to the commencement of the adminis-
tration. With the excess of means at my command
I have purchased bonds in addition to those pur-
chased for the sinking fund to the amount of $55,-
432,000. These are held as a special fund, subject to
the action of Congress; and X respectfully recom-
mend thai they be added to the sinking fund, and
that any further purchases that may be made be so
added until the gross amountshall constitute a fund
equal to that which wouldhave been createdif there
had been no delay in the execution of the law."
He thus tells us how much he bought lawfully
and how much more he bought unlawfully, and
asks Congress to make a disposition of the ille-
gally purchased bonds, and to give him power
to do the same hereafter, according to law.
These evidences of a disregard of law by the
Secretary and his vacillating and suspicious
course have not only caused a very general dis-
trust in his purity of purpose, but also in his ca-
pacity. The effect upon the public credit has
been obvious. It is'shown in the greatly reduce'd
value of our securities. United States bonds
which were selling for 123 to 125 in August last
are now worth only from 112 to 115 ; and this,
too, notwithstanding his alleged reduction ofthe
public debtandalargesurplusover expenditures
in the current receipts. With the enormous in-
eomeprocured by excessive taxationleviedupon
the industry of ihepeople athis command he has,
notwithstanding, so damaged the credit of the
country that it is selling now at a reduction of
■ about ten per cent, from what it was six months
ago. Like the spendthrift who though coming
into the possession of a vast estate does not
know how to manage it, and who in consequence
soon loses credit, Mr. Boutwell, though rich in
resources, is so much distrusted that it reflects
upon the solvency and credit of the Government
itself.
One of the first acts passed by this Congress
was the law approved March 18, 18(39. entitled
"An act to strengthen the public credit."
That law is as follows:
"Be itenacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of tile United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That in order to remove any doubt as to the
purpose of the Government to discharge all just obli-
gations to the public creditors, and to settle conflict-
ing cpiestions and interpretations of the laws by vir-
tue of which such obligations have been contracted,
it is hereby provided and declared that the faith
of the United States is solomnlyplcdged to the pay-
ment in com of its equivalent of all the obligations of
the United States notbearing inferos, known as Uni-
ted States notes, and of all the interest-bearing obli-
gations of the United States.except in cases where the
law authorizing the issue of any such obligation has
expressly provided that the same may bepaid in lawful
money or other currency than gold and silver. Hut
none of said interest-bearing obligations not already
due shall be redeemed or paid before maturity unions
at such time United States notes shall be convertible
into coin at the opt)on of the holdor. or unless at suell
time bonds ofthe United States bearing a lower rato
of interest than tne bonds to be redeemed can be
sold at par in coin. And the United States also sol-
emnly pledges its faith to make provision at the
earliest nraeticable period for the redemption of the
United States notes in coin."
Here is an imperative restriction on the
Secretary against the payment or redemption
of any of the outstanding bonds not due until
two things have transpired, neither of which
have occurred. And yet he has, in the face of
this law, redeemed over seventy-live millions,
having eighteen years to run to maturity. This
act also declares that the faith of the Govern-
ment is pledged to the payment of its debt in
Coin. This promise has also been disregarded.
He appears not to have known of its existence,
for in no part of his transactions does -any ref-
erence to it apoear, nor does he refer to it in
his aunual report. The House will recollect
the importance attached to this measure at the
time of its passage. It was hailed by the
majority as an official declaration of gold
redemption of the public obligations, and as
fixing beyond peradventure all departure of
the faith ofthe Government and all possibility
of repudiation. Oh, what a shout went up
throughout the country among the faithful, who
affected such abhorrence of repudiation, at this
magnificently declared determination to pay
every dollar of public obligation, dollar for
dollar, in coin I Well, how did the Secretary
regard this pledge? Did he perform his part
of the obligation to preserve in good faith the
public credit? Did he pay dollar for dollar?
Not at all. Instead of so doing he went into
the bond market to depress the value, so as to
buy at a large deduction. Instead of executing
that law, he publicly violated it, buying the
very obligations at eighty cents on the dollar
which the Government, through this joint res-
olution, had three weeks before declared should
be paid for at one hundred cents on a dollar.
But if, as is the fact, the act of March 18,
1869, is deceptive, and actually forbids him
from paying coin for bonds payable in paper,
his dereliction is even more apparent. Though
that law is generally held to be a declaration
that the faith of the Government is pledged to
the redemption of the whole debt in coin, yet it
declares undoubtedly that that portion of the
debt which the law authorizing it provides shall
be paid in paper shall be so paid. The Secre-
tary has violated this law in either of these
conditions both in letter and spirit.
Another and by no means small objection
to the Secretary may be found in the manner
in which lie makes up his monthly statement
of the public debt. It is not frank and manly.
There is a disingenuousness about it which is
more in keeping with the small cunning of a
village practitioner than the elevated and com-
prehensive sphere of the finance minister of a
great nation. He appears to think that his
advent into that office marks a new era in the
history of this country. From it he dates the
beginning of "the good time coming." All
the previous management ofthat Department,
and the legally established time in which the
fiscal year begins and ends, is abolished by a
stroke of his pen. He issues his bulletins as
predicated upon the beginning of the Boutwell
reign, which is the 1st of March, A. D. 18G9.
lie gives the state of the public debt, as it
stood March ], 1809, and as it stands at the
date of his statement, with the further procla-
mation that he had reduced the amount so
much since his advent into power.
Now what I object to in this way of getting
up statements is its want of candor. It docs
not do justice to his predecessor, nor to Con-
gress, nor to the subject. If it bo true that
the debt has been decreased, other inlluence
has caused it, and not iiis management of the
finances. He assumes in his monthly state-
ments that the people cannot be aware of these
facts, or rather he would like them not to be.
The public debt has been decreasing all the
while for a twelvemonth. Why not, as the
receipts have been in excess of the expendi-
tures? These receipts have been increased,
not only from largely increased importations
of dutiable goods, but also from the sale of
surplus war material of all kinds, as well as
from an increased income from taxes arising
from increased southern crops and an increased
volume of trade ; while, upon the other hand,
expenditures have decreased, because the ap-
propriations of Congress were decreased, the
war expenses were subsiding, the prices of
commodities weie lessening, and many useless
offices had ceased with the.war. These were
the great influences which caused the difference
between receipts and disbursements, leaving
the surplus, which he used to buy up the debt
with. All of these were provided before lie
came into office. They had began to operate
before he went there; they were ready to his
hand. So far as his skill or energy is con-
cerned, there is not the slightest proof that it
has been successfully exercised to accomplish
any beneficial results whatever. If, however,
ho is really desirous of proving that he is the
vigilant officer he claims to be. why does he
not give Congress the statement which the laws
require, of a detailed account of all the money
received, how expended, und to whom paid?
The law requires him to do so. If this were
furbished, we could then better judge of his
fidelity and sagacity.
Why has he omitted to transmit, to Congress
the detailed statements of receipts and dis-
bursements as required by the statute of 1789?
That rule was established for a wise purpose.
It was to compel that Department to give a full
account of every dollar received, from what
source, to whom paid, and for what purposte.
No such report has been rendered by Mr. Bout-
well. We are in the dark upon this head.
Funds may have been diverted from the objeets
for which they were appropriated, or have been
paid wrongfully, or not paid at all, and so far
as we have information there is no way in
which it can be detected and the remedy ap-
plied. With such a statement, the required
information could enable us to see how fer the
Secretary is entitled to the credit claimed.
Why has not this been done ? The fact that it
has not been is of itself a suspicious circum-
stance. If he could present such a record as
would sustain his pretences I am sure it would
not be withheld, and the fact that it is with-
held is of itself sufficient upon which to justify
a belief that it would not " make out the case "
as stated by him.
One of the difficulties which Mr. Boutwell
labors under is his peculiar tenacity of purpose.
Such a temperament is all very well when it is
balanced by judgment and cool intellect. When
a man thinks rightly the more he adheres to his
opinion the better, but if erroneous the less he
does so the better. Unfortunately the Sec-
retary is not always right; but whether right
or wrong he never changes. He not only
thinks he is right but he knows it, and that is
enough. Another difficulty which has laid in
his way during the whole of his administration
in this office is his desire that everything in that
Department shall begin de novo; that the
Boutwell era shall be marked by entire origin-
ality in all things. This pride of person and
office has led him into much trouble and
caused much trouble to others. The courts
and merchants of New York have suffered from
it very much. When he came into the Depart-
ment he directed au entire new code of Treas-
ury regulations to be adopted, which were U>
govern the custom-house officials and even the
United States courts. Without knowing the
various and numerous decisions which had been
made from the beginning of the Government
down to the present time he established anew
his own construction of law and sent it to his
subordinates to govern their conduct. In many
eases these new regulations were not only in
palpable violation of the practice of the United
States courts but of the law and the decisions
which had been from time to time made under
them. So glaring was the folly and mischief
of some of these that recently his Honor Judge
Blatchford, of the southern district of New
York, rebuked the interference publicly from
the bench. lie said that—
"The Secretary appeared to be so badly posted a,s t o
suppose thathundreds ol questions which continually
arise hud never been settled, when in fact they had
been argued time and again and decided by the
counts; that the conduct of the Treasury officials
toward the merchants of New York in this respect
bad been infamous and outrageous, and declared
tliatwhen these questions came before him he "would
be governed entirety by previous decisions, so far as
the deeiriions covcr the points raised."
This is the language of a Republican judge,
as reported in a Republican newspaper of New
York. Thus it is seen that the great Secretary
is not always infallible, and that when in the
wrong lie is very much so, and does much harm.
It is not well to adhere too firmly to our own
way, especially when that way is a wrong one.
Therefore it would be better to have less will
and more circumspection, less vanity and more
caution, and less knowledge and more wisdom.
With these modifications our chancellor of the
exchequer would be very much improved, espe-
cially if a little less self-complacency shall be
thrown in by the way of adding more humility
to the tout ensemble. And this is the Secretary
who is the embodiment and impersonation of
