1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ations last year for miscellaneous items. But
under that head aro embraced several items
that are not properly miscellaneous expenses.
Among them is an appropriation of $25,000 for
finishing a fire-proof building, which you will
see by the reports of General Sbriver and others
is deemed indispensable for the safety of the
archives of the institution. Without that item
of $25,000 the appropriations for miscellane-
ous expenses would be less than those of last
year. There is also an item of appropriation
of $7,000 for the repairing of what is known
as the north wharf. This item has been before
the House several times ; it has been shown
that the wharf has gone very much to decay.
A derrick was bought last year, but the wharf
is in such a condition that it has not been con-
sidered safe to erect the derrick upon it. It
will save a large amount of money to repair it
liow. We have also found it necessary to ap-
propriate $2,000 for improving and grading the
artillery and cavalry grounds, which is a new
item. Therefore the appropriations for the
ordinary miscellaneous expenditures of the in-
stitution have been cut down to seven or eight
thousand dollars less than they were last year.
The new items, to wit, the north wharf, the
fire-proof building, and improving and grading
the artillery and cavalry grounds, make the
difference, which is the reason why it is now
proposed to appropriate a larger amount than
was appropriated last year.
The committee have looked over these items
with at least some care, and endeavored to
cut them down to the very lowest amount. I
think the committee have really dealt severely
with the bill in cutting down the appropriations
as low as they have done. The original esti-
mate submitted to the Secretary of War was
for $344,264 20. The Secretary of War, think-
ing that they could get along without some of
the items asked for, cut it down to $332,264 20,
and submitted an estimate to us for $12,000
less than was called for by the original estimate.
We of the Committee on Appropriations have
cut them down still further to $315,269 20,
being less by $16,977 than the Secretary of
War thought we ought to appropriate.
Some of the items which provoked discus-
sion when a similar bill was before a former
Congress have been now put in such a shape
as to obviate some of the difficulties then sug-
gested. In reference to the provision for addi-
tional pay to certain officers, there are laws
providing for it. I can say that I have looked
over all of them carefully, so far as I could
■understand them, though I will say that in
some cases, that of longevity rations, for in-
stance, I could not figure them up exactly; but
there are laws providing for all the items; and
to judge from the appropriation bills for the
last three or four years, all of which I have
examined, they seem to be entirely correct.
There is at least this to be said: all these pay-
ments must be made by the paymasters accord-
ing to the law ; and if the amount here appro-
priated is not used in two years it is to be
returned to the Treasury. Therefore the con-
tingent or miscellaneous expenses are greatly
reduced from what they have been heretofore.
And the other items seem to be, and no doubt
are, exactly as provided for bylaw, for the pay
of the instructors and for the additional pay
of officers. The amount for the number of
cadets is certainly correct, and the j)ay and
allowances are such as are now provided by
law.
I doubt whether there is anything in the bill
which will provoke much criticism by mem-
bers of this House. I will only say this in
regard to the fire-proof building, for which
there is an appropriation of $25,000; it was
shown to the committee that the archives of
this institution are now wholly insecure. The
only building they have to use for that pur-
pose now is the building for the school of in-
struction, and the cadets have to be marched
from one part of the ground to another in all
weathers, involving a great loss of time'be-
sides great inconvenience. The archives of
this institution have once been destroyed by
fire. Two or three years ago an appropriation
of $15,000 was made for this purpose, although
at the time those in charge of the institution
announced that it was wholly insufficient to
build a fire-proof building; and the amount
so appropriated was not used for some time oh
that account. But it has now been used, the
foundation of a building has been constructed,
and one story of the building has been greeted,
on the distinct assurance that a further appro-
priation of at least $25,000 would be required
to complete the building.
Such recommendations have been made to
the Committee on Appropriations as made it
apparent to us that this fire-proof building was
necessary. And as the sura of $15,000 has al-
ready been expended under the circumstances
I have stated, it was deemed proper that we
should make the further appropriation herein
contained, especially as in every other respect
they have evidently brought down their ex-
penses to the lowest possible amount. It will-be
observed that heretofore we have appropriated
a gross sum—from sixty to sixty-four thousand
dollars—to cover all these miscellaneous ex-
penses ; but as the committee havp reduced the
amountto the extentof some six or eightthou-
sand dolWs we thought it best to set forth in
the bill the details of the various appropria-
tions that the House may understand the
nature of the several items.
If no gentleman desires to discuss the bill
I will move that the committee rise and report
it to the House.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Chairman, I do not de-
sire to discuss the bill; but if the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] will allow me, I
would like to occupy a moment in making a
single suggestion.
Mr. BECK. I yield to the gentleman with
pleasure.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no opposition to make
to the bill; but there is one matter on which
the bill may have some bearing and upon which
I wish to say a word.
Members are, I believe, generally aware that
the pay of Army officers under existing laws is
so much complicated by allowances for forage,
longevity rations, &c., that, very few persons can
ascertain by any computation the actual pay of
an Army officer. I know that I am unable to
do so. I have introduced a bill which pro-
poses to give to each of our Army officers a
fixed salary, cutting off all the various allow-
ances authorized by existing laws. If such a
measure were enacted everybody would know
from a glance at a single law the pay of any
officer of the Army.
I know not whether the sentiment of the
House is favorable to a measure of that kind;
but if so the passage of the pending bill at the
present time might tend to forestall or at least
to embarrass the action of the House with
reference to such a proposition. I do not know
whether there is any necessity for the imme-
diate passage of this bill; if there is I have
no objection to make ; but I think it is time
Congress should fix by law the pay of Army
officers, so that this question may no longer be
attended with its present uncertainty.
Mr. BECK. This bill only provides in most
instances for the additional pay which these
officers receive. I entirely agree with the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] in bis sug-
gestion that there ought to be an entire remod-
eling of the system by which oar military
officers are paid; but that must be done in
some other bill than that now before the House.
In nearly every case embraced in this bill we
provide only for the payment of a specific sum
in addition to the pay regularly allowed by
law. If such a measure as that which the
gentleman from Illinois advocates should be
adopted, if we should simplify the method of
paying our military officers, that new method
of payment would apply to the pay of officers
attached to the establishment at West Point as
well as to others. If the gentleman has intro-
duced a bill for regulating the pay of MjKtarf
officers in a clearer and more Specific manner
than is done in existing laws I hope the meas-
ure will be adopted. .
Mr. LOGAN. If the House should agree
to a proposition to .fix. specifically by law ibe
salaries .of these military officers, instead of
continuing the present system by whieh the
pay is made up from longevity rations, &e.,
the difference would be that an offieer on duty
at "West Paint in an easy place, teaching, it
may be, a class in. philosophy or'something
of that kind, would not "receive mow pay than
an officer out on the plains engaged, rtmay be,
in fighting Indians every day. Under such a
revision of the law as I propose the officer in
comfortable quarters and in an easy place
would not get more pay than the man who has
a hard place out on the plains.
I merely make my suggestion now for the
benefit of the House. I shall at the earliest
opportunity, if no other gentleman brings for-
ward the measure, ask the House myself to
vote on a proposition of that kind.'giving to
every man in the -Army a fixed salary without
any allowances for rations, forage, or anything
else of that kind. I propose that each of these
officers shall be allowed such a salary as we
may think his services are worth,. My appre-
hension was that if this bill should now: be
passed in its present form it might forestall the
action of the House upon such a proposition
a31 have indicated. If out appropriation bills
in reference to the Army, are passed on the
basis of the existing law with reference to pay
of officers we may find ourselves hereafter em-
barrassed if we should desire to pass a bill
giving Army officers fixed salaries, and abolish-
ing the present system of allowances.
Mr. BECK. I desire to make a-few remarks
in answer to the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN. Before thegentleman proceeds
with his reply there is one other thing in refer-
ence to which I wish to ask Him a.question. And
in asking these questions let me assure him it
is from no opposition to this bill; for I have
the fullest confidence that the whole subject
has been fairly considered by the Committee on
Appropriations. I ask the gentleman whether
or not the committee investigated the fact that
there are a great many officers stationed at
West Point by detail who are not authorized by
law, and who have been assigned there simply
for the purpose of keeping them in a position,
"waiting orders" as it is called? I suppose
there are such supernumerary officers; but the
gentleman can answer whetheif it is so or not.
In looking at the Army Register I found a great
many officers detailed for daty at West Point
for whom I could find no authority of law. If
the committee investigated the subject of course
they will know more about it.
Mr. BECK. We have endeavored to invest-
igate all these things, and unless we have over-
looked some of them, and I do not think we
have, there is nothing in this bill not provided
for by law. On pages 104 and 105 of the book
of estimates the laws are referred to, and they
were all carefully examined; I examined most
of them myself; and unless I overlooked some
there is no officer in this bill not provided for
by law. In volume two of the Statutes-at-Large,
page 332, I find this provision:
" That the Superintendent of the Military Acad-
emy, while serving as such by appointment of the
President, shall have the local rank, pay, and allow-
ances of a colonel of engineers; that tho command-
ant of the corps of cadets at the Military Academy,
while serving as such by appointment of the Pres-
ident, shall have the local rank, pay, and allowances
of a lieutenant colonel of engineers, and besides hij
other duties shall he charged with the duties of
instructor in tactics of the three arms to said com-
mand ; and that the senior assistant instrootor in
each of the arms of the service, namely, of artillery,
cavalry, and infantry, shall severally receive the pay
and allowances of the assistant professor ol mathe-
matics."
I read that to show that tie officers for whose
extra allowance we are now appropriating are
men who, holding the rank of captain, af&
