590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
entitled to the pay of lieutenant colonels from
their position, and others holding the rank of
lieutenant to the pay of captains. It is this
increase in money that we are now providing
for. As has been already remarked, the great
difficulty is to know what is the true sum; but
that is the fault of the law and not the fault of
the committee. I believe the defect is in the
law, and that it ought to be changed. This is
all I have to say, unless some gentlemen wish
to ask me a question.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is a point in refer-
ence to which I desire some explanation before
the gentleman takes his seat. I wish to call
his attention to page 3 of the bill, where I find
the following:
For tho departments of drawing, French, cthies,
Spanish, chemistry, mineralogy, and geology, includ-
ing $1,000 and no more for the yearly supply of
chemicals, glassware, porcelain, paper, &c., for tho
latter department, S4.010.
I ask the gentleman whether it is intended
that this $1,000 shall be appropriated for the
department of geology, and if so, whether it is
needed for that purpose ?
Mr. BECK. I can only state that the esti-
mate was for $4,245 alid that we have here
appropriated only $4,010.
Mr. MAYNARD. The question is not as
to the amount; but whether this $1,000 spe-
cifically provided here is intended for the de-
partment of geology. I do not see why that
department should want it, while I can see
why the department of chemistry should.
Mr. BECK. My impression is, and I speak
from recollection, that it applied to the depart-
ment of chemistry, mineralogy, and geology,
those three being considered as one.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman to
so amend the bill as to make that clear.
Mr. BECK. That can be done when we
come to consider the bill by sections.
Mr. MAYNARD. Probably through the
carelessness of the clerk, "&c.," has been left
in the bill in many places, and I hope it will
be stricken out.
Mr. BECK. I have no objection to that.
Mr. LAWRENCE. If the bill interfered
with the reform suggested by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] it would be a serious
objection to my mind; but, as I understand, it
does not interfere with the desirable reforms
suggested by that gentleman. It proposes sim-
ply to appropriate money to pay such expenses
as are or may be provided by law. Whatever
reforms may be made in our military affairs
will apply to this bill, as I understand it; that
the money will be expended according to the
requirements of tho law as they may be during
the next fiscal year.
I am very glad to find that the gentleman
from Illinois attended to this in his measures
of Army reform. It is certainly very much
needed. As I understand, there are now over
six hundred supernumerary military officers ;
and I think some provision ought to be made
by which the public would be relieved of the
expense of maintaining that vast number of
supernumerary and unnecessary officers. I
think, Mr. Chairman, there are no retired
officers assigned to duty at West Point whose
pay will be increased by any provision of this
bill, or by reason of any such assignment.
I will sa,y, however, that there are in the
Navy certain naval retired officers assigned to
duty whereby their pay is increased, and where
the duties might be performed by officers who
are not retired, and by whom they could be
perlormed without1 the public expenditure
being increased.
Mr. LOGAN. I think the gentleman has
probably not noticed the fact that during last
session of Congress I introduced a bill provid-
ing that no retired officer should be assigned
to any duty whatever. That bill was yesterday
or the day before signed by the Speaker, hav-
ing passed the Seriate, and now under that law
retired officers cannot be assigned to duty. -
Mr. LAWRENCE. That was with regard
to the Army, and the whole country is indebted
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
for that and for other reforms. But there is
no such provision as to the Navy^
Mr. BECK. I move that the committee rise,
for the purpose of closing general debate upon
this bill.
Mr. KELSEY. And of reporting to the
House the pension appropriation bill.
The motion that the committee rise was
agreed to.
The committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Myers reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, pursuant to the order of the
House, had had under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 781) making appropriations for
the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending June 30,
1871, and had directed him to report the same
to tho House without amendment. Mr. MyeU3
also reported that the committee, pursuant to
the order of the House, had had under con-
sideration the bill (H. R. No. 782) making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy at West Point for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1871, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
pension appropriation bill.
Mr. KELSEY. I cal! the previous question
on the engrossment of the bill (H. R. No. 781)
making appropriations "for the payment of in-
valid and other pensions of tho United States
for the year ending June SO, 1871.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ARNELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
arkansas mounted infantry.
Mr. ROOTS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 121) pro-
viding for the payment of the fourth Arkansas
mounted infantry volunteers ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
relief of settlers.
Mr. POMEROY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 872) for the relief
of the settlers on certain lands in the State of
Iowa ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
military academy bill.
Mr. BECK moved that when the House
again resolves itself into Committee of the
Whole on the Military Academy appropriation
bill all general debate thereon shall close in
five minutes after the committee shall resume
consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
morning hour.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Rules:
Resolved, That tho Committee on the Rules be in-
structed to inquire into tho expediency of so chang-
ing the rules as to devote two hours instead of ouo
hour to the business of the morning hour on Tues-
day, Wednesday, and Friday of each week during
the session.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent,
moved for leave to withdraw from the files of
the House the bill (H. R. No. 1141) 0f the
Fortieth Congress entitled "A bill for the
relief of David Bell," with the accompanying
papers.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. ASPER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of Krug & Hat, of St. Joseph, Missouri.
Mr. HOLSlAN. I rise to a point of order..
I submit that the rules require that when papers
are withdrawn from the files of the House
copies shall be left.
The SPEAKER.. That was proposed, but it
was never made a rule of the House. There
is no such rule.
Mr. HOLM AN." It has been the uniform
practice of the House to have copies left of
papers withdrawn from the files of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the
Chair that the practice has been varied. The
proper practice, however, is to leave copies of
the papers "withdrawn.
monument at west point.
Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 122)
donating captured cannon for the purpose of
constructing a monument at West Point, New
York ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
costom-house at charleston.
Mr. BO WEN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 873) for an appropri-
ation of money to complete the custom-house
at Charleston, South Carolina; which was read
a first and second time, and referred ,to the
Committee on Appropriations.
george m. smith.
Mr. BOWEN also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 123)
allowing late Acting Ensign George M. Smith
a share in certain prizes captured by the Uni-
ted States steamer Aries; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
jerome e. pampell.
Mr. HAMILL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 874) for the relief
of Jerome E. Pampell; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
george p. ramsburg.
Mr. HAMILL also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 875) for the re-
lief of George P.. Ramsburg : which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
,Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
various votes by which bills and joint resolu-
tions had been referred; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national school of agriculture.
Mr. DOX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture is
hereby authorized to inquire into the expediency of
establishing by act of Congress a national school of
agriculture and the mechanic arts, so far as the
latter may be applied to the uses of agriculture;
and it in the opinion of said committee the estab-
lishment of such school would be expedient and
advisable, that itreport to this Housefor its consider-
ation a bill providing for the establishment of such
national school of agriculture.
thomas J. mackey.
Mr. WHITTEMORE, by unanimous consent.
submitted the following resolutions; which
were read, considered, and agreed to :
4 usolveAli?hat tht Committee o9 Freedmcn's
Attairs be, and they are hereby, authorized and re-
quired to inquire into the facts concerning the em-
jn I Biireauof Refugees, Freedmen, and
Oaroh^T6!?,,^ i°i ^210mas ?■ Maekey, of South
IS.oJ. 'i ^ officer, who was paid for ser-
erkln that bureau while under disabil ities,
and consequently could not, -without committing
penury, take the oath of July 2.1802, wMehSath S
XSVa? °f Congress approved March3, 1855. "to
?,Bure?u j0J I11® Relief of Freedmen and
hilaidTureauq. H by ttUtheempluy«a
nAnibeitfurther resolved, That the committee be,
b™lre h<ireb3'.- empowered to send to the bu-
fr8iim ashington for persons and
fngs toihe Hous?. mc' t0 reP°H 1>rooeed-
