18T0.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS: A petition, numerously
signed by citizens of Pulaski county, Ken-
tucky, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of S. P. Jew-
ell and 40 others, of Oregon, Holt county,
Missouri, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of Mrs.
Martha A. Geer, of Massachusetts, for a pen-
sion.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Massachu-
setts in behalf of the staff officers of the Navy,
and for the more efficient organization of this
Department of the Government, signed by
Hon William Claflin, Governor of Massachu-
setts; Hon. Walter Harriuian, late Governor of
New Hampshire; Hon. Alvin Adair, Edwin
Morton, P. J. Stone, A. C. Mayhew, M. A.
Herrick, treasurer of Nashua Iron Company ;
W. Amory, T. J. Walworth, secretary Boston
Machine Company; B. Horace Hunt, William
E. Coffin, Nelson Curtis, agent Atlantic Works;
William C. Colton, for American Tube Works;
Harrison Loring, E. L. Norton, late mayor of
Charlestown; William D. Ross, Henry Walker,
G. Washington Warren, Albert J. Wright,
W. T. Gliddon, E. H. Rollins, and J. M. S.
Williams.
By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of William
Wishart, H. G. Coons, and many others, citi-
zens of Ontario, Richland county, Ohio, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BOYD: A petition of citizens of
Granby, fourth congressional district of Mis-
souri, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Carthage, Mis-
souri, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By_ Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of J. W. P. Abbot and 88 others, cit-
izens of Westford, Massachusetts, for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The _ memorial of
E. C. Butler and 171 others, citizens of Pair-
haven, Massachusetts, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of Cyrus E. Clark and
47 others, citizens of Acushnet, Massachu-
setts, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the memorial of Franklin Snow and
79 others, citizens of Chatham, Massachusetts,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts : The
petition of Leis Stevens, a citizen of the. United
States, for authority to furnish the Treasury
Department with superior illuminating gas at
$2 25 per thousand cubic feet, being one dollar
per thousand cubic feet less than is now paid,
the works to be erected at petitioner's expense
and on his own ground.
Also, apetition ofthe jurymen of the United
States circuit court at ^Boston for increase of
pay sufficient to cover ordinary expenses.
Also, a petition ofconsumers, manufacturers,
and importers of nitrate of potash, nitrate of
soda, chlorate of potash, and saltpeter, for the
removal of all duties from those articles.
Also, the petition of George W. Jackman
and 151 others, for the revival of the ship-
building interest.
Also, a petition of letter-carriers of Salem,
Massachusetts, for increase of salary.
Also, a petition of citizens of Beverly,
Massachusetts, for the abolition ofthe franking
privilege.
_ By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: A petition of
citizens of Annaton, Grant county, Wisconsin,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Dodgeville,
Iowa county, Wisconsin, against any reduc-
tion of the rate of impost duty on foreign lead.
Also, a petition of citizens of Montfort, Grant
county, Wisconsin, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
_ Also, a petition of citizens of Casseli's Prai •
rie, Wisconsin, for the same purpose.
By Mr. COWLES: A petition of citizens
of Walworth, Wayne county, New York, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, apetition of citizens of Cayuga county,
New York, for a pension to the soldiers of the
war of 1812.
Also, a petition of citizens of Wayne county,
New York, for the improvement of the harbor
of Pultneyville, New "Xork.
By Mr. CULLOM: The petition of J. C.
Sheldon, James Brown, and all the members
of the grand and petit juries of the United
States circuit and district courts at Springfield,
Illinois, also the district attorney, the clerks,
and the attorneys, asking Congress to increase
the per diem of jurors in attendance upon
United States courts.
By Mr. DYER: A petition of 70 citizens
of New Florence, Missouri, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 40 citizens of Sturgeon,
Missouri, asking for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. FERRY: The memorial of E. C.
Bogert, Mark Flanigan, and 100 others, from
New York and Detroit cities, praying that
Congress will exercise the greatest caution in
the introduction of principles into maritime
service which they apprehend may be fraught
with danger to the public welfare.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG:, The petition of
John Mooney, asking indemnity for losses sus-
tained during the war.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: A memorial
ofthe iron manufacturers of Youngstown, Ohio,
remonstrating against any reduction of the
tariff on iron.
Also, petitions of citizens of Farmington,
Trumbull county, Ohio, to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Chardon,
Geauga county, Ohio, to abolish the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Suffield, Port-
age county, Ohio, to abolish the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Spring Valley,
Greene county, Ohio, to abolish the franking
privilege.
By Mr. IIALDEMAN: The petition of
James Sharon, Granville Gladfelter, Frank
Geise, and others, citizens of Hanover Junc-
tion, York county, Pennsylvania, in favor of
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Iladley P. Burrill, postmaster of
Chelsea, Massachusetts, and 198 others, citi-
zens of that city, for the abolition ofthe franking
privilege.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The petition of I.
N. Nichols and 33 others, citizens of Stark
county, Illinois, asking the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of David Leonarker and
17 others, citizens of Putnam county, Illinois,
asking the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. JUDD : The petition of John L.
i Hancock and others, asking care and caution
in interfering with the discipline of the Navy.
Also, a memorial of the German Coloniza-
j tion Company of Colfax, county of Fr6mont,
! Territory of Colorado.
Also, the petitions of T. Marsh and others,
and of W. F. Wilder and others, asking the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of C. R.
Wells and others, of New Haven, Connecticut,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of Mrs.
Anna McCance, of Madoc, county of Hastings,
Canada, for arrears of pension forfeited by
reason of failure to apply within five years from
the death of her son. . . ,
Also, the petition ofH. J. Cowjesand others,
citizens of Osceola, Lewis county, New York,
in favor of the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. MAYHAM : The petition of James
H. White and 150 others, citizens of Albany,
New York, for the erection of a United States
Government building in that city.
Also, a petition from several citizens of
Albany, New York, for the repeal of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. MERCUR : A petition of 270 citi-
zens of Troy, Bradford county, Pennsylvania,
praying that the franking privilege be abol-
ished.
Also, a petition of 40 citizens of Berwick,
Columbia county, Pennsylvania, praying that
the franking privilege be abolished.
Also, the petition of Louisa P. Shellhart,
praying that she may be granted a pension.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey : The peti-
tion of Captain John Price and 105 owners
and masters of vessels of Somer's point, New
Jersey, praying a for light-ship on Winter Quar-
ter shoal, and for a light-house on Block Island.
Also, apetition frotn owners and masters of
vessels of Absecom, New Jersey' for the same
purpose.
Also, a petition from the owners and mas-
ters of vessels of Bridgeton, New Jersey, for the
same purpose.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The petition of
William Smith and 43 citizens of Meigs county,
Ohio, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege. •
By Mr. MORGAN : The memorial of Rich-
ard G. Pegram, of Petersburg, Virginia, pray-
ing for removal of political disabilities.
Also, the petition of Peter G. Batte, of a
similar import.
Also, the petition of Hugh A. Sheffey, of a
similar import.
Also, a petition of 640 citizens of Coshocton
county, Ohio, asking for an amendment of the
Constitution so as to recognize Almighty God
as the source of power.
By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania: A
petition of 45 citizens of McVeytown, Pennsyl-
vania, asking that the franking privilege be
abolished.
Also, the petition of Polly Finlev, daughter
of Captain Nehemiah Stokely, of the revolu-
tionary war, for relief.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Barbara
Shaney, widow of Michael Shaney, company F,
eleventh Pennsylvania volunteers, for a special
act giving her a pension from April 9, 1864.
Also, the petition of Mary Ann Litchfield,
widow of Peter Litchfield, company F, forty-
eighth Pennsylvania volunteers, for a pension
from May 16, 186.".
Also, the petition of Melissa Andrews, widow
of Joseph Andrews, company B, seventh Penn-
sylvania cavalry.
By Mr. McNEELY: The petition of Thomas
IT. McBlroy and others, citizens of Fulton
county, Illinois, asking the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of John C. Hesley and
others, citizens of Pike county, Illinois, asking
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of An-
drew Reinfort, late of company B, fifty-eighth
regiment of Indiana volunteers, praying for a
pension.
By Mr. ORTH: The petition of Elizabeth
Brewer, mother of Henry Brewer,- sixteenth
Indiana battery, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of jf'eter F. Haston, com-
pany I, third Indiana volunteers, for arrears
of pension.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth Parkhnrst,
mother of Reese Parkhurst, first Iowa battery,
for arrears of pension.
