592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Also, the petition of Josiah S. Clark, of
Indiana, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Richard Bird, company
E, forty-sixth Indiana volunteers, for arrears
of pension.
Also, the petition of William A. Taylor,
company G, seventh regiment Indiana volun-
teers.
Also, the petition of Fielding Wheaton, com-
pany I, seventy-ninth Indiana volunteers.
Also, the petition of Asa Hart, company G,
seventh regiment Indiana volunteers.
Also, the petition of Homer Craft, company
A, fifty-seventh regiment Indiana volunteers.
Also, the petition of Willis Floyd, company
F, tenth regiment Indiana volunteers.
Also, the petition of PermeneasH. Ragsdale,
company G, forty-second Indiana volunteers.
Also, the petition of John Conwell, company
I, fifth regiment Illinois cavalry.
By Mr. PACKARD: A petition of citizens
of Hobart, Indiana, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 48 surviving soldiers
and widows of deceased soldiers of tlie war
of 1812 whose ages average seventy-five years,
the names having been obtained by Thomas
Kellogg, aged eighty years, by traveling on foot
over two thousand miles.
By Mr. PAINE: A memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, for reimbursement of
moneys expended by the city of Milwaukee
on the harbor of Milwaukee.
Also, a memorial of the Chamber of Com-
merce of Milwaukee, for reimbursement of
moneys expended on the harbor of Milwaukee.
Also, a memorial of the mayor and common
council of Milwaukee, for reimbursement for
moneys advanced for the construction of the
straight cut at Milwaukee.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of William
Buck, of Foxcroft, Maine, for compensation
for horse and other property lost or destroyed
in the military service of the United States.
Also, the petitions of Solomon Dunningand
others, ofCharleston, Maine; of M. Currier and
others, of Orrington, Maine ; of Josiah Crosby
and others, of Dexter, Maine; ofE. Hopkins
and others, of Hampden, Maine ; of Aretas
Chapin and others, of Monson, Maine ; of A.
H. Jenks and others, of Brownville, Maine,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of Hon.
Julius Converse and 200 others, of Woodstock,
Vermont, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. REEVES: The petition of James
C. 'lownsend, M. D., Ellwood Valentine, R.
M. Bowne, and 32 others, citizens of Glen
Cove, in Queens county, New York, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of C. B. Moore, Buel G.
Davis, George W. Young, 26 masters of ves-
sels, and 21 others, citizens of Greenport, Suf-
folk county, New York, for an appropriation
to build a breakwater on the bar off the harbor
of Port Jefferson, Long Island.
By -Mr. RICE: A petition of citizens of
Lawrence county, Kentucky, for the establish-
ment of a post route from Louisa, Kentucky,
to Louisville, Kentucky.
By Mr. SPINK: The petition of M. N.
Hoyt, and 110 others, citizens of Yankton,
Dakota Territory, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from Columbus, in the State
of Nebraska, to Yankton, in the Territory of
Dakota.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of M. C. Hill and others, of Mystic Bridge,
Connecticut, asking for the repeal of the tax
on ship-building interests.
By Mr. STRONG: A petition of citizens of
Manchester, Connecticut, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.'
By Mr. TANNER: Two petitions for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WINANS: A petition numerously
signed by citizens of South Charleston, Ohio,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
, By Mr. WILLIAMS: A petition of 40 citi-
zens of Wolcottville, Indiana, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WILLARD: The petition of Delia
Como, of Bristol, Addison county, Vermont,
for a pension.
IN SENATE. ;
Thursday, January 20, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
committee on ventilation.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the concurrent resolution of
the Senate providing for the appointment of
a joint select committee of the two Houses
on the subject of lighting, heating, and venti-
lating the Senate Chamber and the Hall of the
House.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was to add to the resolution the words
" and shall report also upon the probable cost
thereof."
Mr. NYE. I move that the Senate concur
in the amendment of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator to state the result of it.
Mr. NYE. It is a proposition for the ap-
pointment of a joint committee to inquire into
the lighting, heating, and ventilating of these
rooms. The amendment is simply that they
shall report the probable cost to the two Houses
before anything is done.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not contain defi-
nite authority to contract any expense ?
Mr. NYE. No authority except to report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is for the appointment of a joint select commit-
tee, and the House of Representatives amends
it by proposing that the committee shall report
the probable cost of any changes that may be
recommended. The question is on concurring
in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. How shall the
committee on the part of the Senate be ap-
pointed?
Several Senators. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so ordered. The Chair
will state that three members of the Senate
committee of five on Ventilation, appointed
in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, stillremain mem-
bers of this body; and the Chair appoints those
Senators as members of the committee on the
£ art of the Senate. They are the Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] the Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Axthony,] and the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, [Mr. Stookton.]
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented two
petitions of citizens of Illinois, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a memorial
of the city authorities of Milwaukee, Wiscon-
sin, asking an appropriation to reimburse that
city for money expended in the construction
of Milwaukee harbor ; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
_ Mr. CAMERON presented four petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege ; which were
referred to the Committee on Post£)ffices and
Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of letter-carriers
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying for an
increase of compensation ; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Albany, New York, praying an appro-
priation for the erection of a building in that
city for the accommodation of the post office,
United States courts, &e.; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was referred to the
Committee on Bast Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. BICE presented the petition of Joseph
Holman, of Arkansas, praying the removal of
his political disabilities; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. DRAKE. I present the memorial of
W. F. M. Arny, of New Mexico, asking Con-
gress to provide to make immediately available
means for the establishment of schools in New
Mexico equal to the provisions made for the
other States and Territories; and also asking
the passage of a law granting to the several
Legislative Assemblies of the Territories of the
United States power to pass general aets of
incorporation permitting persons to associate
themselves as bodies-corporate for the purpose
of establishing and conducting universities,
colleges, schools, and other institutions of an
educational character. I move its reference to
the Committee on Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING presented the proceedings
of the board of trustees of the Seamen's Fund
and Retreat, asking the erection of a marine
hospital in the city of New York; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Albany, New York, for the erection of a pub-
lic building for the accommodation of the post
office, United States courts, &e., in that city ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. CONKLING. I also present the peti-
tion of a large number of citizens of the county
of Scoharie, in the State of New York, asking
that an end be put to a practice known by
some as the franking privilege; and I ask that
this petition be referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
It was so referred.
Mr. CORBETT. I am requested to present
the memorial of certain physicians in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, asking for the grant of a
charter to a new medical society in the District,
which will give all rights, privileges, and im-
munities to all physicians irrespective of color.
I move its reference to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Columbus, Bartholomew county, Indi-
ana, praying the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of J.
H. Merrill, of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, praying that the sum of thirty dollars be
refunded to him, which he claims was illegally
demanded from him in April,. 1856, by the
examiner of patents, after his patent had
been rejected the second time, and which he
states was rejected on account of prejudice;
which was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of Mrs.
Sophie Schultz, of Louisville, Kentucky, pray-
ing to be allowed a pensionwhich was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Maine, praying the abolition
of the franking privilege: which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
_ Mr. BOREMAN presented a petition of
citizens of West Virginia, praying the abolition
ot the franking privilege; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented « petition of citi-
zens 'of Georgetown, District of Columbia,
