1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
■ration, and devotion waging unequal war with
a mighty nation, and finally, under the provi-
dence of God, achieving national independence.
We see every step they take to secure upon sale
foundations the structure they build. We see
them bind it' together and hedge it about by
the strong bands and solid bulwarks of liberty,
equality, and justice. And we point with lofty
pride to the results of their toils, their wisdom,
and their patriotism. As the nation grows
greater, as the plans and purposes of its fathers
are more completely developed by the agency
of institutions they planted; as the exceptions
to the law of equality, liberty, and justice which
they found it impossible to avoid, one by one
disappear under the application of the princi-
ples they enunciated, their sacrifices, their vir-
tues, and their foresight shine with a purer
light, and the heart of the Republic pays them
a sincerer homage.
There is no tribute to their memories so
honorable and so fitting as the practice of the
virtues they taught and exemplified. The adop-
tion of their principles; the imitation of their
examples, so far as they are adapted to the
time and circumstances in which we live ; the
embodiment in the national character of the
high and noble traits which distinguished their
characters, would be the highest homage we
could pay to their memories.
But signs and tokens, figures and images,
are often useful in calling to mind ideas which
without such memorials would too often grow
dim and fade away. Thus wc erect statues
io the illustrious dead. We hang in our public
places portraits of those who have honored and
served the nation, and whom the nation honors,
that the frequent sight of their forms and fea-
tures may impress anew each day on our minds
the lesson of their live?. Thuswould we remind
the busy throng who crowd these halls and cor-
ridors of the heroic past, and encourage them
to imitate the characters of those who made it
heroic. The marble from which the cunning
hand of the sculptor has chiseled, and the can-
vas on which the painter has limned, the fea-
tures of the patriot and statesman are no longer
mute, but speak with beneficent power to
multitudes of those whose eyes never saw and
never can see their mortal forms. To few of
those whose names are on the roll of revolu-
tionary fame is it more becoming that the hon-
ors of an enduring monument should be paid
than to Nathaniel Greene.
Nurtured under the influences of a sect who
looked upon all war as sinful, be could not
believe that the claims of his country were in-
consistent with his duty to his God. llis ardent
patriotism broke the shackles which the reli-
gious faith of bis fathers had sought, to impose
on his young mind, and his country's need was
the call to her defense which he obeyed with
alacrity and zeal.
Early placed in an important position in the
Continental armies, he gave his whole mind
and heart to his work, and only laid off his
harness when the good fight had been won.
The retreat through New Jersey, the battles
of Trenton, Princeton, Brandywine, German-
town, and Monmouth, all bore witness to his
coolness, his bravery, his fidelity, and his
sagacity. In the responsible and arduous du-
ties of quartermaster general his method, his
energy, his foresight, and his integrity made
themselves fell through the whole service.
Entering upon those duties when that branch
of the service was in a state of disorganization
and confusion, his loyal enthusiasm and his
self-denying patriotism overcame all obstacles,
made order and system succeed disorder and
inefficiency, and added largely to the effective
power of the Army. And when influenced by
the calumny of his enemies the Continental Con-
gress ordered an investigation into his adminis-
tration, the committee who made it were com-
pelled to report that it had given them 1 ■ a unani-
mous conviction of his ability, fidelity.and zeal."
But it. is no disparagement to his great services
elsewhere to say that the tin ater of his greatest
triumphs was on the soil of the Carolinas.
Ordered to the command of the southern army
when, as he says, "it was rather a, shadow
than a substance, having only an imaginary ex-
istence in a territory almost exclusively in
possession of the British troops ; his own men
disheartened by previous defeats, ill-fed, ill-
clothed, rarely paid, if at all, frequently
changed by the States which furnished them,
thus throwing upon the service all those evils
inevitably incident to the use of raw recruits
for field duty; confronted almost constantly
by a force superior in numbers, organization,
equipment, discipline, and experience, and
officered by men bred to the profession of
arms, Greene's genius overcame all these dis-
advantages, often gained victories, and though
often defeated, drew from defeat the fruits of
victory. His power in keeping up the morale
of an army composed as his was, under all the
privations to which they were subject, can only
be accounted for by the influence upon officers
and men of a character in all respects admira-
ble and remarkable.
It is not necessary to follow him through the
memorable campaigns which drove the enemy
from the soil of North and South Carolina and
ended the war in those colonies. Eutaw Springs,
Hobkirk's Ilill, Guilford Court-House, Cam-
den, Ninety-six, are household words in the
Carolinas, always suggesting the heroic sacri-
fices of Greene and his lieutenants. The story
of his advances and his retreats, his victories
and his defeats, his long-continued and patient-
ly-borne sufferings, and of his final and com-
plete triumph, are written on the hearts of all
true Carolinians and all true Americans. His
fame is one of the nation's rich treasures ; his
life and services are a part of the nation's
glory ; his memory is cherished in the nation's
heart; and the honor in which it is held is fitly
symbolized by the erection of a statue here in
the Capitol. The States of North and South
Carolina and Georgia honored themselves by
bestowing upon him large gifts in his life-
time. Fortunate was it that Rhode Island had
such a son to contribute to the band of our
national benefactors ; that she was able to add
a star of such magnitude to that galaxy of
luminaries whose characters illustrated our
revolutionary era; and it is an honor to her
that she now places under this roof the image
of one who, though her citizen, belonged in
the day of its trial and will for all time belong
to the Republic.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Pres-
ident, 1 rise with some reluctance, and yet if.
may not be a violation of good taste for me to
add a few words to the very appropriate and
eloquent remarks of the Senator from Rhode
Island and the Senators who followed, as I may
be held somewhat responsible for originating
the idea that the grand old Hall of the House
of Representatives, the finest Hall certainly
in our whole country or perhaps in any other,
should be set apart and dedicated to the sacred
purpose of holding forever the forms of those
who while living most largely distinguished
themselves in the history of our country and
of their respective States. The Ha.ll, though
hemmed in between the two new Halls of
Congress so as to make it impracticable to
devote it to any useful object except as a mere
place for documentary lumber, it was thought
to he desirable to rescue from such desecra-
tion. and preserve its admirable and artistic
proportions for higher and nobler objects. It
has the prestige of having been the place where
occurred some of the most remarkable debates
in our history, and where many of the states-
men of young America first exhibited their
power and eloquence. It. is appropriate to the
object to which it has been consecrated and to
whic-h the Stale of Rhode Island so auspiciously
make? its contribution. This is the first offer-
ing. and is entirely worthy of the patriotic and
generous State fiom which it comes, both as
being a proper selection of an eminent name
to be commemorated, and, so far as I am able
to judge, as a most creditable work of art—
such as the American people may look upon
•with a large measure of satisfaction and de-
light, and without that fear and trembling which
some specimens about us are apt to excite. At
length we have at least one more work—or,
including Stone's Hamilton, two—besides the
marvelously beautiful conception of the figure
of Time in the old Hall, which does not deserve
to be driven out by a scourge of small cords.
In the Old World their public edifices are
crowded with paintings and statuary, repre-
senting incidents and persons prominent in the
history of each nation, the facts ieing mSde
to glitter with every embellishment of genius;
and it cannot be doubted that the pride of the
people is thus powerfully invoked to perpetu-
ate the solidity of their Governments, though
founded, as we believe, on principles entirely
aud fundamentally wrong. But may we not
legitimately invoke the pride of our people in
behalf of the national capital of a Government
founded on principles entirely right? It can-
no^ be questioned that the carrying out of the
design embodied in the statutes, adopted as it
was by so general a concurrence of the mem-
bers of each House of Congress, will tend to
cement together the great sisterhood of States.
No partisan feeling can ever mar or mutilate
the purpose that each State will have upper-
most, which must be to present its best repre-
sentative men. The image and superscription
of Jackson or Clay, Hamilton or Madison,
.Lincoln or Douglas, in this place will be as
welcome and as current one as the other.
When other States in due time shall follow
the lead of to-day, as I do not doubt they soon
will follow, we shall have a collection of statues
representing a class of men among a peculiar
people, deservedly distinguished in their day
and generation, such as the rolls of few nations
can present. Bach State will vie with every
other, not grudging the small expense, in offer-
ing a work of art that will shed an additional
luster upon the State as well as upon the
memory of the person made to stand forth in
a form to endure forever; and the stars thus
assembled will form a constellation of the
foremost magnitude and brilliancy. Let the
old Hall be graced with but a half dozen works
of such beauty as the one here this day uncov-
ered, illustrative of some of the glories in our
civil or military history, and the sixty odd other
statues that will be entitled to entrance will be
soon found knocking at the doors for admis-
sion. Instead of querying as to whether all the
States will furnish their quota of two, or even
any, the question most likely to perplex the
future will be. Shall any State have place for
more?
Our lifetime has been but brief, but there is
not a single State which cannot present more
than one jewel in its past history which it
sacredly guards as the very apple of the eye,
and which when fairly brought out to be gazed
upon by the world might not challenge the ad-
miration of the nation, and inspire every citizen
with a new love for the copartners ot a per-
petual Union and with a higher and nobler
love of our country and our countrymen.
Our gratitude is then due to the gallant little
State of Rhode Island for being once more
foremost in the field.
In the course of the speech of Mr. Mob-
Rii.i,. of Vermont,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Vermont will please suspend. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived the Virginia bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my colleague will
be allowed to go on until he finishes his
remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] suggests that the
unfinished business be informally passed over.
The Cbair hears no objection, and the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. MormmJ will resume.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, having con-
cluded,
