598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
selves, which were intended to control their
future action after admission. This legislative
interpretation of the constitutional authority
of Congress to enact such laws began with the
State of Ohio, and I call the attention of the
Senate to the character of some of the condi-
tions to the admission of that State. The act
providing for the admission of the State of j
Ohio contains the following clause: j
" The convention shall form for the people of said !
Stato a constitution and State government: Pro-
vided, The same shall be republican and not repug-
nant with the ordinance of the 13th of July, 1787,
between the original States and the people and
States of the territory northwest of the river Onio."
This is not included in the articles of com-
pact requiring the formal consent of Ohio. It
is a declaration on the part of Congress pre-
scribing that the people of that State shall so
form their State constitution as to be in con^
formity to the provisions of a previous act of
the Congress of the confederated States, which
among other things prohibited slavery. What-
ever of rorce it possessed did not grow out of
any formal agreement to its provisions by the
peode of the proposed State. It is simply a
declaratory statute, requiring the new^State to
prohibit slavery in its constitution.^ Succeed-
ing this provision, in the same act, will be found
what is styled the articles of compact between
the United States and the State of Ohio, con-
cluding with this proviso:
"That the threo foregoing propositions herein
offered, on the condition that the convention of the
said State shallprovidobyan ordinance irrevocable
without tho consent of the United States, that overy
and each tract of land sold by Congress from and
after the 13th day of June shall bo and remain ox-
empt from any tax laid by order or under authority
of tho State, whether for State, county, township, or
any other purpose whatever, for tho term of live
years from and after the day of sale."
These articles required the formal assent of
the State to give them force, but their approval
seems to be prescribed as a condition to its
admission into the Union of States.
Here is a clear assumption of the right of
Congress to enter into a contract; to make a
bargain with a new State in advance of its
admission to representation on the floor of Con-
gress ; to make a bargain on a subject affecting
her most vital interests; to limit her right to
levy taxes, a power necessary to the very exist-
ence of a State, and to require her assent as
a condition of her admission ; to require her
to surrender her right of taxation of the
property of her own private citizens located
within its limits for a period of five years after
the United States bad ceased to have any
interest in itor control over it, orto remain out
of the Union ; and also a clear assumption of
the right to regulate and control the relation
of the laborer to the employer by a declaratory
statute merely. Congress simply requires Ohio
to exclude slavery from her limits. Here is a
fundamental condition, which is not put into
the form of a compact, as trenchant as any
amendment proposed to this bill.
These fundamental conditions required of
Ohio were repeated in the acts for the admis-
sion of each of the new States of the north-
west and those located in the south and south-
west. I need not recite the text of these laws.
With verbal variations these fundamental con-
ditions were required, I believe, of nearly every
one of the new States admitted into the Union
before the commencement of the rebellion,
when this legislative construction could not
have been affected by the altered condition of
the country or the imperious law of necessity.
During the progress of the war, and since its
close, this power of prescribing fundamental
conditions has been exercised in the admission
of new States, and also in admitting to rep-
resentation the recently rebellious States. In
the act for the admission of Nebraska I find a
provision of this kind :
"That this act shall not take effect except upon
the fundamental condition that within tho State of
Nebraska there shall be no denial of the elective
franchise or of any other right to any persons by
reason of race or color, excepting Indians not taxed.''
To go back a little in the order of time, I
may remark that in the admission of Missouri
that various fundamental conditions were pre-
scribed of great gravity, one of which has been
known in political history as the Missouri
compromise, which was intended to affect the
power of all future governments^ thence after-
ward to be organized in the territory north of
a prescribed geographical line.
In the. readmission to representation of Ark-
ansas, North Carolina, South Carolina, Flor-
ida, Alabama, and Louisiana, fundamental
conditions were prescribed in nearly the very
words of the pending amendment.
Bnl, Mr. President, we are told that the
necessity which then existedhas ceased; that
if these fundamental conditions were then
necessary for the protection of the recently
enfranchised slaves, the occasion has passed
away; that with the adoption of the proposed
fifteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United Sta.tes these people will be amply se-
cured in their newly acquired rights. But, Mr.
President, this amendment to the Constitution
has not yet been adopted by threefourths of the
States, and no one can certainly foresee when it
will becomc a part of the Constitution. Assum-
ing, however, that it will soon bo a part of the
fundamental law of the land in all the States,
does it obviate the necessity of the pending
amendment to this bill? Let us examine its
purpose and scope. It provides that—
"The right of citizens of the United States to vote
shall not be denied or abridged by tho United States
or by any State on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude."
The, pending amendment provides that the
existing constitution of Virginia shall not be
changed so as to deprive any citizen of the
United States in that State of tho right to vote
or to hold oflicc who is now constitutionally
entitled to that right. Does the proposed
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States cover the ground which is covered by
the pending amendment to this'bill? Would
it not be perfectly practicable for the people of
Virginia to so amend their constitution as to
permit the enactment of laws in strict con-
formity with the terms of the fifteenth amend-
ment which would practically exclude from the
right of suffrage a very large proportion of the
colored citizens of the United States residing
within that State ?
The Senator from Now York [Mi'.Conklixg]
called attention to this subject a few days since
when this amendment was offered to the Sen-
ate bill. In the course of his remarks he
inquired with great pertinency if the Senate
had carefully considered the scope of its pro-
visions ; whether the friends of the amendment
could desire to deprive Virginia of«the right to
exclude vagrants, paupers, the insane and idiots
from the ballot-box and from office; whether
she ought to bo deprived of tho right to pro-
scribe educational or property qualifications.
I was hardly certain at the time whether these
inquiries were intended to be understood as
suggestions of grave objections to the proposi-
tion or as a sample of that keen and wither-
ing irony in which that honorable Senator some-
times indulges. The adoption of the fifteenth
amendment would not prevent the enactment
of such laws adopting property and educa-
tional qualifications for electors and office-
holders; butsuchlaws could be easily framed so
as to exclude from the enjoyment of these rights
a large number of those now eligible under the
Virginia constitution without conflicting in any
way with the fifteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States. That would
cut off from the exercise of the right to vote
I or to bold office probably three fourths of the
' colored people of those States.
Suppose.a measure of this kind should bo
j passed : that no citizen shall be hereafter per-
I mittedto vote who cannot read or write ; would
j that conflict with the fifteenth amendment ?
; Not in the least. This would proscribe no one
! on account of racc or color; it would bo a
requirement relating to mental culture alone,
and applicable to all without regard to race or
color or previous condition. And yet, as the
colored people have never enjoyed educational
advantages, have not been permitted to enter
the public or private schools, have been pro-
scribed by the criminal laws, as in Virginia it
has been a legal crime to afford them means
of instruction time out of mind, such a rule,
would exclude from the polls nearly all the
colored people of those States. Suppose that a
rule of this kind should be adopted: that none
except owners of real estate shall be permitted
to vote or to hold office ; what proportion of
the colored people under such a law in Virginia
could approach the ballot-box or would be
eligible to any office within the limits of that
State ? And yet such a rule would not conflict
with the provisions of the fifteenth amendment
in the slightest degree.
Sir, these are some of the reasons, as 1 sup-
pose, which controlled in the adoption of this
fundamental condition when the question of
the admission of Arkansas and the other States
to which I have referred was pending. They are
as potential now as they were then. The early
adoption of the fifteenth amendment will not
obviate its necessity if you would protect the
loyal people of the United States in Virginia,
and the preservation of their rights may be
necessary for the preservation of our common
Government. A majority of the white people in
all these recently rebellious States are believed
to be at heart inimical to the Government; but
a majority of all the people of these States,
black and white, are its friends. If you. permit
the ruling classes so recently engaged in rebel-
lion to exclude the great mass of the colored
people under ingeniously prepared laws ex-
cluding lack-landers and the uneducated and
persons with little property from the ballot-box
you inevitably place the reins of government
m those States in the hands of the enemies of
the Republic. Up to this time the majority in
Congress have apparently believed that the sal-
vation, the safety, the perpetuity of the nation
depended on placing the reins of government
in those States in the hands of the majority of
the whole people, who were known to be loyal
and true friends of the Union.
Now, Mr. President, has this condition of
affairs changed? Do not the reasons which
then existed which were sufficient to control
the action of Congress in relation to those
States still exist? Has any one pointed out
the difference between the present condition of
the people of the State of Virginia and the peo-
ple of North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida,
Alabama, Louisiana, or Arkansas in these re-
spects ? If the reasons were sufficient to con-
trol the judgment of Congress then, and if they
remain to-day, ought they not to have great
influence on our judgments in deciding the
propriety of the adoption of this amendment ?
But it is said that this is an insult to the peo-
ple of Virginia, it is calling in question their
good faith; that they have conformed to the
requirements of the reconstruction laws. Mr.
President, suppose she has, ought that to be
conclusive if an important safeguard was
omitted, a provision necessary for the protec-
tion of the loyal people of Virginia and for the
safety of the Union itself? If overlooked when
these laws were enacted has it become forever
too late to provide the remedy? Is Congress
barred by some statute of limitation? Does
the omission then dimmish the right and the
duty of Congress to enact it now as a condi-
tion to the admission of the State to its former
place in the Union? _ But has Virginia plighted
her laith?^ When did Virginia agree that her
new constitution should not be changed in the
particulars to which I have referred ? Do you
find it in the constitution itself? Is it embraced
in any ordinance adopted by her constitutional
convention or in some solemn act of her Legis-
lature? No evidence of such promise has been
adduced during this discussion.
Then, how has she bound herself? Where
