1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
599
has she plighted her faith? It is said that she
has done so through her representative men
in the committee-rooms, in the out-of-the-way
places in this Capitol; that certain leading men
of the State of Virginia have plighted the faith
of that State that this constitution shall not be
changed in these respects. Well, sir, was it
right for them to make such a pledge? They
surely would not have made such promises,
"even in this informal manner, unless in their
opinion it ought to be carried into effect. Then
how is it an insult to put it in the form of a
law? If an honorable bargain has already been
made either orally or in writing without author-
ity of law what objection is there to giving it
legal form and force? In private transactions
if I agree to give my neighbor a sum of lawful
money for a piece of property, and am in fact
and in law bound by that oral promise, in what
way would it be an insult to me to be asked to
give my note or to reduce it to the form of a
bond? It might be thought, to be sure, that
every man's word ought to be as good as his
bond ; but reducing contracts to legal form is
necessary sometimes to bind the successor of
the contracting parties. He who makes a con-
tract may not always be in a condition to carry
it into effect. You may desire to bind his
administrator and h<#:s-at-law to fulfill the
engagement: and who ever regarded it as an
insult to be required to put an honorable con-
tract into legal form? If the thing itself is
right it is honorable, and if honorable in itself
it cannot be dishonorable to give it force. But
if it is wrong to make'such an engagement
why have her leading men made it; why have
they gone into the committee-rooms and made
these promises ; why have they written letters
pledging themselves that these possible changes
in her constitution shall never occur? I appre-
hend because, as honorable men, they supposed
this agreement was honorable in its character.
Now, if honorable in its character and neces-
sary for the protection of citizens of the United
States in the State of Virginia, put it in the
form of a law, as you did in the case of Ark-
ansas and the other States, since we find that
the power to do so has been conceded, as is
proven by the legislative history of this country
during a period of nearly seventy years.
I know it may be said that such enactments
by Congress will ultimately be subject to the
revision of the judicial tribunals of the country,
and it may ultimately be held that all such laws
are void for the want of constitutional author-
ity to enact them; but it is a pertinent fact that
none of these compacts with the States, I be-
lieve, has ever been set aside by the courts.
Mr. HOWARD. They have always been
upheld.
Mr. HARLAN. They have always been up-
held by the courts, I am informed by the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan ; nor have any
of these naked declarations of Congress when
made in the character of a fundamental condi-
tion to the admission of a State been set aside,
except in the isolated case of the so-called Mis-
souri compromise, which was merely a legisla-
tive declaration that slavery should not exist
north of 36° SO' noith latitude. This the Su-
preme Court in the Dred Scott decision at-
tempted to set aside ; but this attempt on the
part of the Supreme Court of the United States
to set aside this fundamental declaration of the
Congress made in the act providing for the
admission of that State has done more to shake
the confidence of the American people in the
integrity of that high tribunal than all other
decisions,it has ever rendered, and the people
took the first and an early opportunity to set
aside that opinion by their action at the polls.
I know, Mr. President, that legislative inter-
pretation of a provision of the Constitution
may not always be conclusive ; but when con-
temporaneous, or nearly so, with the adoption
of the Constitution itself, and continuous and
uniform for a long period of time, involving
the deliberate judgment of successive Con-
gresses, it is not without great weight a;, an
authority; and when such legislation has been
sustained uniformly by the courts and the peo-
ple it ought to be considered as the end of
controversy. In the light of this long, contin-
uous, and uniform legislative interpretation of
the Constitution, and of the uniform support
of the courts, State and national, is' it not
too late for Congress now to call in question
the constitutional right to exercise this power?
Is it not too late for those who agree with
me politically to call in question the right to
adopt this amendment and apply it to the State
of Virginia which has been applied to each of
the other reconstructed States successively as
they have been admitted to representation on
this floor? If wo have the right and if the
necessity still exists, and if it is not an insult
to Virginia, then why not exact it ? It surely
can do no harm and it may do good. For
admit that Virginians pledged by her leading
citizens to carry into effect in good faith the
provisions of their existing constitution, they
may not always be in a condition to do so.
Sir, change is written on everything in this
world. We find it written in a very marked
manner in this Chamber. There are now but
three gentlemen occupying seats in this Cham-
ber who were hero when I entered its portals,
comparatively a very brief period since. There
is but one beside myself of the third of the
Senate who entered it when I did now here.
All except five have been swept away. Other
gentlemen now occupy their places. And who
feels bound by any of- their personal pledges?
Each new incumbent must act for himself, on
his own responsibility. And yet this is the
most permanent deliberative body known to
our political history. How long will it be
until the present members of the Virginia
Legislature will have given place to successors ?
How long will it be until her Governor and the
other executive officers of that State will have
given place to others who may not feel bound
by their personal pledges ?
I infer from the arguments to which I have
listened in opposition to this amendment that
Senators concede the propriety of such precau-
tion in the absence of pledges of fidelity on the
part of State officials. Then, admit their good
intentions, their honorable motives, and the
binding force of their promises on themselves,
as they must very speedily give place, accord-
ing to the ordinary routine of official life, to those
who will not consider themselves bound by the
promises of their predecessors in official sta-
tion, it ought to be put into such a shape as to
control their action. I do not, therefore, see
the objection to the adoption of this amend-
ment which seems to have weighed with great
force on the minds of other members of this
body.
In closing I will remark that I have earn-
estly desired since the closing of the rebellion
to see the people of the recently rebellious
States restored to their former relations with
this Government, and during the pendency of
this discussion I have felt a conviction that
Virginia ought to be represented on this floor
and the floor of the other branch of Congress
at the earliest practicable period, not more on
her own account than our own. Sir, we need
the advice and counsel of the representatives
of this Commonwealth, not only in the enact-
ment of laws locally applicable to her people,
but I desire lier counsel and advice in the
enactment of laws for the government of the
whole people of the United States. Whether
my judgment shall be sustained by the Senate
or not in relation to the necessity and propriety
of the adoption of this amendment, I shall
feel constrained to vole for the passage of the
bill. But as I do not see any grave objection
to this amendment, and as it may be necessary
for the protection of the rights of a large body
of the loyal people of the United States resid-
ing within the limits of Virginia, 1 shall feel
compelled to vote for its adoption.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, 1 am as
anxious as any member in the Chamber to have
this discussion brought to a close and to vote
upon this amendment and upon the bill, for I
think we have spent quite time enough in this
discussion. There are other bills and other
subjects pressing upon our attention to which
we ought to devote ourselves at the earliest
possible day. I shall therefore detain the
Senate but a very few moments.
In the summer of 1868 the Congress of the
United States readmitted into the Union sev-
eral of the late insurgent States. They admit-
ted North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, Alabama, and Florida to the right of
representation by one act. In that act they
declare that those States, when they shall have
ratified a certain amendment of the Constitu-
tion—
Shall be entitled and admitted to representation
in Congress as States of tho Union upon the funda-
mental condition"—
Now, I wish Senators to listen to the condi-
tion which we have attached to the admission
of these States:
" that the constitution of neither of said States
shall ever be so amended or changed as to deprive
any citizen or class of citizens of the United States of
the right to vote in said States who are entitled to
vote by the constitution thereof herein recognized,
except'as a punishment for such crimes as are fel-
onies at common law, whereof they shall have been
duly convicted under laws equally applicable to all
the inhabitants of said States: Provided, That any
alteration of said constitution may be made in regard
to timo and place of residence of voters."
Sir, it is noticeable that the amendment now
offered by the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri is in substance precisely the clause
which I have read from the act of 1868, appli-
cable to those several States once insurgent
States, which we have now readmitted to the
Union. It is now proposed to subject the State
of Virginia on her admission into the Union
to precisely the same condition, the same fund-
amental condition, if you please. We all
remember very well the reasons insisted upon
by Senators here for inserting this condition
in reference to those States.
It was in order to secure the loyal popula-
tion, whether black or white, that protection
which is supposed to reside in the use of the
ballot. The country knows full well what
those reasons were, and we annexed this con-
dition to their admission in order that no one
of those States should ever have it in its power
to deprive the colored population of the right
of suffrage, as it had been conferred upon
them by the respective State constitutions. In
order to secure this great privilege, this great
means of protection more potent than the
cannon or the bayonet, Congress annexed this
fundamental condition, which is to continue
through all time, or at least so long as the
statute of 1868 shall remain in force, if it be a
valid and constitutional provision.
It is very true that at that time the fifteenth
amendment, so called, was not before Congress.
Very little had thus far been said about it; the
country knew nothing about it. That amend-
ment was an afterthought. If it is of any
value in this connection it ought to have been
presented to Congress and acted upon by the
States long ago. But, sir, in reference to the
power of a State over the qualification of voters,
how much power has that fifteenth amendment
when it shall have become ratified? Senators
say to us that this condition is not necessary in
the case of Virginia becausc the fifteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution is about to be ratified,
and that that will effect every object which is
to be attained by this condition. The fifteenth
amendment of the Constitution is to be, in the
judgment of the honorable Senator from Ne-
vada who has this bill in charge, the great
safeguard, the great protection of_ the Union
people of the insurgent States against such a
change of their constitutions as may ostracise
them and deprive them of the right of partici-
pating in the political affairs of tho State.
Now, sir, if it be the disposition of the peo-
ple of Virginia to amend their constitution in
such a manner as to ostracise and to cxclude
