1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Mr. Df.aku.] What is tin; proposition of the
Senator from Missouii, reduced to its simplest
terms? It is this: that the Congress of the
United States V.'itiiout any compact, without
any previous agreement, but by mere act of
Congress acting propria vigors, shall limit the
power ot a State to amend its own State con-
siiuiuon, although its amendment should in no
degice infringe the Constitution of the United
States, i^ow, 1 should like to know from the
Senator whore he finds anything in the history
of the admission o{ Ohio that sanctions such
a doctrine as that?
Mr. HA ULAN. Would the Senator have
the answer now ?
Mr. THUHMAN. The Senator may answer
now or not, just as lie pleases. I know the
statute to which he refers. Perhaps the Sen-
ator had better wait until I get through and he
will see 
Mr. HARLAN. Very well. It willsuit me
just as well.
Mr. THUHMAN. lie will see whether or
not there is anything in that; and it is that
wonderful misconception of the liistory of that
State which induces me to speak at all.
What is it that the Senator referred to ? He
referred to the " act to enable the people of
the eastern district of the territory northwest
of the river Ohio to form a constitution and
State government, and for the admission of
such State into the Union upon an equal foot-
ing"—mark that "upon an equal footing
with the original States, and for other pur-
poses; and in the fifth section, which provides
for the convention that is to frame that consti-
tution, he read these words:
" And .Jialt form for thopeople of saidStateacon-
siitution anil Stato government, provided the same
sliail be republican."
There is nothing in that but what, the Con-
stitution of the United States required that
Ohio t-hould have—a republican constitution.
No importance, then, is to be attached to that.
i>i't. what further?
" And notrepugnant to tile ordinance of the l;ith
of July. 178;. between the original States and tho
people and States of the territory northwest of tho
river Ohio."
That is what seemed to strike the Senator
from Iowa as an imposition by Congress of a
fundamental condition upon the people of
Ohio. Why, if the Senator liad looked into
that deeper he would have seen the reason for
that provision. The reason for that provision
goes back to the deed of cession by Virginia
of the territory outof which all the northwestern
States are composed. By that very deed of
cession it is provided, and it is a line com-
mentary upon the proposition that is before the
Senate now, Virginia when she gave that mag-
nificent domain to the Union required that it
should be divided up into States and the States
be admitted, and admitted how?
" That the t orritory to ceded shall he laiti out and
formed into States containing a suitable extent of
territory not less than one hundred nor more than
one hundred and liftv miles square, or as near thereto
circumstances will admit, and that the States so
formed . hall be distinct republican States, and ad-
mitted members ot the Federal Union, having the
same rights of sovereignty, freedom, and independ-
ence as tho other states."
That is what Virginia said in the very deed
by which she ceded that territory to the Union ;
and that which she thus guarantied for those
northwestern States a northwestern member
now will not accord to her.
But, sir, that is not all. That was the deed
of ceosiun. Whatcamenext? The ordinance
of 1784 was (he nest thing. I need not read
that, however, but come at oncc to the ordi-
nanceof 1787, referred to in the act authorizing
i he people of Ohio to form a Slate constitution.
Now, let us see what it is that the people of
Ohio iu the formation of their constitution are
required to observe and that their constitution
shall not be repugnant to it. By the ordinance
of 1787 it is provided:
"It is hereby ordained and declared by the
authority aforesaid th.d 'he following article? shall
1)6 considered " -
W hat? As fundamental conditions imposed
by Congress? No, sir; not a word of that—
" as articles of compact between the original States
and the people and States in the said territory, and
forever remain unalterable, unless by common con-
sent."
Then follow six articles. One of them
secures forever in thai territory the perfect right
to worship God according to the dictates of
our own consciences. Another provides that
the people ol those States shall forever enjoy
the benefit of the writ of habeas corpus. I am
very sorry to say that they have been deprived
i too often of that writ, notwithstanding this
fundamental compact between them and the
other States. The third provides for promot-
ing religion, morality, and knowledge by means
ot schools. Tho fourth article provides for a
division of the territory into States. The fifth
article relates to (be boundaries and numbers
of those States. The sixth is that most famil-
iar article, that—
"There shall be neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude in the said territory, otherwise than in
punishment ot crimes wheieot the party shall have
been duly convicted."
It was those articles of compact by the very
declaration of the ordinance assented to by
Congress—nay more, assented to by the Stale
of Virginia, for her assent was obtained to
this ordiuanee of 1787, as she had originally
granted the land—it was these articles of com-
pact which are also declared to be articles of
compact in the ordinance of 178-1, and some
of which are conditions of the very grant
made of this territory by Virginia; it was
those articles to which the reference is made
iu the act enabling the people of Ohio to
form a Stale constitution, and in respect to
which it is required that their constitution
shall not be repugnant to the ordinance of
1787. Not one word of the claim of power on
the part of Congress to impose conditions
upon them by mere act of Congress, but
simply to require that the people of Ohio shall
observe this solemn compact found in the
deed of cession from Virginia, found in the
ordinance of 1781, repeated in the ordinance
of 1787—that the people of Ohio in framing
their constitution shall keep and observe that
compact, that agieement. Theie is not one
word of the powei of Congress to impose con-
ditions upon them.
But, Mr. President, the next thing cited by
the Senator from Iowa is somewhat surpiising,
because the correction was under his eye.
What is that? tie read from this act to enable
the people of the eastern division of the terri-
tory to form a constitution—ih.ti is, the Ohio
constitution—this provision :
" Provided. alwin/*, Tli.it the Hirer prop-
ositions herein ottered arc on the condition that the
convention of the .-aid JStn-to tduiii provide by an
ordinance, irrevocable without tin; com-cnt of the
United States, that, every and csu h tra„t of land sold
by Congress irom and .after the ->Uth day of dune
next shall be and remain exempt from any tax laid
by her or undci authority ol the Si. to. whether for
State, county, township, or any oilier purpose what-
ever, tor the term ot tive> ear;= Irom and after the day
of s&Jc."
He read lh.it if Con^LH-sd by Us own mere
authority undertook to restrict tho power of
taxation of the governmeni of Ohio, He had
only to look at the (op of the page to see what
it is. What "is it? it i.> .potion seven. It
begins as follow* :
" And be li fuUht-r eno-^ed, That the following prop-
ositions be, and the shuc are hereby, ottered to the
convention oi the eastern JjtJite ot the said tern-
tory"—
That \v.is> Ohio —
"when formed for their'--
What? Imposed upou them ? Nu, ; but
propositions offered to them for their—
" free accept am e or i c.iu iion ; winch, if ue<,epl cd b, 
the convention, shall be obli-ratoty upon the United
State?."
Then come-? the propositions:
" First. That the section number sixteen m every
township, and, where Mich section has been wld,
granted, or disposed of, other lauds equivalent
thereto and most, conti^uou* to the i.yrae, shall be
granted to the mh^hi^nt^ of for the
ii5© of ?chof k.,>
That is the first proposition. It is a propo-
sition that the United States—not the State of
Ohio—will grant to the people of the State of
Ohio, for the use of schools, section sixteen in
every township of the public lands. That,is a
proposition to give something to Ohio What
is the next proposition t The next proposition
is that certain salt springs on the Scioto and
Muskingum, and in a military tract, shall he
granted to the State for the use.of the people
thereof. The third is :
"That, one twentieth of the net proceeds of the
lands lying within the said State sold by Obtigrc.-n
from and after the 30th day of June next., nftpr de-
ducting all expenses incident to the same, shall to
applied to the laying out and making pub tic road;',
leading from the navigable waters emptying into tho
Atlantic, to the Ohio, to the said State, and throup.ii
tho same, such roads to belaid out under the author-
ity of Congress, ivith the consent of the several >StaUv
through which tho road shall pass."
Those are the propositions. They are all
propositions that Congress will give something
to the State—first, that it will give section six-
teen ; secondly, that it will give the salt springs;
and thirdly, that it will give one twentieth of
the net proceeds of the public lands for the
making of roads; and then comes the consid-
eration on the other side. In consideration of
these grants Congress requires that the State
shall relinquish the right of taxing public
lands for live years after they shall have been
sold.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask one question right at that point?
Mr. THUHMAN. With great pleasure.
Mr. MORTON. Conceding that these con-
ditions are in the nature of compacts to be bind-
ing upon the States, I ask the Senator what
remedy the Government would have if the State
violated the compact?
Mr. THURMAN. My friend from Indiana
had so much difficulty in answering that ques-
tion when it was put to him all around the
Chamber that having really—I say it without
affectation—very great humility I am afraid to
attempt to do what he utterly failed to accom-
plish.
Mr. MORTON. I am serious in the ques-
tion. I desire to ask my friend one question
further. He admits this is aeompaet.and bind
ing upon the State. Now, I ask if he denic.'.
the power of Congress to enforce that compact
if the State should violate it ?
Mr. THURMAN. I will endeavor to give
my ideas about that; and really 1 am obliged
to my friend for asking the question, for 1
know he ask it in sincerity and with a good
purpose, and I am perfectly willing to answer
it, but I wish to get through first with the argu-
ment I am now making.
Now. sir, here are these propositions. They
were propositions offered to the people of Ohio
to be, in the very language of this act, freely
accepted or rejected ; but if accepted to become
matters of perpetual compact which can only
he set aside by the consent of both parties. So
far from there being any idea that Congress
hod the power to impose fundamental condi
lions upon a State—conditions that, affected her
political rights, conditions that affected her right
to alter her own State constitution—there was
not a statesman in that day who would not have
been horror-stricken at such an idea as that.
Never until the Nebraska bill was such a thing
proposed You have had plenty of compacts
between the Government and the States that
have been admitted, but they have been com
pacts like those property compacts, or com-
pacts that grew out of the ordinance of 1787.
and the cession of Virginia, which hound the
States not to make their constitutions repug-
nant to that ordinance or repugnant to the
deed of cession. But a compact or a fund-
amental condition that undertook to takeaway
from a State a part of its sovereignty, thai
undertook to make it an inferior member
of the Union of States, that put it upon an in-
ferior footing, never was known until it v,.i„
imposed upon the State of Nebraska. Why,
«ir. what does this very act provide? That
