602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Ohio is to come into the Union a mutilated
member of it? That Ohio is to come into the
Union with less rights than any other State
has? That Ohio is to come into the Union
bound by anything but the Constitution of the
United States ? That Ohio is to come into the
Union bound and trammeled, and with fewer
rights over her own State constitution than any
other State had over its State constitution ? No,
sir. This very act itself declares in so many
words that the people of that Territory—
*' Are hereby authorized to form for themselves a
constitution and State government, and to assume
such name as they shall deem proper; and the said
State wheu formed shall be admitted into the Union
upon the same footing with tjjo original States in all
respects whatsoever."
That very act, which is quoted here to prove
that Ohio came into the Union a manacled
State with fetters upon her limbs imposed by
mere act of Congress, declares that she shall
come into the Union upon " an equal footing
with the original States in all respects whatso-
ever." Mr. President, you may make com-
pacts with States in regard to property; but it
would be no republican government at all if
you could undertake by fundamental condi-
tions, as you call them, imposed by mere act of
Congress, to limit the power of the people of a
State over their own State constitution. There
is but one way in the world in which you can
limit the power of the people of a State over
their constitution, and that is by amending the
Constitution of the United States itself. It' you
want to limit the sovereignty of the States you
can only do it one way, and that is by amend-
ing the Constitution of the United States and
taking from the States some portion of their
reserved rights. You did that by the thirteenth
amendment; you did that by the fourteenth
amendment; you propose to do it by the fif-
teenth amendment. Have you not gone far
enough without now assuming that you can do
by a mere act of Congress what in the very na-
1 ure of our system can only be done by amend-
ing the Constitution itself? So much for that.
And now a word in answer to the question
ofmyfriendfromlndiana. Heasksme,suppose
Ohio were to violate one of these articles of
compact, what is the remedy ? Let me tell him
the remedy is not to turn her out of the Union.
The remedy is not to deprive her of her repre-
sentation in Congress. There is not a single
one of those articles the remedy for the viola-
tion of which cannot be found in the courts of
thS country. Suppose the State of Ohio under-
takes {o tax the public lands, or lands .-.old,
before the expiration of the five years. The
tax-payer can refuse to pay the tax; he can
take it to the Federal courts. It must be de-
cided to be unconstitutional or contrary to that
compact, and the tax void. Suppose that a
man there is deprived of the writ of habeas
corpus; suppose the State passes an act de-
priving him of the right (o the wiit of habeas
corpus contrary to this article of compact; the
Federal courts will give him the writ, or declare
that the act which forbids it is void.
Mr. MORTON. And yet my friend will
allow me to say the right of the State to levy
the tax is not denied by the Constitution of
the United States, but only by the compact.
Mr. THUKMAN. I do not care whether
it is or not; the State was perfectly compe-
tent to make a bargain in regard to that. It
derived it from the ordinance of 1787, which
was a compact, declared itself to be a com-
pact between the old States and the new States.
It derived it from that, and the convention of
the Stale agreed to it. It thus became a bar-
gain. The State received for it millions upon
millions of acres of school lands. It received
for it the salt springs. It received for it hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars under what is
called the five per cent, fund, the one twentieth
of the net proceeds of the sales of the public
lands; and it was therefore bound to adhere
to this compact, which was a compact between
it and the other States, and the courts can
afford the amplest remedy for a violation of it.
I was astonished to hear the Senator from
Indiana the other day, dealing, however, in
generalities, assert the power of Congress to
take thess States in hand in case they should
not live up to what might be for the time being
the platform of the Radical {>arty; for that is
what it comes to. Take them in band! Under
what clause of the Constitution take them in
band? Is it under the power to provide by
appropriate legislation for enforcing the four-
teenth amendment? What is appropriate legis-
lation to enforce the fourteenth amendment?
Is it "appropriate legislation" to turn the
members of a State out of Congress? What
is meant by this term "appropriate legisla-
tion?" We know where the term comes from.
We know it comes from an opinion of Chief
Justice Marshall, and was applied by him sim-
ply to the old provision of the Constitution that
Congress has power to make all laws necessary
and proper for carrying into effect the forego-
ing powers. Is it necessary and proper toturn
a State out of Congress, deprive her of her
representation, tax her without representation,
reduce her to the condition of a Territory, put
her under martial law, try her citizens by drum-
head court-martial and hang them? Is that
'' appropriate legislation ? " Is that necessary
to enforcc the fourteenth amendment? Or have
you so little wit that you cannot frame some
judicial proceeding that shall bo sufficient for
that purpose? Sir, I do not know what is
meant by this thing of" dealing with States."
I should like those who think there is some
power of dealing with them to point out what
they mean by that. You have power to enforce
every provision of the Constitution by proper
means. You always had the power to do it.
Before there was an amendment to the Consti-
tution you had the power to do that; but you
never in this wide world had the power to turn
a State out of the Union, and never when she
sent her members here, loyal and proper men,
to deny them their right to seats on this floor.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, the Senator
from Ohio and myself agree in one thing, and
that is mutual surprise at each other. I at-
tempted to state in the imperfect remarks I
previously submitted that the legislative his-
tory of this country proved two things : that
Congress construed the Constitution of the
United States so as to empower it to make a
bargain with a State in advance of its admis-
sion to representation in Congress, when it
occupied an incipient condition during the
transition period, before it was declared to be
a State, before it had taken on itself the habil-
iments of sovereignty as a State; and I quoted
from the articles of compact set forth in the
organic act providing for the formation of a
constitution for the State of Ohio, and re-
ferred to similar acts in relation to all the
other new States to prove that Congress placed
that interpretation on the Constitution of the
United States ; that it was competent for a
State or the people of a State and the Gov-
ernment of the United States to make a bar-
gain fundamental before the State was ad-
mitted that would bind the State after it was
admitted. To this proposition I do not under-
stand the honorable Senator to object. He
admits that Ohio was bound by a contract
made between the people of Ohio and the
United States before Ohio was a Stale, when
it was in its probationary condition, before it
was entitled to representation on the floors of
Congress.
In connection with that proposition I recited
the view that was taken by a majority of the
membersof Congress in relation to the recently
rebellious States, that in those States their
governments had been destroyed by force of
arms; that at the close of the war no consti-
tutional State governments in fact existed;
that it became necessary for them to proceed
cle novo, as the people of a Territory, and frame
a constitution preparatory to their readmis-
sion. That is the theory on which the recon-
struction acts have been passed, if I under-
stand them correctly. Then, if Congress had
the power under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States to bind Ohio and Indiana and Illi-
nois and other States by a contract made before
they were admitted to full partnership in the
Union, to representation on this and the floor
of the other House of Congress, if the theory
adopted in relation to the recently rebellious
States by Congress is correct they may make
such bargain with those States when they
occupy that condition of quasi sovereignty,
while they are in a transition period from chaos
to a regular State government,which Congress
could make with a new State as a condition to
its admission to the Union.
But I referred to these statutes for another
purpose, to show that it has notbeen always con-
sidered necessary to reduce these fundamental
conditions to the form of a contract. I need
not inform the honorable Senator from Ohio
that there are more kinds of contracts than one.
There are implied contracts as well as those
that are expressed; and if a party to an implied
contract accepts the consideration contained
in the proposition of the other contracting party
he is as much bound by it as if it had been
formally agreed to by both the contracting
parties. I cited, therefore, the clause of the
organic act of Ohio- to show that Congress, by
a mere declaration in advance of the admis-
sion of Ohio, assumed the right- to bind the
people of Ohio not to admit slavery within her
limits. Ohio never agreed to that proposition
in any formal way, by ordinance or slatutory
enactment, as far as I have been informed. It
is a part of the organic act passed by Congress
authorizing the people of the Territory of Ohio
to frame a constitution preparatory to their
admission into the Union. This law of Con-
gress demands that the constitution, when
formed, shall be in conformity with the ordi-
nance of 1787. Ohio formed her constitution
with full knowledge of the provision, accepted
her position in the Union, and has therefore
been understood to have acquiesced in that
proposition and to be bound by it. I am in-
formed by those more learned in the history
of our jurisprudence than myself that none of
the courts, either of Ohio or of the United
States, have ever called in question the right
of Congress to make such a requirement.
How is that met by the honorable Senator
from Ohio ? By citing a deed of cession from
Virginia. Pray, sir, could Virginia, one State
in the Union, bind a future State? Suppose
the United States did enter into a contract
with Virginia; did a contract made between
the United States and Virginia bind the future
people of Ohio ? They were not parties to that
deed. How could they be deprived of their
equal rights in the Union as a sovereign State
by a contract to which they were not parties ?
Could a deed of cession made by Virginia to
the United States be of greater force to curtail
the rights of Ohio than an act of Congress
addressed directly to the people of Ohio and
prescribing conditions of her admission into
the Union which she seems to accept in be-
coming a State in pursuance of its provisions?
The Senator then quotes from the ordinance
of 1787 and informs the Senate that this ordi-
nance contains a compact, a bargain, an agree-
ment. With whom? The ordinance of 1787,
although called a compact, is a simple act
passed by the Congress of the United States
under the Articles of Confederation ; nothing
more. Who are the parties to that contract,
if it be a eontiact? Who have signed it?
Nobody but the Presiding- Officer.
Now. I inquire whether an act of Congress
passed before the Constitution of the United
States was formed can be construed by the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio as of more binding
force on the people of his own State or of any
other State than an act of Congress passed
after the Constitution was formed?
But with whom was such contract made? It
is supposed to have been made between the
' Government of the United States and the
