606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
change their name rather than share it with them.
When the late Georgia act was passed, its first effect
was to quiet and subdue the rebel clement to a great
extent ,* but it was not very Ions before they regained
a great portion oftheiraudacity. They had succeeded
50 well before in nullifying and rendering powerless,
in all its important features, the former bill that
they took courage and immediately began to look
about for some means, however desperate, to over-
ride the provisions of the present act and seize upon
the State government.
The bill was, however, so skillfully drawn, and was
so far.-reaching in its requirements, that no other
device could be found to defeat its operation but the
desperate and infamous one oi' concerted and delib-
erate perjury. Their leaders, some of them high in
position and influence, openly advised such a plan
of operation; inducements, promises, and threats
were freely offered to lead to the desired re.^ull.
Then the newspapers, veiling their ndvice under a
very thin disguise through which eaSh repulsive
feature ot criminal intention was clearly seen, advo-
cated this policy of perjury. A deliberate conspiracs'
was formed to seize upon the State government, the
leading feature of which wa< that the Democratic
members of the General Assembly and such others
whom, like Bryant, they could purchase ond intimi-
date, should one and all whether disqualified or not,
walk up and take the oath prescribed bv the acl,
knowing that by so doing they could gain the con trol ■
of the Legislature, and. just as they did before, snnp
their finger? in the face of the United States Govern-
ment, and do as they pleased, tfuoh was the pl:m of
operation decided upon by these conspirator^. Al-
though all this was quite apparent, being a matter
of public street-talk on their part, yet X must confess
that I did not believe they would dare to carry it out.
I did not think that these men would be so lost to all
leelings of honor—and you know we hear a great
deal of "southern" honor, chivalry, and all that—
and self-respect as to deliberate^', and with official
records to prove ii in most cases, commit perjury.
J3ut from the first day of the convening of theGen-
eral Assembly all doubts were at an end. 1 was
present in the house and saw these men, one atter
another, walk up and with their hands on the lloly
i>ible swear to what they knew to be false; and had
not General Terry, who is possessed of wisdom and
sagacity as well as patriotism,intervened andoigan-
ized a board to inquire into the eligibility of those
peisons the act of December 2_\ M>9, wuuld lm\ e
been of no more account than so much blank paper.
General Terry is doing right; he should not be in-
terfered with. Mo other course of action than that
which he has adopted can reach the ease and defeat
the objects of the conspirators. I hope that Congress
\\ill stand firm, that none of its members will be
influenced by the stale and oft-repealed fry that the
military should not interfere in the affairs of this
State, military despotism, and all that. I solemnly
assure you that it not directly sustained by the strong
arm of military power the act of December L'2J8G9,
or any other act which Congress may pass, will not
be worth the paper on which it is printed.
The truth that the State of Georgia U to-day just
as much in a state of rebellion as ever it was, and
should be treated by Congress accordingly. Neither
lite nor property is safe here; that's, it you are guilty
of being a Ilepublican. Defore J. camc>South I treely
confess that!, had the idea, shared by most people
North, that tho so-called Ku-Kiux outrages were
gieatly enlarged and colored up for political pur-
poses; but the half ha^ not been told. General
Terry's report present; the truih. If anything.it
does notdrawthe pieiuie rank onou'/h.
llopingyou will paidon the lenerth of thi^ letl-v,
and with the most sincere vi.-hos for your continual
prosperity, both personally and politically, 11 Cinnni,
your mo4 obedient servant.
Hon. Jacob jU. Howaeu, ,s'cwtoy fro-,i Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. Thai, is enough.
Mr. THUKMAN, I desire to know from
whom that telegram comes.
Mr. CONKLING obtained the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very well acquainted
with the gentleman who is tho author of the
letter, but f do not choose now to give the
name.
Mr. CASSERLY and Mr. TIJUitMAN. It
is anonymous.
Mr.HOWARD. No; it comes from a re-
sponsible source, a very highly iespeulaljie and
intelligent gentleman who resides in Atlanta.
He chooses to have his name .suppressed be-
cause it might, endanger his personal safety, as
every gentleman will fit once see.
Mr. TRURMAN. How many more of these
anonymous communications are we to have?
Mr. HOWARD. It is notanonymons; it is
signed by a responsible partv.
t The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York was recognised, but yielded
for this colloquy.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to aak a jungle ques-
tion. T want to ask ii'i understand that, com-
munication aright to recite that every voter
walked up with his hands upon tho Holy Bible
to the polls? [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. No; the members of the
Legislature.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator from
New York will allow me, I wish to ask a ques-
tion of the Senator from Michigan, and that is
this: whether the writer of that letter resides
in the State of Georgia, and, if so, how long
has lie resided there?
Mr. HOWARD. He resides in the State
of Georgia, and has resided there for several
years; how many years I am not able to say.
1 am very well acquainted with him. He is a
gentleman and in every sense perfectly respons-
ible for what he says.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to state that I have
received several dispatches since yesterday at
noon containing substantially the same state-
ments, and adding the additional fact that it
was known that a large fund had been contrib-
uted for the purpose of defending against pros-
ecutions for perjury those men who might
take the oath and enter the Legislature. These
dispatches come from gentlemen of high re-
spectability whom I know very well, but whose
names I will not give.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
from New York allow me to say a word here?
The Democratic Senators need not trouble
themselves about the revelations contained in
this letter ; they need not spring to their feet
and demand the authorship of the letter with
so much earnestness. It only recites an old
and familiar rebel proceeding. Why, sir, five
years ago, when in the State of Missouri we
had to vote upon a constitution which dis-
franchised rebels, perjury in taking the oath
that was to entitle a man to vote upon it was
openly inculcated in the public prints and put
in actual practice by thousands of men, and it
was openly proclaimed in the public prints
that it was not only an act of virtue in men to
commit perjury for that purpose, but absolutely
an act of piety toward God; and now the gen-
tlemen on the other side need not be con-
cerned about this new development of the old
rebel doctrine in Georgia.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand him to say
that thousands of these men took the oath and
perjured themselves.
Mr. DRAKE. In Missouri, five years ago ;
yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. How is it, then, that so
large a portion of the people of the Senator's
Stale continued to be disfranchised?
Mr. DRAKE. Because they could not get
enough of them to vote against the constitution
to vote it down. They came within eighteen
hundred and sixty-two votes of it, but they did
not get enough to vote it down. But for the
adoption of that constitution the loyal men of
Missouri would have been struggling with the
rebel element as those of Tennessee and Ken-
tucky and Maryland are struggling to-day.
Gentlemen need not be concerned about the
rebel device of perjury to get to vote and to
hold political power breaking out anew in
Georgia. It is an old thing with which those
gentlemen ought historically to have become
familiar before now.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President—•—
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New York yield ?
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator will
excuse mo now. I rose not to speak on the
pending telegram from Georgia, but to make
an observation in reference to the pending
amendment touching Virginia, and if my hon°
orable friend will allow me to conclude that
remark I promise it shall be brief.
^ t 1 hc\ ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the pend-
ing amendment calls upon every Senator to
express an opinion upon a question of much
gravity, without regard to its relation to Vir-
ginia. The inquiry is, whether a condition,
termed now " a fundamental condition," and
abridging the political powers of a State, can
: of right be imposed by act of Congress? To
' state the question otherwise, if Congress pre-
fixes upon a State obligations not imposed by
the Constitution of the United States, will such
obligations bind the State after she has become
in all things a State in the Union ? This ques-
tion has been debated, doubtingly and confi-
dently, now and then for days. In considering
it the other evening my honorable friend from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] referred to California's
entrance to the Union. He alluded to other
like instances in which he deems the question
to have been presented. The compact with
California touched navigable rivers and public
lands; and no Senator can be ignorant of the
history, of which there is no lack, of compacts
with States relating to subjects such as these.
The right of States to impose taxes upon
mail-coaches carrying the mails, the right of
States to impede navigation upon navigable
rivers, the right of States unequally to tax citi-
zens of the United States being non-resident
owners of property, the right to interfere in
various ways with the freedom and the interests
of commerce—these things and others we know
have frequently been carried into conditions
agreed upon on the one side by the United
States and on the other by an incoming mem-
ber of the Union. If the question presented
now were covered, in reason or example, by
instances like these, the mode to which the
honorable Senator from Iowa [Mr. Hamas]
has resorted of resolving his doubts would be
effectual and sufficient. But in very recent in-
stances—in the case of Nebraska, which, with
my imperfect knowledge, I must affirm was (he
first attempt in the present direction, and in
instances since the case of Nebraska—provis-
ions have been proposed giving rise to doubts
grave in character, doubts to which I submit
the older precedents cited afford no adequate
answer.
I happen to have before me the case of Ala-
bama—the act for her formation and ad missio n.
It contains the language I read:
" The following propositions are hereby offered to
the convention of the said Territory of Alabama,
when formed, for their free acceptance or rejection,
which, if accepted by the convention, shall be oblig-
atory upon the United States."
Passing-over other "propositions," I come
to this:
"And that all navigable waters within the said
State shall forever remain public highways free to
the citizens of said State and of the United State*
without any tax, duty, impost, or toll therefor im-
posed by said State."
I read these words fora double purpose: first,
to give an example of the subjects formerly
deemed appropriate elements of "bargains. "
as one Senator has called them, of fundamental
conditions, as other Senators have called them,
between the United States and a State ; and
second. I refer to them because the words and
the inquiries they would naturally suggest have
been presented to the Supreme Court of the
United States, and undergone there elaborate
consideration. Without commenting on the
decision, I am going to read it in part as a
contribution, if not to the science of the ques-
tion before us, at least to the history in which
Senators have been seeking the forerunner of
legislation such as 1he pending- amendment
proposes.
Should it suggest that there is an unmistak-
able line of demarkation between asking a
State to assent that a public river shall remain
forever free to navigation, and an attempt to
exact from a State a permanent surrender of
some portion of her sovereignty or municipal
power, it may be of substantial value, in re-
solving doubts which seem to environ us. 1
read now the head-note of the ease of Pollard
et cd. vs. Hagan et cd., reported in 3 Howard s
Supreme Court Reports; and I may say it is
not the only case, though it is tlte only one I
have at hand, wherein the sa'oe or a like issnj>
was a point in judgment. The liead-note is :
The stipulation contained in the sixth section of
