1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the net of Congress, passed on the 2d of March, 1S19, |
for tlie admission of the State of Alabama into the !
Union, namely, 'that all navigable waters within \
thesaid .State shall forever remain public highways, ;
free to the citizens of said State and of the United (
States, without any tax, duty, impost, or toll there- ,
for, imposed by said State,' conveys no more power ;
over the navigable waters of Alabama, to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, than it possesses over
the navigable waters of other States under the pro-
visions of the Constitution. And it leaves as much
right in the State of Alabama over them ;is the ori-
ginal States possess over navigable water* within
their respective limits.
"The shores of navigable waters, and the soils
under them, were not granted by the Constitution
to the United States, but were reserved to the States
respectively; and the new States have the same
rights, sovereignty, and jurisdiction over this subject
as the original States.
"The United States never held any municipal
sovereignty, jurisdiction, or right of soil in and to the
territory of which Alabama, or any of the new States,
were formed, except for temporary purposes, and to
execute the trusts created by the acts of the Virginia
and Georgia Legisltures. and the deeds of cession
executed by them to tlieUnited States, and thetrust
created by the treaty of the 30th April, 1803, with the
French republic ceding Louisiana.
"Upon the admission of Alabama into the Union,
the rieht of eminent domain, which had been tem-
porarily held by the United States, passed to the
State. Nothing remained in the United States but
the public lands."
I pass over a portion of the note to read
these three lines:
"That part of the compact respecting the public
lands is nothing moro than the exercise of a consti-
tutional power vested in Congress, and would have
beenbinding on the people ofthenew Stateswhethcr
they consented to be bound or not."
Now I turn to the opinion of the court, in
which the whole court concurred save one of
the justices, who, upon points not I think
materialhere, dissented. This is abrief extract
from the language of the court, which is ampli-
fied at' some length, and its force is not impaired
by any other portion of the opinion :
" When Alabama was admitted into the Union on
an equal footing with the original States she suc-
ceeded to nil the rights of sovereignty, jurisdiction,
and eminent domain which Georgia possessed at the
date of the cession, except so far as this right was
diminished by the public lands remaining in the
possession and under the control of the Uniteil States
for the temporary purposes provided for in the deed
of cession and the legislative acts connected with it.
Nothing remained to the United States, according to
the terms of the agreement, but the public lands;
and it an express stipulation had been inserted in
the agreement granting the municipal right of sov-
ereignty and eminent domain to the United States
such stipulation would have been void and inoper-
ative, because the United States have no constitu-
tional capacity to exercise municipal jurisdiction,
sovereignty, or eminent domain within the limits of
a State or elsewhere, except in the cases in which
it is expressly granted."
" Expressly granted " by the Constitution,
of course; thereby referring to the jurisdiction
of Congress in the District of Columbia, the
arsenals, dockyards, &c. Now, Mr. President,
I submit with deference, having on an occasion,
now long past, examined these statutory in-
stances and prcccdcnts with some care, that,
Senators will find going back of the instance
of Nebraskathat thesefundamental conditions,
as I will call them, have been confined to sub-
jects held to be within the exclusive or con-
current jurisdiction of Congress. ^
The power to establish post offices and post
roads, illustrated by instances in which Slates
have formally relinquished all pretension to
tlie right to tax mail-coaches and other prop-
erty employed in conveying the mails; the
power to regulate commerce; the guarantee of
immunities and privileges to citizens of the
United States and of the several States; the
restrictions imposed by the Constitution itself
on the several States; these and other powers,
resulting to Congress from the Constitution, will
be found to explain and uphold the many older
instances of prefatory covenants made by Stat es
entering the Union.
The case in which I have read from the opin-
ion oT the Supreme Court, was such a one,
and the court reason to determine whether the
compact was anything more than a regulation
of commerce. The court say that had its ex-
tent been such as to attempt to deal with the
soil underlying the waters of navigable streams,
or to deal with the sovereignty, the municipal
power, or the eminent domain which inhered
in the State of Alabama, then the compact
would have been as brittle and its terms as
null as if there had been no compact at all.
But because the subject was one lying within
the jurisdiction of Congress, without reference
to the compact, ergo, says the court, legisla-
tion and the particular form of legislation
adopted was appropriate and competent.
I repeat, in conclusion, that I think Senators
will find, whether they refer to the case of
California or to any of the other cases ante-
dating the admission of Nebraska, the impres-
sion has been—I v/ill not indulge now in an
argument or even a commentary upon the cor-
rectness of the impression—that such attempts
as this to make upon the threshold compacts
with a State which were to endure after the
State had passed the threshold of the Union
were to be confined to subjects such as these
to which I have referred.
If that be so I submit to the Senate that
those who doubt the right of Congress to legis-
late as now proposed, those who doubt the
validity of legislation like this, must look not
to such precedents as are furnished either by
the exceptional and peculiar history of the
ordinance of 1787, or to those instances,
plentiful in number, of arrangements such as
that to which the State of Alabama was a
party. We need broader precedent, we need
broader foundation of reasoning, if the new
doctrine is to stand. ~
Mr. HOWARD. Did not the Supreme
Court, in the case from which the Senator has
read, uphold the statute as a constitutional
statute, and declare that tlie streams within
the State of Alabama were public highways ?
Did the court hold that they were private
ways? Did it hold any other doctrine than
that the navigable rivers in the State of Ala-
bama were public highways according to the
compact?
Mr. CONKLING. 1 endeavored to state—
the honorable Senator may not have attended
—the decision of the court. The book is here,
and I will hand it to him that by his better in-
spection he may correct me if I am wrong.
The court decided that had the attempt been
to vest in the United States the power over the
soil, the compact, being an act of Congress
assented to by Alabama, would have been
void. Why? Because it would have infringed
upon the sovereignty, the municipal power, or
the right of eminent, domain which resided not
in Congress, which under the Constitution
could not be located with Congress even by
stipulation, but which resided indefeasibly in
the State of Alabama; and the court said that
because this particular clause of the compact
related to a regulation of commerec, and to
that, only, because it fell within the purview
of the constitutional power of Congress, which
constitutional power,pro hae vice, would have
been perfect without the compact, and was not
aided by it, therefore the compact was good—
not by virtue of its own force,- nor by virtue
of the fact that, it had been adopted and agreed
to, but, by virtue of the provision of the Con-
stitution upon which it stood, and which, the
court said, was ample without it, and ample to
uphold it. That was the decision, as I under-
stand.
Mr. HOWARD. Did the court say that the
power of the Government of the United States
is perfect in regard to a navigable stream as an
instrument of commerce lying within the State
of Alabama, and not. passing out, of it ? Where
do the court, get such n doctrine as that?
Mr. CONKLING. 1 will not go through
the whole case ; it is a long one. I have the
book here to hand to the Senator to correct me
if I be wrong in my statement of the particu-
lar point in judgment upon which I am com-
menting. There are many elements in the
case ; and if the Senator will take the trouble
to read it he will see by what understanding
of facts the court had appropriately before
it the basis of the opinion which it pronounced ;
and the Senator will find that one point in judg-
ment, to which the opinion is largely directed,
was whether the State of Alabama lost any-
thing or the Government of the United States
gained anything by the so-called fundamental
compact which had been established between
them.
And the Senator will find also that in the
treatment of that question the court planted
itself upon the power found in the Constitution
of the United Slates, and when it treated of
any additional power itused these words; "And
if an express stipulation had been inserted in
the agreement granting the municipal right of
sovereignty and eminent domain to the United
States such stipulation would have been void
and inoperative.''
Mr. HOWARD. I think that is a very
imperfect statement of the principle.
Mr. CONKLING. The statement of the
court?
Mr. HOWARD. The statement of the court.
Mr. CONKLING. I said that I did not intend
an argument or even a commentary; I rose
merely for the purpose of calling the attention
oftheSenateto one of these so-called compacts,
in which the court had been called upon to
express and had expressed its opinion. I said
also that I brought in the case merely as a
contribution of historical fact, even though it
might not be a contribution to" the science of
the question, and might not aid any Senator
in the determination which awaits it.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the question
of the authority of this Legislature to annex
fundamental conditions, permanent, lasting
conditions, to the admission of a State into the
Union is still in controversy. As the honorable
Senator from New York has just remarked, I
said the other evening that whether we had that
authority or not under the provisions of the
Constitution it was certainly an authority which
had been exercised almost as often, if not quite
as often, as we have admitted new States into
the Union. I did not recite all the instances
in which that power had been exerted. I do
not propose now to add one to the instances to
which 1 then referred; but I rise simply to say
with reference to the authority whichjias now
been read by the Senator from New York, and
which has been read here now not for the first
time, that I cited the acts of Congress to which
I alluded as evidence of what was the opinion
of those Congresses that passed them upon this
question of power; and can I be mistaken
when I say that nothing is clearer t'nan_ that
the Congress which passed the act admitting
Alabama, from which the honorable Senator
has just read, and the Congress which passed
the act, from which I read the other day,
admitting the State of California, thought they
were both exerting a power which the Consti-
tution delegated to them and were taking from
(he States of Alabama and California respect-
ively powers which but for those fundamental
i: conditions would be left in those States?
!j Mr. President, it is very clear to my mind
j that the Congress of 18-30 thought if they did
it not, pass that, act California would not come
! into the Union, and therefore they passed it;
;| and it. is just as clear to my mind that that
| Congress thought if they did not. impose these
fundamental conditions the State of California
!, would have power to impose taxes upon the
I use of their public highways, would have power
to tax the Government domain, would have
power to tax non-resident proprietors of land
within that State higher than they taxed the
resident proprietors of laud within the State,
and would have power to do each one of the
things which in these fundamental conditions
it was declared they should never do. That is
what that Congress thought. Clearly, also,
that Congress which admitted the State, of
Alabama thought that but for that, fundamental
condition the Legislature ot Alabama could
impose duties and taxes upon the comnie:oe
of its navigable rivers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Could the State of Mas-
