608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
sachusetts impose a tax upon the commerce
of its navigable waters?
Mr. HO WE. 1 was just abont to answer,
not the question of the Senator from Illinois,
because 1 do not propose to take tip the time
ot the. Senate iti discussing that question, by
hiiying that it' Congress thought the Legislature
would have that power, then it is clear they
thought this fundamental condition was ade-
quate to deprive the State of it. I cite these
statutes, I repeat once more, us evidence of
what, was the opinion of the several Congresses
tliat passed them upon the question of consti-
tutional authority.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator a question that I may understand liira. I
thought his observation was that it was clear
that Congress had acted under the impression
that they were receiving by these agreements
some power which Congress would not have
without them. Was I right in that?
Mr. IIOWE. That Congress was depriving
the Slate of an authority which the state would
have but lor the fundamental condition.
Mr. CONKLING. Are we at liberty, then,
to iiifer from the Senator's remark that in his
opinion, or in the opinion of Congress, if you
please, the States would have power to tax the
public lands and to tax the mail-eo'ielies and
other instrumentalities of the General Gov-
ernment V
Mr. IIQWTC. I should call for a division of
the question if I were bound to be interrogated ;
but I have said to the Senator from Illinois
that [ did not choose to occupy the time of the
Senate in discussing the question which he put,
which was as to the authority of a State Legis-
lature to tax commerce upon the navigable
rivers within the limits of the State.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's par-
don; 1 did not hear the question of the Sena-
tor troni Illinois. My observation was directed
to this point: the idea of the Senator from Wis-
consin seems to be conveyed by the question,
if the States had no such power why was it
that these conditions were inserted denying it?
I presume Congress saw that the States had no
such power, and therefore they supposed they
were getting nothing except a matter of con
venience in these fundamental compacts.
_ Mr. HOWE. I now wish to answer the ques-
tion directly which was put by the Senator from
New York. I think the State would not have
authority to tax the public domain even if
this fundamental condition had been in none of
the acts. I think the State would have as much
authority to tax a st:ige-eoaeh or a wagon
employed in carrying the mails as to tax a
carriage employed in carrying the honoiable
Senator from New York or mvself. So 1
have answered the question, I mean in my own
opinion, upon those two questions of constitu-
tional law.
Now, the Senator says iu substance that!
assume a great responsibility when 1 impute
to Congress an opinion upon a constitutional
question which I do not entertain myself; that
if it is not- my opinion that a Slate but for a
fundamental condition would have authority
to tax the public domain I lay a great impu-
tation upon Congress when I suggest that it
entertained the opinion that the'State could
tax the public domain.
Mr. CONKLIN Of. With the consent of Con-
gress.
Mr. IIOWE. Not without consent. Suppose
we take the reverse of this ; suppose we assume
that that Congress agreed with me in opinion ;
that that Congress thought tho State of Cali-
fornia could not tax the public domain ; what
shall we say of a Congress which attempted to
tie her, or in terms stated as a fundamental
condition to tho admission of the State of Cal-
ifornia that she should never do what the Con-
gress knew she could not do V
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator want
an answer to that ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me to answer I shall be very
glad to do it. Notwithstanding the very broad
doctrines laid down in the case of McCulloch
vs. Maryland, where the Chief Justice said
that the instrumentalities of the Government,
whether the Mint—I rather think the stage-
coaches were named there—or whatever they
might be, could not be taxed, I had supposed
the doctrine had been contended for always that
the power to tax might be surrendered for the
time beingby Congress to the S tates, as has been
insisted in the case of the bonds now outstand-
ing. 1 supposed that many persons held the
doctrine that if Congress chose to allow the
respective States to tax the five-twenty bonds
they might do so. I do not say that is my
opinion ; but that has been the idea. So here
I suppose the idea was that the public lands
might be taxed by the State if Congress would
permit it, and therefore they put in these funda-
mental conditions that no such thing should be
asked by the State or ever acquiesced in by
Congress—not that they gravely intended to
assert that in their opinion the State could do
it against the will of Congress. That I did not
suppose them to mean.
Mr. STEWART rose.
Mr. HOWE. What is tho Senator's sug-
gestion?
Mr STEWART. My suggestion is that the
Senate take arecess until half past seven o'clock
and sit the bill out to-night. I do not see any
probability cf ever getting a vote until we do
that; and if the Senator from Wisconsin will
give way for a moment I will move to lay this
bill on the table in order that I may submit a
motion for a recess.
Mr. I-IOWE. 1 yield.
Tho'V ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin yields to the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. 1 move to lay the bill on
the table with a vie.w of moving a recess.
_Mr. CAMERON. I believe the Senator from
Wisconsin gave way to me first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood him to yieid to the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. 110 WE. That calls for an explanation.
I did in terms yield to the Senator from Nevada.
The Senator from Pennsylvania had asked me
to yield for the purpose of moving an adjourn-
ment, and 1 offered to yield. I supposed from
what the Senator from Nevada said that he was
animated by the same purpose. The Senator
from Pennsylvania wanted an adjournment and
the Senator from Nevada, as I supposed, wanted
to lay the bill on the table and then to adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I want a recess. I want
to sit the bill out. to-night.
Mr. HOWE. If I am at liberty to withdraw
my proposition to yield to the Senator from
Nevada 1 should like to execute my original
purpose of yielding to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. 1 find they are not agreed in pur-
pose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that the Senator from Wisconsin has the right
to reclaim the floor if he desires to do so.
Mr. IIOWE. Then I will yield to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Execu-
tive business. [."No.no; let us adjourn."!
Mr. STEWART. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CAMERON, i withdraw my motion
and move that the Senate do now adjourn
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania withdraws his motion for an exec-
utive session and moves an adjournment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope my friend from
Pennsylvania will allow the question to bo put
first oti having an executive session. There is
some business that ought, to be transacted in
executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania indicate his motion?
Mr. CAMERON. I think 1 shall insist upon
adjourning now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Pennsylvania to insist
on his motion to adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. On this question I am paired
off with the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Abbott.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Antbony.BrowRlow.Buclcinaham,
Cameron, 0 hand lev, Davis, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris,
Howard, Howe, McOrecry, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine. Norton, Osborn, Pomeroy. Pratt., Raicsey,
Rice, Robertson. Sehurz, Seott, Spencer, Sumner.
Thayer, and Tip ton—27,
KAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreiflan.Carpenter.Ca'1-
serly, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds,
Fen ton, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton, Morton,
Patterson, lloss, Sauisbucy, Sawyer, Sherman, Stew-
art, Stockton, Thurman. Trumbull, Viekers, War-
ner, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—IS.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Cat-tell, Drake, Perry,
Kellogg:. Morrill of Vermont, Pool, Sprague, and
Yates—9.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President-
Mr. STEWART. Now will the Senator
yield to a motion for a recess?
Mr. HOWE. No ; I shall occupy but a few
minutes.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I was trying
to come to an understanding with my honor-
able friend from New York upon a question of
law about which it seems to me that he and I
should not differ, for the reason that he is a
very good as well as a very honest lawyer, and
for the reason that I claim to be an honest
lawyer if not a good one, but good enough to
comprehend a legal position when it is stated
with the accuracy and clearness for which the
Senator from New York has always been dis-
tinguished when he undertakes it.
Mr. President, I urged upon the attention
of the Senator from New York and upon ti;e
Senate that I cited these several statutes sis
evidence of what was the opinion of Congress
upon a question of constitutional law, that is,
the question of our congressional authority to
impose fundamental conditions. The Senator
has produced a decision of the Supreme Court,
which is to the effect that one of the funda:
mental conditions expressed in the act admit-
ting Alabama did not change the relations
between Alabama and the United States, be-
cause if that had not been imposed as a funda-
mental condition Congress under its power to
regulate commerce would have had the author-
ity to impose that very restriction upon the us >
of its rivers. I say, notwithstanding, that it i-;
evidence that the Congress which passed tha1
act thought the State of Alabama might but
lor the lundamental coiid'tions have imposed
these restrictions upou the use of Us river*, ami
I said that I thought it was imputing a
and serious inconsistency at least to tbaMOon-
gress to assume that it knew or believed th«
Legislature could not have imposed any restric-
tions upon the use of the rivers and yet under
took to forbid it by this condition.
The Senator from New York says that
although the Legislature of the State could no;
against the will ot Congress impose any restric-
tions upon the use of its livers it doer, r;,v
follow that Congress could not have nmiente,!
that such restrictions should be imposed : and
he says, by parity of reasoning, that although
he Legislature of a State could not provide
lor the taxation of the bonds of the Govern
raent it does not follow but that Congress could
authorize the States to impose taxes on the
bonds. Certainly it does not. That question
v. not in any issue between him and myself,
vi n0f' ,n(;nes?a'T for Congress to ^av to
Alabama, '• You shall not impose taxes upou
the use ot your rivers.The court has declared
that it is not necessary for Congress to say to
tue States, • I onshall nottax thebonds.'" "if
you are silent," says the court, "with regard
to the taxation ot bonds the States cannot tax
them.'
