610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20.
had power to impose this tax. I say to that
Senator uo.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator will allow me
I should like to correct him upon that point.
I have several times said that I introduced
these acts, not to prove that the States had the
power which these conditions inhibited the
exercise of, but to prove that the Congresses
which imposed these fundamental conditions
thought they had the power by a fundamental
condition to take from the States a power
which without the fundamental condition they
could exert.
Mr. CONKLING, And exactly so my hon-
orable friend will bear me out in saying what
I just stated. X said he deemed it a cognovit
of the Congress that in the opinion of that
Congress if they did not thus take the power
from the State it would remain in the State.
That is the very point as he states it and the
very point as I seek to state it; but I will vary,
if 1 may, his language as he puts it for the pur-
pose of dissenting from it. I say it is a forced
construction ; I might almost say it is extrav-
agant reasoning. I say that it would be extrav-
agant to hold that if 1 make an agreement with
the honorable Senator by which a certain thing
is not to occur between us that agreement is
conclusive evidence that in my opinion he
would have a right to insist upon it if I did not
make the agreement with him. If there was
the least doubt about it, if it was a subject of
controversy in any respect to be composed,
that would be a sufficient consideration within
all theory to uphold such an agreement, and
a sufficient reason for suggesting it; but if on
the contrary it was a power which although
residing of right in one he had a right to con-
cede or delegate to the other, or it might be so
insisted, then I say most amply, most abun-
dantly is there the foundation for an agreement,
and a provident and natural agreement such
as that which was made in the instances of
repeated States.
So I wish upon that ground to say that it is
not my argument at all, as the Senator makes
it his argument, and as he at first implied I
myself conceded or insisted—it is not my argu-
ment that these fundamental conditions assert
that the State had any such right; nor on the
other hand that the condition was necessary in
order to invest the United States with the right.
It is enough that, for reasons obtaining at the
time, the parties chose to express themselves
unmistakably in advance, to the end that there
should be no cavil, no controversy, no negoti-
ation afterward between them, but that the
location of the power as it had taken place
under the Constitution should be fixed as to its
exercise perpetually.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, as the
matter which is now being debated is one that
concerns the State which I represent in part
here I may be allowed a few words. From
the remarks just made by the Senator from
New York [Mr. Conklixg] it seems that at
some time when I was not noticing the pro-
ceedings the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] cited the case of the act admitting Cal-
ifornia in support of the doctrine that certain
provisions, denominated fundamental condi-
tions, may be inserted in this bill now before
the Senate. The fact that I was not aware at
the time of the observations of the Senator
from Wisconsin is the less to be regretted be-
cause the Senator from New York has stated
so well the true ground in reference to the
express provisions'1 of admission contained
in the California act.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator yield to a
motion to adjourn and make his speech to-
morrow morning?
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no speech to
make, simply some remarks.
Mr. SUMNER. Will not the Senator be
good enough to allow a motion to adjourn to
be made?
Mr. CASSERLY. Id esire merely to make
a few remarks, and I prefer to make them now.
Mr. WILSON. There is a special reason,
I think, why the Senator ought to give way,
and I hope he will do so to-night and speak
to-morrow on this subject.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator will allow
me I will state the reason, for I suppose the
Senator from Massachusetts alludes to me. I
desire to say that the variety and extent of
subjects committed to the Committee on the
District of Columbia of the Senate and House
of Representatives, I think is equaled by that
committee to no other committee 
Mr. STEWART. Is discussion on a motion
to adjourn in order?
Mr. HAMLIN. I have made no motion to
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California has yielded to the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say that the Dis-
trict Committee, both of the House and of the
Senate, had agreed to meet the mayor of this
city this evening at six o'clock for the purpose
of an investigation into its schools, its roads,
and all that variety of subjects which have a
general interest to the people of this District.
Several Senators. You can go and attend
to that.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall not leave this place
most assuredly while this bill is pending. I
shall stay here, and I hope the rest of the
committee will stay; but I think that informa-
tion which we could mutually give and impart
to each other in the meeting that was to take
place this evening is worthy of your considera-
tion.
Mr. STEWART. The District of Columbia
we always have with us.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator from
California will yield to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HAMLIN. And those who do not do
anything for the District we always have with us.
Mr. STEWART. And those who have done
nothing with it we always have with us ; that
is, a majority.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor if he
claims it, and he is still standing.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am reluctant to hold
the floor against a motion of this kind, backed
by such reasons. Hence, though I shall vote
against the motion to adjourn and hope it will
not caifry, yet I shall not undertake to prevent
any gentleman, especially the Senator from
Maine, who is one of the oldest Senators here,
from making a motion which he conceives con-
cerns so deeply his personal convenience.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then, with the permission
of the Senator from California, I submit the
motion to adjourn to the consideration of the
Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 24 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Chandler, Fenton, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris,
Howard, Howe, McCreery, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pratt. Rice. Robertson, Schurz, Scott, Spencer,Sum-
ner, Thayer, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Carpenter,Cas-
serly, Cole, Conkling. Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds,
Fowler, Hamilton, Norton, Nye, Osborn, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull,
Vickers. "Warner, Willey, and Williams—24.
ABSENT — Messrs. Abbott, Cameron, Cattell,
Davis. Drake, Ferry, Kellogg, McDonald, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pool. Ram-
sey, Hots, Sherman, Sprague, Tipton, and Yates—18.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was observing to the
Senate that the circumstance that the remarks
of my friend from Wisconsin upon the Cali-
fornia act had escaped my attention, was of
very little consequence in view of the extremely
clear, strong, and cogent statement of the law
in respect to the act made by the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Conkling.]
I rise now not to engage generally in the
debate but simply to show that those " express
conditions," so far from sustaining the "fund-
amental conditions" sought to be put upon
Virginia, supply a very strong argument against
them. I shall confine myself to that as closely
as possible.
The prohibitions which are either express
or implied in the California act resolve them-
selves into three classes. The first class is
composed of provisions relating to the public
lands, forbidding the State either to impair in
any way the title of the United States to those
lands or to tax them. The second class pro-
vides that the property of non-resident propn
etors who are citizens of the United States—and
I ask the Senator from Wisconsin to observe the
language, the property of non-resident propri-
etors '' who are citizens of the United States''—
shall not be taxed more heavily than that of
resident proprietors. The last class is the pro -
hibition which is necessarily implied iu^ the
provision that the navigable waters in the State
shall be forever free as well to citizens of other
States as to citizens of the State of California,
and exempt from any tax, toll, or impost.
There is no doubt in my judgment, and I
think there will not be in the judgment of any
gentleman who will take the pains to examine
the subject, that each of these three classes of
prohibitions is distinctly within the constitu-
tional power of Congress. There is not one
of these prohibitions which it would not have
been entirely competent for the Congress of
the United States to impose on California after
her admission as well as before. This view fur-
nishes a clear and satisfactory test that the
position which I am now endeavoring to en-
force must be correct. They add nothing to
the power of the Congress of the United
States ; they take away nothing from the power
or the equal dignity of the State of California
as a member of the Union, the power and
dignity expressly secured to her by the lan-
guage of the first section, by which she "i<
hereby declared to be one of the United States
of America, and admitted into the Union on
an equal footing with the original States in all
respects whatever."
It seems to me, therefore, with great defer-
ence to the Senator from Wisconsin, that his
argument is fallacious, that because Congress
has exercised those powers with respect to Cal-
ifornia which are embodied in the prohibitions
in the act of admission Congress may exercise
the powers which it is claimed here it should
exercise in this act in respect to the State of
Virginia. It is fallacious for the very obvious
reason that in the California case Congress was
exercising powers clearly within the Constitu-
tion, whereas in this Virginia ease it is not pre-
tended that there is anywhere a grant of power
to Congress to put such provisions into an act
respecting the State of Virginia as "funda-
mental conditions" of her admission to, or her
existence in, or her right to stay in the Union,
whichever you may please to term it.
_ The Senator from Wisconsin asked with con-
siderable force, certainly with a great deal of
plausibility, why insert these prohibitions, why
insist upon these express provisions of admis-
sion unless without them California were able
to do everything which it is by these provis-
ions forbidden to do ? I intend to state the
objection on the part of the Senator from Wis-
consin as fully as I am able, because I regard
that as the fair spirit in which a discussion of
this kind should be conducted. Having so
stated his objection, I will endeavor to answer
as fully.
I take the first class of these prohibitions,
which is a prohibition against the State of Cali-
fornia doing any act impairing the primary
title of the United States to its public lands or
levying any tax or assessment upon them. I
have said that this, like the other prohibitions,
was one within the constitutional power of Con-
gress. Why? Because Congress is expressly
vested by the Constitution with the power to
" make all needful rules and regulations con-
cerning the territory or other property belong-
ing to the United States.''' But that is a power
which, like other powers in the Constitution.
