1870.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
Congress is not obliged to exercise, and, like
many of the powers in the Constitution, it is
not self executing Why did Congress in the
admission of California execute this power?
The reason is obvious. California contained a
great body of valuable mineral and other pub-
lic lands, which had been acquired by the
blood and treasure of the whole Union. It
was fit that there should be no question between
the Union and the new State as to the title
or the status of those lands. Had Congress
refrained from making a rule or regulation about
these public lands there would be no inhibi-
tion against the State of California dealing with
them. There might be a possible question
raised as to her right. Congress, therefore,
in the exercise of a clear power granted by
the Constitution, forbids the State of California
in this act to interfere with the public lands,
either as to their title or by taxing them. That
is to say, Congress in this act makes a rule
and a regulation respecting public property.
Had Congress the constitutional power 1 That
will hardly be disputed. Congress has power
to pass such an act to-day respecting the pub-
lic lands in California, and not a great while
ago it did pass an act against trespass oa tim-
bered lands of the United States in that State.
Next is the prohibition that non-residentpro-
prietors who are citizens shall not be discrimi-
nated against in regard to taxation on their
property. That, also, is in pursuance of a pro-
vision of the Constitution, that the citizens of
one State shall'1 be entitled to all privileges and
immunities of citizens in the several States."
And to-day, if the State of California should
discriminate as to taxation against a non-resi-
dent proprietor who is a citizen of Massachu-
setts, Congress wightpass an act enabling that
non-resident proprietor to test the question in
the courts.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Would such an act be
necessary ? Would not such a provision of the
legislation of California be void under the Con-
stitution of the United States'?
Mr. CASSERLY. Without any doubt; but
Congress, desiring to make the thing perfectly
plain and facilitate the remedy of that non-
resident proprietor, who is a citizen—the gen-
tleman will remark the Constitution deals
with citizens; this protective prohibition is for
the benefit of citizens who are non-residents—
might well pass such a statute under a clear
power in the Constitution.
This brings me to the last of these prohibi-
tions, which is that 11 all the navigable waters
within the said State shall be common high-
ways and forever free as well to the inhabitants
of said State as to the citizens of the United
States, without any tax, impost, or duty there-
for." I suppose there can be no doubt that
this prohibition is within the power of Con-
gress "to regulate commerce." Upon this
point there is a special answer to the remarks
made by the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] when he asks why did Congress make
these prohibitions? The power to regulate
commerce happens to be one of those powers
which in some respects may be exercised by
the States when Congress does not exercise it.
A well-known instance is the making of pilot-
age laws for the different harbors of the United
States. In the absence of legislation by Con-
gress the States have legislated, and always, I
believe, with the entire concurrence of the
courts whenever the question was tested.
If in the admission of California Congress
had designed thatthe State of California should
not meddle with that branch of the power, Con-
gress might have insisted upon that point as it
has upon the subject of the navigable waters,
and might have enacted a prohibition against
California legislating on the subject of pilots
or pilotage at all. So, sir, in the same spirit
and for the same general purpose, to leave no
doubt whatever on the subject and to exercise
the power itself by means within its constitu-
tional competency, Congress has forbidden the
State of California to deprive the citizens of
the other States of the Union of their rights in
the navigable waters within that State, lest it
might be said, if there were not such a provis-
ion, that the State of California might attempt
something of the kind. But this provision
adds nothing to the power of Congress. Con-
gress may to-day impose such a regulation of
commerce on New York in respect ofhernav-
igable waters, by which I understand such
waters, salt or fresh, as may be means of inter-
course between States or with foreign coun-
tries. In addition, it should be remembered
that in legislating on these great powers of
Government an express prohibition does not
necessarily or even generally imply the power
to do the act prohibited, in the absence of the
prohibition. The Federal Constitution has sev-
eral express prohibitions on the States which
must have been implied without them. The
express prohibition of State imposts or duties
on imports or exports is one instance.
Both on principle and authority the grant to
Congress of the power to regulate commerce
would by its own nature deny any power in the
States to lay imposts or duties upon commerce.
For all these reasons, and to sum up, these
provisions in the act for the admission of Cali-
fornia are constitutional provisions. They are
provisions within the clear powers of Congress;
so clear, I repeat, that there was no positive
necessity for inserting them in the act of ad-
mission, for they could just as well have been
enacted by Congress at any time after Cali-
fornia was admitted. But they were made
" express conditions" in the act of admission
in order to settle the question at once, in order
to make the needful rules and regulations on
all those subjects, and to preserve that peace
and good will and those friendly relations be-
tween the State of California and the other
States of the Union and the Federal Govern-
ment which always should exist. It seems to
me, if my friend from Wisconsin will allow me
to say so, that the answer to his question why
they were put into the act is just as clear and
as convincing as all the other views of this case
as which I endeavor to sustain.
I do not agree, of course, that the provisions
which are sought to be put upon the State of
Virginia have any warrant whatever in the
Constitution. No gentleman has claimed that
they have. I have not understood any Senator
to lay much stress even on the idea that in any
way they grow out of the new, indefinite, and
most extraordinary powers claimed under the
general doctrine of reconstruction. They have
been attempted to be justified really upon pre-
cedents drawn from the action of Congress in
respect to other States. That view may be
dismissed with the general observation that all
those precedents will be found to resolve them-
selves into two classes: first, provisions which
respected property and were in the nature of
a compact made between the State a3 it existed
before its admission and the United States—
for there can be a State before admission as
well as afterward. In the State of California
our whole system of State government was in
complete operation under a full body of laws
nearly a year before the State was a State of
the Union.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator from
California yield to a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I am nearly through.
I say, sir, they were either in the nature of
a compact, generally as to property—indeed I
think of no case where the compact was not
one which respected property, and was in the
nature of a contract as to that property between
the State and the United States before the
State was admitted to the Union, and which,
of course, bound the State afterward—or they
were provisions made in pursuance of the clear
constitutjonal powers of Congress to legislate
upon certain subjects of great public concern
between the State and the citizens of other
States and the General Government; and
which, because they were subjects of great
public concern, out of which disorders might
grow as well in the State itself as in its ra-
tions with the General Government, and. the
other States, it was well and wise should be
into the Union. That is all there is of it;.and
there is no warrant in either class of cases for
the legislation which is attempted here, and
of which I xnust say, as was said once- in a
memorable case elsewhere, that if it shall
unfortunately become a law it will be a law
whose validity is much more than doubtful,
and which, as it will "go forth without au-
thority, will come back without respeet."
Mr. MORTON. I am satisfied this subject
cannot be finished to-night. We may sit here
for an hour or two longer and then adjourn
without finishing it, and punish ourselves to
no purpose. I therefore move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn. ' ®
- Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—ye"as.20, nays 25; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Chandler, Drake, Fenton, Gilbert, Harlan, Howard,
Morton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Bice, Robertson,
Schura, Scott, Spencer, Sumner, and Thayer—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Carpenter, Cas-
serly. Cole. Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds,
Hamilton, Howe, Nosi n, Nye, Osborn.Eoss, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Trum-
bull, Vickers, Warner, Willcy, and Williams—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Oat.tRli,
Davis, Ferry, Fowler, Hamlin, Harris, Kellogg,
McCreery, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Pool, Ramsey,Sherman, Sprague, Tipton,
Wilson, and Yates—20.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Drake,] on which tin?
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I have never
seen in this Senate since I have been a mem-
ber of it any such proceeding as is attempted
here to-night. Here is a proposition which
has been debated in the Senate now the ninth
day, and the attempt is made during the acci -
dental absence of some fifteen or twenty Sen-
ators to force a vote upon it when it is sup-
posed that by the absence of those Senators it
will be defeated. B'or one, sir, if this attempt
should prevail, I desire to enter my solemn
protest against the introduction into this body
of proceedings of that kind. We had fifty-
seven Senators answering to their names upon
the first call of yeas and nays on an adjourn-
ment ; we had forty-six upon the second—
eleven had left the Chamber then; we have
forty-five upon the last, although two voted who
did not vote on the previous calling of the
yeas and nays. And now when by accidental
absence of this large number of Senators,
there seems to be a probability that the propo-
sitions before the Senate may be defeated, the
attempt is made here to hurry us to a vote. I
have not in the time that I have been in this
body, now nearly three years, seen that thing
attempted here before; and it is attempted
now upon one of the gravest propositions that
can come before this body in connection with
the reconstruction of the late rebel States.
Sir, I protest against it as a wrong. I protest
against it as introducing into the Senate of the
United States a description of tactics which
never should find a place here.
Sir, this is the arena of all others in this
Government where perfect fullness of discus-
sion should always be allowed, and where the
utmost fairness in the consideration and determ
ination of questions should be the rule never
to be departed from. We have had the dis-
cussion. Now I demand the fairness. ^ Before
the Senate and before the country again I pro-
test against this attempt to force a question in
the absence of so large a proportion of the
Senate.
! hope, sir, that Senators will camly reflect
