1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vote at three o'clock on Monday, for one, as unwilling
aa I am to have the matter go over, I would be will-
ing to agree to let it go over until Monday, and lot
the Senate now adjourn, if that is its disposition, over
until Monday. Can we do that ?
" Several Senators. Certainly; certainly.
" Mr. Trumbull. Can that be the general under-
standing of the Senate, that on Monday at three
o'clock we shall vote upon this bill ? "
Of course the emphasis is mine,
is "this bill."
The print
"Mr. Dkake. Why not say four o'clock?"
And then it went on in a conversation of this
same kind, resulting in the agreement named.
Now I ask my friend from Illinois, without any
feeling or beat, because my respect for him is
too great to allow me to indulge in it, if he
thinks he is justified in imputing to us bad faith,
to say nothing of other people, after what took
place?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will answer without
any feeling. When I spoke of taking the vote
on •' this bill" I did not have it in my mind at
all that we were to vote upon it in the particular
shape it was then. That never occurred to me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then why did not my
friend suggest that view ?
, Mr. TRUMBULL. I had stated earlier in
the evening to the Senator from Vermont, who
made the objection, that if the Senate was full
I would move then to take up the House bill.
Does anybody know better than the Senator
from Vermont that the friends of the admis-
sion of Virginia would desire to adopt that
course which would bring the Senate soonest
to a vote upon a practical bill that would ac-
complish the object? And the House of Rep-
resentatives having passed a bill in the very
words of the bill reported by the Judiciary
Committee, excepting the word ''said," was
not that the bill we would naturally desire to
pass ? But I will ask the Clerk to read the two
bills, that the Senate may see 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, preamble and all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A preamble is not in
the Senate bill.
Mr. SUMNER. And read the amendment
to the Senate bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I should like to
put a question to the Senator from Vermont.
It is, whether he understood when the agree-
ment was made that wc were not to take up the
House bill ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I most certainly did, and
I verily believed that it was an honest under-
standing, as stated by the Senator from Illi-
nois, that we were to vote upon the Senate bill
with the amendment that was pending to it, and
I never suspected anything else until my friends
toldme two or three days after in this Chamber.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, I want to know
if the Senator from Vermont thought he was
to be released from any obligation that even-
ing if we took up the House bill ?_ Had the
Senator from Vermont it in his mind at that
time that in case the Senate should take up
the House bill he was released from any obliga-
tion? . .
Mr. EDMUNDS. I had it not m my mmd
at all, because I had not the most remote idea
after the agreement that the House bill was to
be taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. Every Senator 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have called on the
Secretary to read the two bills, that reported
by the Judiciary Committee, and that which
came from the House of Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the amendments
agreed to to the Senate bill, and with the pre-
amble to the House bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have called for the
reading of the two bills I have stated. The
Senator from Vermont can call for what he
pleases.
Mr. SUMNER. And let the amendment to
the Senate bill be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless objection
be made the Secretary will read what the Sen-
ator from Illinois desires to have read.
Mr. SUMNER. And—
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; ybu will not
"and" anything about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. After that some
other Senator may demand the reading of some
other document; but the Senator from Illinois
in possession of the floor has a right to have
the question put before the Senate as to what
he desires to have read specifically.
Mr. MORTON. I rise to inqjtire if there is
not a motion to adjourn pending ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not.
The motion to adjourn was withdrawn to allow
unanimous consent to be asked for an agree-
ment to take the vote at a certain time. The
Chair will state to the Senator from Indiana
that the Senator from Vermont objects, and
therefore the unanimous consent has not been
granted.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. For what pur-
pose does the Senator from Maine rise?
Mr. HAMLIN. To know for what reason
a motion to adjourn is not in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Because the Sen-
ator from Illinois is upon the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is a good reason.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless some Sen-
ator objects, in which case whether it shall be
read must be decided by the Senate, the Sec-
retary will read what has been called for by
the.Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I called for the reading
of the pending bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator to call for the reading
of a bill that was not pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I called for the
reading of the House bill that is now before us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
a right to demand that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do ask it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator also
called for the reading of another bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I purpose to have that
t*oorJ
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the pending bill from the House of
Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As it came from the
House.
The Chief Clerk. House bill No. 783 is in
these words:
" Whereas " 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not ask for the
reading of the preamble.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
asked for the reading of the bill without the
preamble. It will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted, &e„ That the said State of Virginia
is entitled to representation in the Congress ot the
United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I ask for the read-
ling of the joint resolution reported by the Judi-
.ciary Committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
now desires a resolution that is not before the
bbdy to be read. If there be no objection the
Secretary will read it; if there be objection the
question will be submitted to a vote of the
Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 85) declaring Virginia entitled to
representation in the Congress of the United
States, in the following words:
Be it resolved, &c„ That the State of Virginia is
entitled to representation in the Congress of the
United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now the Senate will
observe that the only difference between the
two is in the word " said;" and if the Secretary
should read on he would find that the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont,
and amended on the motion of the Senator
from West Virginia, which was either pending
or adopted, to the Senate resolution was also
offered immediately when the House bill was
taken up, so that the same subject was before
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, ^ the Sen-
ator from Illinois candid? He asks to have
the House bill read stripped of its preamble,
and then he asks to have the Senate resolution
read stripped of its proviso. Is he candid ?
The two propositions were essentially distinct.
The Senate proposition already had. ai} import-
ant proviso ingrafted upon it as the result of
many hours, if not many days' debate. Had
the question been proceeded with on the Senate
bill we should have been far toward a finp.1
vote 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Virginia would have been
in by this time.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not say whether Vir-
ginia would have been in or not, but we should
have been far toward a final vote. But the
Senator from Illinoisproposed a change. He
wished to have the House bill taken up when
the House bill was without the proviso. Sir, is
the Senator candid to insist that these two bills
are alike ? They are as. different as two bills
can be—one with an important proposition
which the other does not contain.
Andnow, sir,since testimony hasbeen givM—
the Senator from Illinois has given his testi-
mony and the Senator from Vermont his—I
may say I was here in my seat; I heard, all
that passed, and it never entered my head that
any one could be so preposterous as to imagine
or to take it into a moment's consideration
that any agreement was applicable to the House
bill. The Senator from Illinois, I think, was
alone in that; he had the monopoly of it; he
kept it all to himself, and now he seeks to
impose it upon the Senate.
Mr. CRAGIN. I do not think it is possible
for us to be in a worse temper to-morrow than
weareto-night. I have constantly voted against
adjournment. I now move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. Upon that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 25; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Chandler, Cragin, Drake, Fenton, Gilbert, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, Morton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt,
Rice, Robertson, Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Sumner,
Thayer, and Wilson-—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Carpenter, Cas-
serly. Cole, Conkling. Corbett, Edmunds, Jfowler,
Hamilton, Kellogg, Norton, Nye, Osborn, Ross,
Salisbury, Sawyer, Stewart, Stockton, Thnrman,
Trumbull, Viekers, Warner, AVilley, and Wil-
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Cattell,
Davis, Ferry, Hamlin, Harris, McCreery, McDonald,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pool, Ram-
sey, Sherman, Sprague, Tipton, andYates—17.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Drake.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now, after the explana-
tion that we have had, which I think will satisfy
the Senate and my constituents, withdraw my
objection to such an arrangement as my friend
having charge of the bill may choose to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there further
objection to the proposition that at four o'clock
to-morrow the vote shall be taken on the vari-
ous propositions in regard to Virginia?
Mr. C ONKLIN Gr. I shall make no obj ection;
butl begto be allowed to make aremark, whieh
I do in justice to the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee. I have heard it said here that
he must have been alone in his understand-
ing about the agreement to vote, and I have
heard the addition that it was preposterous
for anybody to suppose as he declares himself
to have supposed. I am bound to say. in
justice to him and in justice to truth, that it
never for one moment entered my-nund that
there was or could be a doubt that the under-
standing covered the body of the subject upon
which we were to vote, the admission of the
State of Virginia; and the idea thatbeeause one
bill bore one number and another bill bore
another number a discrimination was to be
