614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.January 20,
made as to the observance of the understand-
ing, I confess astonished me when I heard it
suggested the next morning. I had no doubt
whatever at the time that the understanding
was as the honorable Senator from Illinois has
declared he supposed it to be; nor am I alone
amongthe members of the Judiciary Committee
in this understanding. That I am quite sure of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the understanding for to-morrow ?
Mr. THAYER. I desire now to ask the
Senator from New York why, then, he did not
interpose to arrest the debate at four o' clock
on Monday, if he supposed the understanding
held?
Mr. CONKLING. I shall be very glad to
state to the Senator, for my part 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, before this debate progresses further, that
he hears no objection now to an understanding
that the vote shall be taken to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLING. When the Senator from
Vermont made the suggestion that he did, and
the Senator from Massachusetts simultane-
ously avowed that he would avail himself of
the sole objection, (if it should be sole,) to
moje than one reading of the bill on that day,
I then proposed, myself, to go on with the
Senate bill. I regretted then, and I regret
now, that the Senator having charge of this
bill did not fall into that suggestion ; and I did
it, I will say to the Senator from Nebraska, to
avoid any contingency which could lead to the
statement which has been made here now of
the difference between Senators.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator from New York
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr, NYE. It is whether when that House
bill came in the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary did not say that if the Senate was
not then comparatively thin he would move to
take it up at that time and substitute it for the
Senate bill?
^Mr. CONKLING. Certainly he did, and I
will say further to the Senator from Nevada,
that I came here the next morning, as I left
here that night, with an undoubting under-
standing that the House bill was to be offered
as a substitute and that the vote was to be
taken under the arrangement that had been
made. I had no more doubt about it than I
had that the arrangement occurred ; and now
I venture to ask the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Cakpenteb] whether his un-
derstanding was or was not like mine, as he
sat near me on the occasion and we conferred
with each other about it.
Mr. CARPENTER. _ I will say that my
understanding was precisely that stated by the
Senator from New York, and without that
understanding I should have voted against an
adjournment that night.
Mr. STEWART. That was my understand-
ing also.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I understand the Sen-
ator from New York to say that the House bill
was to be moved as a substitute. That is a
different matter.
Mr. CONKLING. I say I supposed it would
take that direction.
Mr. THAYER. I state as emphatically that
my understanding was that if the House bill
was moved as a substitute it would not be done
until four o'clock on Monday. I expected it
would be moved then, when we came to vote,
but not before. And let me say that the Sen-
ate bill was an entirely distinct bill after it had
been amended in the Senate. We did not chose
then to take another bill up.
Mr. CONKLING. I acquiesce in what the
Senator says, but I did not distinguish in my
own mind between its being moved at four
o'clock or some other hour. 1 had no doubt
that in some form the House bill was to be
voted upon and that the House bill was cov-
ered by the understanding that we should vote
at four o'clock on Monday; and my judgment
was, I say to the Senator from Massachusetts—
and so I stated at the time—that the best way to
arrive at it was to offer it as a substitute, and
I think the event has vindicated my opinion.
But that it was covered by the understanding,
I repeat I did not doubt, and I am astonished
that any Senators did doubt it j bat undoubt-
edly, as they aver that they did, such is the
fact.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator's own testi-
mony is against his conclusion. He says he
imagined it would be moved as a substitute.
It was perfectly in order to move it as a sub-
stitute ; there is no question on that point.
Mr. CONKLING. I am amazed again at
the Senator from Massachusetts. I understood
the arrangement to cover the House as well as
the Senate bill; and my own preference as to
the parliamentary mode of getting at it was to
offer it as a substitute, and not to lay aside the
other bill.
Mr. POMEROY. That was my under-
standing.
Mr. CONKLING. But that the understand-
ing covered the whole subject of the admission
of Virginia, no matter how the bills were num-
bered and no matter whence they came origin-
ally, I believed to be the clear accord and
meaning of the whole body of the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. It occurs to me that this
discussion is very unprofitable; but there is one
fact that ought to settle this question, and that
is that when the time came around on Monday
for taking the vote according to the original
agreement it seemed to be taken by common
consent, with very little objection, that the vote
shftuld not be taken; that the status of the ques-
tion had been changed ; and consequently the
hour was passed without voting with scarcely
an objection being made by anybody.
Mr. CONKLING. The objection to carry-
ing out the understanding had been made before
by the Senator from Vermont distinctly.
Mr. MORTON. It is true the objection had
been made, but scarcely anything was said
about it, and it seemed to be the general view
of the Senate, by its concurrence, that the
status of the question had been changed and
that the agreement was not binding.
Mr. STEWART. There is no objection to
the present agreement, I believe.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the agreement
now?
Mr. STEWART. That we vote on the main
proposition at four o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Chair what is
the understanding ?
_ The PRESIDIN G OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The understanding is that the
vote shall be taken on this bill to-morrow at
four o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING, Upon which bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon the
pending matter.
Mr. STEWART. The whole subject-matter.
Mr. HOWARD. This bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I object to that under-
standing unless it is with the idea that we are
to vote on the subject-matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist it shall be the
subject.
Mr. HOWARD. I insist it shall not.
Mr. SUMNER, it shall be on the pending
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I hope we shall
not adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn, and we can have the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that motion in order''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. CONKLING. Has any business tran-
spired since the other motion was made?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There has
been long debate since. The Chair has no
doubt that the motion to adjourn is in order.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before put-
ting the vote the Chair will state that the "pres-
ent occupant was not in the chair at the time
the understanding was made, but was upon the
floor. He understood the arrangement to be
that at four o'clock to-morrow the vote should
be taken upon the pending bill and the subject-
matter involved in it. That was the under-
standing.
Mr. CONKLING. If that is the understand-
ing I beg to withdraw my objection to an
adjournment; but I object to anything which
will lead to another such fiasco.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to say that if an-
other bill is introduced, even upon this subject-
matter, in my judgment it will open the whole
debate. I understand this arrangement to
relate to the pending bill for the admission of
Virginia.
Mr. SUMNER. With the amendments.
Mr. HOWARD. With all the amendments.
That is the usual understanding in such cases.
It does not cover the subject-matter in all its
variations and all its possible forms.
Mx\ CONKLING. Does this understanding
cover the Senate bill which lies on the table,
and the House bill which is before us—the two
bills we have been discussing?
Mr. HOWARD. The bill which we have
before us is the House bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. And all its amendments ?
Mr. HOWARD. All its amendments, of
course. The other bill is laid aside; it is 011
the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose we should want
to take up the Senate bill in lieu of this?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the call
for the yeas and nays withdrawn ?
Mr. CONKLING. If the Chair inquires of
me I will say yes, if I can have a proper under-
standing now in answer to the question put by
the Senator from Illinois: suppose some Sen-
ator shall move to lay aside this bill and take
up the Senate bill, then shall the understand-
ing go for nothing?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly ; that is the
understanding of the Senator from Michigan,
Mr. HOWARD. Oh, no.
Mr. CONKLING. If that is so we shall
gain nothing.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the use of mak-
ing such a motion? Why discuss it? Win-
imagine it?
Mr. CONKLING. I decline to discuss thai
question with the Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. If a new bill is introduced
here that has not been before us this arrange-
ment should not apply to it. °
Several Senators. Oh, no ; now we under-
stand.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the understanding
is that both these bills shall be voted upon with
their amendments, or either, as the case may
be. ["Yes, certainly."] I'withdraw my call
for the yeaa and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And any amendments
that may be offered?
Mr. DRAKE. Any amendments that mav
be offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the call
for the yeas and nays withdrawn ?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, if there be
i no objection the call for the yeas and nays is
1 withdrawn. The question now is on the motion
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senat"
adjourned.
; HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
! Thursday, January 20, 1870.
: Ihe House met at twelve o'clock m. Pravei
; by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. BrrLnn.
| The Journal of yesterday was read and
1 approved,
TESTIMONY IN* UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. FERRISS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Revision
of the Laws of the united States House bill
