1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
twenty days after the meeting of Congress at the
session next succeeding the time of their appoint-
ment.
Mr. BECIv. I have 110 objection to that.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to my friend
from Ohio that it be one Senator and two Rep-
resentatives. The board is quite numerous
now, and that will make a sufficient representa-
tion for Congress. I agree with the object of
the gentleman entirely. There is one Senator
and two Representatives on the board of di-
rectors of the Deaf and Dumb Asylum and
thesame on the board of the Smithsonian Insti-
tution, and I suggest to the gentleman whether
it would not be well to have the same board
here.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would say that many
years since there was an amendment made to
the law previously in force to the effect that
there should be selected from alternate States
a Board of Visitors, one from each, making a
board each year equal to half the whole num-
ber of States in the Union. But some two or
three years ago, for what reason I never could
understand, an amendment was adopted abol-
ishing that mode of organization of the Board
of Visitors, and leaving the President to send
half a dozen or so, which is now the practice ;
and these are gentlemen selected from among
the Army officers. Now and then a worthy
clergyman, or one in some corresponding posi-
tion, gets upon the board. It is not often the
ease that very severe criticisms are made by
these gentlemen, some of whom are graduates,
with all the esprit du corps which they have
carried out from that institution. But inas-
much as we are from year to year making
appropriations to keep up that establishment I
think the least we can expect is to have Con-
gress represented on the Board of Visitors,
whose duty it shall be to come back to Con-
gress and report the condition of that institu-
tion, for which we are paying large amounts
from year to year.
I shall not elaborate that point as all around
me seem agreed that Congress should be rep-
resented on the Board of Visitors. As to the
number, I think we should have as many as
five, in order to have a fair proportion on a
board consisting of seven, eight, or nine, so as
to provide for the accident of one Senator or
one or two of the Representatives^ not being
able to attend. I think we make it as low as
we can when we say two Senators and three
Representatives shall attend at these examin-
ations and make a report to Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BECK moved that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Myers reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
bill (H. R. No. 782) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, and had
directed him to report the same with amend-
ments.
The amendments made to the bill in Com-
mittee of the Whole were read and agreed to.
Mr. BECK. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. BECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORT OF COMMISSIONER 01' THE ItEVENUK.
Mr. LAFIjIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back, with the recommendation
that it be concurred in, the following concur-
rent resolution :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed for the use
of the Senate five thousand copies, and for the use of
the House of Representatives twelve thousand copies,
of the report of the Special Commissioner of the Itev-
enuc, and for the use of the Treasury Department
one thousand copies bound, with the appendices
complete.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, I do not deem
this the time or the occasion on which to enter
upon a general discussion of the questions
involved in the tariff; but it is due to our com-
mittee to state that for any delay with respect
to the printing of this report no member of our
committee is in the least responsible. We have
a disposition to print this report; and in mak-
ing this remark I desire to say that I by no
means commit the committee to either an ap-
proval or a disapproval of the statements and
conclusions of this report. But we recognize
the fact that this is a report from a regular
established officer of the Government; and that
it is due to him, occupying that position, and
that, too, with the approval of Congress itself,
that his report should be printed, as it has been
for the last three or four years.
We favor the printing of the report without
expressing, as I have said, either assent to or
dissent from the statements contained in it,
because it relates to a question which is prop-
erly engaging the attention of the whole coun-
try, and we think that it is due to the country
in the investigations which they are to make
of these great financial questions that all the
light that official experience and official in-
vestigation has placed in the hands of the
Government should by our action be shed upon
these controverted issues. In saying this I
disclaim being influenced by any private feel-
ings in the direction of liberal views on the one
hand, or of restrictive and prohibitory views
upon the other. I have my own personal con-
victions upon this subject, and probably they
may not fully accord or in any sense accord
with many of the statements or conclusions
that have been reached in this report. But,
sir, such is my faith in my convictions upon
this great question of the tariff that I am will-
ing to meet any statement that any officer of
the Government may make upon this subject,
and if those statements, prejudicial though they
may be to the convictions which I have held,
cannot be met by counter-statements I am
willing to confess that the time has come when
it becomes me at least to reconsider the grounds
upon which my former faith has rested, and I
say this in full view of the wishes of my con-
stituency.
Such is my faith in their intelligence, such
is my belief in their honest intention to do that
which is best for the country, that I believe
they will welcome this report, and they will
welcome the most thorough examination of the
statements therein put forth; and if those who
have seen fit in the public press and upon this
floor to attack the statements and conclusions
of that report are unwilling to meet it manfully
face to face and combat its statements audits
conclusions, then perhaps even that constitu-
ency to which I refer may find, in connection
with their Representative, that it is high time
for them also to reconsider the grounds of the
faith which they have heretofore held.
As I said before, 1 do not propose to enter
upon the discussion of the great question of
the tariff; but I do feel that it is necessary that
this House should vindicate the character of
an intelligent, able, and, as I believe, conscien-
tious officer of the G overnment from that reflec-
tion which would be cast upon him by refusing
to print this report.
Mr. Speaker, as I said before, I do^ not
express the private opinion of the committee
with reference to the statements of this report,
and I will now yield to my colleague upon the
committee irom Pennsylvania [Mr. Cake] for
half an hour.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Before the gen-
tleman yields I desire to ask him a question.
I wish to ask him whether the Committee on
Printing in passing upon this question took
into consideration the fact that the people of
the country as well as both branches of Con-
gress are considering the propriety of abolish-
ing the franking privilege, and if it shall be
abolished how he proposes that the members
of this House shall dispose of the twelve thou-
sand copies of this report which he proposes
to print for their use ? That is all.
Mr. LAFLIN. That is a very, pertinent
question; it is a question which certainly will
enter into the consideration of the committee
when they come to determine the number of
public documents that are to be printed for the
House under their advice. But just at this
particular time this special report must be
printed and circulated among our constituents
before Congress in its wise consideration will
have abolished the franking privilege.
Mr. ARNIiLL. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer an amendment to this concurrent
resolution ?
Mr. LAFLIN. What is the amendment?
Mr. ARNELL. I propose to move to re-
duce the number of copies to be printed from
five thousand to two thousand for the Senate,
and from twelve thousand to five thousand for
this House.
Mr. LAFLIN. I have no objection to hav-
ing that amendment proposed at the proper
time, but not now. I now yield to my col-
league on the Committee on Printing, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cake.]
Mr. CAKE. Mr. Speaker, the extraordin-
ary fact that the free-trade league published
the report of the Special Commissioner of the
Revenue for distribution in advance of the
action of Congress is sufficient reason for a
refusal on the part of the House to print addi-
tional copies. Were it not for the fact that
the joint resolution just reported by the chair-
man of the Printing Committee originated in
the Senate, and for the additional fact that the
plates are stereotyped and in possession of the
Public Printer, I should strenuously oppose the
printing of another edition. In view, however,
of the fact that the cost of the moderate num-
ber provided for by the joint resolution will be
but trifling, the mere cost of paper and press-
work, and in the hope that this report will be
the last that Congress will pay the gentleman
for writing, I have changed my mind in regard
to printing it and will vote for the resolution.
Sir, to preserve this wonderful production of
so wonderful an advocate of a protective tariff
may be a useful lesson to future protectionists.
I am told that this gentleman was introduced
to public life by leading tariff men because of
his profound qualifications as a political econo-
mist as well because of his reliability as an ad-
vocate of American industry. Having found
just the man who was to prove a phoenix in
his way, the place was invented for him, and
having fitted him out with most expensive har-
ness this phoenix was let loose upon us. And,
sir, he has proved a veritable John Phoenix.
Mr. Speaker, the earlier work of Mr. Wells
in the interest of protection is pronounced
creditable. The mistake seems to have been in
sending him to England ; or. as I may be mis-
taken as to sending him, let me qualify the
remark by saying that the mistake consisted in
letting him go to England at all in an official
capacity. Had it not been for the Mat of his
official capacity he might have gone to England
in safety to return in innocence.^ Had it not
been for the importance with which his official
capacity clothed him, his investigations there
would have been prosecuted to a good end and
he to-day honored by the believersin the Amer-
ican principle, instead of being hissed at by
every American workman. Had it not been ior
the official character of his pilgrimage he would
not have been worth buying, and he had, per-
adventure, returned to his native land a useiul
m But his office killed him, and his short life
