618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
may serve as a useful lesson to others who may
rise by reason of loud-spoken advocacy of pro-
tective measures. If he continues in life after
thfe expenditure of the appropriation vouch-
safed to him last summer upon special appeal
it will be as the miserable secretary of the anti-
American, anti-Republican free-trade league,
kept alive by British gold in the interest of
British iron-masters and manufacturers. Sir,
I would like every American, and every man
who means to come to America to live, to read
this last report by Mr. Wells, together with its
review by my colleague from West Philadel-
phia, delivered in this House on the 11th of
this month. If the antidote were taken with
the poison the effect in this case could not
fail to be good. But I am not afraid to trust
the report alone. The workingmen of this
great country are moving together, and they
know their true interests too well to be influ-
enced by either false reports, false statistics,
.false deductions, or false logic. I now desire
to yield to my colleague from the Lancaster
district, [Mr. Dickey,] who lias been studying
a work on familiar science by Mr. Commis-
sioner Wells.
Mr. DICKEY. This is a question of the
propriety of printing extra copies for circula-
tion of the report of Mr. Commissioner Wells.
I regret that the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Laplijj] has seen proper to eulogize that
gentleman as a gentleman of rare power and
attainment. A gentleman from my district of
rare scientific attainments has called my atten-
tion to some previous publications of this Com-
missioner Wells before he entered the field of
political economy. It seems that Mr. "Wells is
the author of a book called "Familiar Science;
or, a Scientific Explanation of the Principles
of Natural and Physical Science." He also puts
in the title-page of the book all his titles, so
that there may not be any mistake about the
animal, and the ear-marks are all here: "By
David A. Wells, A. M., member of the Boston
Society of Natural History ; of the Historical
Society of Pennsylvania; Pennsylvania State
Agricultural Society ; editor of Annual of Sci-
entific Discovery, Year Book of Agriculture,
Knowledge is Power, &c."
The gentleman who called ray attention to
this book denounces it in his letter as a fraud
and as a piece of charlatanism, and he calls
my attention to a great number of errors in it.
Not being a scientific man myself, and not being
veryfamiliarwithnatnralscience, I have looked
only at two or three of t}ie points to which my
attention has been called. 1 would state here,
too, that Mr. Wells in his preface to the book
advocates as the proper method of teaching phi-
losophy the system of questions and answers.
Upon page 55 of this book I find a question
and answer which I have no doubt will be of
great interest to some of my learned friends
here who have seen service in the field. The
question and answer are as follows :
" Question. Why will a riile send a ball more accu-
rately than a, musket or an ordinary gun ?
Answer. The advantage of arifled barrel is chiefly 1
derived from the more accurate contact of the bait I
with the sides of the cavity." j
In other words, to make the ball fit closely j
to the barrel you must cut a groove down the :
barrel and put a twist in the groove. He ig- !
nores the well-known fact why a rifle will shoot ■
more accurately than a smooth-bore gun. So !
much for Mr. Wells on gunnery. And he has J
introduced another piece of information in his I
book that will be valuable to all men. It !
relates to the flying powers of birds and the I
reason why necks are given to birds. He also :
alleges, what is not the fact, that all birds j
extend their necks when flying. Here are the :
question and answer: j
" Question. Why do birds stretch their necks when
nyiDSf ?
"Answer. Because they become like sharp points,
dividing the air and diminishing tlie resistance."
Now the fact is that some birds extend their
necks when flying and some do not; some ex-
tend them very far and some very little. The
eagle extends its neck slightly; the goose ex-
tends its neck very far. According to Mr.
Wells's theory, the goose is the bird of flight.
But we also have Mr. Wells upon fishes, and
here is something that my friends in the trout-
producing regions will be surprised at. It has
often been a matter of wonder to understand
why a trout will rise with such rapidity to the
fly, sometimes springing clear out of the water.
It is all explained philosophically by Mr.
Wells, as follows:
" Question. How are fishes able to ascend to the
surface of water ?
"Answer. Eishes have an air-bladder near the ab-
domen; when this bladder is filled with air the fish
increases in size, and, being lighter, ascends through
the water to its surface,"
So that whenever a fish wants to rise it swells
its bladder, thereby increasing its size, and up
it goes! [Laughter. ]
Mr. Wells tells us, also, how the fish gets
down again.
"Question. How are fishes able to dive in a minute
to the bottom of a stream ?"
Exactly in a minute, sixty seconds !
"Ansxoer. Th cy expel the air from their air-blad-
der; in consequence ofwhichtheir sizeis diminished,
and they sink instantly."
I should not have indulged in these remarks
but for the eulogy of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Laflix.] After the criticism which
Mr. Wells's report has received from members
of this body who have investigated the subject,
it might be a proper idea for the Committee
on Printing to provide for the publication of
this work on " Familiar Science " as a sort of
appendix to the same author's treatise upon
political economy or the science of govern-
ment.
There is another objection which I beg leave
to urge to the publication of extra copies of
this document. We are all of us proclaiming
our devotion to the policy of economy. Both
sides of this House have spread upon their ban-
ners the motto, " Retrenchment, reform, econ-
omy." Now, I think that when we come to a
work of such a charlatan as this we had better
put our foot down and practice a little of that
economy about which we talk so loudly. It
is proposed to incur in the publication of this
document an expenditure which, estimating
the cost of press work, the expense of folding,
and the distribution through the mails until it
reaches its destination, the waste-basket of the
person receiving it, will amount to some ten
thousand dollars. Is such an expenditure right?
Shall we satisfy our consciences, shall we con-
vince the public that we mean what we say
when we preach economy, if we send broad-
cast such stuff as this, and then turn around
and gravely cut down the salary of some twelve
hundred dollar clerk or some one-armed sol-
dier serving as a messenger in the Departments,
and claim that all this is done in the name of
economy ? 1 hope that this House, practicing
the economy which we all profess, will signify
emphatically its disapproval of the circulation
at the public expense of a document emanat-
ing from such a charlatan as the author of this
report.
Mr. CAKE. I yield to the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Mayxard] the remainder of
my time.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I avail my-
self of the opportunity to say a word upon the
amendment proposed by my colleague, [Mr. !
Arstetx.] I would suggest to him a modifica- ;
tion of it so as not to reduce the number of
copies to be printed for the use of the Senate,
a reduction which I think would hardly be
consistent with a proper comity between the
two Houses. At the same time I would sug- ,
gest the propriety of striking out the entire \
number proposed to be printed for the use of '
this House. ;
It will be observed that wo have already |
ordered the printing of the usual number of !'
copies, and as stated by the gentleman from ;
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cakf,,J a member of the
Committee on Printing, the report has already ii
been printed by the free-trade league, and in
the form published by that association has been
sent broadcast over the country ; I presume
every gentleman has received a copy of it.
It has been spread far and wide, and has had
public attention directed to it by a flourish of
trumpets. Therefore, whether we wish the
document for our own use or for the general
reader, its circulation is already sufficiently
provided for ; and this proposition to print
twelve thousand additional copies for the use
of the House will have the effect simply to
add a considerable item to the civil list and
increase the burdens of the mail under the
franking privilege. The only other effect of
the printing will be the implied indorsement
by Congress of the report and its distinctive
doctrings and opinions.
I do not propose to say aught of Mr. Wells,
good or bad. It has been asked, Who is the
1 Special Commissioner of the Revenue and
| whence has he obtained his present position?
In the nineteenth section of an act of March 0,
1865, provision was made for a commission of
three gentlemen to inquire and report upon
the subject of raising by taxation the necessary
revenue for the wants of the Government. Mr.
Wells, it seems, was one of that commission. I
will not go beyond the record to suggest or
give what were the rumors of that day. So it
was that subsequently Congress thought proper
to pass an additional act, which I ask to have
I read. It is section sixty-six of an act of July
| 13, 1866.
! The Clerk read as follows :
i " Sec. 66. And be it further enacted, That the See-
j retaryoftheTreasuryisherebyauthorizedto appoint
i| an officer in his Department, who shall be styled
i ' Special Commissioner of the Revenue,' whose office
! shall terminate in four years from the 30th day of
\ June,1866. ItshallbethedutyoftheSpecialCommis-
i sionerof the Revenue to inquire into all the sources
' of national revenue and the best methods of collect-
ing the revenue; the relations of foreign trade to
domestic industry; the mutual adjustment of the
systems of taxation by customs and excise, with the
view of insuring the requisite revenue with the least
disturbance or inconvenience to the progress of in-
dustry and the development of the resources of the
country ; and to inquire from time to time, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, into the
manner in which officers charged with the adminis-
tration and collection of the revenues perform their
duties. And the said Spccial Commissioner of the
Revenue shall from time to time report, through the
: becretary of the Treasury, to Congress, either in the
; form of a bill or otherwise, such modifications of the
rates of taxation or of the methods of collecting the
! revenues, and such other facts pertaining to the trade,
n industry, commerce, or taxation of the country as he
i| may find by actual observation of the operation of
ij the law to be conducive to the public interest; and,
(} in order to enable the Special Commissioner of the
; i Rev enue to properly conduct his investigations, he i^
i hereby empowered to examine the books, papeis, and
I accounts of any officcr of the revenue, to administer
Ii oaths, examine and summon witnesses, and take tes-
> timony; and each and every such person falsely swear-
ing or affirming shall be subject to the penalties and
disabilities prescribed by law for the punishment of
corrupt and willful perjury; and all officers of the
Uovernmentare hereby required to extend to the said
Commissioner all reasonable facilities forlho collec-
tion of information pertinent to the duties of his
\i omce. And tbe said Special Commissioner shall be
11 paid an annual salary of §1,000 and the traveling ex-
!; penses necessarily incurred while in the discharge of
[i ms duty; and ail letters and documents to and from
! the Special Commissioner relating to the duties and
business of his office shall be transmitted by mail free
of postage. And section nineteen of an act entitled
_ An act to amend an act entitled " An act to provide
,, internal revenue to support the Government, to pay
I, interest on the public debt, and for other purposes "
I approved June 30,1864,' approved March 3,1865, be,
, and the same is hereby, repealed."
Mr. MAI NARD. I have had this section
I read that the House might see by what remark -
; able legislation the organization of this anom-
; alous and extraordinary office was effected and
with what huge powers the officer was clothed:
j with more power, I undertake to say, than any
i other officer in the Government from the high-
| est to the lowest: an officer who has tbe power
I to compel, for such are the terms of the act,
| the obedience "of all officers of tbe Govern-
I menta sort of chancellor of the national
exchequer. So that if people have supposed,
as many have seemed to suppose, that their
fortune depended for good or ill upon the fiat
and the veto of this Special Commissioner, it
