1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sir-
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I do-—
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield
to we to make such a motion as his colleague
[Mr. Laflin] has indicated ?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I had rather
not.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This is the best
time for debating this subject. I hope the
gentleman will allow the motion to be made.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is so diffi-
cult to get the floor that I do not like to trust
myself off it.'
Mr. KELLEY. Very well; I simply wanted
to make a motion fixing the hour when the vote
shall be taken.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not rise
to discuss the question of tariff or free-trade,
protection or revenue, as my honorable friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Matnard*] seems to have
done. I think this is an inopportune moment
for that lengthy and elaborate discussion which
so important a subject demands.
Nor do I rise to defend the Special Commis-
sioner of the Revenue, who has been so severely
attacked upon this floor. I did not create that
officer. He is no officer of the gentlemen with
whom I am associated on this floor. His pol-
itics are not mine. I am not responsible for
his opinions or for his character. For what-
ever good or ill there is in him or in his pre-
vious publications, which have been attacked by
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Dickey,] those who cheated this officer
are responsible ; certainly I am not, nor are
those with whom I am associated here. But
so far as many of the principles which he has
put forth are concerned I shall support them;
but not all of them.
An attack has been made upon Mr. Wells
because he has changed his opinions; because
he was formerly regarded as a high protective
tariff man, and has ceased to be so any longer.
I suppose I shall also be assailed for a change
of my opinions. But 1 stand now where 1 ever
stood upon the subject of the tariff, a Whig,
and nothing but a Whig upon that subject; a
Whig of the Clay and Webster school. I am
not a Whig of the three hundred or five hundred
per cent, protection school, such a protection as
there is in the present tariff; I am not a Whig
for an average protection of forty-seven and
forty-nine hundredths per cent., as there is
in the present tariff. But I am for the tariff
of Webster and Clay, which seldom or never
exceeded twenty-five per cent., or when it
amounted to thirty or thirty-five per cent, was
thought to be enormous and outrageous and
was decried by all parties.
Sir, have I changed, or have others changed
who are now in the Republican party, and who
are upholding and supporting a tariff of from
three hundred to five hundred per cent? Who
have changed, I or they? Who are the follow-
ers of Clay and Webster, I or they ? Who have
departed fcom the old landmarks of the Whig
faith, I or they? I stand now for a revenue
tariff of twenty-five per cent., such as is rec-
ommended in the report of Mr. Wells; I stand
now as I have stood for twenty-five years past,
more or less. There is no change in me in that
respect. And if those are the ancient notions
of Mr. Wells, there is no change in him.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman yield
for a question?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. No; not at
present. Another honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, who represents the Schuylkill
district, [Mr. Cake,] an iron and coal district,
has chosen to make a personal attack upon a
portion of my constituents, the free-trade
league in the city of New York. He pro-
nounces them—I have his words—anti-Amer-
ican, anti-Republican, persons who have been
bought and purchased by British gold.
Sir, those gentlemen are not of my politics
or of my political faith. Not one of them that
I know of belongs to the Democratic party ;
they are all Republicans. And yet the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania charges those of his
own political faith with being purchased by
British gold; with being anti-republican and
anti-American.
Mr. CAKE. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him a moment ?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would do so
if it did not come out of the very few minutes
allowed me. The honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania representing the Schuylkill dis-
trict should be more modest in his charges.
He should bear in mind where he comes from,
whom he represents, what enormous bounties
are given to the iron and coal interests of which
he stands on this floor as the Representative.
Sir, I pay, my people pay, the whole eastern
people pay $1 25 in gold for every ton of coal
and nine dollars for every ton of pig-iron im-
ported into this country. I hold in my hand
a computation, not by men of my political faith
or party, but by the Chicago Tribune, which
reached me this day, which shows what is the
bounty paid upon pig-iron. According to the
New York Tribune, to which it refers, the total
product of pig-iron in this country for the year
1869 has not been less than two million tons.
The Chicago Tribune goes on to show that the
imports of pig-iron during that year were about
one hundred and seventy-five thousand tons.
The duty upon this iron is nine dollars per ton in
gold. The whole amount of pig-iron produced
and importedwas2,175,000tons, whichatnine
dollars per ton would yield an aggregate tax of
$19,575,000, which the people have had to
pay. Of this sum but $1,575,000 went into
the national Treasury, while the remaining
$18,000,000 were paid to those owning and
interested in the furnaces of this country.
Mr. CAKE. I hope the gentleman will not
say 
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would yield
to the gentleman, as I have already said, if it
did not come out of my time. I mean to say
to the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
that he who has fed and fattened upon these
bounties, he who has grown rich upon the
taxes we have had to pay, he who has put his
heel of iron upon every farmer, plow-holder,
and every tool-holder in this country, should
be somewhat more modest before he charges
a portion of the people I represent, though not
of my political faith or party, with being anU-
republican, anti-American, and with being
bought by British gold.
Sir, every factory, every steam-engine, every
fireside, whether in the cottage or the palace,
that is warmed in winter by anthracite or bit-
uminous coal, contributes more or les3 to the
support of the bounty-fed people whom the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania rep-
resents on this floor.
Away, then, with such foul charges as these!
Away with language so unbecoming a Repre-
sentative. Let the gentleman learn to discuss
questions on this floor upon principle, not upon
passion or party prejudice or personal abuse.
I impute no improper motives or conduct to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. But by
ingenious and adroit legislation, passed amid
the turmoils of civil war, when the people of
the country were engrossed in the work of
maintaining the Union, those whose associa-
tions are with him in the matter of a protect-
ive tariff have fastened upon the people the
system under which these bounties are paid to
favored branches of industry ; and many Re-
publicans in the State of New York and else-
where are now in favor of getting rid of them.
If the gentleman does not respect his party
associates let him respect human nature and
no longer charge that those who advocate a
policy different from his own are bought by
''British gold."
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary, announced that the President had
on the 20th instant approved and signed bills
of the following titles: • ■
An act (H. R. No. 790) repealing so much
of the act of August 8,1846, as declared the
Des Moinesriver, in the then Territory of Iowa,
a public highway; and .
An act (H. R. No. 861) making appropria-
tion to defray the expenses of the Committee
on Banking and Currency incurred in pursu-
ance of investigations ordered by the House
of Representatives.
pbihting of wells's report—again.
Mr. LAFLIN. I yield for two minutes to
my colleague [Mr. McCarthy.] •
Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, if gentle-
men of this House think that in providing for
the printing of this report they are publishing
a fair statistical exhibit of the condition of our
industrial interests they are mistaken; for, sir,
while this officer has been professedly engaged
in seeking information from those most inter-
ested or experienced in reference to our na-
tional industries, the information given to him
whenever adverse to his low tariff or free-trade
views has been suppressed; and I have the
proof of this suppression. His recommenda-
tion of a low tariff is almost entirely in favor
of British importations, such as if admitted
at low rates of duty enter into direct and de-
structive competition with our domestic pro-
ductions. On the other hand, with reference
to articles entering into the daily wants of all
classes of our people, whether in the cottage
or the palace, he advocates a continuance of
the high duties which are now in force. Why
this discrimination ? Let the Special Commis-
sioner of the Revenue answer.
In reply to my colleague from New York
[Mr. Brooks] I will only say that this country
in its past history has had a Benedict Arnold;
and this is not the first time that the party with
which my colleague acts has sustained and
supported the enemies of the country and of
the country's industries.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAFLIN. In order that the House
may decide as to the extent to which this de-
bate shall continue, I call the previous ques-
tion. If the call should not be sustained, of
course this matter will be open for general
Mr. ARNELL. I hope that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Laflin] will allow my
amendment to be offered.
Mr. LAFLIN. I am willing that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Aruell] shall be considered as pending.
Mr. MUNGrEN. I would like to occupy a
few minutes on this subject before the previous
question is demanded.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 46, noes 44; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Laflix and Mr.
Mungen.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 72, noes 62.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question being o# ordering the main
question,
Mr. RANDALL and Mr. KELLEY called
for the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes nineteen, noes not counted.
Mr. MAYNARD called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. ARNELL. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
