1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
citizens of Lawrenceburg, Anderson county,
Kentucky, praying that the franking privilege
be abolished.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The memorial of Sam-
uel Harper and others, of the sixteenth con-
gressional district of Ohio, praying such amend-
ment to the Constitution as to acknowledge
Almighty God as the source of all power and
authority in Government.
Also, the memorial of Lindley Lamb and
500 others, of said district, praying that the
franking privilege be abolished.
By Mr. BRADFORD : A petition of 60 citi-
zens of Fort Collins, Colorado, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 40 citizens of Georgetown,
Colorado, on the same subject.
Also, a petition of 46 citizens of Colorado,
on the same subject.
By Mr. BURR: A petition from citizens of
Calhoun county, Illinois, for abolishing the
franking privilege.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of J. H. Hubbard and 46 others, citi-
zens of Framingham, Massachusetts, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BUFFINION : The memorial of F.
S. Pope and 152 others, citizens of Sandwich,
Massachusetts, praying for the abolition of the
fran'sing privilege.
Also, the petition of Almy B. Chace, of Fall
River, Massachusetts, mother of William H.
Chace, deceased, private in company C, thirty-
second regiment Slassachusett3 volunteers.
By Mr. CESSNA: Five petitions of citizens
of the sixteenth district of Pennsylvania, pray-
ing Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Fulton county,
Pennsylvania, praying a change in the revenue
laws imposing tax upon flouring-mills.
Mr. COBURN: A petition of certain citi-
zens of Castleton, Indiana, and vicinity, ask-
ing a reform of the postal laws.
By Mr. COWLES: Two petitions of citizens
of Cayuga county, New York, for a pension
to the soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. CREBS: The petition of James C.
Ashford and 47 others, citizens of Rochester,
Wabash county, Illinois, praying that the frank-
ing privilege be abolished.
By Mr. CULLOM: A petition of a large
number of citizens of McLean, Woodford, and
DeWitt counties, in the State of Illinois, asking
•for the repeal of the franking law.
By Mr. DICKINSON: The petition of !
James Benham and others, citizens of Centre- i
ton, Huron county, Ohio, praying for the abo- •
lition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. DUVAL: A petition of the citizens j
of New Cumberland, Hancock county, West i
Virginia, praying for the abolition of the frank- j
ing privilege.
By Mr. ELA : The petition of Betsy Orliu, !
of Barrington, New Hampshire, for pension, i
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Robert B. :
McCulloch, B. Brittain, Abraham Thompson, J
Nicholas Drew, and 170 others, of Berlin,
Michigan, praying that the franking privilege ■
be abolished.
By Mr. GOLLADAY : A petition of sundry
citizens of Bowling Green, Warren county,
Kentucky, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. GREENE : Two petitions, one from
some 40 persons residing at_ Mongaup Valley
and one from Falls Mill, Sullivan county, New
York, of a like number, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. HAIGHT: A petition of 4o owners
of vessels of all classes of tonnage, praying for
the placing of a suitable light-ship for the pro-
tection of life and property on Winter Quar-
ter Shoal, situate about eighty miles northeast
of Cape Charles and sixty-five miles south
southwest from Cape May ; and also for erect-
ing a light-house on the south end of Block
Island.
By Mr. HALDEMAN: A petition of num-
erous citizens of Cumberland county, Pennsyl-
! vania, in favor of the abolition of the franking
j privilege.
By Mr. HAMILL: The petition of D. W.
j Houk and 50 others, citizens of Maryland, pray-
' ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
I By Mr. HOAR: The petitions of George S.
; Duell and others, of Brookfield, Massachu-
j setts; of J. F. Hitchcock and others, of War-
i ren, Massachusetts; and of'C. V. Corey and
j others, of Sturbridge, Massachusetts, all for
I the abolition of the franking privilege,
j By Mr. JENCKES: The petition of George
| Howland, of Newport, Rhode Island, and 2,000
! others, for pensions for soldiers and sailors of
i the war of 1812.
| By Mr. JOHNSON: A memorial of the
j State of California in respect to the public lands
of that State.
; By Mr. KERR: The memorial of C. Rich-
| ardsand 80 others, of Orleans, Indiana, asking
Congress to repeal the franking privilege.
By Mr. KNAPP: A petition of citizens of
West Oneonta, Otsego county, New York.
Also, a petition of citizens of Bennettsville,
Chenango county, New York, and a petition
of citizens of West Meredith, Delaware county,
New York, all for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Chenango
county, New York, for the establishment of
a post route from Smyrna to Pitcher, in said
county.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of G. B.
Huntington and others, of Theresa, Jefferson
county, New York, in favor of the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of J. II.
Drummond and others, citizens of Maine, ask-
ing that a pension be allowed to nurses who
lost their health while in the service of the
Government in the line of their duty.
By Mr. MAYHAM : The petition of Levi
Wood and GO others, citizens of Albany, for
the erection of a public building in that city.
Bv Mr. MAYNARD: A petition of citizens
of Tennessee, praying for relief against the ille-
gal and revolutionary proceedings in that State.
Also, the petition of Benjamin D. Perly, of
Clinton, Tennessee, praying to be paid for
services as spy during the late war.
By Mr. MERCUR: A petition of 47 citi-
zens of Bloomsburg, Columbia county, Penn-
sylvania, asking that the franking privilege be
abolished.
Also, a petition of 58 citizens of South
Creek, Bradford county, Pennsylvania, asking
that the franking privilege be abolished.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The petition of
Isaac B. Kinkead, of Washington county, Ohio,
late captain of company K, seventy-seventh
regiment of Ohio volunteer infantry, for relief.
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of R. R.
Collier, of Petersburg, Virginia, for removal
of political disabilities.
Also, the petition of the children of J. E.
Martin, deceased, of Lisbon, Portugal.
Also, the petition of Samantha H. Walker,
for a pension.
By Mr. MORRELL., of Pennsylvania: The
petition of Dr. John Lowman and 8 others,
physicians representing the Medical Societyof
Cambria county, Pennsylvania, asking Con-
gress to grant the medical officers of the Navy
such a degree of actual and substantial rank
as properly belongs to them as members of a
learned and honorable profession.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The petition of James
Walsh, praying for a pension for a wound re-
ceived while in the Army of the United States.
By Mr. PACKARD: A petition of citizens
of Westvilie, Indiana, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. PAINE : The petition of A. Farrand
101 others, citizens of Kenosha, Wisconsin, for
an appropriation for the Kenosha harbor.
By Mr. PETERS : The petition of Nathaniel
Moody, of Maine, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Cordelia C. Dougherty,
for a pension.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of J. C.
Fargo and others, of Randolph,.Vermont, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. POTTER: Petitions from the citi-
zens of Croton Falls, of Bedford Station, and
of Golden Bridge, New York, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. PROSSER: The petition of certain
citizens of Tennessee, asking that the franking
privilege be abolished.
By Mr. SLOCUM: A petition of citizens of
Brooklyn, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: Several peti-
tions of citizens of Connecticut, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petition of A. M.
Rudleton and 260 others, citizens of Peter-
borough, New Hampshire, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Philip Chamberlain, of
Milford, New Hampshire, a soldier of the war
of 1812, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Esther J. Formen,
for a pension.
By Mr. STRICKLAND: The petition ofg.
L. Brass and 86 others, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. SWANN: The papers in the case
of William Schilling & Co., praying to be
refunded certain taxes.
Also, a memorial from certain citizens of
Baltimore, in favor of the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. UPSON: Thepetitionof John C. Con-
ger and 44 others, citizens of Summit county,
Ohio, for the abolition ofthe franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Andrew Kyle and 57
others, citizens of Cuyahoga county, Ohio, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of Mil-
ton Baker and 162 others, of Fairfield county,
Ohio, praying that the franking privilege be
abolished.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The memorial of George H. Barrett and 50
others, citizens, of Worcester county, Massa-
chusetts, praying for the total abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of Samuel G. Kendall,
and 300 others, citizens and legal voters of
Westminster, Massachusetts, to the same effect.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: Petitions from
the citizens of Centrefield, Oldham county,
Kentucky, and also from the citizens of Fair-
mount, Jefferaon county, Kentucky, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: A memorial of citi-
zens of the District of Columbia, to incorporate
the National Medical Society of the District
of Columbia.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 21, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 17th instant, information
in relation to the dismissal from the Navy of
William Pollard, of Alabama; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Mechanics' State Council of Cali-
fornia, in favor of the passage of an eight-hour
law that will positively require that the public,
work shall be done at eight hours for a days'
labor, and making it a penal offense for officers
and contractors to evade its provisions; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. . .
Mr. WILSON. I present the petition of
