630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
history of this country, nor do I believe in the
history of any other country, was seen or heard.
Why, sir, what kind of a proceeding is this? i
One of your officers, a head of a Department,
sees fit to make a recommendation to Congress,
as it was very proper for him to do, and with-
out waiting for Congress to consider it, without
waiting for the proper committee in either
branch of Congress to consider it, without wait-
ing for them to weigh his arguments or invest-
igate his statement of fact to see whether his
arguments were sound and his statement of
facts true and correct,he sets his eighteen thou-
sand subordinates to bring to bear upon Con-
gress a public opinion that shall stifle all in-
vestigation and compel Congress to accede to
his wishes, however much our opinion may be
adverse to them ; to forestall the opinion of
Congress ; to prevent the investigation that he
invites by his report; to forestall and prevent
that investigation by a factitious public senti-
ment procured through his agency at the pub-
lic expense and by means of his eighteen thou-
sand subordinate officers, most of whom being
postmasters, not holding their commission
under any confirmation of the Senate, are
removable at his pleasure.
I think, sir, there has been a time when the
Congress of the United States would not have
submitted quietly to such conduct as that. I
think there has been a time when it would have
asked of this gentleman, " How is it that you,
one of the officers of the Government, thus
undertake to manufacture public opinion and
thus undertake to forestall and coerce the
action of Congress?" I do not know how
others think about it; but for me, who have
seen the time when no man, when not even
the President, would have dared such a thing,
this seems like a very strange proceeding.
I move that the petition be referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
i1 a rims withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That Stephen G. Montfmo havo leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
public lands is california.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present a memorial
from the Legislature of California, in relation
to a large body of land formerly withdrawn for
or in consequence of the Southern Pacific rail-
road, and making certain representations to
Congress in reference thereto, t ask that this
memorial bo read at the desk, printed, aud
referred to the Committee on I5ubiie Lands.
The Secretary proceeded to read the memo- !
i ial, as follows :
" Mcmorialof the Legislature of the Stato oi Cali-
fornia respectfully represents: that immense tracts
 t land in the. State, amounting to about thirteen
Million at-rc.?, arc now owned or claimed by a, few
railroad companies, under grants from Congress; that
,-uch lands comprise n veiy considerable portion of
the agricultural lands of our State; that the holding
of or claim to such largo tracts: of land by a few per-
sons has proved very disastrous to tho interests
ct our citizens, by preventing the development of
"Ur rc-ourecs and tho settlement of our State" 
.Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope the Senator from
California will allow the memorial to be re-
ferred without being read further.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is very short; only
two pages.
Mr. SHEIiMAN. It will take up the re-
mainder of the morning hour, and I am very
anxious to get action npon a public bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand that it is
almost a privilege of the Senate that a reso-
lution from the Legislature of a State shall be
sead.
Mr. SHERMAN, If the Senator insists
upon it I do not object to the reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule is not
uniform. Memorials from the Legislature of
a State are always printed when desired by a
Senator, and referred, and when asked to be
read in full on account of their importance the
Senate generally grants its consent. On  ,
motion to refer a Senator may, in fact, demand
that they shall be read. They are always printed,
however.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only reason why I
asked the Senator to give way was because I
desired to report and secure the passage of a
bill of public importance, the immediate con-
sideration of which will advance the public
interest, and I have only the morning hour to
do it in.
Mr. CASSERLY. The memorial is about
quarter read now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California insists upon the reading, and
the Secretary will read the memorial in full.
The Secretary continued the reading, as fol-
lows :
Aud it is further represented that moro than one
half of tho said thirteen million acres are claimod
by tho Southern Pacific Railroad Company, by tho
provisions of an act of Congress passed July 2?, A.
I). I860; that the land claimed by them virtually
includes every alternate seotion now belonging to
tho United States to tho width of sixty miles, and
extending from the Bay of San Francisco for a dis-
tance of about six hundred miles to the southern
lino of the State; that by the docision of the Seoro-
tary of tho Interior tho claim of tho said railroad com-
pany to said lands havo been held in valid, but that
said lands have not yet been restored to settlement
by preemption, thereby inflicting a serious injury to
the welfare of this State:
Wherefore Congress is earnestly requested to order
the said land now claimed by the Southorn Paoifio
Railroad Company to bo restored as soon as practi-
cable to settlement by preemption. And that while
the granting of aid for tho construction of railroads
and other internal improvements is earnestly advo-
cated, Congiess is requested not to make any moro
grants of lands in largo traots in this State for any
purpose; but to direct the disposition of said lands
tinder tito preemption and homestead laws to actual
settlers, and to grant in lieu thereof, in aid of the
construction of railroads and other internal improve-
ments, a fair sharo of the proceeds of tho sale of suoh
lands.
Ilcmhnl, That tho Governor of this State bo re-
spectfully requested to forward this memorial to our
Senators and Representatives at Washington at his
earliest convenience.
GEORGE H. ROGERS,
Speaker of the Assembly.
E. J. LEWIS,
President of the Senate pro tempore.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial
will be referred to tho Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
INCOJ1K TAX.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 120) declaratory of the meaning
and intention of the law relating to income tax,
have had the same under consideration and
direct me to report it back with two amend-
ments ; and I am also requested to ask the
consent of tho Senate to put it on its passage
now. It involves a difference of construction
in different departments of the Government as
to the income tax, which seriously impairs the
operations of the Government in the pay-
ment of salaries, and so on. I ask that the
joint resolution be considered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio reports back a joint resolution in relation
to the income tax with two amendments, and
asks for its present consideration. Is there
objection?
Mr. POME ROY. t do not know what the
amendments are. If the resolution is just as
it came from the House I will not object.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendments only
make the language clearer and the meaning
more specific. The meauing is not changed.
Mr. POMKROY. I object to its present con-
sideration. Ihavereceived ameinorial on that
subject this morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only say that while
some officers of the Government have this tax
deducted from their pay others have not, and
there is therefore immediate propriety in con-
sidering it now. I will move that tho pending
order be postponed.
Mr. POMKROY. Ther e is no pending order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has not expired.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the Senator has the
power to object.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not make any fac-
tious opposition to it; but, if I understand it, it
continues the present income tax just as it now
is for a year to come.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot explain it with-
out opening debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas objects, and the joint resolution will
be placed on the Calendar. Reports of com-
mittees are in order.
Mr. POMEROY. Having had the joint
resolution in relation to the income tax ex-
plained to me by the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill,] I withdraw my objection to its
consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I hope we shall take
it up and act upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further objection the joint resolution in regard
to the construction of the income-tax law will
be considered as before the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 120)
declaratory of the meaning and intention of
the law relating to income tax.
As doubts have arisen and conflicting decis-
ions been made in the different departments
of the Government in regard to the construc-
tion of the laws relating to tax on incomes, the
joint resolution declares it to be the true intent
and meaning of the acts relating to that sub-
ject that all persons are liable to the payment
of their proper income tax accruing and to
accrue for and during and up to the end of
the year 1870; and that tho assessment and
collection of any suoh tax accruing in the year
1870, and remaining unpaid on the 1st day of
January, 1871, may, under the existing pro-
visions of law, be made in the last-mentioned
year.
The Committee on Finance reported the joint
resolution with two amendments; first, in lines
five and six, to strike out the words " tax on
incomes " and to insert "the tax on incomes,
and on salaries and dividends in the nature of
income taxand second, in lines seven, eight,
nine, and ten to strike out the words "all per-
sons are liable to the payment of their proper
income tax accruing and to accrue for and
during and up to the end of the year 1870,"
and to insert "all such taxes shall be held to
continue for and during the year 1870;'' so that
thy resolution will read :
That whereas doubts have arisen and conflicting
decisions have been made in the different depart-
ments of the Government m regard to the construc-
tion of the laws relating to the lax on incomes aud
on salaries and dividends in tho nature of income
tax, it is hereby declared to bo the true intent and
meaning of the acts relating to that subject that all
such taxes shall bo held to continue for and during
tho year 1870; and that the assessment and collection
of any such tax accruing in tho year 1870, and remain-
ing unpaid on tho 1st day of January, 1871, may,
under the existing provisions of law, be made in the
said last-mentioned year.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendments ^reported by
the Committee on Finance, unless a separate
vote shall be demanded.
Mr. THURMAN. I was in hopes that the
chairman of the committee would explain this
matter a little to us.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will do so with pleasure.
The only reason why I did not do it before
was because I knew the end of the morning
hour was approaching, and I thought it im-
portant to have this matter disposed of this
morning. The explanation is this: there is
some doubt expressed by the Judge Advo-
cate General as to whether the tax on salaries
continues during the year 1870.
Mr. THURMAN. The Judge Advocate
General?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. What has he to do
with it?
Mr. SHERMAN. He ought not to have
