632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
has made the law in conformity to its own dis-
cretion and will, surely it is not for it to say
" these words shall have a certain meaning,"
and insist upon that meaning, and prevent the
operation of that other department, which is
meant as a check—feeble cheek though it
sometimes is—upon the law-making power.
Now, sir, I apprehend that if this joint resolu-
tion be passed declaring that an act of Congress
shall be construed only in one way, and if that,
construction be not in accordance with the
recognized adjudicated meaning of the words
used, it would be inoperative before any judi-
cial tribunal which had self-respect or courage
to maintain its rights and jurisdiction.
If it be the will of Congress to extend the
income tax for a longer period than the law
originally provided, that is a separate measure
to be voted upon on its merits and discussed.
But in the language of section one hundred
and sixteen of the internal revenue laws, act
of March 2, 1867, is the provision for the levy-
ing of this tax. It is therein declared that tlie
tax—
" Shall bo assessed, colloctod, and paid upon gains,
profits, and incomo for the year ending the 31st day
of December next preceding the time for levying,
collecting, and paying said tax."
In section one hundred and nineteen of the
same statute it is provided—
"That tho taxes on incomes herein imposed shall
be levied on tho 1st day of March, and be due and
payablo on or before the 30th day of April in each
year, until and including tho year 1870, and no
longer."
Now, sir, by the ordinary meaning of words,
by a meaning so plain that I think it would
scarcely be controverted by any reasonable
man, the tax laid under that section cannot
extend beyond the 30th day of April of the
year 1870, and by the preceding section, one
hundred and sixteen, it is to be assessed for
the year ending the 31st day of December next
preceding tho time for levying, collecting, and
paying the same tax. What is plainer? You
lix the 30th day of April, 1870, as the period
of the limitation for the laying and the collect-
ing of this tax, and you declare by a previous
section that it shall be so laid and collected
by the 31st day of December preceding. Where
does that bring you to? It brings you to the
necessary result, and the only sensible con-
struction of the law is, that this tax ceased and
is no longer leviable or collectable after the
Ulst day of December, 1869, or you may call
it, as the law knows no fractions of a day, the
first day of the present year 1870.
It is therefore, as my friend from California
well says, a question of judicial construction ;
and the point is now whether Congress shall
assume judicial powers. I am opposed to that.
The legislative power is full and ample. If
the law be inefficient, correct it in the usual
way. If you desire to continue this tax for
another year say so, vote upon it, and let tho
law continue its regular operation; but I do
submit it is an important question. 1 am one
of those who look upon our taxes already as
onerous. I am one of those who always have
considered that this income tax, being a direct
tax, was laid in conflict with the provisions of
the Federal Constitution. In that respect, to
say the least, it was of very doubtful constitu-
tionality. It never has yet to my mind received
the sanction of a competent judicial tribunal.
On these grounds I should be unwilling to con-
tinue that tax, I mean as at present advised in
the abstract; and I certainly do not think Con-
giess can continue it under an assumption of
the power of construing a law without any
regard to the effect hereafter to be given it
by that department of Government, and that
department of Government alone, which has
proper jurisdiction over such subjects.
Mr. CASSEIiLY. The Senator from Ore-
gon [Mr. Williams] asks what would I say
should I know that my own salary in this body
was subjected to the income tax while the of-
ficers of the military Department, escape under
the decision of the Judge Advocate General.
I was not thinking at all of my own salary or
myself. I was thinking of the people of my
State upon the Pacific coast, the most over-
taxed people in the United States to-day and
probably in the world. California is the
seventh or eighth upon the list of tax-paying
States. We all know what her position is in
the political power of the Union and in the
great influences which sway the Union and its
Government. There, sir, she holds an humble
place. She is very high upon your tax-gather-
er's list roll ; low enough on the roll of political
authority and consequence.
After considering the point made by the
Senator from Oregon it does not seem to affect
the view of this question which I should take.
He suggests that by reason of a decision of the
Judge Advocate General, at which he expressed
his surprise, the officers of the Army are not to
pay the income tax for this year. I ask, who has
given to the Judge Advocate General the power
to make such a decision to bind the revenue
department? I presume there is a mode in
which the officers of the Army can be made to
pay the tax upon their salaries just as all of us
Senators pay the same tax upon our salaries—
at the counter of the disbursing officer. Con-
sequently this decision, whether right or wrong,
is not of the slightest account in this discus-
sion. If there be a serious difference upon
the question of law there are various officers
of the Government duly authorized who can
solve the difficulty.
What I strenuously objcct to is that here,
under the form of a declaratory resolution,
there is to be a legislative act the effect of
which is—as the law is stated by the Senator
from Delaware, in whose construction of the
law I have the very highest confidence—to
continue tho income tax indirectly for a year-
longer, without submitting the case ou its mer-
its to the judgment of Congress in both Houses.
I say nothing of the constitutionality of the
tax. It is not necessary for my argument.
Enough that it is an odious and inquisitorial
tax, necessarily most unfair—a tax which favors
that class in the community best able to pay
taxes at the expense of those who are least
able, and worst of all, a tax on the honor and
conscience of the country in favor of those who
have neither honor nor conscience.
I submit that we ought not to continue the in-
come tax for a year longer except upon a direct
vote on the question on its merits. The Sen-
ator from Delaware has Btated that the tax has
expired. I am entirely of his opinion upon
his reading of the law. No gentleman on the
other side has read one line of a statute to
satisfy us that it has not expired or that we
ought to pass this joint resolution declaring it
still in force for the present year.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps in my desire to
obtain a vote upon this resolution and get it
out of the way of the pending bill, debate on
which is limited by general understanding to
four o'clock to-day, I did not make my state-
ment of the law as fully as I ought to have done.
Now, I beg the attention of the Senator from
California to the law. If it were true that this
bill did extend the income tax one year, that
would be no argument against it in my opinion,
because I believe the income tax ought to be
extended and will be extended; but I do not
think that is the question here involved. The
income tax is the only tax that is imposed on
property in the United States of America by
the laws of the United States. It is a tax which
| after being fairly examined I believe will be
I assessed for many years ; no doubt reduced and
| modified from time to time, the machinery for
| the collection of the tax simplified and made
less offensive; but the income tax I assert is
I the only tax that is now levied by the United
States upon property as distinct from taxes
upon consumption and taxes upon luxuries;
and therefore it is a tax that will be maintained.
In Englandf where the subject of taxation
has been reduced to a science, where the in-
come tax has been debated over and over
again, it is being continued as an ordinary
mode of collecting revenue, and in the United
States is the only tax by which we can reach
the large incomes of the rich as against the
consumption of the poor. Therefore, when
the subject comes up for discussion on its
merits, I certainly shall be in favor of extend-
ing the income tax ; but I do not think this
resolution raises the question of continuing
the income tax. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia wili look at the other sections of the
law, as he has the book before him contain-
ing the codification of the internal revenue
laws, he will find that there are three kinds of
income tax. First, there is the general tax on
persons, to which the section read by the Sen-
ator from Delaware relates, section one hun-
dred and nineteen. That act was passed on
the 2d of March, 1867.
Now, I will read the first clause of that sec-
tion, which was not read by my friend from
Delaware, because it did not bear upon his
argument; but it bears upon mine:
" That the tax on incomes herein imposed"—
That is, imposed by the act of March 2,
1867,. shall expire at a certain time. This
limitation in regard to the time of collecting
the tax is confined solely to the tax on per-
sonal incomes, as levied by section one hun-
dred and sixteen, on page 103 of the codifi-
cation.
But besides this tax on personal income there
are two other taxes in the nature of taxes on
income, ono of which is levied by section one
hundred and twenty under the act of July 13,
I860, which was general in its character, with-
out limitation, in force before the passage of
the act read by the Senator from Delaware and
now in force, which is a continuing act, like any
other internal revenue act. The section read
by my friend from Delaware does not limit or
restrain the collection of the tax imposed by
section one hundred and twenty. Now, let us
see. Section one hundred and twenty is, "That
there shall be levied and collected a tax of five
per cent, on all dividends in scrip or money
thereafter declared due and payable" by cer-
tain corporations. In other words, Congress
has imposed a tax of five per cent, on all in-
comes derived from corporations. There is no
limitation upon that tax as to the time during
which it shall endure; there is nothing to con-
nect it with the previous tax; it was passed at
a different date under a different law, collected
in a different manner, and although the legal
effect is the same, that it is a tax upon income,
yet it is an independent tax and is not restrained
or limited by the operation of section one
hundred and nineteen.
So again in section one hundred and twenty-
three there is still another tax, and that is the
tax which is now in dispute, the tax on sal-
aries. This tax was imposed by the act of
July 13, I860. There is no limitation as to
the duration of this tax, and nothing to confine
it to 1870 or 1869. It is not restrained by the
clause already read in the act of March 2,
1867, but is an independent tax, a tax on sal-
aries. I will read it; and it is upon this tax
that this dispute has arisen :
" That there.shall be levied, collected, and paid on
all salaries oi officers, or payments for services to
persons in tho civil, military, naval, or other em-
ployment or service of the United States, including
Senators and Representatives and Delegates in Con-
gress, when exceeding the i ate of $1,000 per an-
num, a tax of live per cent, on the excess above
the said $1,000; and it shall be tho duty of all
paymasters and all disbursing officers, under the
Government of the United States, or persons in tho
employ thereof, when making anv payment to any
oflicors or persons as aforesaid, whose compensation
is determined by a fixed salary, or upon settling
or adjusting the accounts of such officers or persons,
to deduct and withhold the aforesaid tax of five per
cent,.; and the pay-roll, receipts, or account of offi-
ceis or persons paying such tax as aforesaid shall
be made to exhibit the faet of such payment/'
Now, what has been the construction of it ?
Mr. Holt, who has no connection with this
