"1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
matter, whose attention is never called to in-
ternal revenue questions, has been asked for
an opinion. A paper is informally referred by
Paymaster General Brice to Judge Advocate
General Holt to pass upon the question whether
or not this tax on salaries was restrained by
section one hundred and nineteen, which re-
lates solely and exclusively to the tax on per-
sonal incomes imposed by a different act; and
the result is that the Judge Advocate Gen-
eral, not having all the laws before him, it not
being his official or personal business at all to
look in the internal revenue laws, his business
being simply to pass upon convictions by
courts-martial and other proceedings before
military tribunals, has, without careful exam-
ination of all these sections, said, "This tax
cannot be levied during the year 1870, because
the collection of the tax on personal income
imposed by a different law is not provided for
for 1870." There is no provision of law by
which the tax that accrues up to the last of
December of this year can be collected in 1871.
The Treasury Department, who had examined
this matter before, looked over it, decided,
and very properly, that the tax on salaries is
a continuing tax, not affected at ail by the
doubtful provisions of the one hundred and
nineteenth section; and they therefore pro-
ceeded to give directions to all disbursing
officers to collect that tax, and it is collected,
as well from us as other civil officers of the
Government. But the Paymaster General,
without consulting the Treasury officers, in-
dorses the opinion of Judge Advocate Gen-
eral Holt, and sends to the disbursing officers
of the Army, scattered over the wide extent of
this country, a circular to that effect; and
now, under these conflicting decisions made
by an officer not charged at all with any duty
of examining these questions, military officers
are not paying this tax, while civil officers are.
It is to correct that inequality, that mistake
if you please, that this joint resolution was
introduced in the House of Representatives
and is proposed to be passed here. I freely
confess that ifthis were a question as to whether
the tax on personal income could be collected
for the current year during next year it would
be a very different matter. There is no doubt
about the power to collect the tax this year on
last year's income; there is no doubt of the
legality of the collection of the tax for lastyear
during this year. But if the question should
how arise whether the tax on personal incomes
imposed by section one hundred and sixteen
for this year could be collected next year
under existing provisions of law I should very
much doubt it. I should say that section one
hundred and nineteen probably restrained and
prevented the collection of the tax on personal
income imposed by a different act.
Mr. CONKLING. This covers that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know, and I am willing
it should go to that extent. _ And why ? Be-
cause there is an ambiguity in the expression
of the act of March 2, 1867. My impression is,
and I think a fair, liberal reading of the law
will show that the personal income tax for
1870, for the whole of that year up to and
including the end of 1870, was intended to be
collected, and all that is necessary now to re-
move that ambiguity would be to extend the
provisions of the law for th© collection of the
income tax to 1871; because the legislators,
while they seemed to contemplate the collec-
tion of the present income tax in 1870, did not
provide a mode of collecting it, which could
only be enforced during the year 1870. All
that is necessary in order to avoid that diffi-
culty is to provide a remedy for the collection
of the tax on the present income accruing in
1871, which, as a matter of course, could only
be done by extending the time a year.
Now, so far as the tax on personal income
is concerned, the language of this resolution
is not so very material, because the whole sub-
ject of the income tax will come necessarily
before us during the present session. Whether
Congress will continue the income tax in the
future; whether they will diminish it, regulate
it, or change it, is not so material to be con-
sidered now ; nor did the Committee on Finance
go into the consideration of it now; but we felt
that this discordance between the different
Departments of the Government should be
reconciled, and therefore provided by this joint
resolution that all income taxes—the tax on
personal income, the tax on salaries, the tax
on corporations—should be continued during
theyearl870; andweprovideinthelast clause
of the resolution for the machinery by which
the tax on personal incomes may be levied.
This is the whole of the case.
It seems to me that this resolution ought to
he acted upon one way or th^" other promptly,
because, as I am informed by officers of the
Government, the opinion of Judge Advocate
General Holt, and the order of General Brice,
which I have before me, dated January 11,
1870, have been sent to the remotest parts
of our country, and this month, and probably
already, the disbursing officers have failed to
deduct the income tax upon salaries of mili-
tary officers, which clearly is a continuing tax,
and which it is undoubtedly the duty of the
paymasters to deduct, and when they come to
pass their accounts at the Treasury Depart-
ment they will be held to account for the fail-
ure to deduct this tax. But a law officer of the
War Department charged with military duties,
followed afterward by the order of their chief,
the Paymaster General, would seem to justify
the paymasters in paying the full amount of
the salaries without the deduction. It is to
avoid this trouble mainly that this resolution
is introduced.
Mr. WILSON. I hope this resolution will
be allowed to go over until to-morrow, and
that the Finance Committee will bring in a
bill which shall relieve the Army officers from
paying this tax. Their pay at this time is very
scanty. I hardly see how the greater portion
of them contrive to live at all. I hope that
the tax for this year will not be levied upon
them. I am willing it shall come from us,
but not from them.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Nevada demands the regular order of business.
The Virginia bill is now before the Senate,
the pending question being upon agreeing to
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to be
allowed to introduce a bill.
Several Senators. Let us go on with the
morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will continue to receive
morning business. ["Agreed."] Reportsof
committees are still in order.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 414) declaring the construction
of an act to incorporate the National Theo-
logical Institute, approved May 10, 1860, and
also an act to amend an act entitled '' An act
to incorporate the National Theological Insti-
tute, and to define and extend the powers of
the same," approved March 2, 1867, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 890) to authorize the paying and
sewerage of M street, Washington, District of
Columbia, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 430) to incorpo-
rate the Washington Mail Steamboat Company,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 3G9) to establish an additional land
district in the State of Kansas, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. The same committee, to
whom was referred the memorial of the Ger-
man ColonizationCompany of Colfax, Frismont
county, Colorado Territory, desire to have the
memorial printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order to print
the memorial will be entered if no objection be
made.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 297) to create a port of entry and delivery
at Omaha, Nebraska, reported it with an amend-
ment.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the resolution of
the Senate to print additional copies of the
report of the Special Commissioner of the
Revenue.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 782) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1871; in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 431) to abolish the Feedmen's
Bureau and provide for the Bureau of Educa-
tion; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Retrenchment, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 432)
to prohibit the sale of the public lands of the
United States in Kansas except to actual set-
tlers; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 433) for the relief of Mrs. Rawlins,
widow of John A. Rawlins, deceased, late
Secretary of War; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY. I ask leave to introduce a
bill without notice, and in introducing the bill
I desire to state that it is sent to me by a former
citizen of Connecticut, with a request that I
introduce it and have it referred. I know
nothing of the character of the bill, and do
not hold myself responsible for it.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 434) resuming the
lands granted to the States of Arkansas and
Missouri, to aid in the building of a railroad
from a point on the Mississippi river, opposite
the mouth of the Ohio river, via Little Rock,
to the Texas boundary, near Fulton in Arkan-
sas, and regranting the same to other parties
engaging to build the road; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution without notice.
This joint resolution, nearly in its present lan-
guage, was introduced by me in 1868, but was
not acted upon, and I want to present it to this
Congress for action.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 103)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that the resolution
be read at length. It is short.
The Secretary read as follows:
llesolvcd, &c., (two thirds of both Houses concurring
therein,) That the following articlo be sabmittea to
the Legislatures of the several Stated, and when
adopted by three fourths of the States
.1 part of the Constitution of the States,
known as artiele sixteen of amendments to said
C0ABTltCLK°16:. The basis of suffrase in the United
States shall be that of citizenship; and all nativ e
or naturalized Citizens shall enjoy the same rights
and privileges of tho elective franchise; but cach
