636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
Mr. President, I am not the apologist of
Governor Walker, because my acquaintance
with him is not sufficient to know in regard
to his previous course; but the Senator from
Nevada, who bad taken some pains to inform
himself in regard to the previous political his-
tory of Governor Walker, came into the Senate
the day after this occurred and corrected this
report, and I hold here the correction. It will
* also be found in an official document laid upon
our tables, House Miscellaneous Document
No. 8, where Governor Walker appears to have
been examined before a committee of the House
of-Representatives, and where this report, of
his speech was brought to his attention. The
Senator from Nevada brings this evidence
before the Senate and shows that Governor
Walker never made such a speech. He repu-
diates it. What does he say? He states :
"Itis truo that tho reported speech was precisely
as tlio gentleman states it. It is also truo that those
reports were taken down briefly, never revised by
mo, and I never saw them until I saw them in tho
newspapers. I was in anotherpartof tho Statewhen
this speech was published and sent to mo from Rich-
mond. I said to tho people what I havo said here,
that I did not approve of this county organisation
clause. It was expected that this clauso would be
submitted by tho President, together with tho test-
oath and disfranchising clauses, to a separate vote,
and the people were greatly disappointed that it was
not. In discussing the subject at first but little was
said upon this question, not with a viow to conceal-
ment or anything of tho kind; but subsequently that
clauso was discussed. What I said was this."
Now I read what he did say:'
" That it did not matter so much about the organ-
ization as it did the mannor in which it was admin-
istered, and that if I were elected, and a Legislature
in accord with me, it never would bo executed in a
manner detrimental to the people."
Well, sir, I hope it never will be executed
in a manner detrimental to the people, and I
trustthe Senator from Massachusetts even does
not want it executed in a manner detrimental
to the people, but in a way that shall be ben-
eficial to the people overwhom it is to operate.
That correction was made, as I say, on the 18th
of January. The Senator from Nevada went
011 further and proceeded to show what had
been the political course of Governor Walker.
I shall not read his speech, but it is very full.
I will refer, however, to one or two statements
appearing in that speech which are to me very
conclusive evidence of the loyalty and unionism
of Governor Walker. Among others is a ref-
erence to the remarks of my colleague in the
House of Representatives, [Mr. Farnsworth,]
than whom there is no more truthful man, who
performed service for his country in the war,
and as truo a loyalist and Union man as lives-.
What does he say?
"Mr. Fakkswohth. Why, sir, to my own knowl-
edge"—
This now is his own knowledge—
" Why, sir,to my own knowledge GovornorWalker
was a strong Douglas man, and sympathized with
that great man in his political principles up to the
day of his death. Ho was with Douglas whon he
madohis groat speech,in Springfield, in which ho
sounded the key-note to the war Democrats of the
country in favor of tho Union and of the war for its
maintenance. Governor Walker himself mado
speeches in favor of the war. He went to Spring-
field and aided in raising troops for the successful
prosecution of tho war."
That is the Governor Walker who is pro-
nounced "a traitor" on this floor. "It is a
libel," says Mr. Farxswoiith—
"It is a libel, a gross, black, damnable libel, to
charge him with what has been charged in the lying
document to which I have referred."
Here, sir, is the testimony, first of the
speaker himself and then of General Faknr-
wokth, who has known him for years and
speaks of his personal knowledge. It does
not stop there. A few days ago the Senate
confirmed to the high and responsible office
of Governor of one of your Territories another
gentleman from my State, whose character I
take occasion to indorse here and everywhere
as a truthful and loyal man and a Union sol-
dier during the war. This is a voluntary let-
ter on his part. When he saw what General
Farnsworth terms these damnable libels upon
a Union man whom he had known he comes
forward with this letter:
Willabd's Hotel,
Washington, D. C., January 18,1870.
Sib : I have known Governor G. C. Walker for
many years; and while there is no doubt he was a
strong friend of Mr. Douglas, and what was called
in Illinois a Douglas Democrat, yet to my certain
knowledge he was a truly loyahman, following im-
plicitly the teachings of his great leader, who, in my
judgment, changed the entire course of the Douglas
Democratic party of our State from opposition to
the Government t.o a hearty support of it. This is
the party to which Governor Walker belonged; and
whilo I know nothing in regard to affairs in Vir-
ginia, nor do I pretend to express an opinion, Ihavo
no hesitation in saying that Governor Walker is and
always has been a loyal man.
Respectfully, your obedient servant..
J. w. Shaffer,
Hon. William M. Stewart, UnitedStaiesSenate.
The Governor of one of your Territories
speaks of his "certain knowledge" that Gov-
ernor Walker is and always has been a loyal
man. I remember the time, it is within my
recollection, when what were known as the
domineering slave party in this Senate hurled
like epithets at the Senator from Massachu-
setts, imputed to him perjury. I hope he has
not borrowed from those domineering slave-
masters who were then here the language ho
applies now to others. But there was this
difference, Mr. President, between the accu-
sations which the lordly Mason and tho dom-
ineering Butler hurled at the Senator from
Massachusetts and those he hurls at Governor
Walker: the Senator from Massachusetts was
the peer of tho haughty Mason and the proud
Butler and could answer them back, but the
brave Senator from Massachusetts assails a
loyal Governor who has no opportunity to
reply!
Now, sir, what do we find after this perfect
refutation, full and complete ? Does it change
the Senator from Massachusetts? Not at all.
Did anybody ever know him to step down from
the lofty position of effrontery that he had
assumed? Never. He had said that Walker
was a traitor, and what mattered it to him what
the facts were ? The next day after this refu-
tation and vindication by the Senator from
Nevada, so full and complete, or I believe it
was tho very same day—I am not sure whether
he waited or not—the Senator from Massa-
chusetts comes into the Senate and renews the
attack. And I will read from the Globe what
the Senator from Massachusetts says after this
complete refutation of what had been said by
him previously. Why, sir, he has the assur-
ance to get up in this Chamber and read over
again the very incorrect report which the Sen-
ator from Vermont had read, which Governor
Walker before a committee of the other House,
as reported in an official document upon your
table, had stated to be incorrect. He gets up
here and reads it over again, and then goes on
to comment upon it:
" Thus, sir, docs he hand over this promised sys-
tem of public schools to destruction; ho dooms it
in advance. Ay, sir; knowledge is dangerous to
tyranny," &c.
And then he goes on again to make accusa-
tions against Governor Walker, and he reads
letters, but he does not give the names of the
writers of those letters; for even the Senator
from Massachusetts, old and venerable as ho
is, is not too old to learn prudence. It is a
consolation to some of us as we are growing
older that we may yet learn something. The
Senator from Massachusetts had veutured to
disclose a name a few days before when this
subject was under consideration, and I had
inquired who it was that sat by his side urging
him on—a person unknown to me. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts replied it was Mr. Por-
ter, a member of the other House, and he in-
dorsed him as a loyal man. He indorsed Mr.
Potter as a loyal man ! Well, we got at one
name ; but when we found out who was this
loyal man indorsed as such by the Senator
from Massachusetts, when we inquired a little
about him, whom did we find him to be ? I
called attention the other day to these inform-
ants of the Senator from Massachusetts, but
1 did not read at length what sort of a loyal
man Mr. Porter was. Now I want the country to
know and this Senate to know who " the loyal
men'' are that the Senator from Massachu-
setts assumes to represent when he denounces
loyal men as traitors. I hold in my hand the
trial of this man Porter by a military com-
mission convened at " the headquarters of the
department of Virginia and North Carolina
in the field" on the24th ofJune, 1864. Among
the charges, and I will read but one of the
specifications of one of the charges, because
I do not wish to take up any more time than
is necessary to refute these baseless assump-
tions. Specification second of the first charge
is one which I send to the desk and ask to
have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"That thesaid Charles H. Porter,being acounselor-
at-law and protending to hold the office of Common-
wealth's attorney for the State of Virginia, in the
city of Norfolk, having heretofore been an enlisted
man in the service of the United States, and having
been discharged from that servico for thepurpose of
taking said office of Commonwealth's attorney, and
being bound as woll by his duty as a loyal citizen of
the United Statos as in gratitude to the Government
of the Unitod States for discharging him from its ser-
vico for the purpose of taking said office and receiv-
ing its emoluments, did give aid and comfort to the
enemies of the United States by uttering in a loud
voico in the hearing of divers good citizens and some
rebel sympathizers in the city of Norfolk, seditious,
treasonable, and scandalous Words, as follows: 'This
Government is all a God damned humbug from be-
§ inning to end; and if you could have seen what I
id in Washington you would say so. I mean what
I say. I have been there and seen it all. Abraham
Lincoln is doing anything he can for his eleetion. If
Abraham Lincoln allows themilitary authority to go
on as it is hero I would rather live under Jeff. Davis's
government than this.' And upon beingrcprimanded
and cautioned by some one person, and upon being
asked if ho really meant what he said, he replied: 'I
do moan wbtit I say, by God.' And upon being asked
then by one of the party present, 'Do you mean to
say that you would ra.ther live under Jeff. Davis's
government than under tho one you are now living
under?' answered, 'Yes, by God, I stand here now
in thooity of Norfolk and proolaim it boldly and
above board that the United Statos Government is a
bogus, rotton, and corrupt Government from begin-
ning to end.' This on or about the 26th day of July,
1864, at the saloon of one Johnson in Main street.
Norfolk, Virginia, saidsaloon being knownandstyled
'The Office.'"
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, Mr. President,
this is the gentleman indorsed by the Senator
from Massachusetts as a loyal man. He was
convicted of these charges, and I have here the
finding. The court find him guilty "of the
second specification of the first charge," and
that is what was read; guilty of treasonable
language against the Government, guilty of
declaring that he would rather live under the
government of Jeff. Davis than that of the
United States; and the finding being approved
by the commanding officer, he was sentenced
"to be confined for the term of six mouths at
sueh military post as the commanding general
may direct."
It was prudent on the part of the Senator
from Massachusetts to withhold the names of
the writers of the letters he read. When my
friend from Nevada wanted to know who
wrote the letters to him the Senator from
Massachusetts did not propose to give any
more names. I commend his prudence in that
respect.
This, sir, is the kind of opposition which
is made to the admission of the government
of Virginia; and I do not stop with this. Let
us look a little further at the election which
was held in Virginia. The candidates for Gov-
ernor of the respective parties were Governor
Walker, who was elected, and Mr. Wells was
the opposing candidate. Gilbert C. Walker and
H. H. Wells received almost the entire vote of
the people of Virginia, more than two hundred
thousand votes ; and Mr. Wells, the opposing
candidate to Governor Walker, has written a
letter since, and I think this evidence should
be worth something to the Senate. I ask the
Secretary to read the letter of Mr. Wells, the
opposing candidate to Governor Walker at
the election which took place when the con-
