1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
have shown the position that he occupied in i
regard to the great act that gave suffrage to j
the colored men of the South ; I have shown |
the position that he occupied in regard to the |
great constitutional amendment that secures j
suffrage to all the citizens of all the States 1
alike; and there I am willing to leave him. j
The future historian will search the records in j
vain for the vote of the Senator from Massa- i
cbusetts in favor of any of the great measures
which have secured suffrage to the colored man.
Now, sir, I desire to make a few remarks in
regard to the pending amendment, which is to
impose what are regarded as fundamental con-
ditions upon the State of Virginia. I have
never believed in the validity of these so-called
fundamental conditions. I think there is no
instance where a condition of the character of
that sought to be imposed now has been im-
posed upon any State until the admission of
the State of Nebraska. That was the first
instance of the kind. .It will be found that the
legislation in regard to the admission of new
States, Ohio and Missouri, for instance—I will
take Missouri first—imposes a fundamental j
condition, but the fundamental condition is ;
nothing more than to require Missouri to com- i
ply with the Constitution of the United States. ,
I will read it:
"Missouri shall be admitted into this Union upon j
an equal tooting with the original States in all re- !
spects whatever upon the fundamental condition 1
that the fourth clause of the twenty-sixth section of
the third artieleof theConstitution, submitted by said
State to Congress, shall never bo construed to author-
ize the passage of any law, and that no law shall bo
passed in conformity thereto by which any citizen
of either of the States in this Union shall be excluded
from the enjoyment of any of the privileges and
immunities to which' such citizen is entitled under
the Constitution of the United States."
Clearly the State of Missouri could not
adopt a clause in her constitution which should
exclude a citizen from any privileges and
immunities which are secured to him by the
Constitution of the United States. So this fund-
amental condition is merely a declaration that
the State of Missouri shall not violate the Con-
stitution of the United States, and that is all
there is of it; and it will be observed that the
acts admitting States into the Union provide
that they are to be admitted "'on an equal
footing with the original States in all respects
whatever."
So in regard to the State of Ohio. I had
intended occupying a few moments of the time
of the Senate with the history of the ordinance
of 1787 and the cession of the northwestern
territory by Virginia, and I had sent for^ the
statutes upon that subject j but I regard it as
not very important to a decision of the question
under consideration, and as valuable rather in
a historical point of view than otherwise. The
State of Virginia passed an act in October,
1783, for the cession of the northwestern ter-
ritory to the United States, then acting under
the Articles of Confederation, upon certain
terms, and they authorized certain persons to
make a deed of the property if the terms wero
accepted by the United States. The terms
were accepted, and adeed was made by Thomas
Jefferson, Samuel Hardy, Arthur Lee, and
James Monroe; and that deed was accepted by
a resolution of the Congress of the United
States, which declared—
" That the United States in Congress assembled are
•'ready to ratify this deed whenever the delegates ot
the State of Virginia are ready to execute the same.
"The legates of Virginia then proceeded and
signed, sealed, and delivered the said deed; where-
upon Congress came to the following resolution:
"The delegates of the Commonwealth of Virginia
having executed the deed,
" Resolved, That thesame be recorded and enrolled
among the acts of the United States m Congress
assembled."
The act of cession of Virginia, which was
incorporated into the deed, contained many
of the provisions which are to be found in the
ordinance of 1787. The ordinance of 1787
copies several of the provisions found in this
deed of cession. Among other things the deed
of cession provided—
"That the territory so ceded shall be laid out and
formed into States containing a suitable extent of
territory, not less than one hundred nor more than
one hundred and fifty miles square, or as near thereto
as circumstances will admit; and that the States so
formed shall be distinct republican States, and ad-
mitted members of the Federal Union; having the
same rights of sovereignty, freedom, and independ-
ence as the other States."
This was the condition of the deed. It is
stated that the deed was made upon this con-
dition, and the act of Virginia making the
cession recites this condition. Subsequently
the Congress of the United States, in 1786,
asked Virginia to change tbe terms of this deed,
recognizing it as a compact with Virginia, and
they passed this resolution in 1786, before the
Constitution was formed:
"jResolved, That it be, and it hereby is, rcooiii-
I mended to the Legislature of Virginia to take into
| consideration their act of cession, and revise tbe
I same so far as to empower the United States in Cou-
I gress assembled to make such a division of theterri-
i tory of the United States lying northerly and west-
j erly ofthe river Ohio into distinct republican States,
J not more than five nor less than three, as the situa-
j tion of that country and future circumstances may
require; which States shall hereafter become mem-
bers ofthe Federal Union, and havo the samo rights
of sovereignty, freedom, and independence as the
original States, in conformity with the resolution of
Congress of the 10th October, 1781)." j
In accordance with this request the State of I
Virginia did pass an act changing the condi- j
tions of the deed of cession. I refer to this to j
| show what the understanding was. !
But I do not think that material to the ques-
tion under consideration. The question is:
has Congress a right to impose fundamental
conditions of the character now proposed. We
have been referred by the Senator from "Wis- j
consin [Mr. Howe] aud others to the funda-
mental conditions that are imposed upon the
new States in regard to the disposition of the
public lands, and also the provision that the
property of non-resident citizens shall not be
taxed higher than that of resident citizens.
Clearly the Constitution of the United States
would not allow that. That is merely carry-
ing out the Constitution. What does the Con-
stitution say:
" The citizens of each State shall bo entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the soveral
States."
Under that clause, in my judgment, no State
in this Union would have authority to impose
a higher rate of taxation on a non-resident
than on a resident.
There is another clause in the Constitution
to which I desire to call attention. It is this :
"The Congress shall havo power to disposo of and
| make all needful rules and regulations respecting
i the territory or other property belonging to the Uni-
j ted States."
j Under that clause the Congress of the Uni- j
ted States has complete authority over its pub- j
lie lands. It has by the express terms of the ;
Constitution the right '' to dispose of and make !
all needful rules and regulations respecting the !
territory "—that certainly embraces lands as j
well as political power—" or other property [
belonging to the United States." Under this j
authority to make rules and regulations regard- ;
ing the territory and other property of the |
United States Congress clearly has authority |
to dcclare that the public lands shall not be |
taxed ; that the sixteenth section shall be ap- j
propriated to schools ; that three per cent, of !
the proceeds of the public lands shall bo given
to the new States. All this power is perfect
ii and complete under this clause of the Consti-
tution I have read. Every condition that has
ever been imposed upon a State prior to that
imposed upon the admission ofthe State of Ne-
M braska has been of a character which the Con-
i gress of the United States had authority under
■| the Constitution to enforce whether it waspro-
;j vided for in the act of admission or not. They
i, have ail been provisions relating to property
:i or to the rights of citizens, which are secured
; by the second section of the fourth article.
Would the citizens of each State be entitled
to all privileges and immunities of citizens in
. the several States if a non-resident citizen was
I to be taxed higher upon his lands than a citi-
zen residing within the State,? This is the very
immunity which the Constitution intended to
secure to the citizens of the various States.
All the conditions imposed on the admission
of new States prior to Nebraska have related
to lands, the property of the United States,
over which Congress under the Constitution
has full power, or to the rights of citizens
secured by the Constitution and which Con-
gress could protect. These conditions,' in my
opinion, were merely declaratory of powers
which Congress would have had without them.
Now, it is proposed to do what? To impose
what are called fundamental conditions of a
political character, subsequent conditions of a
political character to be performed by the State.
Can you do that? It seems to me not; and
why ? The States which formed this Union
were coequal States. Does anybody controvert
that proposition ? They were coequal States
when this Union was formed. Congress has
authority to admit new States into the Union.
Into what Union ? A Union of coequal States.
There is no authority to admit States into any '
other Union.
" New States," says the Constitution, " may
be admitted by the Congress into"—What?
"This Union?"
What sort of a Union was it? It was aUnion
of coequal States because they were all equal
when they formed it. It is into " this Union"
that Congress has authority to admit States,
and Congress has no authority to admit States
into any other Union. You have a different
Union if you have a Union of unequal States.
I deny that Congress has any authority to im-
pose a fundamental condition upon the State
of Virginia or upon any other State formed out
of new territory or any of these reconstructed
States that it cannot impose and enforce upon
the State of Illinois. If the Congress of the
United States can say that Virginia shall never
alter her constitution in regard to lpcal matters,
to which the Constitution of the United States
has no application, then it can do it in regard
to Illinois. I deny that it can do it in regard
to either; and if it could you have aUnion of
unequal States, and you never could maintain
such a Union. It would be destruction of the
Government. The States of this Union must
be equal in all their rights as members of the
Federal Union, or you cannot preserve it.
Such is the Constitution ; such is the language
of the acts by which new States have been ad-
mitted ; and though I have votedfor the admis-
sion of States here with conditions imposed I
have done it because I was in favor of_the
admission ofthe States, and a majority ofthe
Senate insisted upon imposing the conditions
which, in my opinion, were of no validity
whatever.
Therefore I have been in favor of the sim-
ple resolution recognizing the State of Virginia
as entitled to representation, and I have voted
against all amendments to it. I voted against
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] and amended on
the motion ofthe Senator from West Virginia,
[Mr. WilIjEY,] which required the members
of the Legislature of Virginia to take a certain
oath and imposed penalties for false swearing.
I did not do that because I was opposed to the
fourteenth amendment. I voted for the four-
teenth amendment. I am in favor of its en-
forcement. I have reported a bill making it
a penal offense to violate it, and I am ready-
to pass that bill as a general law. Bat when
we by act declare the State of Virginia entitled
to representation in Congress, and thereby
make her one of the States of the Union, eijual
with all the others, I do not think this Con-
gress should pass a law making that a crime
in the State of Virginia which is not a crime
in the State of Massachusetts or the State of
Illinois. I am not willing to make that a crime
in any other State that I am not willing to
vote upon my own State. I am opposed to
that partial legislation ; and while I am for a
general law, I did not favor putting that pro-
