640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
vision on this bill; but, sir, I shall vote for
the bill nevertheless. I am so anxious to see
Virginia and all these States restored that I
am willing to vote for the bill when the Senate
put conditions on over my vote if I think those
conditions Are inoperative or of such a char-
acter as are not fatal to the measure itself.
Now, sir, I appeal to the Senate to recognize
Virginia as entitled to representation. She has
done all that she can. By more than two hun-
dred thousand votes she has adopted her con-
stitution, with only nine thousand against it.
Her candidates for Governor, of both parties,
ask to be admitted; the loyal men of the State
ask to be admitted; and it is due to these peo-
ple, who have complied with all your requisi-
tions, that you should now comply on your
part, and at once admit that State to repre-
sentation in Congress and to a full participa-
tion in all the privileges of this great Govern-
ment. Sir, I make this appeal in behalf of
justice, in behalf of the material interests of
the country, in behalf of the loyal men of Vir-
'ginia, whom Governor Wells represents, and,
as I believe, in behalf of nineteen twentieths
of all her people. I give no heed to these
unknown letter-writers; I give no heed to
these charges of a fraudulent election, because
I rely upon the official reports of the command-
ing general; I rely upon the supervision of the
President of the United States, who has looked
over this whole matter, and who has intrusted
its execution to efficient, loyal, and faithful
officers, and who tells us that Virginia has
complied with all the requisitions that we im-
posed upon her. If you must put other con-
ditions upon her, so be it; but in any event
let us pass the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois has had a revel to-day. He runs
into the region of personalities as the bird flies
in the air, as the fish swims in the sea. Sir, I
have no taste for any such thing, nor shall the
Senator by anything that he has said draw mo
aside from the strictest discussion of the issues
he has made. He may use hard terms; he
may indulge all those sentiments which I regret
to see fill his heart; but he shall not turn me
aside.
Am I not right, sir, in asking by what title
the Senator presumes to speak as you have
heard him? Who has invested him with this
professorial authority? Who has constituted
him my critic? "He has had pleasure in the
function, but I am much mistaken if when
time has brought some little opportunity of
reflection he does not find in his speech to-day
much to regret.
I have asked by what title he is my critic.
What is his history in this Chamber to give
him that authority? Where does ho find his
precedence? Arc you ignorant of his sena-
torial biography ? 'Do you not know that from
beginning to end, from the first day that the
proposition to confer suffrage on the colored
race was introduced into this Chamber down
to its acceptance by the people he has been its
persistent enemy ? How can I forget that when
I took upon myself the responsibility, in con-
junction with valued friends near me, of de-
feating one of his proscriptive measures, we
were doomed to encounter most unrelenting
activity. I pleaded then for the colored race,
and I was met by the scorn and reproach of
the Senator. Nobody who was here then can
forget it. That was as long ago as the winter
of 18G5. History proceeded, and at each stage
we met the opposition of the Senator. On that
very reconstruction act to which hehas referred,
oh, sir, how did I feel pained by that opposi-
tion ! I shall come to it in a moment. But
why indulge in details? Every time the ques-
tion was presented we had his opposition. It
is sad that it was so. It is sad for him now.
It was sad then for the colored race and for
that just reconstruction whose corner-stone is
justice to the colored race.
Nor was it enough that we encountered his
opposition in this Chamber. Elsewhere he
seized his pen to write an argument where lie
took the ground, which hereafter every jurist
must read with regret and pity, that color could
be, under the Constitution of the United States,
the " qualification" of a voter. The color of
the skin, he says. Why not then the color of
the hair? Why not the color of the eyes ? Sir,
the pretension is impossible. And yet elabo-
rately, gravelylhemadeit. You will find it in his
article. Buton this occasion, asalways, atevery'
stage the Senator was true to himself. Early
or late it is the same. At this very session, when
callcd to reconsider the case of Georgia, were
we not obliged to encounter his persistent oppo-
sition? Was he not willing then to see that
State handed over to the Knklux Klan? The
Senator made himself on this floor the repre-
sentative of this fiendish organization.- Through
him the Kuklux Klan, with its bloody orgies,
seemed about to prevail. Happily Georgia was
saved against his efforts.
Nor, sir, have you forgotten that when a
just and generous House of Representatives
dragged to this bar the greatest enemy of
reconstruction, the President of the United
States, the Senator from Illinois threw over
that criminal the protection of his vote. The
question was presented, Shall Andrew Johnson
be expelled from office—that reconstruction
might have free course; that the freedmen
might be protected; that the Kuklux Klan
might be trampled out. The Senator from Illi-
nois found an argument of technicality—what
lawyer cannotfind such an argument—in favor
of the criminal. Sir, you know liis vote. That
vote turned the scale, and continued the crim-
inal in power.
But the Senator dwelt especially on the first
act of reconstruction known as "The act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States," and charges that I did not
vote for it. This assault to-day compels me
to make a statement now which I never sup-
posed I should be called to make. I make
it now with hesitation, but rather to show his
course than my own. Sir, [ am the author of
the provision in that act conferring suffrage ;
and when I brought it forward the Senator
from Illinois was one of my opponents; then
as now. Senators who were here at that time
remember well that this whole subject was prac-
tically taken for the time from the jurisdiction
of the Senate into a caucus of the Republican
party, where a committee was created to whom
all pending measures of reconstruction were
referred. I had the honor of being a member
of that committee. So was the Senator from
Illinois. So was my friend from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard.] The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] was our chairman. In that com-
mittee this reconstruction bill was debated and
matured sentence by sentence, word for word;
and then and there in that committee I moved
that we should require the suffrage of all per-
sons without distinction of color in the organi-
zation of new governments and in all the con-
stitutions to be made.
In making this proposition at that time I only
followed the proposition I had made in the Sen-
ate more than two years before, which I had
urged upon the people in an elaborate address
at a political convention in Massachusetts;
which I had again upheld in an elaborate effort
for two days in this Chamber, and which from the
beginning Ihad never lostfrom my mind or heart.
It was natural that I should press it in commit-
tee ; but I was overruled, the Senator opposing
me with his accustomed determination. I was
voted down. The chairman observed my dis-
content and said, "You can renew your motion
in caucus." I did so, stating that I had been
voted down in committee, but that I appealed
from the committee to the caucus. My col-
league who sits before me [Mr. Wilson] cried
out " Do so," and then rising, said in language
which he will pardon me for quoting, but which
will do him honor always, "The report of the
committee will leave a great question open to
debate on every square mile of the South. We
must close that question up." Another Sen-
ator who is not now here—I can therefore name
him—Mr. Gratz Brown, cried out most earn-
estly, "Push it to a, vote; we will stand by
you." I needed no such encouragement, for
my determination was fixed. There sat the
Senator from Illinois,- sullen in his accustomed
opposition. I pushed it to a vote, and it was
carried by only two majority, Senators rising to
be counted. My colleague in his joy on the
occasion, cried out, " This is the greatest vote
that has been taken on this continent." He
felt, I felt, we all felt that the question of the
suffrage was then and there secured. By that
vote the committee was directed to make it a
part of reconstruction. This was done, and the
measure thus amended was reported by the
Senator from Ohio as chairman of the commit-
tee.
I am compelled to this statement by the
assault of the Senator. I had no disposition to
make it. I do not claim anything for myself.
I did nothing but my duty. Had I done less I
should have been faithless ; I should have been
where the Senator from Illinois placed himself.
The Senator, while denouncing my apostacy
on that occasion, exclaimed, ' 'Is it possible suf-
frage could be conferred without the Senator?"
Oh ! yes. I am of little consequence. Long
ago I arrived at the conclusion that in this
world no one man is necessary. Sir, you and I
may disappear from this scene, but others will
promptly take our places who will fulfill the
duties which we have left unperformed. Had
I failed to press this measure some other good
Senator would have come forward in my place.
My colleague would not have allowed that
great cause to go by default. Mr. Gratz Brown,
who is no longer among us, would not have
allowed it to go by default. Both of course
must have encountered the Senator from Illi-
nois. Against them instead of me would his
opposition have been turned? The measure
would have been introduced and carried, but
with the same opposition.
The Senator read from the Globe the vote
on the passage of the bill, and exulted because
my name was not there. Sir, is there any Sen-
ator iu this Chamber whose name will be found
oftener on the yeas and nays than my own?
Is there any Senator in this Chamber who is
away from his seat less than I am? There-was
a reason for my absence on that occasion. I
left this Chamber at midnight, fatigued, not
well, knowing that the great cause was assured
notwithstanding the opposition of the Senator
from Illinois, knowing that at last the right of
the colored people to suffrage was recognized.
I had seen it placed in the bill reported from
the committee. There it was on my motion,
safe against the assaults of the Senator from
Illinois. Why should I, fatigued, and not
well, remain till morning to swell the large and
ascertained majority which it was destined to
receive ? I have no occasion to make up any
such record. You know my fidelity to this
cause. You know if I am in the habit of
avoiding the responsibilities of my position.
I cannot disguise, also, that there was another
influence on my mind. Reconstruction, even
with the suffrage, was defective. More was
needed. There should have been a system of
public schools, greater protection to the freed-
men, and more security against the rebels, all-
of which I sought in vain to obtain in commit-
tee, and I found all effort in the Senate fore-
closed by our action in caucus. Pained by
this failure, and feeling that there was nothing
more for me to do, after midnight I withdrew.
On the return of the act to the Senate on the
veto of the President I recorded my vote in
its favor.
Sir, this is what I have to say on the title of
the Senator to criticise me. I now come to his
precise allegations against me, and with your
permission will take them up in thek^ order.
He complains, in the first place, thatl criticised
him last evening for declaring that the two bills
were alike. Sir, he ha>s stood up before the
