642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
Then, after proceeding in this vein, the letter
concludes:
"Do not give my name to any one, as it might
injure me as an officer to be meddling with politics;
but my heart feels and bleeds for poor Virginia."
What an opportunity for a sneer! Let the
heart feel and bleed for poor Virginia I What
caves the Senator from Illinois !
Sir, this is what I have to say on the second
count of the indictment, being that with regard
to knocking at the door. And now shall 1 ask
you, sir, are not these people knocking at the
door now? Have they not been knocking at
the door ever since the Senator from Illinois
made his precipitate, fatal report—knocking
at the door of the committee-room, knocking
at the -door of this Chamber, knocking at the
door of Congress, knocking at the great door
of the great heart of the American people?
But the Senator from Illinois answers with a
sneer!
In his next count the Senator proceeds to a
vindication of Governor Walker. I had sup-
Sosed that this character had been disposed of.
[e was brought forward here by the Senator
from Nevada as a very pillar of the State. I
showed him to be no such thing, but a cater-
pillar of the State. Was he not? Is he not?
On the speeches which I read can there be any
other conclusion? When one of his speeches
was introduced by the Senator from Vermont,
was it not natural for a Senator who was not
entirely willing to see human rights sacrificed
and public schools trampled out to cry out
" traitor?" Is ho not traitor—a traitor to that
cause which Congress now professes to have
at heart; a traitor to the equal rights of all be-
fore the law; a traitor to the great cause of pub-
lic education? Traitor, sir, I now call him;
traitor I hold him up to the judgment of the
American people.
Nor am I alone. Here is a letter that has
come to me this morning from a farmer:
" I am an old farmer, nigher seventy than sixty
years of age."
I will omit what follows, and proceed to the
point:
"'£ho immediate cause of my writing to you now
is to thank you for calling Walker, the Governor of
Virginia, in the Senato a traitor. Man originally
save names to the fowls of the air, the boasts of the
lield, and the fishes of the sea, but none wero more
appropriate than the one you gave to this cunning,
covert, arch-enemy of the black man and of recon-
struction in Virginia."
Sir, I adopt the words of the old farmer be-
tween sixty and seventy years of age ; the ease
could not be better described: "cunning,
covert, arch-enemy of the black man and of
reconstruction in Virginia." Did I not read
enough the other day to show the fact? Do
you wish me to go over the case again ? Shall
1 in reply to the speech of the Senator repeat
those extracts which I adduced on the former
occasion ? Has he in any respect impaired
their value as an exposition of the character of
this person ? Do they not still stand as his
own record of himself? Do they not show his
duplicity? Do they not show how he is really
opposed to this very Virginia constitution un-
der which he was chosen Governor—how he
treats one of our own eonstitutional amend-
ments as an " infamy ?''
And now it is said that the language which I
addressed was from a speech never revised by
him. Sir, did he not allow this speech to bo
circulated as a handbill throughout the State ?
Did he not whenever he spoke afterward speak
sentiments in harmony with this speech ? I
will not take up time to read the extract again.
Enough if I say that since I have been sitting
at my desk to-day I have had placed in my
hands another speech from this typical man in
the Shenandoah valley, precisely in harmony
with that speech from which I before read.
Here it is:
"Expurgate the damnable clauses and you will
have harmony. He regretted that they had not the
piivilege of voting down the county organization
feature of the constitution; hut nevertheless he
thought it best to vote for the expurgated constitu-
tion, because if once in the Union we will bo able to
rid the instrument of that and other objectionable
provisions in a mannor provided for by its framers."
All of a piece, all in harmony with the
original speech, all in harmony with the other
speeches, showing but one spirit, one animus,
one wicked purpose, to get the control of the
State, that he might trample out the very con-
stitution under which he was elected. Sir, is
he not a traitor? He may not be a traitor to
be summoned at the bar of justice, there to be
adjudged for crime ; but traitor he is to a great
and glorious cause ; traitor he is to the equal
rights of all; traitor he is to the whole system
of common schools. I was right, sir, in the
term I employed; the old farmer was right
when he sent back to me his approbation.
But the Senator, in order to make out his
case, insists that the schools are not in the
county organizations. True, sir, there is a
chapter in the constitution on Education; but
the machinery is supplied by the county or-
ganizations. In this chapter it is expressly
provided that " each township shall be divided
into so many compactly located school dis-
tricts as may be deemed necessaryand then
again "in each school district there shall be
elected or appointed aunually one school
trustee"—all of which is denounced by this
person ; and thus is the school system of Vir-
ginia handed over to the fate of all school sys-
tems in the land of slavery.
Then, sir, the Senator from Illinois in quest
of personality traveled over the ground with
which he was already familiar, and again intro-
duced the name of Mr. Porter, in order to pour
out upon him that venom which he poured out
so freely the other day. The supply is ample,
as vou witnessed on this occasion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suggest to the Senator from Massachusetts that
he does not think the term he has just used is
parliamentary—that a Senator pours out venom
upon a fellow-member.
Mr. SUMNER. If I have said anything not
parliamentary, I crave your indulgence. I
intended to be strictly within the line. I be-
lieve I have not departed from it. I submit,
however, with absolute deference to the judg-
ment of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair only
desires to restrain the debate so far as offensive
words are concerned.
Mr. SUMN ER. The Senator has stated one
side of the case with regard to Mr. Porter. I
hold in my hand resolutions of the Republican
State Central Committee of Virginia, unani-
mously passed and ordered to be incorporated
in the series already adopted, and with your
permission I will read one of them :
" lUnolved, That wo learn from the public prints
with regret that Senator Xkhmboll assailed yester-
day the loyalty of the lion. Charles It. Porter in the
Senate of the United States, by reading the charges
and specifications of disloyal language upon which
he was tried l)y a. military commission in 18(34. While
this is neither the time nor place to vindicate him,
we will simply state that the history of that trial is
woll known to the loyal people of Virginia; and
having learned it, it did not causo them to withdraw
their confidence from Mr. l'orter, or prevent it from
steadily increasing, in his spotless honor, unwaver-
ingloyalty, and unparalleled disinterestedness. Mr.
I^u tor was unquestionably a victim of persecution,
of false or greatly exaggerated statements as to what
he really did give utterance to. He was then defend-
ing the cau^e of loyalty, as ho is now, against the
powers, forces, and misrepresentations of might. We
feel assured if Mr. Tkumbuli, had known, as his
unscrupulous informants knew, that General But-
ler, after the trial, had publicly vindicated Mr.
Porter from the charge of disloyalty, or the general
circumstances of the case, he would not have attacked
Mr. Porter in any place, and much less in the Senate
where he could not open his Hps in defense."
Sir, these are the words of the Republican
State central committee of Virginia in the form
of a resolution unanimously adopted. Another
occasion for the sneer of the Senator from Illi-
nois !
The next count in the Senator's indictment
was that I had called the late election in Vir-
ginia a fraud; and how did he encounter this
truthful allegation? He proceeded to show
that General Canby designated only five coun-
ties in which there were cases of fraud. Is
that an answer to my entirely different allega-
tion? Does the Senator misunderstand me,
or is it an unintentional change of issue? My
statement was entirely different from that which
he attributes to me. I made no allegation of
frauds in different counties, be they few or
many.
I said that the election in the whole State
was carried by a conspiracy reaching from one
end of the State to the other, of which the can-
didate for Governor was the head, to obtain
the control of the State and in that way take
the loyalists away from the protecting arms of
Congress. That was my allegation. Is that
met by saying to me that I do not adduce evi-
dence of fraud in districts, or that there were
only live districts with regard to which we have
such evidence? How do I know that if you
should go into an inquiry you might not find
that very evidence with regard to all the dis-
tricts? The Senator sets his face against
inquiry, as we all know. But I did not intend
to open this question. My object was entirely
different; it was to show that from beginning
to end the whole canvass was a gigantic fraud ;
that Walker by a fraudulent conspiracy im-
posed himself upon the State ; that by appeals
to the rebels he obtained their votes and thus
installed himself in power, with the understand-
ing that when once installed he should admin-
ister the State in their interest.
Then, sir, farewell the equal rights of all;
farewell an equal judiciary which is the pal-
ladium of just government; farewell trial by
jury; farewell suffrage for all; farewell that
system of public schools which is essential to
the welfare of the community; all sacrificed
to this conspiracy. Such, sir, is my allega-
tion, and it was in making this allegation I
challenged reply; I challenge it now. When
I first made it I looked about the Senate; I
looked at those who are most strenuousfor this
sacrifice and none answered. None can answer.
The evidence is before the Senate in the
speeches of the Governor and in the election.
Sir, shall I follow the Senator in other things?
I hesitate. I began by saying I would not fol-
low him in his personalities. I began by say-
ing that I would meet the counts of his indict-
ment, one by one, precisely on the facts. Have
I not done so, turning neither to the right nor
to the left? I have no taste for controversy ;
much rather would I give the little of strength
that now remains for me to the direct advocacy
of those great principles to which my life in
humble measure has been dedicated, not for-
getting any of my other duties as a Senator. If
I have in any respect failed I regret it. Let me
say in all simplicity I have done much less than
1 wish I had. I have failed often, ohl how
often, when I wish I had prevailed. No one
can regret it more than I. But I have been
constant and earnest always.. Such, God will-
ing, such I mean to be to the end.
And now, sir, as I stand 'before the Senate
trying b,y a last effort to prevent the sacrifice
of Unionists, white and black, in Virginia, I
feel that I am discharging only a simple duty.
To do less would be wretched failure. I must
persevere. This cause I have at heart; this
people I long to save ; this great State of Vir-
ginia I long to secure as a true and loyal State
in the national Union. Show that such is her
character and no welcome shall surpass mine.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I do not
rise to protract this debate ; I should regret
very much to do so; but I suppose the Senator
from Massachusetts will be desirous to be cor-
rected in a very important matter of fact stated
by him 
Mr. POMEROY. If this debate is to be
continued, we shall be absolved from any obli-
gation to vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Letusvote.
Mr. POMEROY. I for one will not be held
to any agreement to vote if this debate is to be
continued.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Letusvotenow ornever.
