1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
passed. I understand the gentleman from Indi-
ana is willing to yield to me for fifteen minutes,
and I propose now, as there are bills passing
through the House for the purpose of taking
money out of the Treasury of the United States,
to call the attention of the House briefly to the
matter of the finances, I do it with the more
reluctance, sir, because I am obliged to refute
the statement of facts of a colleague of mine,
whom I have sent for and hope to see in his
seat, which has made a false impression upon
the country, however little calculated by him
t.o do so. I understand the whole scope of the
argument of the learned chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] arises
from a false understanding of the facts.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a point of order,
that the remarks of the gentleman are not per-
tinent to the pending bill; and I hope we shall
not have the morning hour, devoted to private
bills, taken up by general discussion of the
finances.
Mr. BUTLEIl, of Massachusetts. I am
showing why this bill should not pass in the
present condition of the finances of the country.
The SPEAKER. The point of order raised
by the gentleman from Missouri is one of the
most difficult the Chair was ever called on to
decide, and that is the latitude to which debate
may extend under the present motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I want
to premise that I have known the learned
chairman of the CoiinniU.ee on Appropriations
[Mr. Dawes] for many years and have differed
with him politically about as long, more or less,
and that I am sure he is never actuated by any
improper motive.
Mr. RANDALL. The point of order raised
bythegentlemanfrom Missouri was not decided
by the Speaker. I want it disposed of one way
or the other.
The SPEAKER. What is.the gentleman's
point of order? Does he renew the point of
the gentleman from Missouri, or make the
point that the Chair did not rule on it?
Mr. RANDALL. My point of order is that
the Speaker did not rule on the point of order
raised by the gentleman from Missouri.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules that
point of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The fund-
amental error of the learned chairman's re-
marks was this 
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to another point
of order. I renew the point of order as stated
by the gentleman from Missouri, and ask the
Speaker to rule on it.
The SPEAKER. Thegentlemanfrom Penn-
sylvania raises the question of order that the
remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts
are not pertinent to the motion to reconsider.
The gentleman from Massachusetts must con-
fine his remarks to the pending bill.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will withdraw his point of order.
Mr. "RANDALL. I withdraw my point of
order.
Mr. DAWES. Nothing can be more im-
portant to the country than to ascertain the
1'Gill f&cls.
Mr. RANDALL. I only did it to have the
Speaker decide a point of order when it is
raised.
Mr. DAWES. No one desires to know the
truth more than I do.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I renew the point of
order, as I want to save this day for private
bills.
The SPEAKER. The Chair makes the same
ruling.
Mr. PIOLMAN. This point of order comes
too late, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
had proceeded with his remarks.
Mr. BENJAMIN. How could we know
that his remarks were not in order until he
had begun to make them?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has indicated
his ruling in response to the gentleman from
Pcnnsj lvania. As the Chair has said, nothing
is more difficult to rule on than the latitude
of debate. The gentleman must discuss the
bill before the House and nothing else. But
the point raised by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania the Chair sustains, so far as requiring
that the gentleman from Massachusetts shall,
under the rules of the House, confine his re-
marks to the merits or demerits of the bill
under consideration.
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassaehusetts. I propose
to show that we are not as extravagant as we
are supposed to be, and therefore we shall
have money enough to pay this claim. [Laugh-
ter. J I was about saying that my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] made this funda-
mental error in his speech. He compared the
first year of General Grant's administration
with the last year of Andrew Johnson's 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the gentleman's remarks are not per-
tinent to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has twice
ruled that it is the duty of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to confine his
remarks to the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
done so, and it will be very difficult to choke
me off. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I was about saying in the midst of
the difficulties with which I am surrounded,
that my friend from Massachusetts[Mr.DAWEs]
committed a very grave mistake in the esti-
mates he made of the necessities of this Gov-
ernment for the ensuing year. Ho said that
he compared the estimates of the first year of
General Grant with the estimates of the money
with which Andrew Johnson said that he could
run the Government for a year. There is the
fundamental error. He has compared the first
year of General Grant with a year 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I again rise to the point
of order. I have not heard from the gentle-
man from Massachusetts one word in regard
to this bill. I understand the Speaker to have
ruled two or three times that the gentleman's
remarks should bo confined to the bill under
consideration. I insist on the enforcement of
the rule.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I insist
that my remarks are pertinent, for the reason
that I have already stated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled to
rule that the line of remarks pursued by the
gentleman from Massachusetts is not in order
on the consideration of this bill. A motion to
reconsider a vote by which a private bill was
passed brings up the merits of the bill itself,
and to these the gentleman must underthe rules
of the House confine his remarks.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Underthe
ruling of the Chair 1 will not attempt to go on
with the remarks I proposed to make, I had
supposed, however, that if I had proceeded to
show that we ought not to pas? a private bill
because we were taking money from the Treas-
ury which was needed for the general purposes
of the Government, that that line of remarks
was perfectly in order. But 1 do not mean to
appeal from the ruling of the Chair, ^propose
to obtain an opportunity of proceeding with
these remarks.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal again to the House
to allow my colleague to go on. It is of as much
importance !o me as to any other one that, if
I have committed a fundamental error, I should
be set right.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. We have no
objection over here to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts proceeding with his remarks.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri withdraw his objection?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. _ Then I
give notice that as soon as the morning hour
expires I will move that the House go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I withdraw the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. Reports are still in order
from the Committee of Claims.
BARNABAS LEACH.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, from the Com-,
mittee of Claims, reported back the bill (H.
R. No. 15) for the relief of Barnabas Leach,
a citizen of Elmira, New York, with the rec-
ommendation that it do not pass; and moved
that the same be laid on the table.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I would suggest that the
committee having reported adversely on this
bill, the speech of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] might be in order to
show that the claim ought to be paid.
The motion was agreed to.
JAMES I. KIDOLEi".
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the Commit-
tee of Claims, reported a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 125) for the relief of James L. Ridg-
ley, collector of internal revenue for the sec-
ond district of Maryland; which was read a
first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and the accounting offi-
cers in his Department, in the settlement of the
account of James M. Ridgley, collector of
internal revenue for the second district of
Maryland, to credit him with the sum of
$1,617 75, internal revenue stamps stolen from
his office, if it shall appear that said loss was
without fault or negligence on his part.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was, accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter m6tion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported adversely
on the following petitions; which were severally
laid on the table, and the reports ordered to
be printed.
The petition of Henry Lenhart;
The petition of Green and Trainor, of Sacra-
mento, California;
The petition of Simon Yan EUen, of Corn-
ing, New York ; and
The petition of Mrs. Catharine Jackson.
ANNA SACKETT.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do not pass, the bill
(H. R No. 1855) to pay Anna Sackett for a
horse lost by her husband in the late war ; and
moved that the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
s. & h. sayles.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, the bill (S.
No. 47) for the relief of S. & H. Sayles. The
bill directs the Secretary of War to pay the
:um of $88,688 15 to S. & H. Sayles, of Con-
necticut, in full satisfaction and discharge of
all claims and demands whatever of said parties
upon the Government of the United States
arising out of the contract made by them_ in
the month of March, 18G5, to furnish clothing
for the Army of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move the previous question on the bill.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the reading of the
report.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour lias
expired, and the bill goes over.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, by
unanimous consent, the Committee on the I ost
Office and Post Roads was discharged Irom the
further consideration of the petition <>i ■
