1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
649
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the rales be suspended and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, to resume the con-
sideration of the annual message of the Pres-
ident of the United States.
On the motion there were—ayes 68, noea
30; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered tell-
ers, and appointed Mr. Bdtler, of Massachu-
setts, and Mr. Randall.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes eighty-five, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Judd in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the annual message of the
President of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, Mr. CO-
BURN, and Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, addressed
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Wilson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I understood at
the rising of the committee on a former occa-
sion that when the House should again go into
Committee of the Whole I would be entitled
to the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has recog-
nized the gentleman as so entitled.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. In deference to the
wishes of my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] whose speech I am very anxious to
hear, I am willing to yield to him if it be under-
stood that his remarks are not to elicit further
discussion, and provided gentlemen who stand
behind me on the list of speakers agree to the
arrangement. I am willing to yield to the
gentleman for fifteen minutes if he thinks he
can make his speech in that time.
Mr. DAWES. Of course it can hardly be
expected, after the announcement which my
colleague has made, that he can make bis
speech without some reply from myself. I do
not know that I shall feel like saying a word
after my colleague gets through ; but I would
not like to be denied the privilege.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I regret to say to
both my friends from Massachusetts that with
all my desire to bo courteous I cannot yield,
because gentlemen who are interested as much
as myself in this matter forbid that I should
yield.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio is entitled to the floor, and will proceed
with his remarks.
agmcultune.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, it
will not be my business to-day to speak ot
finance, taxation, tariff, commercc, manufac-
tures, or any of those leading and exciting polit-
ical questions upon which men divide and differ,
except it may be incidentally, but to speak ol
agriculture, that peaceful and primitive avo-
cation which lies at the foundation of the pros-
perity, wealth, and greatness ot the American
people. None will doubt the truth of the prop-
osition that agriculture is the basis of civili-
zation, wealth, and population. The want of a
knowledge of this great truth has for centuries
causcd the aborigines ol tins country to be
driven still further and further toward the set-
ting sun and to see their once countless hosts
dwindled down to a few miserable and starving
tribes, roaming at large like the wild beasts
they were accustomed once to pursue and cap-
ture in the chase.
The Romans, notwithstanding their warlike
proclivities and love of prowess,^ regarded
agriculture not only as one of the chielsources
of their wealth, and greatness, but also as one
among the most honorable and patriotic pur-
suits. Hence Cincinnatus wa,s twice called
from his plow to the consulship and once to
the dictatorship, returning each time again to
his plow.
In like manner our own Washington, the
"American Cincinnatus, who has so well
earned the title of Father of his Country,
resembled the Roman patriot not less in his
principles and pursuits than his fortunes and
honors. Twice called to the Chief Magistracy
of his country, and once to the chieftaincy of
her armies, he returned again and again to
his plow.''1
None who rely on the field for bread or the
flocks for raiment, from the millionaire to the
pauper, from the statesman to the peasant, are
exempt from an interest in husbandry. All
ranks and conditions of men have a common
claim to the benefits arising from agriculture.
" Moreover, the profit of the earth is for all;
the king himself is served by the field."
In a country of such vast extent as ours,
embracing almost every variety of climate and
soil, capable of producing every thing needful
for the support and happiness of man, too
much attention can hardly be given to the study
of the science of agriculture in all its branches.
Commerce, manufactures, and agriculture were
grouped together in harmony on our national
shield by those who laid the foundation of our
fabrie of Government, each one dependent on
and regarding the others as indispensable ele-
ments of its own prosperity, and each alike and
equally entitled to the fostering care of a be-
neficent Government. But, Mr. Ohairman, it
is a remarkable fact that while Congress has
in various ways given millions upon millions to
the two former, the latter up to the year 1860
had received but a trifle, and since that time
only a meager sum when compared to other
industries of far less magnitude and national
importance.
As early as 1796 George Washington recom-
mended to Congress the establishment of an
agricultural department; and at various subse-
quent times, up to 1838, agricultural conven-
tions, members of Congress, and others used
their influence in the same direction without
success. In January, 1838, Hon. Henry L.
Ellsworth, Commissioner of Patents, in his
annual report, made the following terse and
vigorous remarks:
41 Pot commerce and manufactures much has been
done; for agriculture, the parent of both, much
remains to bo done. Husbandry seems to be viewed
as a natural blessing1 that needs no aid from legisla-
tion. Like the air wo breathe and the element ot
water which sustains life, the productions of the soil
nre regarded by too many :ts common bounties of
Providencc, to bo gratefully enjoyed but without
further thought or reflection.
" Were the two former susceptible of the Fame
improvement with the latter, who would not reioice
to enroll his name high on the list of philanthropists
by making the first experiment?"
In March following the Committee on Agri-
culture in the House made an elaborate report
on the subject of husbandry, recommending a
small appropriation for the collection from dif-
ferent parts of the world of rare and valuable
seeds and plants and the establishment of an
agricultural depository in the Patent Office,
and requiring the Commissioner gratuitously to
distribute throughout the Union the seeds and
plants thus collected, and to make to Congress
an annual report on the subject. Here we have
the beginning of what culminated on the 15th
day of May, 1862, in the passage of a law estab-
lishing a Department of Agriculture, the gen-
eral designs and duties of which are to acquire
and to diffuse among the people of the United
States useful information on subjects connected
with agriculture, and to procure, propagate,
and distribute among the people new and valu-
able seeds and plants, making it the duty of the
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to appoint a Commissioner of
Agriculture, who shall be the chief executive
officer of the Department, making it his duty,
among other things, to acquire and preserve in
his Department all information concerning
agriculture which can be obtained by means ot
books and correspondents and by practical and
scientific experiments, &c.; to make annually
a general ieport in writing of his acts to the
President and to Congress; to appoint a chief
clerk and such other employes as Congress may
from time to time provide, with salaries corre-
sponding to the salaries of similar officers in
other Departments of the Government; and he
shall, as Congress may from time to time pro-
vide, employ other persons for such time as
their services may be needed, including ehem-
ists, botanists, entomologists, and other per-
sons skilled in the natural sciences .pertaining
to agriculture.
The inauguration of the rebellion in 1661
prevented any appropriation being made, by
Congress for the erection of suitable agricul-
tural buildings until the 2d of. March, 1867,
when an appropriation of $100,000 was made
to enable the Commissioner of Agriculture to
erect a suitable building on reservation No. 2,
in the city of Washington, containing about
thirty acres, to which there was added from
time to time further appropriations for heating
apparatus, water-conductors, gas-fixtures, car-
peting, cases, furniture, frescoing, sewerage,
scientific apparatus for laboratory,roads, walks,
&c., amounting to $40,420, making the whole
sum appropriated §140,420, which has enabled
the Commissioner, by exercising the most rigid
economy, known to and practiced only by agri-
culturists, to erect and furnish a bniiding of
which the farmers of the country may be justly
prond.
This institution, though yet in its infancy,
has already been worth to the country more
than tenfold its cost; and if future legislation
shall be favorable to its growth and usefulness,
it would be difficult to estimate the extent of
its value, not only to the people of the United
States, but also to the inhabitants of every
quarter of the globe.
It is a fact too well established to be con-
troverted that many roots and plants which
are of but little value as found in their original
and natural soil, when transported to a more
genial soil and climate, under the culture of
skillful husbandry, increase in luxuriance, pro-
duction, and value. Thus the potato, now an
indispensable article of food for the million,
was a few centuries ago imported into Europe
solely on account of its beautiful flower; or
the cotton plant, now one of the great staples
of the world, and especially of the United
States, was scarcely known in this country
one hundred years ago. The same is true, to
a greater or less extent, of cereals, especially
wheat, oats, and barley. Importations of these
grains from Europe to the United States by
the Department aud their distribution through-
out the States of the Union have been of incal-
culable value not only to agriculture but to
the country at large. Numerous testimonials
from agricultural societies and gentlemen of
the highest respectability and intelligence all
over the country, affording indisputable evi-
dence of the great benefits which have inured
to agriculture from the distribution of these
grains, are on file in the Department.
While it is not claimed that the importations
of wheat from England to the United States for
the purpose of improving quantity and quality
has been a success, yet it is claimed and sub-
stantially proven that importation s fro m Franee,
Russia, aud other portions of Europe have
never failed to enhance both production aud
quality.
Another factis worthy the attention of wheat-
growers. Reportsfrom agricultural societies; as
well as the most experienced and scientific
farmers, both in Europe and America, coneur
in the opinion that new varieties should be
introduced into every locality at the end of six
to eight years, and that by observing this rule
the increased production would in no case reach
less than ten and from that to twenty and thirty
per cent. . ,
Abundant testimony is on file to-day in the
Department of Agriculture, proving conclu-
sivelytliat the wheats imported ana distributed
by that institution for the last two yeaxs? so fin
