650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
as those distributions have been made, have
enhanced the yield to the extent of more than
two bushels per acre above that produced from
the ordinary or native seed. And if the in-
crease were only two bushels, the facts show-
ing a much larger increase so far as tests have
been made, then as soon as the product of the
imported varieties shall reproduce a quantity
of seed sufficient for the whole country on an
area of 18,460,132 acres harvested in 1868 we
have on increase of 36,920,264 bushels, worth
at the ordinary selling price $50,000,000 to the
country on this article alone, to say nothing of
the immense profit arisingfrom the distribution
of other seeds.
The united testimony of experimenters in
scientific agriculture proves that successful
farming very greatly depends upon the intro-
duction from abroad of such seeds as are best
adapted to the different latitudes of our own
country. Often a change of one or two degrees
makes a perceptible difference in yield ; and
it is well known to pomologists that the differ-
ent varieties of fruits are greatly changed in
flavor, size, and productiveness by transfer
from one latitude to another. Hence distribu-
tions by the Department arc always made with
a view to soil and locality.
1 hazard nothing in the assertion that greater
strides of progress and improvement in scien-
tific agriculture are being made in one decade
of the nineteenth century than v/ere made
during the whole period of the eighteenth.
And while agriculture is being greatly aided
by chemistry, botany, entomology, &c., other
branches of science are also bestowing valu-
able and indispensable aid. Nor is the inventor
behind in furnishing his full quota, for every year
his splendid genius gives to husbandry a new
impetus by furnishing new and valuable labor-
saving implements and machines. As long as
man is doomed to earn his daily bread by the
sweat of his brow just so long will the names of
Whitney, who invented the cotton-gin; of Wood,
who invented the oast iron plow; and of Mc-
Oormiek, the inventor of the reaping-machine,
be borne in grateful remembrance as bene-
factors of the human race.
To these might be added the names of a host
of others who have contributed largely to the
prosperity and happiness of the world by their
inventive minds. 1 am fully warranted by facts
in the remark that the comparatively small
sum of money expended by Congress in estab-
lishing the Agricultural Department and in
carrying out its objects has been of more sub-
stantial value to the country than fourfold the
amount expended on any one of our public
institutions. The heart of every farmer in the
country was gladdened and cheered when he
read the following paragraph in the firstannual
message of our Chief Magistrate to Congress:
"I recommend to your favorable considorntion the
claims of the Agricultural 3iuroau for liberal appro-
priations. In a country so diversified in climate and
soil us our.-, and with a population so largely de-
pendent upon agriculture, the benefits that can bo
conferred by properly fostering this bureau are incal-
culable."
Mr. Chairman, if any such recognition of an
industry the operators and conductors of which
pay more taxes and cast more votes than all
other classes in the land can be found in the
message of any other President since the days
o( Washington I am not aware of it. The very
meager appropriations which have been made
for the last two years in the interests of agri-
culture, and especially those made for the pur-
chase and distribution of seeds, has greatly
embarrassed the operations of the Commis-
sioner, placing a check on his efforts to aid the
agriculture of the country and especially that of
the South, which, above any and every other
section of our common country, just now needs
the fostering care and helping hand of the Gov-
ernment. If the appropriation of $20,000 in
each of the years 18(18 and 1869, for the pur-
chase and distribution of rare and valuable
seeds and plants was productive of great and
lasting benefit to the country, which has been
fully conceded, how much more might have
been done if the appropriation had been
doubled. Many tests in different soils and
latitudes might and doubtless would have been
made redounding to the benefit of husbandry;
and how small even the latter sum when com-
pared to appropriations for other purposes of
far less national importance and value!
Allow me here to allude to a single fact.
Among the many valuable acquisitions to agri-
culture through the medium of the Department
may be mentioned that of sorghum or Chinese
sugar-cane, which was imported from France
in 1854, cultivated in the propagating garden
in 1855, and the seed distributed in small quan-
tities early in 1856. The cultivation of this
plant was regarded by many as an experiment
of doubtful utility. Results, however, have
fully met the most sanguine hopes and expect-
ations of the Department, and annual importa-
tions of new varieties are made with great profit
to the country.
It has been found that the more hardy varie-
ties of this plant can be successfully cultivated
in any latitude adapted to corn, yielding ordi-
narily from sixty to one hundred gallons of
sirup per acre. And while production has
been variable, it has, in the judgment of those
most favorably situated to torm a correct esti-
mate, reached in the aggregate, since its intro-
duction, full thirty-six million gallons, worth
$18,000,000. The plant is peculiarly liable to
deterioration, and among the varieties already
introduced only one is known to give satisfac-
tion in granulation. It is believed, however,
that South Africa can furnish a variety still
more reliable for sugar. Intelligent represent-
atives of the sorghum interest now urge the
importation of new seed and declare their be-
lief that new varieties might bo obtained so
desirable in quality as to bring fabulous prices
if in the hands of private parties.
It is a well-known fact that during the exist-
ence of the rebellion and since this article in
the northern States has in a great measure
supplied the place of the sirup and molasses
formerly furnished from southern plantations.
Hence it may truthfully bo said that the intro-
duction and distribution of the seed of this
plant alone has been worth to the people of
the United States largely more than tho whole
outlay for the establishment of the Department
of Agriculture.
The results growing out of the introduction
of new varieties of oats the past year have been
highly satisfactory; and with slight expense,
through tho agency of the Department in pro-
curing and distributing seed, it would be easy
on the same breadth and quality of land sown
in 1868 to increase the production of this staple
more than twenty per cent., worth at least
$15,000,000. We are now too far advanced in
the nineteenth century to question the valuable
results arisiug from the importation of field
seeds and farm stock. Probably twenty per
cent, of the present value of farm stock in the
United States is justly attributable to improve-
ment in breeds. Perhaps no finer field for use-
fulness was ever presented than that which now
lies open to the Department for the introduc-
tion into our country of the various economic
plants of the world, embracing fibrous, medi-
cinal, &c., as well as those adapted to oils and
dyes; and it is now engaged in propagating
and testing the value of many of them, as well
as their adaptability to the different latitudes
and soils of the United States.
And with a view to the manufacture of sugar
the Department is also extensively engaged in
investigating the practicability of sugar-beet
culture in this country, collecting and propa-
gating seeds of the different varieties of the
sugar-beet known in Europe, gathering and
analyzing beets from the different parts of the
United States, for the purpose of ascertaining
what varieties contain the most saccharine mat-
ter, and also analyzing tho soils upon which the
different varieties grow, with a view to ascertain
whatparticularsoilspossessthegreatestamount
of the properties conducive to sugar in beets.
The manufacture of beet-root sugar is doubtless
one among the undeveloped resources of this
country. For more than half a century it has
been successfully carried on in France, Ger-
many, and other European countries, and has
long since been classed among their leading
industries, and no good reason can be given
why the manufacture of this sugar should not
be quite as successful here as there,- and tho
necessity for it is apparent when we remember
that we have paid during the past year over
ninety million dollars in currency for imported
sugars and molasses. There is no other staple
agricultural production so much in arrear of
home consumption, and a small diversion from
other products and a.little enterprise is-all that
is needed to bring it fully up to home demand.
I fully believe that at least a quarter million
of men might now be successfully engaged in
this enterprise.
The Commissioner, ever alive to the interests
of agriculture, has inaugurated a system of
international exchanges of seeds, plants, roots,
textiles, &c., with the principal Governments
of Europe, Asia, Africa, and South America ;
also with the principal agricultural, pomologi-
cal, botanical, and other societies and gardens
of the Old World, from which it is believed
results highly beneficial to the country may be
realized. Intelligence being one of the pre-
requisites to success in any of the pursuits of
life, applies with equal force to both occupa-
tions and professions ; and the physician with-
out a knowledge of medical science, or the
lawyer without a knowledge of bis books,
would be as likely to succeed as the farmer
without a knowledge of the science of agricul-
ture.
When the country was new, and the rich vir-
gin soil produced abundantly with but little
culture, scientific knowledge and skill in hus-
bandry were ignored, and the prejudices of the
pioneers wore against what they termed "book
farming;" but since lands have become greatly
deteriorated by slipshod farming, and in some
localities worn out and turned into commons,
affording poor pasture for a neglected and de-
generating stock, a knowledge of the science of
chemistry as applied to agriculture has become
indispensable to successful husbandry. The
amount of agricultural information and science
now being disseminated throughout the coun-
tiy by means of books, papers, societies, and
private individuals has had the effect to inspire
farmers and farmers' sons with a proper knowl-
edge and appreciation of the true dignity of
their avocation. In former years the impres-
sion was prevalent with many that farming
was not only a dull, monotonous business, but
unprofitable withal. Hence the young man
actuated by praiseworthy aspirations preferred
to engage in some of the professions or me-
chanic arts, hoping to be able to distinguish
himself and make his mark in the world. But
now it seems to be well understood that no
calling in life presents so fine a field for emi-
nence. wealth, and happiness as that of agri-
culture.
Among the many valuable contributions to
husbandry in the shape of reports, books, &c.,
during the past year I have seen none whose
intrinsic merits equal those of the report of the
Commissioner of Agriculture for 1868. I wish
every member of Congress could find time to
read it I am sure they would be interested.
Its precise cost to the Government cannot yet
be ascertained; it is believed, however, to be
less than sixty cents per volume, and is worth
to every intelligent farmer, mechanic, mer-
chant, doctor, lawyer, politician, or business
man many times its cost. The country at large,
and especially the agricultural classes, will
thank the Commissioner and his efficient corps
of assistants for this superior report, replete
with valuable information and far surpassing
