1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
in excellence any former report. The agricul-
tural statistics, embracing very fall and com-
prehensive tables, are alone worth more than
double the cost of the book to every intelligent
man; and it is the purpose of the Commis-
sioner to make the report of 1869 still more
valuable and attractive. The following con-
densed table is taken from the last report, and
will, I trust, be interesting to every one who
may do me the honor to read my remarks:
Indian corn 
Wheat 
Rye 
Oats 
Barley 
Buckwheat 
Potatoes 
Total 
Tobacco, (pounds) 
Hay, (tons) 
Cotton, (balos) 
Total 
Products.
'
320,982,000
20,141,900
2,500,000
1,556,879,000
906,527,000
*224,036,600
22,504,800
254,960,800
22,890,100
19,863,700
106,090,000
Number
of bushels.
<8
CO
OS
52
O
67,846,478
427,1S9
21,541,573
7,000,000
34,887,246
18,460,132
1,651,321
9,065,736
937,498
1,113,993
1,131,552
Number
of acre?.
| 1,811,674,495 |
1,194,050,923
40,081,942
351,941,930
225,000,000
9569,512,400
319,195,290
28,683,677
142,484,910
29,809,931
20,814,3X5
84,150,040
Value.
  R
s
 . 3
  §
£• 3
■a a
3 3
c  Si
CD ^
S  a
* To this must be added 5,968,400 bushels for Ore-
gon and the Territories, not included in the table.
And, Mr. Chairman, I desire to say to my
agricultural brethren of the House and the coun-
try, and especially to those of my own district,
that industry, energy, perseverance, and prog-
ress in enlightened and scientific agriculture
make up the order of the present year and age
of grace with us; that we are the power that
moves the world, not only furnishing food and
raiment, but Presidents, statesmen, jurists, and
warriors are reared in our nursery, and doubt-
less two thirds of the members of this House
were elected by our ballots. We make and
unmake rulers at pleasure, and none dare chal-
lenge our right or power. The land and " the
cattle on a thousand hills " are ours. We have
furnished more than two thirds of the men who
fought in every battle for the stars and stripes,
from the Revolution to the rebellion inclusive,
bearing the flag of the Union in triumph over
theheads ofitsenemies; andyet, notwithstand-
ing our indomitable courage, pluck, and power,
we are the most retiring, unassuming, and mod-
est classin the land; and it will be our business
to see to it that the legislation of the country
shall be so shaped as to afford ample justice
and remuneration to every class and kind of
the industrial pursuits of the land. Farmers
neither ask or desire excessive legislation or
large appropriations in their interests, but they
do ask that husbandry shall be recognized, fos-
tered, and stimulated as the leading industry
of the country, the root and foundation of all
others, without which mechanical, manufactur-
ing, and commercial interests could not exist.
Wo want a steady and enlightened policy,
with as little vibration as possible, adapted to
the encouragement of arts and manufactures,
making a more judicious division of labor,
giving confidence to capital and stability to
manufactures, that we may have more cotton
and woolen spindles, more furnaces and roll-
ing-mills, more founderies and nail mills, and
more machine-shops and ship-yards. In one
word, Mr. Chairman, give us more consumers,
a more steady and reliable home, market at
living prices, and we will furnish the supplies.
develop agriculture, improve the
make this whole land a fruitful
soil,
len.
and
.We
need more mechanics, more miners, more lum-
bermen, more manufacturers, more ships, and
more sailors.
It is a fact well known to all that with our
density and richness of soil we can so concen-
trate our efforts on a single one of many leading
and staple productions as to glut the markets
of the world and reduce the price far below a
remunerating point. Hence the necessity for
and the benefits arising from the establish-
ment of a Department of Agriculture at the
capital of the nation, whose business it is to
procure and publish authentic monthly and an-
nual statistics of the principal agricultural pro-
ductions of the world showing to everybody
at all times, as near as human watchfulness can
upon a scale so expended, all the elements of
both the demand and supply of every article
of produce that enters into our markets; the
tendency and object of such information being
to inaugurate a more diversified system of hus-
bandry which shall be more remunerative to
the producer, and in the aggregate more ben-
eficial to the country. And upon the examin-
ation of these statistics the farmer can form his
own conclusions as to what particular produc-
tion he can concentrate his efforts upon with the
best prospects of remuneration. Let inform-
ation of this kind be published and disseminated
through the land by members of Congress and
others to one fourth the extent that partisan
documents are spread and a revolution in the
production of the husbandman's labor will be
effected. There will be system certainly and
confidence attending his exertions, outlays, and
incomes.
A demand from abroad for a few extra mil-
lion bushels of breadstuffs is usually her-
alded over the country as a happy event; but
such demands, like angels' visits, are few and
far between, and what comparison do they
bear to the steady home consumption which
would be created by a proper development of
our manufacturing resources, in which a mil-
lion additional men might be employed whose
prosperity and happiness would be increased
and the wealth of the nation enhanced ? Our
commerce will increase just in proportion to
the increase of agriculture and manufactures,
and between the two latter we should en-
deavor to preserve a proper equilibrium, for
we have but little to depend upon from foreign
demand, as the following statistics will show.
Our total exports of wheat for the last forty-
three years, including that sent abroad as flour,
amount to less than 671,000,000 bushels, or a
little over five per cent, of our annual produc-
tions, while our exports of corn and corn meal
for the same period amount to but little more
than one per cent, of the amount annually
produced. One fifth of the corn crop of an
ordinary season would be equal to our entire
exports for the last fifty years of that article.
Now, in view of these facts, what has our con-
stantly increasing agriculture to hope for out-
side of home demand? And, Mr. Chairman,
I am glad that it is so, for it must of necessity
lead to a more extended development of our
manufacturing resources.
For what was our cotton belt, ouriron mount-
ains, and our coal-fields given us if they are
not to bo developed ?
Why should we expend cur toil and sweat
in digging gold and shipping it to Europe to
pay for goods we could better manufacture at
home, or why should we impoverish our land
by raising and shipping breadstuffs to England
to feed English operatives when we could save
the freight by feeding our own and at the same
time assert and build up our national inde-
pendence ?
Mr. Chairman, I speak to-day in the inter-
ests of agriculture—western agriculture, if you
please. It was well said in the early history of
the Government, when the country abounded
iu forests and unbroken prairies, that " to en-
courage the progress of agricultural improve-
im illk iv;is the only road to national wealth;"
but now, since the forests and prairies of those
days have given way to cultivated fields and
orchards, and since the introduction of labor-
saving inventions has enabled fifty men to per-
form as much agricultural labor as was form-
erly done by seventh-five or one hundred,
I apprehend if the writer were now living he
would say the onlysure road to national wealth
is to diversify and improve the quality of your
agriculture, divide yourforces, encourage every
industry, develop the resources of the soil and
of the mines, and our national indebtedness,
like the " early dew and the morning cloud,"
will soon pass away. Millions upon millions
of dollars are annually lost to the country by
the misapplication of productive labor and in-
dustry. We probably produced the past year
twelve hundred million bushels of corn and
wheat alone, with a fair proportion of rye, oats,
barley, buckwheat, potatoes, tobacco, hay, cot-
ton, wool, &c., and with a population increas-
ing at a rate approximating a million annually
we could within the next decade, if the demand
would justify it, produce double the amount.
No other industry of the country can present
a similar showing to this, though the mines
and rivers, lakes and oceans, are equally boun-
teous with the soil.
Leaving out two of the States and all the
Territories, reliable statistics show the value
of live stock in the United States on the 1st
of February, 1869, to have been $1,527,704,029
against $1,277,111,816 on the 1st of February,
1868, a net gain in one year of $250,592,213,
a most gratifying result to the country; and it
must be borne in mind that these values are
taken from assessors' lists, and all stock raisers
know the valuation of assessors to be far
below actual or selling prices.
Leaving out Alaska, with about three hun-
dred and seventy million acres very lightly
appreciated by farmers, the public domain of
the United States and Territories contains an
area of about 1,447,000,000 acres, capable of
sustaining a population probably greater than
the present inhabitants of the entireglobe, and
embracing about twenty-four degrees of latitude
and fifty-eight degrees of longitude. The diver-
sity of soil and climate within these wide-
extended limits are adapted to the growth of
plants of every quarter of the globe, and in
every State and Territory are found deposits
larger or smaller of all the valuable minerals
known to the world, and in many localities the
immensity of the deposits of the most valuable
of these minerals cannot be computed. With a
Government unequaled by any, and the nation
having emerged from the fires of a rebellion
whose gigantic proportions and inflexible pur-
poses are without a parallel in the history of
the world ; with increased numerical strength,
the perpetuity of the Republic and her inherent
ability to protect herself against every aggres-
sion from without or within being no longer a
problem, the prosperity and happiness of every
class of her citizens should be the highest aim
of the legislator.
And now that the Republic is safe, secure,
and permanent, shedding theblessings of equal-
ity and peace upon her children, no more
auspicious period for the cultivation of the arts
and sciences and the promotion of virtue and
morality is likely ever to occur. And it is
believed that greater strides in this direction
have been made during the past than any former
year; and nothing will tend so much to retard
the development of the resources of this grand
country as a vacillating policy and a disposi-
tion to chill down upon manufacturing inter-
ests. The land is filled with stirring, enter-
prising men, who under favorable legislation
are ready to invest their means and apply their
energies in building up and extending the
industries of the country, by which agriculture
will be improved and largely benefited.
j;ed0Ction of taxation.
Mr. ELA. Mr. Chairman, with the closing
up of the work of reconstruction comes the
