652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
demand from the country for such relief as
may be practicable from the burdens of taxation
imposed upon the people to meet the enormous
expenditures caused by the rebellion. The
productions of the country are so varied as to
make this no easy task, and there is an endless
antagonism of interests in regard to the article
or interest to be taxed or exempted from tax-
ation. It is, therefore, not at all probable, if
it were ever possible, to originate any method
of action which would be steadily adhered to ;
but that whatever plan may bo adopted will be
theconstantsubjectofchangeand modification.
We are to-day in the position of a nation
taxing itself to that extent which stagnates
commerce? causes shipping to decline, both by
the enhanced cost of building ships and the
inability to produce the merchandise, with our
high labor and taxed materials, which is needed
in the exchanges of commerce.
We may build ships, but we must produce
merchandise for export before we can again
assume supremacy upon the ocean. Contrary
to the generally received idea, we send twice
the amount of exports to Great Britain, mainly
of cotton and grain, that we receive from her
in imports. We import largely of the produc-
tions of South America, Africa, and Asia, but
are at present unable to supply them with our
manufactures in competition with England.
The result is, England ships to these regions
her manufactures in British bottoms, receives
in return a cargo of articles which we consume,
brings them into our ports, and having dis-
charged the cargoes can take a freight of cotton
or wheat, sooner than go home in ballast,
cheaper than it can be done in American ves-
sels. Whenever we can resume exporting our
manufactures to those countries whose prod-
ucts we consume we shall hear no more about
the decline of American shipping and seeking
after the means to restore it.
In order to bring about this desirable condi-
tion we must reduce taxation while producing
more wealth, and thus relieve the people and
enable them to produce manufactures for ex-
port which shall take the place of our bonds
in the payment for imports. How shall this
be done?
The first thing is a firm determination to stop
every unnecessary expenditure; to stop at once
and forever all wasteful grants of lands and
subsidies to build railroads into the wilderness,
which scatter population so that they cannot be
productive, placing them beyond the reach of
roads,schools, and civilized society, and causing
:in immense addition to the cost of the Govern-
ment in sending soldiers to protect them from
Indians and marauders, to furnish them with
mails, to provide them territorial governments,
vvith its costly machinery, and a force of tax-
gatherers where there is little or no revenue.
An examination will show that the expenses
of collecting revenue from customs and from
internal taxation in sparsely-settled sections of
the country is in excess of the whole amount
of the revenue collected, while from the densely-
settled parts is derived all the revenue which is
paying the debt of the nation as well as the
expenses of the Government. In the Post
Office Department it will be found the differ-
ence is still more marked, much the largest
part of the country not paying expenses, while
the revenues are derived from a comparatively
small section.
The expense is not so much in the franking
privilege, (which ought to be abolished to save
the white paper wasted in useless printing, if
nothing more,) but in carrying mails over a
wide unpopulated wilderness at frightful cost.
We must have no more purchases of useless
icebergs or tornadoes ; enter into no entangling
arrangements for lodgments upon foreign terri-
tory which will draw after them large naval
squadrons and military stations.
The $10,000,000 of currency paid for Alaska
is the least objectionable part of the purchase.
It draws after it a continually increasing ex-
pense to the Government for a military and
naval force which has no returning benefits,
or next to none.
So of the proposed purchase of St. Thomas,
into which Seward also plunged with his cor-
rupting influences, for the sum of $7,500,000
in gold. To complete that purchase involves
immense sums for fortifications-, for garrisons,
for the stores which will become necessary for
a useless military and naval station, which
would sum up a grand yearly total expenditure
equal to half the original purchase. If Den-
mark has been led on to her damage by John-
son's administration under Seward's lead it
is far better to pay her liberally for all the
possible damage than to undertake to com-
plete the purchase. To complete it will be to
enter upon a course which puts off indefinitely
the payment of our debts—increases the cor-
ruption and extravaganceandpatronageattend-
ant upon the expenditure of such vast sums
at a distance—prevents all hope for a further
reduction of the Army and Navy, and provides
for the increase of additional officers in each
branch of the service ; and then, when it is all
done, instead of being an element of strength
to the nation, it would be another place to
defend wholly cut off and isolated from all
our resources.
We must reduce the interestand taxes which
now bear oppressively upon industry, aud
threaten the suspension of business and the em-
ployment of labor. That it can be done I have no
doubt. That it will bo done before it works
the destruction of business and the wreck of
fortunes 1 am not so confident. It will require
resolute aud determined action to effect it,
and such as will be open to criticism and not
free from objection.
A funding bill with interest not to exceed
four and one half per cent, is what seems to
meet the popular desire, from which it is hoped
to obtain the means for paying or exchanging
our high interest debt, most of which has now
become payable. But how is such a loan to be
put upon the market at par? Those who pro-
pose it say it will be taken in Europe, where
interest is low. That might be so if our loan
was a new one, none of which was to be had
there, or none with the same security. But
how can you borrow from the capitalist at four
and a half per cent, at par when he can buy
all he wants of tho same securities paying six
per cent, at less than ninety-tliree cents on the
dollar? The answer may be, "There is a
difference in the length of time which the bond
runs." That would probably make a differ-
ence of one half of one per cent, in favor of
tho longer bond. I can see that it might be
done if the bonds were payable in legal-tenders
where gold was not specified; but t.luit has
been decided against contrary to my judgment.
An exchange might be effected, or the interest
practically reduced, by taxing tho income de-
rived from the present bonds at a higher rate
than other incomes, and collecting the tax from
the coupon at tho Treasury. We collect tax
of the same nature from tho earnings of banks
and other corporations belonging to individuals,
and have it deducted by the treasurers ot' those
institutions from the dividends and paid into
the national Treasury, and that, too, without
regard to whether the income of the individual
was more or less than the amount exempted
by law from taxation.
This would be a precedent for that method
of assessing and collecting the tax. That
incomes derived from interest on Government
bonds should pay a different rate of tax from
incomes derived from other sources is also in
accordance with precedent. We commenced
tho income tax by levying one and one half per
cent, upon interest derived from Government
bonds, while three per cent was levied upon
all other sources of income. We subsequently
increased all income tax above $600 to five per
cent, aud when above $•'>,000, to ten per cent.
Our internal revenue tuxes and our duties on
imports are and always have been laid un-
equally. We ha.ve adjusted them according to
the supposed ability of the article or interest
taxed to. bear it, or according to its supposed
influence in protecting labor and promoting the
public morals.
We have an additional precedent for this
method of taxing bonds in order to promote
their exchange into other.and different ones in
the action of the Government toward the
State banks, when it taxed their circulation ten
per cent, to drive them into the national bank-
ing system.
It may be charged that this taxation of in-
come from bonds, is an indirect way of taxing
the bond. Let it be remembered if it is that
the Government has never denied to itself the
right to tax them, but only that they should not
be subject to State and local taxation. It may
also be urged that this taxation of the income
from bonds is a confiscation of so much of the
bond. So is all taxation of property confisca-
tion in the same sense.
It has been claimed by all capitalists and
financial writers that our bonds are below par
and below the value of the bonds of other
nations of far less ability because of the uncer-
tainty as to whether or not they might be paid
in legal tenders, and because also of this lia-
bility to taxation; and they all propose that
tho new bonds shall be made explicit upon
these points by providing in the bond that both
the principal and interest shall be paid in gold,
and that they shall be exempt from all taxa-
tion, both State and national, directly or in-
directly. If our bonds are low in the markets
from this liability to national taxation it is
high time some of the benefits were enjoyed
by the tax-payers and taxation was com-
menced. The capitalists have had all tho ben-
efits of that doubt long enough.
Before resorting to this it may be well to try
other plans for reducing the interest on our
debt by a new funding bill. I am willing to
try any just plan which gives a reasonable hope
of success. Great results are expected from a
system of free banking based upon a four per
cent, bond having thirty years to run, and pro-
viding that all existing banks shall within a
reasonable time take these new bonds as secur-
ity for their circulation or give up banking,
and that all new banks shall be based upon
this new bond provided for that purpose; and
allowing banks to be established wherever there
is business or capital requiring them. It is
estimated that from one fifth to one fourth of
our live-twenty bonds may be provided for in
this way. Probably somewhere from four
to five hundred million dollars might in this
way be exchanged. Many suppose a much
larger sum v.-ould be taken for banking pur-
poses, but this I am inclined to doubt. Bank-
ing would become less profitable, arid many
which are now unfavorably located for business
would be closed up.
Besides, as we draw nearer to specie pay-
ments less circulation will be required. Specie
payments cannot, be maintained in this country
with a paper circulation exceeding $350,000,-
000. But little more than $200,000,000 could
be kept in circulation with specie payments
before tiie war, and there has been no growth
of either population or business which would
require more than five hundred million dol-
lars of circulation, including both specie and
paper, whenever specie payments are reached.
In addition to a four per cent, bond for free
banking there should also be a currency bond
bearing three per cent, interest, which might
at any time be presented at a Government
depository and converted into greenbacks.
This kind of bond would probably be taken to
the extent of from one hundred and fifty to
two hundred million dollars by those who are
now bank depositors awaiting the opportunity
to use their funds. Half the amount of thia
j das'; of bonds might reasonably be considered
' an av< rnge permanent loan and cancel art
