1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
equal amount of six per cent, gold-bearing
bonds.
This bond would give the needed elasticity
now wantingin our circulation, and prevent the
gambling now carried on upon "call loans,"
which is the bane of all honest and legitimate
business. When there are no crops to be moved
currency accumulates at the money centers
where it is not needed for business. It is loaned
on call to speculators and cannot be used in
any regular business. When it is wanted for
the moving of crops and is called in it at once
unsettles business and creates a disastrous
stringency. All this would be prevented by a
bond of this character, which would be taken
by those having money idle, and when the exi-
gencies of business required it could be at once
converted again into currency without any con-
traction or disturbance to business, but on the
other hand affording the means of expansion
whenever it was needed, and then again becom-
ing a self contractor when the crisis or necessity
had passed.
One of the great evils of all firmer banking
has been that in times of stringency their cir-
culation was forced home upon them for re-
demption, compelling contraction at the very
time expansion was needed. When the strin-
gency was passed and there was no demand for
loans to the extent their capital and circulation
would allow, it was loaned out at low rates to
speculators who would engage to keep it out or
put it in circulation far away where it would
not be likely soon to return. This expansion
of the country banks had the same effect upon
business as the call loans of the city banks.
Whenever it had caused or stimulated wild and
extravagant speculation and enhanced prices,
so that legitimate business and production
began to fail, stringency would take place and
specie suspension would become inevitable, to
relieve the people from the ruin of enforced
contraction. This was the repeated experience
of the country under the old banking system.
We have heard much recently of the fluctu-
ations of the currency, when the fact has been
that it was stationary and had neither been
increased or diminished for several years.
Under the old State banking system during
the stringency which has prevailed over the
country for the last few months, business men
would have gone down like rows of bricks
set on end when one was started, because
with their circulation forced home upon them,
contraction would have been inevitable. This
would have forced the property of debtors
upon the market to meet their liabilities at
a time when none wore in a condition to pur-
chase, except at the most ruinous prices.
During the crisis just passed there has been
no circulation sent home upon the banks,
and hence they were able to keep up their
loans and make extensions to their custom-
ers wherever needed, or enable them to re-
place their old loans with new ones. It was
this fact which had the same operation as a
suspension of specie payments under the old
system and which saved us from universal
panic and distress among business men.
That there is a pressing demand for a change
in our present banking system cannot fairly be
denied. They have had a monopoly and reaped
a rich harvest from it, while causing great com-
plaints from the unequal distribution of bank-
ing privileges over the country. There is no
good answer to be made why ten men, who
loan their money to the Government, should
have banking privileges, with ninety per cent,
of their loan returned in notes for circulation,
and the next ten, who make a similar loan and
who live in a section where banking and cir-
culation is much more needed, cannot have the
same privilege.
Notwithstanding it may cause serious com-
plaints from those who have enjoyed this mo-
nopoly to have it taken away, it seems necessary
that it should be done in order to help the fund-
ing of the debt at a lower rate of interest and
thereby lightening the burdens of taxation as
well as reducing the rates of interest. By such
a course the owners of bank capital will gain
largely in relief from taxation as an offset to
their reduced dividends. A heavy percentage
of all taxation, whether national, state, or
municipal, is caused by the high rates of inter-
est, as is also much of the enhanced cost of
living. It is high rates of interest that largely
causes the high cost of our goods which enter
into general consumption, and the gain from
cheaper commodities and diminished taxation
wsuld nearly compensate the owners of bank
capital for their diminished dividends. But
whether it would or not, the relief which it
promises to the great mass of the people
demands that the change should be made.
We have been shipping our bonds abroad at
an alarming rate to meet the adverse balance
of trade against us until our bonded debt abroad
reaches $1,000,000,000, and the imports which
have been settled for with these bonds have
furnished a large part of the duties out of
which we have been reducing the debt. The
aggregate amount of increased foreign debt for
the past year has been estimated at $200,000,-
000. It is evident we must soon have some>
thing besides the evidences of debt for export
or our imports will be vastly diminished, and
with them own revenues. In order to produce
manufactures for export we must diminish the
cost by securing lower interest and taxes and
lower duties upon such articles as enter into
the production of goods which may be exported.
It is a mistaken idea that New England gets
the main benefits from a tariff, while the West
and South suffer its disadvantages. Without
stopping to discuss the question, it seems evident
that if our people are to become industrially in-
dependent, and our workmen have substantial
comforts, with time t,o gather the information
which makes the intelligent citizen, they must
be protected from competition with that labor
which is treated as having only animal wants
to supply. The argument is that the price which
the surplus cotton and grain brings abroad fixes
the price of the whole crop without stopping to
consider that thelargehome consumption makes
the quantity thrown upon the foreign market
much less, and as a consequence the price much
higher there. If our manufacturers and con-
sumers should become producers of grain in
competition with the farmers ofthe West, it is
difficult to see how they would be benefited by
the_ competition, while it is easy to see that
an increase of home consumers would steadily
increase both the demand and the price.
No section of the country receives less ben-
efit from the tariff than New England, and none
would suffer less from its entire abolition.
Her manufactories are built, and the labor,
capital, and machinery to run them is there,
and whatever the earnings might be they
would be relatively as great as in any other
section or for any other business. Her soil is
yielding fair returns, and, when measured by
comforts and social advantages, is not culti-
vated without profit. There is less waste and
cost in living among her population than else-
where, and under her bracing climate they can
stand up under more hours of toil. With free
trade, and taxation based upon representation,
New England would pay less in proportion to
her wealth and ability and receive more of
the expenditures of the Government than now.
This fact makes it certain that free trade will
not be allowed by either the South or West,
and also makes it certain that hereafter, as
now, the chief reliance for the expenditures
of the Government will be duties from imports.
The large amount required for this purpose
will afford all the protection necessary, and
common sense would adjust it so as to get as
much as possible from the luxuries of the rich
with a different scale for articles which went
into the consumption of the masses, or into the
production of goods for export.
To show that New England is not favored
let me point out the adverse operation of the
present tariff upon a large class of articles.
Take leather, for an illnstration. The duties
on hides and bark and sumac and oil and other
articles used in the manufacture of leather add
ten per cent, to its cost, and all these articles
she buys and imports while making leather to
sell. Take off these duties, and also the duties
on those articles which enter into the produc-
tion of shoes, and New England will b« ready
to meet competition at home and stock the
markets of Mexico, the West Indies, and South
America with shoes made from American
leather and contend for the Australian, Afri-
can, and Asiatic markets. In doing this only
a few manufacturers of serge and lasting would
be adversely affected.
Take iron for another illustration. While
New England consumes vastly more iron than
any other equal section of country she has but
one furnace for its manufacture. Take off the
duties on iron and steel, and let New England
mechanics have free coal and lumber for her
machinery and castings, and she will export
her agricultural implements and sewing-ma-
chines, her steam-engines and edge tools, with
other machines and machinery.
Take coal for another illustration. There
is no coal mined in all New England, yet she
is one of its largest consumers. She uses it for
driving part of her factories and machine-shops,
to warm her dwellings and light them ; for her
locomotives, which draw the commerce of civ-
ilization over her lines of transportation, and
for the steamers which are driving sails from
her coast. In taking off the duty on coal you
lift a burden from her industry and add to her
comfort.
The duty on salt is to protect no industry
of hers, and when you take it off another bur-
den is gone.
The duty on lumber is no aid to her. She
sells no lumber except the sugar-boxes and
shooks to the West Indies, but buys it in vast
quantities for use in her varied manufacturing
and mechanical interests. Take off that duty
and you aid her to export carriages, furniture,
wooden-ware, and Yankee notions..
Take off the duty on wool, and you would
affect adversely the sheep-growers of Ver-
mont and the Connecticut river valley, but
yon would benefit vastly more. Take all the
duties from wool and woolens, and from the
dyes and chemicals and articles used in cleans-
ing and manufacturing, and give low interest on
capital in addition, and you will nearly or quite
balance alltheadvautagesderivedfroma tariff.
But a very small interest would be unfavor-
ably affected by removing duties from copper,
tin, zinc, &e., while many would be benefited.
Take off the duties which enhance the cost of
labor and machinery, and from the articles
which are used in manufacturing cotton, and
New England will again revive the export of
manufactured cottons to China and the East
Indies, to South America and Africa.
While showing many articles from which New
England would derive benefit by the removal
of all duties, I am still firmly convinced that
a well-adjusted tariff laid so as to give protec-
tion is every way desirable and beneficial to
the whole country, and the best method of
raising revenue. High rates of taxation where
the money is expended within the country for
improvements which are reproductive are not
severely felt, and generally are conducive to
prosperity. Our debt was incurred in destroy-
ing wealth and the means of its production,
and the feature which operates most adversely
is the large amount of high gold interest taken
from the nation and carried abroad for dis-
bursement.
The growth of nations in wealth and pros-
perity is usually in proportion to the numbers
and intelligence of her mechanics and artisans
and the concentrated form and perfection in
which they export the products or their indus-
try. Whenever they have seemingly advanced
