654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
by sending abroad the products of their soil
and forests alone it has been found exhaust-
ing, and, where manufactures have not imme-
diately followed, led to decline and decay.
Oar policy as a people is to remove taxes
wherever possible, to economize at every point,
to increase our exports and oar home produc-
tions, and give labor employment at good
prices. To effect this internal taxes should be
abandoned as soon as practicable, except such
as are laid upon legal transactions in stamps,
devised property, luxuries, and demoralizing
productions like spirits and tobacco, and upon
the net accumulations of capital above the
amount required for reasonable support. So,
too, duties should be reduced or abandoned
upon all articles which enter into our manu-
factures for export or the cost of living, and
kept at the highest revenue point upon luxu-
ries, and made protective wherever our indus-
tries required it.
We have advantages in the skill, intelligence,
and self-direction of our workmen; but with
our great debt and high interest, more than
one half of which is owned abroad or by ab-
sentees, and all of which must be paid by labor,
I see no hope that the dream of American
workmen for relief from long hours of toil, with
the means of comfort and opportunity for
mental cultivation, is ever to be realized with-
out the most rigid economy and curtailment in
every branch of expenditure; and I greatly
fear that without a speedy reduction ot' both
interest and taxes business which gives employ-
ment to labor will be paralyzed and contracted,
with lessened production and its attendant
evils to all.
In seeking to produce manufactures for ex-
port it must be done by a reduction of every
tax or expenditure which adds to 'their cost
before you come to the laborer. To seek it by
reductions on labor alone, or by unnatural
foreign immigration, is to depress labor, not to
jjroteet it. To seek it by Chinese immigration
in the form of coolieismis still worse; because,
m addition to disastrous competition with its
degrading and debasing associations, it would
fill the country with a population of alien ideas
and habits, without any of the elements of
affiliation and absorption. The attempt is being
made by the old rebel slaveholders of the South
to stock their plantations under coolie con-
tracts. which is another name for slavery. The
same thing is also sought by American snob-
beiy, which seeks to secure to itself servants
who will be content in isolation and degrading
servility. It is this anti-republican taste which
decks its menials with the liveried badge of
servitude and condemns its female help to
isolation and want of social recognition and
enjoyment which has made household labor
repugnant to all who have self-respect and
ideas of personal independence, until that class
of help which was once so abundant when
treated with respect cannot now be had without
the greatest difficulty.
When it is proposed to supply this demand,
not by the depressed labor of Europe, which
becomes welded into the general mass of popu-
lation by the second generation, but by a resort
to the coolie trade, to bring in the pagan hordes
of Asia and by their competition bring down
the independence of the American laborer and
his means of living, it is time to move for its
suppression. This system, which was resorted
to as a substitute for slavery in the days of
British West Indian emancipation; which has
been the aid of slavery in Cuba, and is now
resorted to by the old slaveholders of the
South and the giant corporation monopolies
of the distant West; which is sought for by
those who look upon laborers as animated ma-
chines out of which capital is to grind profits,
ought to be at once and forever prohibited by
efficient legislation.
Let the emigrant who comes here to seek
rights and privileges which are denied him in
the home of his nativity, who comes to cast
in his lot with ours and take upon himself the
duties and responsibilities of citizenship, no
matter what adverse circumstances may have
surrounded him or where was the place of his
nativity, let him be welcomed and allowed to
enjoy our privileges. But let us have no more
of this forced immigration which comes to
degrade and impoverish American labor. It is
an element of weakness and not of strength, of
degradation instead of .elevation.
The sooner we come to realize that the great
object of life is not to see how much wealth
can be ground out of it for capital, but by im-
provement and cultivation to elevate mankind
and fit them for the great unknown future and
act upon it, the better it will bo for us all. If
the Kepubliean party has had any distinctive
idea standing out prominent beyond all others
it is that it was the friend and protector of
American labor.
It was organized to prevent the extension of
slavery over free territory, which would curse
it with barrenness and degradation so that free
labor could not enter it. It will be known in
history as the party which struck the manacles
from the laborer in the South, where for ages
the working people had been sold like cattlo
in the shambles. It has put the ballot in the
hands of every workingman it could reach,
with which to guard and protect him from
oppression. It has amended the Constitution
so as to throw the strong arm of its protec-
tion around every citizen, whether native or
foreign born, and made suffrage the equal
right of all. It has spread out lo every
laborer the broad domain of the public lands,
upon which he may enter without money and
without price under the homestead act, so that
when competition presses hard upon him he
may there build up a home for himself and
family. It has boldly entered upon the exper
iment of reducing the hours of toil by making
eight hours a legal day's work for the Govern-
ment. It fed the starving, landless laborers
of the South when gaunt famine stalked through
the land they were not allowed to cultivate, and
carried education to those from whom it had
been sealed up by legislation. It has brought
up the revenues and brought down the expenses
while reducing the taxes until nearly eighty
million dollars of debt have been extinguished
in the first eleven months of General Grant's
administration. It has laid its tariffs to protect
labor from adverse competition that it might
have the comforts of a home and the means
of education and relaxation from long hours
of toil.
A party which has done all this will not stop
here unless its mission has ended. All its
memories in the past and all its hopes in the
future commit it to progress and reform. It
will again reduce the taxes—taking off those
whieli bear oppressively upon labor and pre-
vent manufactures for export, which would
increase employment without reducing its rela-
tive pay. It will reduce interest by funding
the debt in some of the modes proposed. It
will go on triumphant in the future, because
it has been faithful in the past, keeps pace with
the rapid strides of the present, and reaches
forward to anticipate the aspirations of the
future.
CURRENCY AND PUBLIC DEBT.
Mr. COB URN. Mr. Chairman, in com-
ing to the discussion of the questions con-
nected with the currency and public debt I
feel the hesitation and timidity which the ap-
proach to a subject so vast and important must
engender. Where the debatable ground covers
so great a space and involves so great a variety
and so many conflicting interests it is next to
impossible to rid one's self of the influence of
his section, of his business, his experience,
and his associations, and judge in the impartial
light of facts and principles of the expediency
and propriety of the measures proposed for
our adoption. One looks at the subject as a
banker; another as a bondholder ; another as a
creditor; another as a debtor; another still as
an officer of the Government. Nothing but a
comparison of all our views can elicit the truth
and elaborate such measures as will result
beneficially to the nation. No one man, how-
ever exalted his character or powerful his
position or clear his understanding, can devise
the measures which will give relief where it is
needed in the great difficulties which now sur-
round us; difficulties which are as real and
solid as the morasses and mountains which
check the traveler in the wilderness, which
indeed may be surmounted but cannot be re-
moved, which must be recognized fully before
they can be overcome by- that adequate and
reasonable preparation which all prudent men
make before undertaking the accomplishment
of vast designs. The readjustment of the bur-
dens imposed upon the nation by the war and
the adjustment of our system of currency are
only second to those arising in the management
of the war itself, and demand that candor and
temperance in discussion which are only the
result of a hifh and disinterested purpose to
subserve the public good.
I do not propose to discuss any one of the
measures before the House upon the subject
of the currency; but rather to treat of some
of the principles which seem to me to be im-
portant in arriving at a proper understanding
of the questions involved.
In entering upon this work the question nat-
urally arises whether it would be better to
make radical and sweeping changes or to look
at the existing state of affairs and provide such
remedies and make such provisions as, leaving
them where they are, will give better shape to
them.
We find a debt of some twenty-one hundred
and seventy million dollars bearing interest,
and of some three hundred and ninety-five
million dollars in legal-tender notes and frae
tional currency. We find some three hundred
millions of national bank notes in circulation,
with the indorsement of the Government upon
them, in addition to the promises overdue or
to become due.
There seems to be little opposition to the
refunding of the public debt, and it need hardly
be argued to-day that it is a desirable meas-
ure and of the first importance. How to do it
successfully and without loss to the people is
a much more difficult question. But it may
be asserted with confidence that nothing will
bo done in this connection to alter radically
the present condition of things. Whatever is
done will be done carefully and gradually.
But in relation to that part of the debt used
as currency we find a much greater difference
of opinion and a fixed determination to effect
more radical changes. The withdrawal of the
legal-tenders and the substitution of free na-
tional bank notes is demanded by some. The
withdrawal of all bank notes and the substitu-
tion of legal tenders is demanded by others.
rI he contraction of the currency directly is
insisted upon by some, its expansion is clam-
ored for by others as the true remedy. These
propositions are wide as the world apart, and
involve the business prosperity of the country.
Other plans involve a redistribution of the bank
currency among all the States, or an addition
of it to a moderate amount for the benefit of
the western and southern States.
The plan of general redistribution came near
becoming the law at the last session of Congress
in view of the unequal system now in force,
giving to the older and Atlantic States a vast
preponderance in the control of this currency
and the banking privileges and facilities con-
nected with it. Had the bill passed, by a grad-
ual and easy method the equilibrium would
have been adjusted, or rather now would have
been in the process of adjustment, and thus
very great relief been afforded to the country.
The justice of the measure commended itself
to all reasonable minds, and nothing prevented
its general support but the fear of a derange-
