658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
country, and while the drain for interest and
imposts and debts abroad continues constantly,
it never can be our currency. We must have
a legal-tender substitute.
Suppose that to-day every legal-tender note
was destroyed and we had in its stead a bank
note, how could the judgments of courts be
paid? Bank notes would not pay one of them.
Howcould ordinary debts be paid? Bank notes
would be idle and useless for such a purpose.
How long could specie be found to pay off the
debts, judgments, and contracts becoming due
in a year by the thousand millions ?
"Ah!" but says the advocate of bank paper,
' 'we will make the substitution gradual, and then
the coin will flow in and accumulate in our
coffers." I ask, what magic power is there in
the bank note to attract gold to our shores?
Does the change of paper open some hidden
Arethusa under the ocean to pour its golden
waves in our business channels? Can you
compel the bankers of the land to keep out in
circulation the present amount of notes when
they must buy gold at a ruinous premium to
redeem them, and keep it lying constantly idle
in their vaults to meet such demands? The
practical effect will be that they will all curtail
their issues, some will quit the business of
banking, and contraction, nothing but contrac-
tion, will be the result. This method will com-
pel the bankers to bring in and hold an amount
of coin for the purposes of redemption, but it
will not bo in circulation, and at best the
amount will be small as compared with the
present volume of our currency. The eon-
traction resulting will reduce prices, particu-
larly of labor, and our agricultural products
selling at low figures in foreign markets may
bring a little additional amount of coin. We
are not prepared to submit to a scale of prices
for labor and material on a level with the down-
trodden and iinpo verished subjects of European
tyranny. The policy advocated travels rapidly
in that direction.
All propositions for national free banking,
or for an increased banking circulation, look
to a withdrawal of the legal-tender currency;
and the argument for the substitution of this
currency is that this will bring about a resump-
tion of specie payment; that as greenbacks
become scarcer bank notes will become more
valuable, and that finally when there are no
more iegal-tenders bank notes must needs be
at par, since there will bo nothing left then to
redeem with but coin ; and that as a matter of
course the coin will, to accommodate us. flow in
copious streams and stay iti in large quantities
just to accomplish this grand work. This may
seem feasible to some gentlemen. My belief
is that the age of miracles has long passed.
The withdrawal of legal tenders in our expe-
rience of the last live years overthrows this
theory. Secretary McCulloch in his report
of 1867, said:
" Since tho 1st day of September, 1865, the tempo-
rary loans, the certificates of indebtedness, and the
five per cent, notosliave all been paid; the compound-
interest notes have been reduced from 8217,024,160 to
$71,875,010; the seven-thirty notes from $830,000,000
to$337,978,800; the UnitedStatesnotes, (greenbacks,)
including fractional currency, from $159,505,311 to
8387,871,477, which the cash in the Treasury has in-
creased from $88,218,055 to 8133,998,398."
Here is an aggregate of over seven hundred
and forty-two millions of paper legal-tender
circulation taken up and canceled, and yet no
approach to specie payment. How did this
withdrawal operate in the years ensuing 1807 ?
The price of gold did not diminish, and two
years after it was made in the summer and fall
of 1869 gold was at 130 to 133, while in
18G7 it was 128. It may be safely said that
these reductions do not have the effect the
advocates for retiring legal-tenders claim.
The experience of the last few months goes
further to contradict their theory. Within that
time coin has gone down to 119 and 120,
and near those amounts. Not from any reduc-
tion of legal-tenders, not from any action of
national banks, not from any greatly increased
payment of the public debt, but most likely
from the honest and regular sales of gold by
an honest, faithful, and excellent^ Secretary
of the Treasury, and by a comparatively small
foreign demand for imports. But let this arise
from what cause it may no man can say that
it came from a withdrawal of legal-tenders.
We cannot afford to make any experiments
in that direction, for such a course would be
purely an experiment, a leap in the dark, with
the portentous warning of recent experience
staring us in the face.
Another objection to the projects for free
national banking is this: a new debt is created
bearing a low rale of interest as a basis, some
at an annual coin interest of $3 65, some at
four dollars, and others at $4 50 per annum.
These bonds are to be substituted for the bonds
now on deposit with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, or are to be the basis of any newly estab-
lished banks. By this means the amount of
annual interest is increased in the amount ac-
cruing upon bonds thus used. The interest on
the present basis amounts to something over
$20,000,000 in gold annually, and at the re-
duced rate would at the lowest figures exceed
$12,000,000 in gold; while if the circulation
was enlarged and, as some suppose it would be,
doubled, the interest the nation w<3uld be com-
pelled to pay on their circulating medium, in
addition to the present interest, would be from
twenty-six to forty million dollars annually;
certainly no trivial additional burden.
As another argument urged in favor of the
national banking system and its extension tho
Comptroller of the Currency, a most excellent
and faithful officer, says that banks under it
can and do lend tho people money at lower
rates of interest than private banks, and that
they keep the rate of interest down at moderate
rates, and but for them the rates would be nearly
doubled. Now, I deny that it is a fact that as
a general thing national banks do loan money
at lower rates than other banks. And I fur-
ther deny the fact that interest is kept down at
moderate rates. National bankers, like all
others, get the best rates possible for their
money, and those rates have been all over the
land very high, too high.
I need scarcely go into proof of this when
money commands from ten to twenty-five per
cent, and cannot be had at any rate, in many
instances, from national or private banks. So
far from keeping the rates of money down, they
were never so high as since the existence of
these very banks. The fact appears by his own
report that very many of these banks are mere
currency factories and do very little legitimate
banking business. Tho great complaint is that
these banks do not loan money. A glance at
the tables showing their loans and discounts as
compared with their capital stock shows that
in the State of Maine there are twenty- six banks
whose loans and discounts are less than their
capital stock. In Pennsylvaniathere are twenty-
two of the same class, in New Hampshire
twenty-seven, and so for other States; showing
that hundreds of banks are living upon their
circulation and the interest on their bonds, and
not engaged in loaning money in any very great
amounts. This is especially true of eastern
banks. Those of the West show a greater
amount of activity and accommodation, there
being but fifteen in Ohio and eight in Indiana
where the loans and discounts are less than the
deposits. Whatever the advantages of national
banks may be, this one of loaning money at
either high or low rates, named by the Comp-
troller, is not one of them. Private bankers
do quite as well in the business of loaning to
the people as anybody ; and this argument can-
not be advanced in favor of increasing the
extent and powers of the national banksystem.
The loans and discounts in the aggregate of all
the national banks was in January, 1869,
$644,000,000; in April, $662,000,000; in June,
$686,000,000, and in October, $682,000,000.
But the greatest loans in proportion to the
amount of bank capital were found in the large
cities Bast and West, evidently the result of
trade and commerce and not of the national
banking system.
It is argued that if the legal-tender notes
were out of the way the national bank notes
becoming redeemable and being issued by
institutions in sympathy with trade, would con-
tract and expand in obedience to the law of
supply and demand, and so possess the ele-
ment of elasticity.
This would be a good argument if the banks
could redeem in coin. But the total inability
of redemption, present and prospective, will
override the laws of supply and demand. That
question will never arise, and the boasted elas-
ticity of a system which breaks before it begins
to bend will never and can never be tested.
The circulation of $650,000,000 of bank notes
in a country always hungry for gold for interest
and imports would be frightened by the gob-
lin of redemption into a much smaller sum,
and the only elasticity that would beseen would
be that of shrinkage. The adaptation to busi-
ness possessed by such a currency would most
probably be that which would narrow it to such
a compass as that it could be with facility re-
deemed ; and instead of $650,000,000 of paper
we might possibly have $200,000,000, surely a
not much greater sum than the amount of all
the gold that could be gotten together with
which to meet the pressure for redemption.
Suppose we had an exclusive coin circula-
tion, how much talk would we hear of an elas-
tic currency having adaptability to the wants
of business? Not a word. Coin seems to bo
the great desideratum, and yet it is as inelas-
tic as greenbacks. The fact that it may flow
out of the country when there is a surplus does
not make the remainder elastic, that is, con-
tract and expand to suit the emergency. A
million of gold dollars is ever a million, and
shrinkage and adaptability are not among its
good qualities. When we come down to the
solid coin this thing of elasticity vanishes. A
gold dollar will no more loan itself or invest
itself, if it is not needed for business, than a
greenback. A gold dollar, if paid into the
Treasury, is as much locked up and withdrawn
from circulation as a greenback. It is just as
easy to absorb large amounts of gold dollars
and hold them in the Treasury away from busi-
ness at a time when they are needed as green-
backs, and a contraction of gold currency is
the result of collections in the Treasury just
as much as the contraction of greenbacks is
the result of their' collection. So, too, with
disbursements. All the world unite in saying
that the best currency is coin, which has not
the first shade of elasticity in it. Why, then,
this ardent desire for a paper currency so
unlike it?
The flowing in and out of coin from and to
foreign nations under the operations of trade
is a very different thing from this elastic paper
money which is to dry up or pour out to suit
the season. If you have nothing to sell to for-
eign countries, if you have no debts due you
there, you cannot get the coin, since they have
not yet been found benevolent enough to issue
it to us gratis. It will not flow in though you
may want it ever so badly. It will not expend
a dollar just to meet necessities.
But this patent elastic paper currency does
not depend upon any contingency of this kind.
The banker is to be free to print his promises
for business, for trade, for the mechanic, the
farmer, and the speculator, and should the
latter gentleman need very large sums he and
his friends are to have them till the elastic bank
stretches to its full extent or breaks. The in-
coming and the outgoing of coin depend upon
the great laws of trade ; the issuing of an elastic
paper currency depends upon the caprices and
whims of speculators.
It may be said that in the supposed case
when the balances of trade were against us
that we could, if we were in great need ot
coin, borrow it, and thus meet the demand for
currency. In the first place, to this I answer
it is a very poor and unprofitable way to get it;
