662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
and when it was made sure, by the surrender
of Lee and Johnston, that we could see a limit
to our expenditures, confidence in the Gov-
ernment increased and the price of gold has
steadily declined, with a few fluctuations up-
ward, to the present day.
From these facts it would appear that the
main cause of the rise in the price of gold, or,
more properly speaking, of the depreciation
of the paper currency, was caused by distrust
of the ability of Government to conquer the
rebels and redeem its obligations, and but a
small portion of the depreciation was occa-
sioned by the enlarged issues of paper money.
The question, then, arises here whether or
not there is a redundancy in the currency to-
day, and our determination of that question
may have considerable influence on our action
toward aresumption of specie payments. The
best way to ascertain whether or not there is
a redundancy now is to compare our present
condition with that of some recent and solidly
prosperous period and see whether the cur-
rency, in proportion to the work to be done, is
in excess or diminution of the proper wants of
the people. The latest and best period we can
select is the beginning of the year 1801. We
had then recovered from the disasters of 1857.
We were in the enjoyment of a fair and profit-
able foreign commerce; our imports did not
exceed our exports; our home industry was
everywhere well employed, and the political
situation had prevented us from entering upon
speculative operations.
The currency proper of the nation about the
1st of January, 18fil, was, in bank notes in
actual circulation, $180,000,000; and there
was in hank deposits $257,000,000, which
deposits, especially in great cities, performed
the same currency functions by checks as the
bank notes do in the country. It is also esti-
mated that thegold and silver coin in the coun-
try at that time in the hands of the people was
§200,000,000, as then stated in the Mint report,
making in all $687,000,000, all of which were
performing the duties of currency. The gold
then in the bauks is included in the deposits.
Now, the duty of the currency of the nation is
to exchange commodities, to pass the real and
personal estate of the people from one person
to another, and to pay the wages of labor, and
to do the general work of the nation. The
whole value of the real and personal property
of the United States, as ascertained by the
census a few months before that date, was
$3 0,000,000,000.
As the whole amount of currency then was
$037,000,000, to transfer that property, to work
it up, to pay the wages of labor exerted upon
it, there was one dollar of currency to every
$20 11 worth of property to be thus acted on.
How stands the case to-day ? The last report
of the Comptroller of the Currency shows that
there was m October, 1869, $280,000,000 of
national and State bank notes in actual circula-
tion, and the legal-tender notes amounted to
about four hundred millions, of which there
were then in circulation about three hundred
and thirteen millions, the rest of the author-
ized bank notes and legal tenders being held
as a reserve under the national banking law.
To these items we must add $511,000,000 in
bank deposits, and we have an aggregate of
$1,110,000,000 performing the functions of
currency. 1 say nothing about the gold of the
country, for it performs no part now in the
exchanges of the internal commerce of the
nation.
The value of the real and personal estate of
the country can only be estimated by the past,
in 1850 it was about, seven thousand millions ;
lrom 1850 to 1860 it increased one hundred
and twenty-six per cent., and the census returns
showed it to be over sixteen thousand millions.
At the same rate of increase it would be now
$36,000,000,000. Mr. Boutwell recently has
estimated it unofficially at $42,000,000,000. I
think his estimate is much too large. If we
should deduct for the ravages of the war and the
annihilation of .slave property $6,000,000,000
we would still own $30,000,000,000 worth of
real and personal property as the wealth of our
people. Then dividing the currency, as esti-
mated above, ($1,110,000,000,) into that sum
"we will have one dollar of currency for every
$26 12 of property to be exchanged, manu-
factured, bought and sold, which shows that
the currency is slightly less to-day for the work
it has to do than it was in 1861.
I cannot, therefore, believe that there is a
present redundancy in the currency, but believe
its depreciation to bo due to the distrust origin-
ally created by large issues and the very heavy
debt still hanging over us.
If this statement of facts be in the main
correct, and I believe it is, how shall we resume
specie payments? There are so many con-
flicting and disturbing elements entering into
the problem that it is difficult to mark out a
policy that may not have to be changed by
future events. Of one thing, however, we are
certain, and that is that the first thing to be
done toward a general resumption of specie
payments is for the General Government to
resume on its legal-tender notes. Until this is
done the banks will use the legal-tenders for
the redemption of their notes in preference to
gold as being the cheaper currency. Hence
there will be no resumption by the banks until
the General Government leads the way.
It will, however, at any time be much more
difficult for the Governmentto resume than for
(he banks to do so. The place of redemption
for the Government is at the Treasury and a
few sub-Treasuries. When the Government
resumes, all its legal-tenders can bo poured in
upon these very few redemption points in a
perfect avalanche. If gold be in demand for
the paymentot'balances due abroad, or for any
other cause, then every bank, banker, and
broker in the land will be a watchman on the
lookout to catch every floating Government
note and transmit it to the point of redemption
to be turned into gold. The Government hav-
ing borrowed money, through its legal-tenders,
to pay for arming and equipping its soldiers
and providing materials of war for the Army
and Navy, has little or nothing in place of the
legal-tenders that may be turned into cash for
their redemption. It must depend for their
redemption on its taxes collected by customs,
which are already pledged for the payment of
the interest on the public debt; and what may
not be needed for that purpose will go with the
excise taxes to pay the public expenditures,
and the balance beyond, if any, maybe applied
to the redemption of the legal-tenders.
The banks, however, are very differently sit-
uated from the Government. Their issues arc
for money lent, not borrowed. For their notes
issued they have or ought to have promissory
notes based on mercantile transactions. Every
note they have issued ought to represent value
received by the drawer in goods and chattels,
wares and merchandise, real estate, or services
rendered. As these promissory notes become
due they are paid, and thus there is a fund
perpetually and regularly coming in and pro-
viding the bauks with means for the redemp-
tion of their notes as fast as they may be pre-
sented.
But the banks have another advantage over
the Government in producing and maintaining
■a resumption, in this: that their notes cannot
be presented in masses or rapidly for redemp-
tion. As one national bank note is now as
good as another, the circulation of the notes is
national and not local. The notes of a Port-
land national bank are as good in St. Louis
as those of a St. Louis bank, or those of a
Charleston national bank as good in St. Paul
as a note of a bank of St. Paul; henee it is
that they are scattered all over the Union.
Everybody receives them without scrutiny, and
if the note which a man receives should have
the appearance of a national bank note and
the figures are satisfactory, the party receiving
it puts it into his pocket without looking at the
name or location of the bank from which it
issued. So satisfactory is this circulation, and
received with such confidence, that I do not
believe any member of this House has inquired
so far as to be able to tell to-day the names of
the banks from which any of the notes now in
his pocket-book may have been issued.
If, then, there should be a demand for gold
it would be a difficult matter to collect the notes
of any bank, thus widely scattered, in sufficient
quantities for redemption to create embarrass-
ment, especially as the bank-note circulation
has emanated from seventeen hundred different
banks, making as many different points of re-
demption. This great national circulation of
the national bank notes will make it a very easy
matter at the proper time for those banks to
resume when the Government is ready to re-
deem its legal-tenders. To enable the Gov-
ernment to resume it must withdraw at least
one half its currency, perhaps more. It would
be impossible for it to maintain resumption on
its present extensive circulation, which could
be so easily poured in on its points of redemp-
tion and would be presented on the least dis-
turbance of the gold market of the world. As
there is no redundancy of the currency, as I
have shown heretofore, it will be necessary to
leave in the hands of the people an equivalent
in currency for that which may be withdrawn by
the withdrawal of the legal-tenders.
That can be done by allowing the Secretary
of the Treasury to cancel front two to four
millions of the legal-tenders monthly, and to
issue to new banking associations an equivalent
in amount in circulating notes under the
national banking law. This will encourage
the creation of new banking capital rapidly
enough ; for a surplus of banking capital, with
its accumulation of deposits and its issues,
tends to an undue extension of its discount
line, and takes the form of unhealthy and
mischievous speculation.
By this process the legal-tenders, the most
difficult to manage, will be gradually with-
drawn, that much of the debt will be paid
and the public credit strengthened, and the
Government put in a better position for re-
sumption. Inthe establishment of newnational
banks the Secretary should be required to allot
the new circulation to those portions of the
Union, South and West and elsewhere, which
have not, because of well-understood causes,
their proper proportion of currency and bank-
ing capital.
This withdrawal of the legal-tenders will,
it may be said, bear heavily on the eastern
and middle States. Most of it will come at
first from the commercial cities, especially
New York. Those cities can bear this reduc-
tion without inconvenience if the banks there
will do their duty. It will take away no money
that is needed for legitimate business pur-
poses. It will only take away that portion which
is now daily used for speculations—for gold
and stock gambling. Commercial cities need
but little circulation, only enough for the
smaller transactions of life. Their main busi-
ness is done with checks on bank deposits.
Bank deposits are a city's currency. The
banks of New York before the creation of the
national banking system had rarely over six to
eight millions of circulation ; sometimes it was
as low as three millions, as in March, 1865.
Since the new system was established and one
bank note has become as good as another, and
all became irredeemable, the circulation of the
New York city banks has easily been made to
run up to thirty-five millions. The legitimate
business of the city did not require this, and the
consequence is that much of it was lent to spec-
ulators on '' call loans'' secured by collaterals.
The Comptroller of the Currency in his last
year's report says that an amount equal to all
the capital of the banks of New York city was
loaned on this kind of loans. This unnecessary
issue of notes has resulted in evil to the city
of New York and to the nation. It has enabled
men of large capital or large credit to speculate
