1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
extensively in currency and gold, and to unset-
tle values throughout the Union.
The withdrawal, therefore, of a portion of
the legal-tenders from the commercial cities
would simply require the banks to call in that
portion of their loans now used for speculative
purposes, leaving untouched sufficient cur-
rency to do the legitimate business of the
banks, for there is little doubt that more than
two hundred millions of bank loans in the
Union are now used in speculation.
The substitution of the same amount of
national bank notes in other parts of the coun-
try where they lack their share of the circula-
tion, especially in the South and West, would
be of great advantage to those sections, and
would tend to equalize the advantages which
the national bank note circulation was intended
to afford. That circulation would do its work
and eventually gravitate toward commercial
centers.
As the banks, however, will not voluntarily
desist from lending on call loans on collaterals
used for gambling purposes, Congress should
enact a law, as recommended by the Comp-
troller, prohibiting such loans beyond a very
small percentage of a bank's capital. The mer-
chant or manufacturer would not then have
to go so often into the open market and bor-
row money at ten or twelve per cent., while
the gold and stock gambler was accommo-
dated by the banks at six and seven per cent,
on his "call loans."
In this connection let me remark on the
proposition that the national banks should be
required to redeem their notes in New York
that I am unable to see the utility of such a
requirement while specie payments are sus-
pended.
In what funds are the banks to redeem ? If
in each other's bank notes, it is but the sub-
stitution of one note for another of no greater
value. If in the legal-tenders, it will be the
redemption of a bank note secured by all the
credit and means of the Government, with the
added security of the assets of the bank and
the individual liability of the stockholders, by
a legal-tender note secured by the credit and
means of the Government alone ; the redemp-
tion of a note with three kinds of securities
by a note having but one kind.
As all the bank notes everywhere are of
equal value, there will be no necessity of
redemption and no gain to any one from it.
There will be, however, a loss to the banks in
interest on the fund deposited to make redemp-
tions, and also in the charges and expenses
incident to the making of the exchanges. The
Secretary, however, recommends that the
banks themselves should own the bank of
redemption, and loan the funds thus deposited
to make redemptions so far as they should not
be needed. But why subject the banks to the
expenses of the management of these funds at
a distance when they can use them with equal
profit and no additional expense at home?
As an additional preparation for the resump-
tion of specie payments the Government should
not retain in its vaults any more coin than is
needed to meet its obligations. All retained
beyond that amount is artificially withdrawn
from the use of the people. It ought to be used
to buy up the loan and legal-tenders, and it will
be thatamountmorein the hands of the people
at the time of resumption, and will relieve the
banks and the Government to the same extent
in the demand that will be at first made on
them when resumption takes place. It will
lower the price of coin in the market and bring
paper and specie gradually nearer to an equal
value, and it will at the same time be the means
of withdrawing the legal-tenders and affording
the equivalent in national bank note3 to the
new banking associations in the South and
West already referred to.
The retention by the Government of large
amounts of the coin of the country renders it
easier for large capitalists to speculate on the
balance, and it was this holding of the gold
of the nation in the Treasury that aided in en-
abling the gold-gamblers of New York to make
such sudden rises and falls in the price of gold
within the last year, to the great disturbance
of the legitimate business of the country. It
is true that the Secretary of the Treasury was
able to pierce the bubble, but it is rather a
humiliating thought that that eminent and saga-
cious official should be required to leave his
legitimate duties and sit at the door of the New
York gold-gambling hell and act the part of
Ursa Major or Taurus Major among the gold
conspirators, to defeat their nefarious plans.
In further aid and ease of the people in the
painful transition from an irredeemable to a
redeemable currency we should reduce the
taxes. By their aid we are paying off the
national debt with unexampled rapidity. We
are reducing it at the rate of seventy-five to
one hundred million dollars per annum. But
this reduction, gratifying though it may be to
national pride, is wrought out at a terrible sac-
rifice to the people. It is grinding them to the
dust. The taxes, although nominally light-
ened, are really doubled in weight. The price
of produce, the wages of labor, the profits of
manufactures, are so much lower than they
were a few years ago, that it requires nearly
double the amount of the products of industry
to pay the same amount of taxes that it did
then. The taxes now begin to be felt with great
severity. They should be reduced $50,000,000
per annum, and they will then leave sufficient
surplus to pay off, as appears by the Secretary's
estimates, $50,000,000 of our debt annually.
This amount, applied as a constant reduction,
with the amount of interest left free by the pay-
ment of the debt, will pay off the whole national
debt within the present century with ease.
In making this reduction the true principle
seems to me to be to abolish all the small taxes
that are irritating in their nature and are pro-
ductive of small amounts of revenue. Among
these might be mentioned the small stamps
required for checks and receipts, and which are
continually annoying to men of business because
of their inconvenience; the special tax on small
peddlers atid small dealers, the broker's tax
required of farmers selling their own produce
from a stall, and various others of a similar
character. The exemption in the case of the
income tax should be enlarged to $1,500, and
the present rate be retained on the overplus,
whereby but a comparatively small number of
persons would have to deduct this tax from
their living. It would fall mostly on those who
could pay it out of their surplus and without
inconvenience. Such an enlargement of the
exemption by keeping the present rate will real-
ize more revenue than by leaving the exemption
as it is and reducing the rate to three per cent.
With the amount of reduction in the taxes
thus indicated there would be many causes of
irritation and annoyance removed, and the
surplus left after paying interest on the debt
and expenses of the Government would enable
us to reduce the debt $50,000,000 per annum.
This, surely, would be fast enough, and every
year's labor would add to our ability to pay the
debt by giving an increased amount of property
for taxation.
By the means already indicated, aided by the
annually increasing prosperity of the country,
with industry and patience on the part of the
people, we would be ready in a reasonably
short period to resume specie payment of the
notes of the banks and tho Government. A
too hasty resumption would be the ruin of mul-
titudes of people. Resumption would be made
easy and with but a small contraction of the
currency, just sufficient to ^supply the extra
demand always made on a resumption, for the
coin necessary to fill the channels of circulation
needed for the every-day transactions of the
people, and to supply the timid, who will con-
vert their notes into gold and hoard it for a
time until they find the resumption assumes
an appearance of permanence. Such a eon-
traction has hitherto always preceded resump-
tion and must do go again.
But when the resumption of specie payments
shall have been proclaimed and.established,
there remains the equally important question.
How shall the resumption be permanently:main-
tained 1 While our internal arrangements may
thus be satisfactorily made to produce a re-
sumption of specie payments, our relations to
foreign countries will have a most important
bearing on the question. Unless these are
placed on a safe and satisfactory basis it is idle
for us to hope for the permanency of any re-
sumption, and in looking carefully , at those
relations they seem to me, under present cir-
cumstances, to be the dark and threatening
cloud which must, unless guarded by congres
sional legislation, be the terror of all State and
national financiers after resumption.
Special Commissioner Wells informs us that
we nad a clean. balance sheet with.- foreign
nations in 1863, and that since that time there
has gone abroad of corporate, State, and na-
tional loans amounting to $1,465,000,000. Of
this sum the Secretary of the Treasury informs
us that seven or nine hundred millions are of
the national debt. The export of coin and
bullion for the same time over the imports
thereof amounts to $425,000,000, making, in
that brief period of seven years, if Commis-
sioner Wells be correct, a balance of trade
against us of $1,890,000,000, or at the rate of
$270,000,000 per annum, the greater part of
which arose from the excess of our imports
over our exports. Of this amount there still
remains unpaid $1,465,000,000.
Now, as the banks hold $425,000,000 of the
national securities, and there are at least eight
hundred millions of them held abroad, there
are but about eight hundred millions more
available to pay balances due foreigners, which
at our present rate of extravagance in imports
would be all exhausted in three years, and we
would be without any means whereby to pay
the balances. The consequence would be that
usual concomitant of overtrading—national
bankruptcy.
Even now if we were in a state of resump-
tion, and one tenth part of our indebtedness
abroad were thrown into our markets for sale,
the proceeds to be withdrawn in specie, every
bank in the country would be in a state of
suspension in a fortnight.
To keep down this enormous annual increase
of the foreign debt and to prevent its return
unseasonably for conversion into coin, to the
great disturbance of our finances, two meas-
ures are necessary. Theremedy for the first evil
is so to adjust the tariff as to cheek excessive
mportations, especially of those things which
we can manufacture at home. It is the height
of folly for a great nation like ours to give the
profits on hundreds of millions of manufac-
tures to foreigners when we can just as readily
give them to our own citizens. Yet to silence
the clamors of foreigners domiciled here and
foreign agents, we refuse to protect the labor
of our own people, but let it be turned aside,
while we afford food and clothing to the labor-
ers of other lands, denying also by the process
a good home market for the American man-
ufacturer and farmer. Until this absurdity is
corrected by appropriate legislation it is in
vain to hope to escape the incubus of a heavy
foreign debt with its attendant evils and dan
gers.
The second measure is to make ournational
loans held abroad so desirable to the foreign
holder that in case of political, financial, or
military disturbances there shall be no tempta-
tion to return them on us for conversion into
coin. Secretary Boutwell thinks tha,ta new long
loan of $1,200,000,000 at four and a half per
cent., payable both principal and interest in
j;old, to redeem the five-twenties will make it
a sufficient favorite with European capitalists
to induce them to exchange their five-twenties
