666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
monopoly can be effectually guarded against;
the tax imposed upon them will largelyincrease
the receipts of the Treasury, the rate of inter-
est can be made reasonable and uniform ; the
money will be distributed from various business
centers where it is.needed, and whenever it
shalL become necessary the banks can be re-
quired to accumulate and hold a gold reserve
sufficient to meet the exigencies of resumption.
The further issue of greenbacks will impair
public confidence in all our national securities,
disturb settled values, and complicate the whole
financial question. On the other hand, a
judicious increase of the national bank cur-
rency will promote all branches of industry,
develop the latent resources of the West and
South, encourage trade and commerce, build
up manufactories, increase the products of
agriculture, and give a healthy impetus to all
our business interests.
TAXATION.
_ Incident to this general subject is the ques-
tion of the national revenues. The onerous
and burdensome taxation imposed upon the
people during the war by absolute necessity
has been greatly lessened, yet it is a matter
worthy of serious consideration whether a still
further reduction may not bo made and at the
same time carry out a sound national policy.
The amount received from imports during the
last fiscal year was over one hundred and eighty
million dollars iti gold, while the internal rev-
enue tax reached the sum of $100,000,000 in
currency. By funding the national debt at a
lower rate of interest over twenty million dol-
lars will be annually saved and impost duties
and taxes can be reduced in the same propor-
tion. An honest and economical administra-
tion of the Government will produce still fur-
ther relief.
in the mean time there are many articles of
importation not produced in this country and,
like tea and coffee, of general use, which may
safely be added to the free list or subjected to
n less duty. In like manner the internal rev-
enue tax ought'in justice to the people to be
reduced at least in some of its most rigorous
exactions upon small incomes, limited manu-
factures, common business instruments, and
the necessaries of life.
Let this be done and the people of this coun-
try will cheerfully and gladly pay a revenue
amply sufficient to gradually reduce the public
debt and place the country upon a sure founda-
tion of national solvency and prosperity.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, obtained the floor,
and yielded to
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, who moved that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Kel-
sey reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the President's an-
nual message, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
message from till! president.
A message from the President, by Mr.
IIoiiack Porter, his Private Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed a bill (IT. R. No. 238) relatingto retired
officers of the Army.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that by
unanimous consent the meeting to-morrow
shall be for debate only, as I understand there
are several gentlemen who wish to speak on
general subjects.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. And that no
business of any kind or character be transacted.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
g1sokgia.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks unanimous
consent to lay before the House a communica-
tion from the General of the Army, in answer
to a resolution of the House of January 19, in
relation to certain ofiicers of the Army acting
in the Legislature of Georgia as a committee
of election.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I want to
make some remarks on that communication.
The SPEAKER. The communication will
be withdrawn for the present.
And then, on motion of Mr. KBLSEY,
the House (at four o'clock and thirty minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: A petition of 214 cit-
izens of Bel Air, Maryland, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. ARNELL: A petition of citizens
of Perry county, Tennessee, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Cullcoke,
Maury county, Tennessee, for the same.
Also, a petition of citizens of Carbondale,
Tennessee, for the same.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of Joseph
Scafe and 124 others, citizens of Wheeling and
vicinity, Livingston county, Missouri, asking
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Solomon Korns and
43 others, citizens of West Liberty, Putnam
county, Missouri, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. BECK: A petition of a number
of citizens of Mercer county, Kentucky, pray-
ing for the removal of all legal and political
disabilities from W. B. Allin.
Also, a petition of a large number of the
citizens of Frankford, Kentucky, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BOYD : A petition of citizens of
Flat Creek, Barry county, fourth congressional
district of Missouri, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Charles Altny and 40 others, citizens of New
Bedford, Massachusetts, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of Augustus F. Jillson
and 47 others, citizens of Carver, Massachu-
setts, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the memorial of Nathan Briggs and 57
others, citizens of Marion, Massachusetts,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. BURRY: Petitions of citizens of
various towns in Illinois, asking the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BENTON: The petition of George
W. Hunt and 35 others, citizens of Cornish,
New Hampshire, for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, the petitition of Simeon Garland and 80
others, citizens of Enfield, New Hampshire,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Elijah Boyden and 42
others, citizens of Marlborough, New Hamp-
shire, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of H. S. Baker and 52
others, citizens of New Hampshire, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of E. C. Woodward and
52others, citizens of Marlborough, New Hamp-
shire, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of D. H. Currier and 220
others, citizens of Plymouth and vicinity, Now
Hampshire, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of Colonel
William Wilkinson and 261 others, citizens of
Romeo, Michigan, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of D. C. Walker and 39
others, citizens of Copac, Michigan, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of L. W. Matthews and
166 others, citizens of Pontiac, Michigan, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of James Weir and 39
others, citizens of Oakwood, Michigan, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Ezra Hazan and 85
others, citizens of Memphis, Michigan, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. COWLES: A petition of citizens of
Seneca Falls, New York, for pension to sol-
diers of the war of 1812.
Also, a petition of citizens of the city of
Oswego, New York, for the improvement of
Pultneyville harbor, Wavnecounty, New York.
Also, a petition of 250 citizens of Covert,
Seneca county, New York, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: A petition of
citizens of Highland, Iowa county, Wisconsin,
against the reduction of the rate of impost duty
on imported lead.
By Mr. COOK: A petition of citizens of
Danby, Du Page county, Illinois, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Danby, for com-
pulsory prepayment of all domestic postages.
By Mr. CREBS: The petition of W. W.
Palmer and 38 others, citizens of Dongola,
Union county, Illinois, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. CLARKE : The petition of William
Stoddard and others, of Eugene, Kansas, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Gilmer Montague and
others, of Kansas, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. DOX: A petition of sundry citizens
of Green Grove, Alabama, asking for the abol-
ishment of the franking privilege.
By Mr. DONLEY: A petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
asking that the twelfth section of the revenue
law of July 20, 1868, prohibiting flouring mills
from grinding for custom when attached to dis-
tilleries, be repealed or changed.
By Mr. FISHER: Four petitions for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. FERRISS: A petition of citizens
of the town of Mooers, New York, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Thomas
J. Evans, A. H. Reed, and 39 others, of Plain-
field, Michigan, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of E. H. Bowen, J. A.
Martin, and 41 others, of Yankee Springs,
Michigan, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. GETZ: A petition of 32 citizens
of Mount iBtna, Berks county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
^By Mr. IIAMILL : The petition of Henry
Wilson and 40 others, citizens of Maryland,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. HALE : The petition of C. S. Hus-
ton and others, for legislation for the relief
of American shipping.
Also, the petition of S. W. Griffin and
others, for the same.
Also, the petition of Samuel Steeples and
others, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Northport,
Maine, for the same.
Also, the petition of O. H. Leeland and
others, for the same.
Also, the petition of John M. Swazey and
others, for the same.
By Mr. HAMBLETON: The petition of
James T. Kenney, and 35 others, citizens of
Caroline county, Maryland, in favor of the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HALDEMAN: Tho petition of
Philip Brechtbill, Le\i Gleim, Simon S.
