1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
Mountz, and numerous others, citizens of Boil-
ing Springs, Cumberland county, Pennsylva-
nia, for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HAIGHT: The petition of Robert
B. White and 24 others, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HEATON: The petition of James
Rumley and 42 others, citizens of Carteret
county, North Carolina, asking for the abolish-
ment of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of Robert M. Cohn, of
North Carolina, asking for compensation for
three bales of cotton.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: A petition
of citizens of Pendleton, Kentucky, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Gallatin county,
Kentucky, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Warsaw, Ken-
tucky, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. KNAPP: A petition of citizens of
Davenport Center, Delaware county, New
York, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. KETCHAM: Three petitions of
citizens of Hudson, Kinderhook, andLinlithgo,
New York, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. LOUGHRIDGE: A petition of citi-
zens of Victor, Iowa, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. LOGAN : A petition of over 1,300
officers of the Army, asking that their pay be
increased
By Mr. MAYHAM: The petition of George
W. Luther and 100 others, citizens of Albany,
New York, for the erection of a Government
building in that city.
By Mr. MOORE, of Illinois: The petition
of sundry citizens of Mattoon, Illinois, asking
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Ashmore,
Coles county, Illinois, on the same subject.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: A peti-
tion for the abolition of the franking privilege
by citizens of Harrisoouville, New Jersey.
Also, a petition for the same purpose from
citizens of Daretown, New Jersey.
Also, a petition for the same_ purpose from
citizens of Meadows of Dan, Virginia.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohit> : The petition of
A. C. Armstrong and 81 citizensof Louisville,
Monroe county, Ohio, for abolishing the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania: A
petition of 52 citizens of Mount Union, Penn-
sylvania, asking Congress to abrogate the frank-
ing privilege. .
By Mr. McCRARY: The petition of L. B.
Fleak and others, of Brighton, Iowa, praying
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of E. Manning and others,
of Keosauqua, Iowa, praying the same.
By Mr. McCARTHY: A petition of 60
citizensof Geddes, New York, for theabolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. PACKARD : A petition of citizens
of Hamlet, Indiana, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. POLAND : The petition of Lorrain
Terry and others, of Stoekbridge, Vermont,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of P. E. Brigham and
others, of Wardsboro', Vermont, for the same
purpose.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Joseph
Fiedler, a disabled soldier, praying Congress
for a pension.
Also, the petition of J. II. Bowman and
90 others, citizens of Gratis, Preble county,
Ohio, praying Congress to abolish the franking
Tjrivil ege.
Also, the petition of George W. Murphy and
120 others, citizens of Oxford,Butler county.
Ohio, praying Congress to abolish the franking
privilege. . .
By Mr. SMYTH, ol • 1 111' petition «'!
George Tong, postmaster at Camanche, Clin-
ton county, Iowa, and 94 other citizens, asking
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. SPINK: The petition of General
D. D. Stanley and other military officers,
located in Dakota Territory, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. STEVENSON: A petition of many
citizens of Hamilton county, Ohio, praying the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. STILES: The memorials of Job
R. Mather, and S. C. Conard and 100 others,
citizens of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania,
praying the total abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petition of Mrs.
Esther L. Farnum, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Philip Chamberlain,
a soldier of the war of 1812, for a pension.
Also, the petition of A. M. Pendleton and
260 others, citizens of Peterboro', New Hamp-
shire, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. TILLMAN: A memorial from citi-
zens of Giles county, fourth district, Tennessee,
praying the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. TYNER : A petition of 29 citizens
of Markleville, Indiana, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. UPSON: The proceedings of a,pub-
lic meeting of citizens of Cleveland, Ohio, in
favor of the repeal of the income tax.
By Mr. WASHBURN of Massachusetts:
The petition of James R. Brown and 170
others, citizens of Barre, Massachusetts, pray-
ing the total abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. WELLS : The petition of Leon Al-
can, praying that he may receive the bounty
granted veterans.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
S. Isaminger and 44 others, citizens of Vinton
county, Ohio, praying for the passage of a
law abolishing the franking privilege.
By Mr. WINCHESTER : Petitions from the
citizens of Louisville, Kentucky, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: A petition of 120 cit-
izens of Coepee and Huntington, Indiana, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WHEELER: A petition of sundry
citizens of Madrid, St. Lawrence county, New
York, fortheabolition ofthefrankingprivilege.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 22, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. STOKES. I ask unanimous consent to
make a personal explanation. I seldom ever
occupy the time of the House, as is well known,
and never unnecessarily.
Mr. BURR. It may involve some member
who is absent, and I think personal explana-
tions should always be made when the parties
concerned are present. If the party to whom
the gentleman proposes to refer be not present
I shall object-
Mr. STOKES. I will say to the gentleman
from Illinois that I shall make no allusion to
any member upon this floor. It is in reference
to a matter in which I am concerned, and does
not touch any other member.
Mr. BURR. I have no objection to any
reasonable time.
There was no objection.
Mr. STOKES. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the
purpose of making a personal explanation,
and ask the consent of the House. As it is
well known to you and every member on this
floor that I have consumed but little time in
making speeches, I therefore ask permission to
proceed with the personal explanation. This,
fiii, is always an unpleasant duty to perform ;
but i's-.'.iee to the Republicans of Tennessee,
the country, and myself demands it. On the
15th of December last one of the honorable
Senators from Tennessee [Mr. Browklow]
took occasion to deliver a speech in the Senate,
as he said, to let the country know that he was
still a Republican. This, sir, he had a right
to do, and for which I could not have com-
plained. For if there were doubts in his mind
as to his standing with the Republican party,
and he had reasons to believe there were some
who had slight suspicions of his soundness
and fidelity, he certainly was justifiable in put-
ting himself right before the country.
But, Mr. Speaker, he was not content with
this; to justify his own course he saw fit'to
assail me in a most violent manner, as will be
seen from the following, which I find in the
Globe of the 16th of December. He said:
'' After all this X do not propose at this late day to
be read out of the Republican party by a selfish pack
of Tennessee politicians of small caliber and less
honesty, who have been on all sides of all questions,
and whose connection with the Republican party
has no stronger bond nor higher motive than the old,
time-honored seven principles of * five barley loaves
and two small fishes.' Of this class of partisans I
designate Stokes and Butler, who have seen fit to
denounce me as untrue to thegreat Republican party.
Why, this same man, R. R. Butlek, was doing rebel
service in a rebel Legislature and proposing to raise
a regiment of rebel troops whilo I was suffering in
ja.il in Knoxville for my constancy to the cause of
the Union 1 Is not he a beautiful pink of consist-
ency to impeach my loyalty to the party that saved
the country 1"
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will not consume the
time of the House in defense of my colleague,
[Mr. Butler,] for he is a member on this
floor and is able to take care of himself, and
will pay his respects to the honorable Senator
at the proper time. I will say, however, he is
my friend and has stood true to me and the
Republican party when others proved treach-
erous and aided in prostrating the Union men
of Tennessee. Mr. Butler is here, and will
take care of himself, and will honor his con-
stituents. No truer Republican lives than my
honorable colleague, and he will prove that to
be true at no distant day by the honorable
Senator himself over his own signature. I do
not propose to dignify the Senator's assault
with any notice of his vituperation further than
I am compelled to do by the nature of the
charges preferred and the misrepresentations
made. It certainly cannot be considered out
of place to give some reasons for the violent
denunciation of passion and frenzy directed
against me personally. I can truly say that I
never gave the honorable Senator any provo-
cation for making this assault. Now, Mr.
Speaker, as this whole thing has, as he would
have the country believe, grown out of the con-
test last summer between acting Governor Sen-
ter and myself, I propose to set the matter
right before the nation.
The issues between Governor Senter and
myself in last summer's canvass in Tennessee
were never fully understood ; and as it is neces-
sary that they should be in order to make plain
the issues so boldly tendered in Senator Brown-
low's "personal explanation," I propose
briefly to recite them.
The honorable Senator would have the coun-
try believe that the unfortunate disturbances
which terminated in a rupture of the State con-
vention assembled in May last m the city of
Nashville were initiated and provoked by the
contest for the temporary chairmanship. I am
unwilling that this impression should prevail,
for in the real causes and nature of those dis-
turbances lie the whole secret of the bitter can-
vass which followed. I am unwilling that the
opinion should obtain that my personal wishes
or interests were allowed to stand in the way
of any fair or reasonable compromise, Or that
my friends were governed by any such con-
siderations in the persistent efforts they made
to secure for me the prestige of a regular nom-
ination. As the controversy forced upon me by
Mr. Bbownlow's assaultis necessarilypersonni
I may be pardoned for the prominence which
I shall be compelled to give to the part I tootf
ill the canvass, to which I am now about to relbr.
