668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
The Republicans of Tennessee, in electing
their delegates to the State convention, sent
men favorable to my nomination, for the rea-
son that they believed I would be a much more
available candidate than Governor Senter.
The latter, whether justly or unjustly, had
become identified to a great extent with what
is siguificantly known in the State as the
"school fund" and "railroad corruption"
schemes. By these schemes the party was
charged with the misapplication of several hun-
dred thousand dollars of public moneys. As
Governor Senter had been prominently con-
nected with Governor Brownlow's adminis-
tration, under which these frauds were alleged
to have been committed, and under which for
various reasons the taxes bad been greatly in-
creased, it was deemed inadvisable to place him
before the people as the leader of the party.
With this determination well matured through'
out the State, delegates were selected to that
convention, fully two thirds of whom were in-
structed and committed to support my nomina-
tion. This fact was so well understood by the
friends of Governor Senter that some days pre-
vious to the assembling of the convention, at
a meeting of some of his leading and most
active friends held in the city of Knoxville, it
was decided that the only way to prevent my
nomination was to break up the convention by
a row or some violence. The place and time
of the meeting where this agreement was made
is known, and the course of the men in the
convention who made that agreement shows
how faithfully it was carried out.
As circumstances corroborating this charge
of conspiracy and combination to break up the
convention I may mention the fact that one of
Governor Senter's most influential supporters
publicly declared in Knoxville, while en route
to the convention, that they " intended to nom-
inate Sentor or bust up the convention."
Others of his friends intimated the same thing
before the convention assembled, and their
actions during its sitting indicate that they were
fully cognizant of the plan. I wish these facts
remembered, as they explain the "turbulence"
and " violence" manifested in the convention,
of which Governor Senter's friends complain,
but for which they are entirely responsible. Is
it unnatural that my friends, constituting a very
large majority of that convention, should have
resisted the violent efforts of Governor Senter's
friends and leaders when it was known that
their object was to break up the convention
and thereby deprive mo of the benefits of a
regular nomination? The Senator's statement
that the namo of my colleague [Mr. Maynard]
was proposed as a compromise candidate on
the second day of the convention is intended
to make the impression that he was brought
forward by Governor Senter's friends as an
offer of compromise.
1 am reliably informed that Mr. Mayxard's
name was mentioned by Judge Lewis on the
second day before the convention was organ-
ized and while the excitement was so intense
that ho could not be heard, and that he was
not in fact heard by any considerable number
of the delegates. It was, I am informed, ut-
terly impossible at that time for any one to get
the ear of the members, and I am assured that
Judge Lewis's nomination was notunderstood
in the way that the Senator would now have us
believe. I may say further that I am satisfied
that nomination was not so understood by the
friends of Mr._ Senter, for Judge Houk, who
was one of his most active and influential
supporters, declared in a public speech in
Knoxville, a few nights after the convention
adjourned, that he would not have supported
Mr. Maynard under any circumstances. But,
sirs, so far from my friends having rejected
any offers of compromise, it is well known
in Tennessee that they earnestly made such
offers, and that they were rejected by Gov-
ernor Senter himself. When it became evi-
dent that some reconciliation was necessary
to prevent an open rupture and defeat on elec-
tion day, my friends, notwithstanding the fact
that they were aware of the combination to
break up the convention as before referred to,
sent a committee to wait upon Governor Sen-
ter and effect, if possible, some compromise.
They were told by the Governor that his case
was in the hands of his friends, and by the
latter that no compromise could be effected.
All these facts I desire to impress upon your
minds in order that you may understand that
the rupture in the convention was . brought
about by Governor Senter's friends, and not
because of any division upon the question of
suffrage, as his friends in the North at one time
claimed.
The convention was broken up in pursuance
of the plan I have named. The friends of
Governor Senter, comprising but a few of the
members of the convention, organized sepa-
rately and placed him in nomination. The
larger number, comprising fully two thirds of
the delegates in the convention regularly ^nd
fairly chosen by their respective counties,
effected an organization presided over by my
colleague, Judge Butler, and tendered me the
nomination, which I accepted.
Early in the canvass Senator Browni.ow de-
clared himself in favor of Governor Senter,
continued his ardent supporter, and on the day
of the election was led to the polls and depos-
ited a ballot in his favor.
lie says he yielded that support becauso he
preferred Senter personally, because he was
under obligations to him, and that he was
justified in doing so because he was a Repub-
lican claiming to be in perfect accord with the
principles of the Chicago platform. I propose
briefly to review Governor Senter's policy and
see how far it was in harmony with those prin-
ciples, and how far he merited the support of
true Republicans.
When Mr. Senter's name was first announced
it was believed by his friends that he would re-
ceive the support of a considerable number of
the Republicans of the State. By reason of the
patronage at his disposal, of the arbitrary con-
trol of the registration, and for other reasons
not necessary here to mention, he was sup-
ported by many of those theretofore leaders in
the party, lie had the control, or the assurance
of the control, of two of the three daily Repub-
lican papers of the State. These reasons ex-
plain in part why he had the support of the few
leaders named by the Senator. But before the
canvass was fairly begun it became apparent to
the Governor that the mass of the Republicans
were determined and enthusiastic in supporting
me. For reasons before stated I was thought
the most available candidate. The party were
dissatisfied with the management of one or two
departments of State affairs, and they were par-
ticularly dissatisfied with the few men who were
prominent with money and work in the support
of Mr. Senter. When this became manifest ho
realized the necessity of looking elsewhere for
his supporters. When he became persuaded
that he could not be elected by Republicans as
a Republican he began that policy on the suf-
frage question which has been fitly pronounced
by Mr. Mayhard and his associates in their
"protest" as "revolutionary." Up to this
period in the canvass Senter's friends, with
some plausibility, claimed that he was entitled
to the support of Republicans. But just about
this period it became evident that such claims
could not in reason be longer made. Prom
this time their departure from Republicanism
became notorious and unmistakable. It was
then that he made his celebrated speech at
Nashville, in which he espoused the cause of
universal suffrage and foreshadowed that policy
which he soon afterward carried out.
As Governor of the State he had supreme
control of the franchise. Under the laws of
the State he controlled the appointment and
removal of the commissioners of registration.
They, in turn, controlled the registration of
voters and the granting or refusal of certifi-
cates. They could give certificates to whomso-
ever they pleased and from their decision there
was no appeal. The guiltiest, most red-banded
rebel in the State once in possession of a cer-
tificate was a legal voter, and could not again
be unregistered or disfranchised. Under such
laws, and with such powers over the system of
registering voters, Governor Senter virtually
controlled the election. .When he became
convinced from -the indications hereinbefore
alluded to that he could not. be elected by the
legal voters, of the State, ;as certificated up to
the assembling of the convention, lie determ-
ined to throw open the franchise by an open
and illegal abuse of the powers vested in him
as Governor. During the month of June, while
making a joint canvass with me in East Tennes-
see, the stronghold of Republicanism in the
State, he, repeatedly and publicly pledged him-
self not to disturb the registration, but to hold
a fair election. Anticipating the policy he
subsequently pursued, and desiring to prepare-
the public mind in that section for the betrayal
awaiting the Republicans inclined to follow
him, I was careful to force him to make the
public pledges just referred to in every county
in which we spoke. In the month of July, just
as soon as the canvass in East Tennessee was
finished, and in the very counties where these
pledges were made, he removed the Repub-
lican registers and appointed in theirplaces men
whom he was advised would willingly and
zealously aid him in annulling and openly dis-
regarding the laws he and they were sworn to
support. This nullifying and "revolutionary
policy" was carried on for the month preced-
ing the election. Its object and inevitable
result were well known. The rebel Democ-
racy were jubilant at the certainty of gaining
control of the State, and their journals were
proclaiming what they would do when once in
power. Long before the 5th of August, the day
of election, it was evident that this policy would
secure for us a Democratic Legislature; the
certain defeat of the fifteenth amendment; the
probable election of Andrew Johnson to the
Senate; the abolition of the free-school sys-
tem ; the constitutional convention now in ses-
sion, and which is to deprive us of our Repub-
lican judiciary elected last July for eight years ;
and all the obnoxious legislation which has
already been enacted.
All these results I say were certain to follow
the triumph of Senter's policy. The Demo-
cratic press promised them, the temper of that
joarty insured them, and Governor Senter's
friends anticipated them. Some of the latter,
who at first supported him because they believed
him to be a Republican, publicly protested
against his policy of indiscriminate enfran-
chisement, and finally when his persistence in
that policy was assured they withdrew from his
support. There was not an intelligent man in
the State who did not realize the fact that Sen-
ter's course was in direct conflict with the prin-
ciples of the Republican party, and that his
object was to secure my defeat and the over-
throw of the party.
In opposition to this policy of Governor
Senter, I contended for a strict enforcement
of the franchise laws which Governor Senter
and Senator Brownlow had enacted and sup-
ported foryears. Those lawshad their found-
ation in the constitution itself. The only way
to repeal them, if they desired their repeal, was
by a constitutional amendment. I have been
denounced as a proscriptionist and disorgan-
izer. Why, sir, they were the disorganizers,
for they openly and defiantly trampled upon
the constitution and laws they had aided in
securing. I was simply asking them to respect
and execute the laws as I found them upon
the statute-book of the State. I believed those
laws necessary for the protection of loyal men
and for the preservation of republican govern-
ment in Tennessee, and I am glad to learn that
the honorable Senator is now agaia of that
opinion.
In view of all the facts I have now stated, is
there any room for doubt as to which policy
