1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
the Republicans of Tennessee should have sup-
ported? There is no dispute as to the policy
nine tenths of them did support, for the re-
turns of that election show that I polled to
within about one thousand of the votes cast for
General Grant in the exciting contest of 1868.
But, sirs, can there be any excuse suggested,
in view of all the facts recited, for Republic-
ans supporting Mr. Senter after hispolicy was
certain to result in their overthrow?
If Senator Brownlow at first supported him
upon personal grounds and because he believed
him to be a Republican, as he now claims, for
what reasons did he continue that support when
it became evident what results would follow
his election? For what reasons did he con-
tinue his zealous support of Senter and finally
indorse^ his policy at the ballot-box on the day
of election, long, long after Senter had made
his "wholesale change" in the registrars;
long after he saw him arming every rebel in
the State with the ballot through revolutionary
and unconstitutional means; long after he
knew this policy wasmeeting the hearty approval
of the Democracy, and was intended to secure
their triumph; and long after he had heard
th:s same Democracy, which he now professes
to despise, exult over this policy and boast
of what they would do when it should securely
place them in control of the Legislature ?
But the Senator says in his explanation that
he " contemplated conferring the ballot upon
the disfranchised in agradual and constitutional
manner, and not by the wholesale changing of
the commissioners of registration, a measure to
which I never gave my approval." In view of
the facts I have detailed I hardly know how to
reply to this statement. I cannot give it the
answer it merits without violating the propri-
eties of this House. What does the gentleman
mean when he says he did not give his approval
to the '' wholesale changing of the commission-
ers of registration?" Did not those changes
all take place weeks before the day of election,
and were they not made in open violation of
the public pledges which Governor Senter had
made in every county in East Tennessee? Did
not every intelligent man in the State know of
these changes long before the day of election,
of the reasons that provoked them, and of the
results certain to follow ?
The honorable Senator had repeatedly and
publicly pledged himself to support Governor
Senter ; and if he did not approve of this shame-
ful abuse of power, why did he sit quietly by
and see his party swept from power and notso
much as even put on record one single word
which could possibly be construed as a disap-
proval of the means by which that defeat was
insured? There were Republicans who fol-
lowed Mr. Bkownlow into the Senter party,
and they should certainly have had from him
some public remonstrance against the abuses
of which he now complains. They had confi-
dence in his political sagacity, in his devotion
to Republican principles, and they were doubt-
less greatly influenced in casting their votes
for Governor Senter from the Senator's sup-
posed indorsement of his policy. I fail to see
now how they could possibly have known that
he did not indorse that policy. I never heard
of such disapprobation until it was made known
in the Senate. It was never suspected in Ten-
nessee. ITe was there believed to be in full
accord with Mr. Senter, not only because of
no public expression to the contrary, but from
the stronger reason that he voted for him. But
there should have been no uncertainty about
it. A faithful leader and true Republican would
have held no equivocal position in such a crisis.
There were issues then pending not only of
great importance to the State, but to the nation.
The rights and liberty of the colored men, the
safety of loyal white men, and the very exist-
ence of Republicanism in the State all trembled
in the balance. To have held a doubtful posi-
tion upon such issues was, to say the least, a
crime.
In voting for Governor Senter under the cir-
cumstances stated Mr. Brownlow is justly sub-
ject to one of two charges: either want of
political sagacity or a desire to secure the de-
feat of his party. He disclaims the benefit of
as charitable a judgment as the former, and
we are therefore warranted in holding him
responsible for the latter. It is a well-settled
principle of law that a sane man is presumed to
intend what inevitably follows a deliberate act.
It is but just in consideration of all the facts of
the case to hold the Senator to the full measure
of the responsibility of his acts in the premises.
The selection of a Democratic Legislature
is accounted for by the Senator chiefly because
of the number of candidates presented by the
two parties. This proposition is hardly worthy of
serious attention. There may have been a few
cases in which the chances for electing Repub-
lican legislators were lessened by the number
of candidates presented, but such cases are
exceptional. It was the corrupt and illegal
abuse of the powers vested in the registrars
that secured us a Democratic Legislature, and
nothing else.
The Senator complains again because Gov-
ernor Senter disbanded the militia instead of
1' distributing them in the rebellious counties.''
This was one of the earlier acts of his admin-
istration, and yet I have never before heard
any complaints from the honorable Senator.
Why did the gentleman not take warning from
such acts or call upon the Governor to explain
them? Is it not remarkable that with so many
causes for complaint he yet supported him so
zealously ?
With these remarks upon the public ques-
tions, I will pass to the more personal ones
which the Senator has presented.
I do not here propose to dignify his assault
with any notice of his vituperation further than
I am compelled to do by the nature of the
charges preferred. It cannot be considered
out of place to give some reasons for the vio-
lent demonstration of passion and frenzy
directed against me personally. I have never
given the honorable Senator any provocation
for the assaults he has made upon me. He was
the first to assail me, and that, too, after I had
rendered him willing and efficient service in
his political campaigns in Tennessee. The
secret of his opposition is that I was not always
willing to aid him in his efforts to gratify his
inordinate ambition. Briefly recited my sins
of omission are these: because I did not fully
indorse his policy as Governor of the State;
because I saw proper to oppose him for the
position he now holds in the Senate, although
previous to the meeting of the Legislature he
had assured prominent candidates for the posi-
tion that he would not allow his name to be
used in that connection-; because I would not
favor a resolution proposed to be submitted to
a State convention held in Nashville, in 1868,
suggesting his name aa a candidate for Vice
President of the United States ; because I
would not yield to the solicitations of his per-
sonal friends in the Chicago convention to with-
draw his name as a candidate for Vice Pres-
ident, when none but a few personal favorites
had ever mentioned his name for the position;
and lastly, because in the last canvass in Ten-
nessee I had the audacity to respond to the
wishes of nineteen twentieths of the Repub-
licans and become a candidate for Governor
against his personal friend and favorite, whose
glorious Republican triumph'' has led to the
results set fortfr in onr late memorial to Con-
gress.
It was-well known and understood that if I
was elected Governor I was pledged to expose
and punish the gigantic railroad frauds and
peculations by means of which some of the
Senator's particular friends were enabled to
buy up by the wholesale the leading Republican
newspapers of the State and use them to defeat
me and break down our party. Every one of
the newspapers bought up by such means and
used to support Messrs. Buowxlow and Senter
have either suspended publication or gone over,
like the Knoxville Whig, to the extreme rebel
wing of the Democratic party. Under the pat-
ronage and peculiar Republican triumph of ;he
Senter party every Republican daily paper in
the State has either been forced to suspend or
advocate Democratic principles for support.
These are better tests by which to judge thg
character and temper of Senter Republicanism
than the cheap praise and indorsement of the
few crippled and weak-kneed Republicans who
survived the contest.
In the face, of such facts the Senators charge
that my "connection with the Republican party
has no stronger bond nor higher motive than
the old, time-honored seven principles of 'the
five barley loaves and two small fishes' " needs
no reply. When the honorable Senator finds
it necessary to defend his Republicanism by
boasting of the fact that one of his particular
friends, prominently identified with the rail-
road schemes to which I have alluded, " con-
tributed liberally of means and efforts'' to secure
Andrew Johnson's defeat for the Senate I do
not feel called upon to prove the nature of the
"bonds" that unite me to the great Repub-
lican party. But, sir, I cannot suffer to pass
unnoticed the charge that I am a Republican
from mercenary motives.
I have been charged with many political sins
by the Democratic press of the country because
of my unflinching_ devotion to the principles
of the party to which I belong; but it has been
reserved for an honorable Senator holding his
position under pretense of being a Republican
to charge me with corruption. I meet the
charge with an unqualified denial, and I chal-
lenge him or any other living man to prove
that I ever corruptly received or distributed,
dircctly or indirectly, one single cent or dollar.
The charge is false, and I defy the gentleman
to sustain it by proof. Because .the Senator
has lost his influence and position in his party
at home he is maddened and strikes wildly and
furiously at those who have gained the confi-
dence he has lost. It was because of my well-
known opposition to corruption that I was the
nominee of the Republicans of Tennessee.
Through the efforts and encouragement of the
Senator certain prominent, malignant rebels
had gained positions of trust and responsibility
in the party which they had most outrageously
abused. Their corruption was charged upon
the party because they were known to be
supreme in authority over the Senator, and
because by his procurement they were in some
measure recognized as members of the party
and protected from exposure. They never
were Republicans and never should have been
recognized as such. They and the few Repub-
licans who supported them are alone responsi-
ble for their shameful abuses of trust. It was
because the Senator attempted to uphold such
men, even at the expense of the life of his
party, that he and they received such a merited
rebuke last August even in their own home
precincts, for in the very voting precinct where
the Senator lives, a precinct almost unani-
mously Republican, I received about twenty
of the Republican votes cast to Senter's one.
These facts speak for themselves, and need no
further comment.
In connection with the facts I have now
stated concerning the Senator's indorsement
of Governor Senter's policy I have some re- .
marks to make upon his sale of the Knox-
ville Whig, for I consider it as strong, cor-
roborating proof of his want of fidelity to the
principles of the Republican party. When the
contest between Governor Senter and myself
began the Whig was the property of a stock
company, in which Mr. Brownlow owned
two out of the twelve shares comprising the
stock. As it became important which side
the Whig supported the friends of both par-
ties were anxious to secure, it. Two of the
shares were owned by a friend of Senter, but
he had no written certificate of stock. These
two shares were purchased by my friends, and
thereby they secured control of the paper.
