1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
of the House yesterday the House would sit
to-day as in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union for debate only.
Mr. McCrary took the chair as Speaker pvo
tempore.
hbmoval of the capital.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. In this active,
living, energetic age questions of immense
interest and importance are constantly arising
!o agitate the public mind, and the scenes
among us as a people are constantly changing.
The questions of yesterday having been settled
become old to-day by reason of new forms of
thought rapidly crowding up for consideration,
and questions not settled recur again, inevi-
tably demanding afresh examination, and must
bo heeded whether we -will or not. And yet
these new themes, or old ones in new aspects,
as they obtrude themselves upon the public
consideration, excite serious apprehensions in
many minds, and often the most stubborn oppo-
sition. Sometimes they are met in the spirit of
ridicule" and sarcasm, and those who meddle
with them are represented as impracticable,
visionary, and even presumptuous. But never-
theless in this country we have freedom of
thought and freedom of discussiou, and so much
are we given to talk that all manner of themes
must be discussed whether well pleasing to all
who are compelled to hear or not. And as it is
not all talk with the American people, as they act
as well, and with indomitable will, courage, and
energy, it must be conceded that when they
do talk a portion, at least, is to be taken as
fraught with significance and deep seriousness
of purpose ; and to ignore the fact is unwise.
I propose, sir, now to trouble the House
with a few thoughts upon a subject of national
interest, the discussion of which has already
been commenced throughout the country, and
which must, in spite of its nnpalatableness in
some localities be discussed extensively within
these Halls. A question, sir, not entirely new
by any means, but brought forward now with
more earnestness of purpose and a more seri-
ous determination of will than ever heretofore ;
and the more correctly do I judge in this, as it
seems to me, for the reason that throughout
vast portions of this country the people of all
classes are themselves moved to the consider-
ation of the theme, and we, their constituents,
cannot ignore that which is felt by the sover-
eigns in their cities, villages, and farm-houses
to be of vast interest to themselves and to the
country.
I enter upon the discussion of this subject
the more willingly for the reason not only that
it meets my approval, hat for the further rea-
son, sir, that he who holds with the great people
of this country is not likely to be very far, at
least, from the line of public duty. The peo-
ple, we have felt during the recent years of
our eventful histoiy, are generally right in
their instincts and judgments, and'are a pretty-
certain index of inevitable tendencies and des-
tiny. What the enlightened public in this
country approve we may generally venture to
talk about and proceed to execute. At all
events, that which they do not approve or in-
cline to sustain their Representatives would be
wise to let alone. I refer, sir, to the removal
of the national capital. And it seems to me
that I am not premature in introducing this
subject, as the Committee on Appropriations
may soon be called upon to consider some
matters touching the ereetion of public works
in this city, which this question must in some
wise affect. It is well to know as early as pos-
sible whether or not the people of this country,
the people who own this Government and this
capital, who pay their money into the public
coffers, desire any additional expenditures ap-
plied to the erection of expensive public build-
ings in this city.
If this city of Washington, upon the verge
of the Government, is to be henceforth con-
sidered as the permanently located seat of
power I apprehend it is well to know that fact
as soon as possible and at once proceed to shape
our course here for the indefinite future. If it
is not to be the permanent capital of this vast
Republic, certainly it is not wise to expend the
people's money upon works that are soon to be
either torn down or abandoned. The people,
sir, it seems to me are expecting a removal;
they are desiring it; and feel that the very fit-
ness of things demands it, and are making up
their minds with wonderful rapidity thut it
must, it shall be done. I know, sir, that the
whole people are not as yet in perfect accord
upon this important subject. There are those
whose individual interests and convenience are
not exactly in accordance with this scheme,
and it is perhaps natural that men's interests
should very materially mold their opinions.
There are communities, and States also, that I
have no doubt would deeply at the present
deplore the success of this scheme, and are
ready to denounce it as the scheme of madmen
and utterly devoid of any substantial reasons
in its favor.
I suppose, sir, that all changes that have ever
been inaugurated hitherto have beon viewed
in the same light, and have seldom ever been
instituted without working detriment to the
interests of some one. Neither the early or
the later rains have fallen upon the earth, how-
ever parched and thirsty, without some one
being ardently desirous that a few more addi-
tional fair days might be vouchsafed. Fore-
thought, however, and industry might have
prepared them for the inevitable; and I will
say in reference to those who cry peace on this
subject when really there is no peace that
they would be wiser to forecast in reference to
inevitable destiny and prepare for that which
their own limited power can in nowise control.
It does seem to me when I look upon the map
of this country, when I contemplate its vast-
ness and its ever- increasing wealth and strength,
when I remember that westward the power
that is soon to control this mighty nation stead-
ily advances, that thitherward the teeming
millions who are destined to predominate in
molding our legislation are constantly tend-
ing, T really am amazed that any man should
cherish the belief that here ad infinitum is to
remain the metropolis of this mighty people.
Sir, the considerations that measurably con-
trolled the location of the capital at its present
site are the same that are indulged now in
reference to its future location. I believe that
in the early days of our existence, when the
question of locating the seat of Government
was under discussion, neither Boston nor Hart-
ford, Charleston nor Savannah, were aspirants
for the distinguished honor. And why, sir?
Simply because these places were not conven-
iently located or at all central with regard to
the original thirteen States; but, on the con-
trary, it was believed that some point on the
Susquehanna or Potomac would be more cen-
tral, and therefore more agreeable to the peo-
ple's sense of the fitness of things. A location
nearly central in reference to the wealth and
population of the country as it then existed
was thought to be exceedingly desirable, and
the present location was at that time sufficiently
near the center of wealth and population, lying
principally then on the Atlantic slope from
Maine to Georgia.
The capital could not remain at New York,
because that would be too far north to meet
the wishes of the States farther south. It could
not go to Philadelphia, for if this was not still
too remote from the center it would be giving
such an advantage to the city of Brotherly Love
as to arouse the jealousy and displeasure of the
people of New York, and hence, afternumerous
severe and exciting contests, it came to its pres-
ent location. Members from Virginia con-
tended that a place as nearly central as could
be agreed upon was proper, and to them this
appeared to be on the Potomac. It was held
by gentlemen from Pennsylvania tlia', a location
should be selected as near the center of wealth
and population as might be consistent with the
navigation of the Atlantic ocean and having
due regard to the particular situation of the
western country ; ar,d to them this central point
appeared to be the east bank of the Susque-
hanna, in the State of Pennsylvania.
And so the question was argued over and
over again, and never by any who participated
in the discussion was the notion lost sight of
that the center of population and wealth and
convenience in reference to the extent of terri-
tory should in a high degree control the ques-
tion ; and an attempt to place the seat of Govern-
ment on either extreme would have created
the most intense displeasure and would at that
time have greatly disturbed the harmony of
the States. Aud so earnest and intense was
this feeling that Mr. Madison himself intimated
that had any prophet arisen, in the Convention
that agreed upon the Union of the thirteen
States, to predict bad faith in this regard it was
questionable if the Union itself could have been
consummated. It is true that by many no very
considerable regard was had to the extended
and uninhabited territories then belonging to
the Government, as there was then only a feeble
conception of the rapid and unprecedented
growth and development of those territories
in wealth and population. Mr. Ames, of Mas-
sachusetts, I believe it was, stated that the Sus-
quehanna was the center of common conven-
ience, and said:
"West of tho Ohio is almost an immeasurable
wilderness. Gentlemen will pardon me if I think it
perfectly romantic to make this decision depend-
ent upon that chcumstanco. It would £ive me no
uneasiness to think that in a hundred years it would
be liable to be removed."
So little did he anticipate the wonderful his-
tory that the future was to unfold, that that
feature of the subject was to his mind a matter
of perfect indifference. The common con-
venience then with reference to the wealth
and population was the main consideration.
And yet, sir, the hundred years henee have
not yet expired, but lol in that immeasurable
wilderness, then the abode only of savage men
and wild beasts, scarcely as yet pressed by
the adventurous feet of scouts and pathfinders,
an empire has arisen immense in magnitude
and power, and there a life has been developed
more vigorous and enterprising and more preg-
nant of future greatness and grandeur than
the world ever contemplated before. Could
all this have been then foreseen we should
have had many strong utterances from these
men from which to quote, showing that as they
were then located with reference to the common
convenience and the center ol wealth aud popu-
lation they could not have thought otherwise
than that the future growth and expansion
would inevitably wield a controlling influence
over this question.
Sir, it has been contended by some that this
subject has now no vital qualities, for the rea-
son that there is a constitutional difficulty in
the way. It will be remembered, however, tlrnt
in 1808 a bill was introduced for the removal
of the capital to Baltimore. Then the consti-
tutional objection was raised and debated. Mr.
John Quincy Adams, of Massachusetts, it ap-
pears did, with some others, consider the meas-
ure as in the face of the Constitution, a clear
violation of its provisions. Others equally as
reliable in construing that instrument were as
strongly of the opinion that no constitutional
difficulties were in the way of the removal of
the seat of Government; and the records of that
period of our history clearly demonstrate that
opinion greatly preponderated against the views
of Mr. Adams. Mr. Jackson, of Georgia, at that
time went so far as to predict that in the distant
future it was inevitable. I shall quote some of
his utterances on that subject. He said:
" The time would come, though be hoped to God
that neither his children nor his children's children
would live to see it, when the population on Una
side of the Mississippi would pass that nver, and.the
scat of Government would be translated to its hanks.
