672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
But he said further that—
"Centuries would, however, elapse before that
period arrived."
And here again we are reminded by the words
last quoted how utterly unconscious the great
men ofthose times were of the astounding rap-
idity with which those vast fields of tho West,
to them almost asyetunknown and inadequate-
ly explored, should be developed, and in less
than one hundred years a work has been accom-
plished, a - development secured which they
contemplated either as chimerical or discov-
ered only in the dim distance of coming cen-
turies, after that the records of their families
had perished and the last lingering lone one
had gone to his final resting place.
Again, sir, it will be remembered that at a
later date, in 1814 I believe, upon the first
assembling of Congress after this city was
sacked and its public buildings were burned
with a large proportion of its private buildings,
presenting a humiliating and disgraceful deso-
lation, another attempt was made to remove
the national capital, prompted in part, I have
no doubt, by the fear which we have since most
painfully realized, that in case of foreign inva-
sion or an attempt to possess it by a hostile
force so peculiarly is the present location ex-
posed that it would cost an immense expend-
iture of the nation's strength to defend it. At
that time the constitutional question was again
elaborately discussed, and though the project
then failed by a vote of 83 to 74, yet the opin-
- ion that no constitutional difficulties or objec-
1 tions existed again greatly preponderated, and
some of the most able lawyers in that assembly
sh-enuously contended that the fifth section of
article one expressly admits and regulates the
power of removal.
Again, sir, in 1846 the city of Alexandria
memorialized the Virginia Legislature in order
to secure its consent to the retrocession of that
portion of the District of Columbia which had
been ceded by that State to the General Gov-
ernment. This proposition that Legislature
at once acceded to by a unauimous vote, and
accordingly during that same year a bill to that
effect was passed by the House of Representa-
tives after a protracted and animated discus-
sion, during which the constitutional objectioh
was scarcely alluded to or regarded. But in
the Senate, on the contrary, that feature of the
question was really the point upon which the
debate mainly turned. Hei-e, again, some of
the mostconsiderable minds who had ever helda
placein that honorable body declared that after a
most careful examination of the subject they
were clear in the opinion that there were no pro-
visions agreed upon at the time of the establish-
ment of the seat of Government, and when the
cession of certain territory was made for that
purpose, that denies the power to Congress to
retrocedo any or all of that territory at its
pleasure, and asserted and maintained that the
right to remove the capital was incontestible.
And, sir, it seems to me if we can regard
any question which has been in dispute as defi-
nitely determined this may be so held and con-
sidered. And there remains, therefore, this
feature alone for discussion, namely, that of
expediency. Do any great national interests
demand the removal, or are there any real,
substantial national interests demanding that
this city shall through all coming time con-
tinue to be the seat of Government? I know
of no interest that appeals in behalf of the pres-
ent location being continued as the permanent
seat of Government more potently than the
expense and temporary inconvenience attend-
ing the removal. This is a matter to be con-
sidered by the tax-payers of the country. If
incurring this expense should be absolutely
repulsive to their feelings, then I imagine it
will not be incurred. If on the contrary they
say move, the matter of expense is inconsider-
able when we look at the immense resources
from which the means necessary for carrying
out the project is derived. I believe the entire
expense already incurred in the erection of
public buildings and for the improvement of
public grounds and works of art is only about
thirty-eight million dollars, but a small fraction
more than one tenth of the present annual
receipts of the Treasury of the United States.
A' little more than the people pay into the
national Treasury in one monthhas constructed
all these magnificent public works.
The Government owns here now five hun-
dred and seventy-eight acres of land, and it
would be an extravagant estimate to place its
value at $1,000,000. Now, admit that the pub-
lic buildings are worth one half more than they
have cost in the first place,we shall then have
the sum of $58,000,000 as the estimated value
of public property owned by the Government
in this city, which is less than the income of
two months of the fiscal year closing with the
80th of June, 18G9. Now, if all these public
buildings and grounds should be wholly aban-
doned or given to the city to make such dis-
posal of them as the inhabitants thereof might
see fit, it would after all be but a small con-
sideration for such a people as we have in this
country. The libraries and works of art, the
archives, papers, furniture, and other movable
property, could be transferred at a trifling ex-
pense. But, sir, the materials of which these
buildings are constructed can be taken down
and transported and used again to good ac-
count in the construction of new, more ele-
gant, and more commodious structures, thereby
very materially diminishing the sum of expend-
itures. The consideration of expense is so
small,when we consider the immense present
and prospective wealth from which it is to be
drawn, that I deem it entirely unnecessary to
elaborate that consideration. It seems to me
that no one can find in this an insurmountable
argument against the project. What further
reasons, then, can be given why the capital
should remain here ?
I am of the opinion, Mr. Speaker, that the
fancy has much influence over this question.
Whoever visits this city and views its magnifi-
cent public buildings, whoever walks through
the portals of this grand edifice, counts its splen-
did columns, or ascends its lofty Dome feels
proud of his country' sgreatness. Whenhe visits
the diftarent Departments and contemplates the
immensity of the work that is annually done
here in the interests of the people, and the
order and convenience that everywhere pre-
vail, a sort of reverential awe as well as admi-
ration, a sort of sacred regard steals upon
his thoughts, and he feels that it would be too
bad to mar all this beauty: that none but ruth-
less hands could venture to displace these mas-
sive columns and demolish that magnificent
Dome.
_ It wopld be revolting to the mind, I admit,
sir, if it were not in contemplation to have
these all spring forth again into a new and
more glorious life, to gladden the eyes of the
American people and more completely com-
mand and attract their admiration. One nat-
urally dislikes to pull down the house in which
he has lived and seen many happy and pros-
perous days; but when once it is done, and the
old rubbish is cleared away and the new edifice
stands forth in its handsome proportions a thing
of beauty, convenience, and comfort, and the
debts are all paid, the mind, satisfied and at
rest, no longer grieves over the old demolished
structure, formerly so much admired as the
only home that sheltered it. So it would
eventuate in the consummation of the project
we are now discussing.
But there is still something else that appeals
to our sensibilities and works upon the imagin-
ations of some favorable to retaining the capi-
tal in its present location. I refer to the
associations that cluster about this city and
contiguous localities ; and these feelings, per-
haps, in the estimation of some, we outrage
to-day when wo venture to mention that .such
a scheme as that which we advocate has the
slightest possibility of success. Here I know
the giants of this land for seventy years have
met in solemn council and engaged in high
debate upon the loftiest themes that ever in-
spired the tongue of eloquence. Here, men
of as sublime characters and lordly, intellects
as ever graced the Roman forum have con-
tributed to throw around this Capitol an awe
and reverence which must-command respect,
though the very spot in which their nobleness
was displayed should be remanded back into
its native wildness.
In this vicinity lie buried dead heroes who
have shed luster upon their country's name,
and whose memories the people delight to
honor; and not far distant was buried that
purest of patriots, whose name is a talisman
in every land where liberty is loved, and who
is justly styled the Father of his Country, and
his grave is among us to this day ; and we are
asked how can we abandon a spot so sacred to
the American people. And isit not extremely
befitting that the great eity of our pride and
beauty should be near that consecrated ground ?
As worthless really as these considerations are,
I feel that they are to have their influence in
deciding this question.
But let us look at them for a moment. That
we may retain all the sacred metaories of the
past it is not necessary that we should abide
by the tombs of dead patriots, heroes, and
statesmen ; and we have in this country had a
significant proof of the truth of this declar-
ation. In sections most remote from these
consecrated localities, about which itisclaimed
that memory clings with such devotion and
sacred regard, the remembrance of our great
benefactors has been ever devoutly cherished.
On the distant lakes, and along our western
rivers, and in obscure hamlets their names are
as familiar and as fondly lisped as among the
inhabitants who live hard by the spots where
their honored remains now repose; and the
principles which were dear to them while livi ng,
and the advocacy and defense of which made
them endeared at home and renowned abroad,
are, if possible, more deeply imbedded in the
hearts of the people throughout all those dis-
tant regions. Not long since these regions
round about, so sacred to memory and so dear
to patriotic heroes, were filled with traitors
in league with traitors to overthrow the grand
fabric of free government which our dead patri-
ots had reared by their unselfish toil; and
though born and bred near the tomb of Wash-
ington they clutched fiendishly at the throat of
the nation, and were never more delighted than
when they were trailing its ensign in the dust.
To rescue this capital and all that was sacred
in these historic places from worse than vandal
hands—from rebellious men who had aposta-
tized from the faith of their fathers, and who upon
the ruins of free government struggled to erect
another whose corner-stone should be that of
human slavery—hither the people rushed from
the East, and from the North, and from the
West; and animated by that same sublimedevo-
tion to justice and liberty which had ever ani-
mated their honored dead, saved these places,
the saeredness of which are now constantly
paraded before us, from eternal disgrace.
Away then, I say, with an argument so flimsy
and worthless ; but if it is insisted upon, I might
as a set-off mention that in the regions west
of the mountains also rest the honoredremains
of great ones whose names pale not amid the
splendor of the greatest lights that have ever
adorned the pages of American history; and
especially in my own honored State there re- ■
poses to-day all that was mortal of one about
whose name memory clings as fondly as that
of the Father of his Country, and about that
spot, henceforth and forever consecrated, shall
gather generations yet unborn from every sec-
tion of this great nation to honor the name of
Abraham Lincoln.
But, Mr. Speaker, I must now pass to notice
some of the indications which seem to justify
