1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
OT
proclaimed by our very instincts, forming one
of the chief bases of human society, and the
successful maintenance of which is the surest
guarantee of individual prosperity and happi-
ness and of progress in general development,
social reforms, and civil government.' It is
the great law of fair 'play—equal protection,
manly competition for all in the race of enter-
prise and life. I am not able to conceive a
single valid or logical reason which makes it
any more proper in itself or any more benefi-
cial to society for the Government to furnish
its paper money or any other kind of money
to a bank to enable it to do business and earn
profits than to any other citizens engaged in
any other lawful and useful enterprises. The
policy of the Government toward the national
banks in these respects appears to me to involve
a principle of iniquitous and odious favoritism,
sustained by no principle of sound public pol-
icy, promotive of no public interest that could
not be mere efi'eetivelypromotedin other ways,
and that it is continually liable to work injustice
to the people, to disturb the healthful equi-
librium of the national finances, to corrupt
legislation, to encourage illegitimate ventures
and speculation, and injure the public morals.
Let whatever currency the country possesses,
whether good or bad, belong to all" the people.
So far as tho currency is based upon credit, is
made of rags, Jet it rest for security upon the
responsibility and honor of the whole country
directly and without any circumlocution. Let
legitimate banking be Iree as air, and let all
men who bank do it upon their own individual
honest means. Such a policy coulu not fail to
promote directly and powerfully every great
interest of society and Government. The Gov-
ernment could then in all sections of the coun-
try more easily maintain a just equilibrium in
the amount of its circulating medium; o; rather,
left free to the operation of the natural laws
of trade, of supply and demand, the currency
would then seek its own equalization through-
out tho country. It would then be os vain and
fruitless to attempt by legislation of Congress
to redistribute the gold and silver, or silk and
jewelry, or cigars and whisky of the country,
as to determine where tho greenbacks should
go. They would then, under the great .self-
created and self-executing laws of business,
regulate themselves. The concentration of the |i
currency in the great financial centers would ij
certainly be less, audits diffusion ihionghout ;|
the country greater. 'j
The extent and power of thi-: gient in-aiicial '
monopoly cannot be more forcibly indicated 'j
than by tho more cLitemont of the p regain I ,j
fact that the chief national banking 1 iw i>oars '!
date June 1861, and the average lifetime o'f ,
the banks now in existence eruinol eteoe.l five i
years : and yet, on an t.ggregaio capital owned \
by those in the city of New ifork alone o!
$73,218,100, they have deelared average an- .j
nual dividends of over twelve per ■'•Mt,. and in a
October last their aggregate sou-plus funds and
undivided profi's amounted to P28,7Gl,fi"i";
being equal to nearly forty j.tr /eid. on their
capital in net earnings, in addition to the t<-;n-
erous dividends already distributed t-j their '
stockholders ; and the report of tho Comptro!- I
ierof tho Currency recently made iJiows the j
aggregate capita! of all the banks in tho coon- \
try in October last to have been $126,309,] 51, j
and tho aggregate amount of their surplus j
funds and undivided profits to have been S12o,- |j
852,0o5, very nearly thirty per cent, on their j:
entire capital; and yet they have also distrib- j!
uted average annual dividends of not less than ;i
twelve per cent. There is no legitimate pur- jj
suit in our country based upon capital or cap- |j
ital and labor, and not fostered by partial and j!
dishonest class legislation, whose risk is so
inconsiderable and whoso earnings tiro so sure,
uniform, and munificent.
Estimating their future by their past, their
capital will absolutely reproduce itself in net
earnings ii> ea.eh rorM of fbout T.-rn \ tJis
The vast capital invested in railroads, cotton
manufactures, woolen manufactures, boot and
shoe making, and kindred enterprises, does not
approximate such results. The common in-
dustries of the people, after the payment of
their onerous taxes, produce comparatively
trifling net earnings. It is the habit of the
defenders of the bank monopoly to boast that
the banks pay liberal taxes to support the
Government; but they pay no municipal taxes,
no taxes on their bonds, and no greater taxes
, in other respects than like investments in other
| financial pux-suits. Besides, however much they
' pay, their burdens do not impair their success
or affect the certainty and magnificence of their
net profits. The practical results are a full
answer to all their professions in regard to the
payment of au undue proportion of taxes. The
truth is the whole system is a stupendous wrong,
resting on a vicious principle of favoritism, and
should be immediately changed and stripped of
its exclusive and unequal prerogatives, and left
to prosper as it may under equal laws and in
fair competition.
This brings rno properly to indicate what can
be done to inaugurate such a policy. This T
will do briefly, but I trust clearly. The na-
tional banking law is by its terms subject at
ail times to repeal or amendment. No ques-
tion of morals or public faith requires its contin-
uance or forbids its amendment. The country
owes an enormous public debt, immensely ag-
gravated in amount by the vicious currency
fostered by thfee banks. That debt bears high
and onerous rates of interest, and its principal
and interest must be paid in good faith, accord-
ing to the requirements of the laws and the
contracts. The public welfare demands that
it shall be paid or reduced as rapidly as prac-
ticable, without too greatly taxing the industry
and property of the people. To promote these
ends and establish the principles to which I
have referred let the laws be so amended as
to require the national banks, within such a
reasonable time as shall prevent any shock or j
serious disturbance of the business of the couu- !
try, to call in and surrender to the Government j
for cancellation every dollar of tho national j
bank bills issued to them, and receive from i
the Government their deposited bonds, to do j
with them what they please; but let them, j
under their present organizations, continue to j
carry on the business of legitimate banking on '
the principles which T have indicated, if they-j
desire so to do. \
If they do not surrender their bills within
the time required let them be charged interest j
on all not, returned at the rate received by them 1
from the Govermaenton their deposited bonds, j
to be retained by the Government out of the :
interest due to them on the latter. Authorize |
die Secretary of the Treasury, within the same 1
r;-tl;.onable ti'ivjc, to create an additional amount
of greenback currency exactly equal to the I
national bank currency so surrendered and j
canceled, and use the former and put it into
circulation by redeeming, after reasonable ,
notice to thi: holders, an equivalent amount at j
par, dollar for dollar, of the six per cent, gold j
interest-bearing five-twenty bonds, redeemable ■
rdter five years, at the option of the Govern- ;
went, and payable after twenty years from May '
j 1, 1882. of which the total amount now out- '
i standing and subject to redemption at any time ■■
is $-314,771,600, as shown by tho last debt •
statement. During the current year there^will
becomc redeemable S536,826,200 more of the
,:ame classes of bonds. These bonds should ;
be redeemed in the order in which they were
sold by the Government. That order can be j
easily ascertained from their registration m the ,
J)ppa rtmcnt, and they can be intelligibly desig- ;
r.ated by their dates, numbers, ar.d series in '
the advertisements of the Secretary tor their ,j
return for redemption. If they are not re-
turned in the time required, then they should •'
cease to bear interest' and others should be j
i
The principal of the bonds referred to is
payable in the common currency of the conn-
try, not in gold, until, by wiser legislation and
financial management, gold becomes again &
part of that currency. This policy would in-
volve no breach of faith, violate no law or eon-
tract, and do no injustice to the holder of the
bonds. It would save to the people near twenty
million dollars in gold interest annually which
justly belongs to them, and to which the banks
are not entitled upon any principle of rational
policy or morality. It would lead-neither to
inflation nor-contraction of the currency in its
actual amount, and would not materially dis-
turb the business of the country. It would,
however, set free and incorporate into the active
currency of the country the present bank-re-
serves, and to that extent practically and I think
very beneficially inflate the currency. These
reserves .omount to about seventy million dol-
lars under tho practical working of the system,
but in theory of the law to a good deal more.
It would not unjustly or materially depreciate,
the public securities so redeemable, but it
would inspire the bondholders with a whole-
some interest in and solicitude for the restor-
ation of a healthy and sound currency for the
whole country. It would place all banking
institutions for the first time in our history on
an equal and legitimate footing. It would
make them all more faithful and effective Con-
servators of financial order and stability, and
promoters of more safe, useful, and legitimate
enterprise and commerce. It would reduce
the burdens on the people, make practicable a
large reduction in taxation, and thus aid very
materially in the great work of reestablishing
general prosperity and productive industry in
our country. It would hasten the period when
there can be a safe and eapy return to spoon-
But equality and justice demand another
reform, the accomplishment of which on fair
and just principles would save other millions
to the people and effectively aid in the reduc-
tion of taxation and the relief of national pro-
duction. The most indisputable axiom in
republican government requires that all citizen s
who enjoy its protection shall contribute a
reasonable share in taxation toward its sup-
port. This fundamental truth is stubbornly
disregarded by Radical legislators. All the
public securities of the country, State, rauniei
pal and corporate, are taxed, except the bonds
issued by the United States. These are not,,
and by State authority cannot be; but they are
clearly subject to congressional taxation. Their
express exemption from State and municipal
taxation fairly implies their legal liability to
taxation by Congress. This conclusion the
majority in this House are estopped to question,
because by themselves these securities are now
taxed on their incomes, making a very incon-
siderable tax, it is true, but fully establishing
the power of Congress to tax them in its discre-
tion. The validity of the income tax has been
several times affirmed by the Supreme Court.
Why, then, do not the boasted friends of the
people, the pretended defenders and ministers
of equality, so legislate as to require tbeownera
of the vast amount of values represented by the
public securities of the Federal Government to
pay a reasonable and fair proportion of the
expense of that Government? The people will
ask no more. Indeed, they will be content if
the bondholders are compelled to even approx-
imate fairness in their contributions. But if
they are not, let them remember that persistent
unfairness and inequality breed discontent, and
discontent resistance at length. Laws which
violate the instinctive perceptions of justice in
the popular mind cannot be too soon amended
or repealed.
Mr. Speaker, the adoption or these great
and indispensable reforms^ would enable the
Government speedily to lift from the weary
backs of the people more than one hundred
million dollars of annual taxation, and many
