680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
17. It was amended in the Senate by striking
out the portion fixing the location on the banks
of the Susquehanna, and inserting instead
thereof Germantown, Pennsylvania, which was
agreed to by the House with a slight amend-
ment concerning the laws to be in force in said
district. This slight amendment postponed
the final action until the next session 01 Con-
gress; during which the act of July 10, 1790,
locating the seat of Government on the Poto-
mac, was passed.
Before attempting to explain this sudden
cjiange, allow me to remark that an examina-
tion of the debates on this subject will show
that notwithstanding the strong local prefer-
ences the idea of a central position was admit-
ted throughout to be the principle that, should
govern in the selection. As evidence of the
correctness of this statement I will make a few
extracts from these debates as found in the
annals of Congress.
Mr. Scott, who introduced the original res-
olution, remarked that—
"It holds out this general idea: that the sent of
fho Fodoral Government ought to be fixed at the
most central place with respect to population anil
territory, having an equal regard to the Atlantio and
the western parts of this Union."
Allow mo, Mr. Speaker, to anticipate some-
what and ask where this rule would carry it uo w ?
Mr. Jackson, of Georgia, stated it as his
opinion—
"That the place of the seat of Govermnont was
important in every view. It might be compared to
the heart of the human body; it was the center from
whioh the principles of life wero oarriod to the ex-
tremities, and from these it may return with pre-
cision."
I regret that all the Georgia politicians have
not been animated by this same Union senti-
ment of their early father.
Mr. Ames, of Massachusetts, although desir-
ing a postponement, admitted—
"That in his opinion the center of Government
ought to bo a center of convenience and utility; that
the heart should be so placed as to propel the blood
to the extremities with the most equable and gentle
motion."
I might quote as coinciding in these views
the remarks of the various members of the
House who took part in the debate, svi Sher-
man, Lee, Hartley, Tucker, &c., showing a
unanimity of sentiment in regard to the great
principle of justice, notwithstanding local pre-
judices and local interests. But I shall con-
tent myself with one more, which is as follows:
"With respect, however, to the Federal Govern-
ment there is one considers tinn that shows in a pecu-
liar manner tho necessity and policy of paying strict
attention to this principle. Ouo ol the ^route^t ob-
jections which has been made by the opponcnH of
tho system, which has hem oltowed irost wc.i£V. by
its friends, is the extent of the Unii ml l-stato^ It iris
been asserted by some, and almost feared by others,
that within so groat a space no froo government can
exist. X hopo and trost that the opinion is erroucoiii;
but at the same time I acknowledge it to have h eel -
tain degree of force, and it is incumbent upon those
who wish well to the Union to diminish th'is incon-
venience as much as possible. The way to diminish
it is to place the Government in that spot which will
be least removed from overy part of (he empire."—
Vol. 1, p. 893.
Such, Mr. Speaker, is the language of Mr.
Madison, who understood the fundamental
principles and organic law of our Government
as well as any man of his day, and I might say
of the present. If this was true then, when
hearts were united in their desire to perpetuate
the institution of our Union, and our territory
comparatively small, with how much mora force
will the argument apply now, when we have
just emerged from a terrible intestine war and
our territory is vastly increased. If true then,
when but a few States lined the Atlantic const
and our western borders only reached tho Mis-
sissippi, how much more applicable now, when
our nation stretches from ocean to ocean, and
populous States lie at each extremity and clus-
ter thick in the valley between?
But the question may be asked, if there was
such unanimity on this point, what brought
about the sudden change from Pennsylvania
to the banks of the Potomac ? Mr. Jefferson,
who was well posted in regard to all tljo ivW
of politicians, reveals the secret in his corre-
spondence. lie tells us thatthegreat and try-
ing question of the day was the assumption of
the Stale debts. The northern members favored
the measure, while the southern members,
with the exception of Mr. Smith, of South
Carolina, opposed it. The southern influence
defeated the measure, which aroused intense
feeling, verging on disruption. Hamilton ap-
pealed to J efferson to assist him in bringing
about a compromise. This was done by the
northern 'wing agreeing to give the South the
seat of Government.
This, Mr. Speaker, is the true secret of the
sudden change, a change which perhaps has
had more to do with shaping tho political
history of our country than would ba at first
imagined. Who can tell how much this has
had to do with the influence Virginia statesmen
have exerted over our national affairs? Who
cun say how much influence this has had in
retaining upon our political escutcheon the blot
of slavery? If tho national capital had been
placed in Pennsylvania, as the majority really
desired, who can say that when the slavery
line had passed south of it its power would
not much sooner have been destroyed? But
hanging at Washington as its political rallying
point, despite the mighty wave of freedom that
was sweeping down from the North, it was not
until the increasing power of the west joined
its forces, bringing her noble Lincoln, that tho
stronghold was taken: and he, Mr. Speaker,
suffered martyrdom at his post on this spot.
The proclamation of freedom may be said
to be written in blood. Although true and
loyal hearts are here as well as elsewhere, the
sooner wo tear loose from the last remnants
of this pernicious influence the better. Not
that I would say one word against the honesty
aud purity of the revolutionary fathers, who
planted the seat of Government here, for I love
and revere their memory as much as any one.
Yet they were but men, and although almost
inspired, yea, I was about to say almost divine,
they eouid not penetrate the future with pro-
photic eyes and see the vast strides that Govern-
ment they were founding was destined to make.
History taught them uo such lesson. Let us be
thankful for the noble legacy they left us, and
being instructed by that experience we have
had let us strive to adopt such measures as
shall moot the wants of our vast country.
It has been said that tho man whawould pro-
pose this chauge from personal consideration
deserves the execrations of the country. This
ii true, sir. T?u* when national considerations
require it, when justice to the great mass of a
mighty people demand it, the statesman who
will hold his peace, from local interests, like-
wise deserves tho execrations of the coun-
try. Three quarters of a century have wrought
changes in our land which no statesman or
historian could foresee. The first epoch of our
history has closed and we are entering upon the
second, and the great vital central questions of
our national being come up anew for considera-
tion.
i'o-'.stitutionality.
As the question of constitutionality may and
doubtless will be raised against any action on
the part of Congress to remove the seat of Gov-
ernment, I will devote a few moments to the
consideration of this point; for if this objec-
tion should be considered a valid one the
whole matter is closed, and all argument as to
practicability and expediency is unnecessary.
The clause of t'ae Constitution which relates to
this matter, as all are aware, reads a,-; follows:
" shaH have po'ver to exercise exclusive
lwi.-iafuin in u.H c ises whosoever over such dis-
tiiot (not c.vi.ee;hny ten miles square,! as may, by
<*<?-sion of particular States and the acceptance of
f'nnzcv!-", becoiao the so?', of tlivcrnnx'ni, of the
\jni:ed States 1
^vhat va.; the cbiei design of the framers of
the Constitution iu inserting thj-j clause? As
has been asserted by more than one of the
expounders of this instrument, it was that
Congress might h> to prole.-1 iisr-lf again;4
the influence of the State within whose bounds
its sessions should be held. This was doubt-
less the great thought in mind when the words
were inserted; and it is highly probable the
disgraceful scene at Philadelphia in 1783 sug-
gested the necessity for such a clause.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if tJhe _ constitutional
objection has any force in it, it must be on
this principle: that the power in relation to
selecting and fixing the seat- of Government
having been once exercised, is executed and
exhausted. As this clause is contained in the
long list of enumerated powers bestowed upon
Congress, we have no reason for holding it is
exhausted when exercised more than any of
the rest, unless that reason can .be found in
the clause itself. Whatever bears upon it
exteriorly, to limit its meaning and operation,
bears equally upon every other power granted
in the same section, unless expressly applied
to this. Therefore, if there is a reason to
believe the power granted by this clause^ of
Congress is exhausted by its first exercise,
that reason must be sought in the language of
the clause ; and as the presumption is in favor
of perpetuity in all cases of power granted
legislative bodies by organic law, it is incum-
bent upon the objector to show the opposite;
the onus probandi falls on him.
Under this clause how does a particular spot
become the seat of Government ? Is it by the
cession of territory by particular States to the
General Government, by the acceptance of
Congress by the two combined or by that
specific act of Congress declaring it shall be?
No one will contend for a single moment that
the simple act of a State ceding jurisdiction
over a given territory under the limitations of
this clause will fix the seat of Governmentthere.
Such a position would be absurd. But those
who hold that the power of Congress under
this clause when once exercised is exhausted
must and do hold that the cession by the States
aud acceptance by Congress irrevocably fix
the seat of the General Government at the
place thus ceded and accepted. Aud to show
that I state the position of the advocates of
this principle correctly I will quote the lan-
guage of the honorable Senatorfrom Michigan,
[Mr. Howard,] who in 1866 held that the seat
of Government could not be constitutionally
movod from its present location, and I suppose
holds the same view now. In the Globe of J uly
11, page S7S7,1 find his words recorded as fol-
lows :
" It [tho seat of Government] is fixed here in per-
manenoy because the Constitution fixes it here. I
do not say that such is the express language, but
that such is tho inevitable inference from the lan-
guage. How can it be otherwise? Oongrcss shall
exercise exclusive jurisdiction in all cases over such
district as may
How?
"' by cession of particular States and acceptance of
Congress becomo the seat of Government.' It is the
cession and the acceptance that constitute it the
seat of Government, and the cession and acceptance
both depend upon the Constitution. which imparts
to Congress the right and the power to perform these
two acts; and it is in its very nature as permanent as
the clause itself under which the power is claimed."
This, Mr. Speaker, is a clear, open, and
candid avowal of the only consistent interpret-
ation of this clause the advocates of the con-
stitutional objection can take ; that the ccssion
by tho States and the acceptance by Congress
fix tho placo. And without stopping to com-
ment upon the singular position the honorable
Senator places himself in by assuming tho
! power is exhausted by its first exorcise and
I afterward speaking of the permanency of tho
| clause, I will at once enter upon the discus
! siou of the merits of the position,
I Let us recur to the history of the selection
of the present location and see what will he
the effect of this view -when applied to the
action of Congress at that time. In 1789 Vir-
ginia aud Maryland passed the acts granting
the territory to the United States,_ any plact,
within their respective bounds, limiting tho lat-
ter only by the constitutional restriction to tea
