1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
miles square ; not a mere offer that required
subsequent action, (I am aware of the pecu-
liar shape of the action of Maryland and its
subsequent act,) but such a cession as Con-
gress felt and decided could be accepted, and
which left it to complete the transfer by select-
ing and accepting the place. On the 16th day
of July, 1790, Congress passed the act defin-
ing and accepting the territory desired, the
first section of which reads as follows :
- " That a district of territory not exceeding ten
miles square, to bo located as hereafter diroctod, on
the river Potomac, atsome place between the mouths
of tho Eastern Branch and Connogochegue, be, and
the same in hereby, accepted for tho permanent seat
of Government of the United States."
Although the exact lines are not given, yet
the extreme limits up and down the Potomac
are as clearly defined as its position on the
river. It was to be "on the River Potomac ''
and " between the mouths of tho East Branch
and Connogochegue."
According to the theory of the honorable
Senator from Michigan, and all who hold with
him, that Congress could act but once under
this clause of the Constitution, its power was
now exhausted; it had accepted; and the com-
missioners, under the direction of the Presi-
dent, were to "survey, and by proper metes
and bounds define and limit a district of terri-
tory under the limitations above mentioned
for these are the words of the act itself. It
was therefore the duty of the Chief Executive
and commissioners to carry out the require-
ments of this act, and any neglect on his or
their part could not change or affect the law.
But'on the 3d day of March, 1791, Congress,
not having the fear of the Constitution before
their eyes, passed an act to amend this irrevo-
cable act, in the following words :
" That so much of tho act entitled ' Ail act for
establishing tho temporary and permanent scat of
the Government of the United States' as requires
that the whole of thodistriotof territory not exceed-
ing ten miles square, to be locatod on Uieriver'Poto-
mac for the permanent seat of the Government of tho
United States shall be located above the mouth of
the Eastern Branch, be and is hereby repealed, and
that it shall be lawful forthe President to make any
part of tho territory below the said limit and above
the mouth of Hunting creek a part of the said dis-
trict, so as to include a convenient part of the East-
ern Branch and of the lands lying on the lower side
thereof, and also tho town of Alexandria; and tho
territory so to be included shall lorm a part of the
district, not exceeing ten miles siuare, for the per-
manent seat of the Government of the United States,
in like manner and to all intents and purposes as it
the same had been within the purview of the above
reoited act.''
It was under this amended act that the Dis-
trict of Columbia was really laid off and estab-
lished, thereby changing every limitation in
the first act save that requiring it to ha on the
Potomac river, leaving out territory that must
have been included by that act, and including
territory wholly without the limits therein con-
templated.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if the power cf Congress
under this clause of the Constitution was exer-
cised and exhausted by the first act, (for if
exercised properly, according to the foregoing
theory it must have been exhausted,) then this
amendatory aet was a nullity, and tho territory
for the seat of Government never has been
established by proper metes and bounds, and
Congress has"been exercising jurisdiction over
territory without authority since February 27,
1801, a period of sixty-eight years.
If Congress had power under the Constitu-
tion to pass the amendatory Jict sliding the
whole District two or three miles down the
river, varying the fixed limits oi the first act,
then it had 'power to have gone to Harper's
Verry, Baltimore, or Richmond, or in fact to
any other place within any State ceding terri-
tory. If it had power in 1791 to repeal or
amend that part of the first act fixing the loca-
tion it has power to do the same thing now.
Nor can tho force of this argument be evaded
by saying that the act of 1790 was preliminary
and incomplete, It was made and intended
as a full and complete acceptance of territory
under tho clause of tho Constitution granting
this power to Congress. If the act of Mary-
land, November, 1783. was not a sufficient
grant, then both the acts of Congress of 1790
and 1791 were null and void so far as the ac-
ceptance of territory in Maryland was con-
cerned. "And moreover, the second act rec-
ognizes the first act as having fixed the loca-
tion, and therefore uses the word "repealed."
xVnd tho accepting clause is found only in the
first act.
There, is a wide difference, Mr. Speaker,
between a supplemental act passed for the
purpose of carrying out the provisions of a
previous one and an amendatory act that re-
peals the chief clause or section of a previous
one. The truth is that this theory, although
held by men of undoubted ability, is erroneous.
The location of the seat of the General Gov-
ernment is fixed and determined by that act of
Congress declaring it shall be so located, and
ordering the offices and sessions there. Sup-
pose the first section only of the act of July
16, 1790, had been passed, would it have
been the duty of the officers to repair to the
Potomac with the archives? Certainty not.
The law would have been incomplete and inop-
erative in this respect, though good as an act
of acceptance. It was the sixth section that
carried the Government, the officers, &C., to
the Potomac :
"Sfo. 6. A nd be it further exacted, Thaton the siiil
first Monday m Docomber, in the year 1800, the seat
of tho Government, of the United States shall, by
virtue of this act, bo transferred to tho district and
place aforesaid, and all offices attached to the said
seat of Government shall accordingly be removed
thereto by their respective holders, and shall, alter
the said day, cease to bo oxen-iscd clsewhero."
Mr. Speaker, this section was necessary to
fix the time of such removal, but it was noces-
sary to authorize the officers to act. Ir, is, in
fact, the law that brought the seat of Govern-
ment to this place.
If I am correct iu tiiis position, then this
whole constitutional objection falls to the
ground; for if the location of tho seat of Gov-
ernment is lixed, not by the simple acts of
cessions by States and acceptance by Con-
gress, but by that express act or section declar-
ing it shall be so fixed or transferred, then
most assuredly Congress can repeal such act
anu fix it at another locality.
Mr. Madison certainly understood the Con-
stitution as well as any man of his day, and
perhaps of the present, lie was also a strong
advocate of the present locality on the Poto-
mac. Yet in a speech on this subject, made in
the House .Inly 1790, he makes the follow-
ing admission :
' " it U said that before the ten yeaiv expired, repeal
o-f tho act may take place, and thus Con^roSb oe kept
at Philadelnhia. tint what wore can wo do than
pass a law for tiiH purpew It i * not in our power
to guard against a repeal. I !ur acts are not. like those
of tiiu Medea and Pi rsian-i, unalterable. A repeal ij
a thing an.'in-1 winch no pro-. Ui'tn < a u bo mane. If
thi< ib an obi yet ion it ;my hnv that
tan be pa-^O'l."—Annul* ,J Omgrem. vol.).
And who is I'nere in this House to-uay that
will have the temerity to inarch directly in_the
very l'acc of the man m whoso mind the Con-
stitution in all probability had its birth, and
whose pen doubtless gave it 1orm ?
Sir, a permanent seat of Government is not
required by the Constitution, i t nowhere ex-
pressly vests Congress with power to establish
such a permanent seat, it was^ penned with
great precision and care, and it it had been
. the intention of the framers of this instrument
to guard the scat of Government by constitu-
tional ramparts, would ihey have lelt that idea
of permanency to be inferred by a course of
subtle reasoning? No- sir; they would have
fixed it beyond cavil. The right to fix a seat
of Government is not derived from any express
grant, nor is if necessary it should be. This
necessarily belongs to a Government on its cre-
ation by force of general principles inherent
and essential to the legislative power: and us
has been said by one much abler than myself:
"From these principles ii inevitably result.- that
gvsry legislative power ;f F'&rb! 1" 'oral'.
itself, to prescribe and regulate its times and places
of meeting, at its will and pleasure, unless restrained
by the constitutional instrument; hence it was not
necessary to confer such powers by express grant."
Who can believe that it was the intention of
the framers of that instrument to grant such
despotic power to any one Congress—power
to fetter and imprison the Government with-
out regard to the mighty changes, progress, and
alterations which should take place ? It is con-
trary to the very foundation principles of repub-
lican Governments. It is true that the word
permanent is used in the acts locating it here,
but if by this the Congress passing the act
intended to say it should not be moved they
transcended their power and contradicted their
own action. They had no such thought in view;
their desire was to place it where it might meet
the wants of future generations and make
another removal unnecessary.
- I might follow it up and answer the objec-
tion which is sometimes presented, that such
removal and retrocession would be a violation
of compact; but this has been so often effect-
ually met and answered that it is unnecessary
for me to say more on it now. It is involved
in the position I have been combating, and
must stand or fall with that; for tlie acts of
cession by Maryland and Virginia expressly
place it on the construction of the clause of the
Constitution we have been considering. . Con-
gross entered into no contract, express or
implied, that the Government should be for-
ever fixed here ; the acts of cession do not so
stipulate, and had Congress done so it would
have transcended its powers.
Sir, this constitutional question has been
met by argument both in this House avid in the
Senate. The act of 1794 authorizing the Presi-
dent to convene Congress to a different place
from that to which it was adjourned was a dec-
laration of power. The act of 1846 retroceding
Alexandria was a clear and positive assertion
on the part of Congress that it possessed this
authority. The act of 1848 authorizing the
Supreme Court of the United States, when it
should decide the cases then on appeal before
it from tho county of Alexandria, to transmit
the mandates to the proper court of Virginia,
reaffirmed the same thing. The recognition of
this retrocession by the Supreme Court of the
United States in the case of Nutt vs. Minor,
and the transmission to the Virginia courts of
the case of McLaughlin vs. the Bank of the
Potomac, under the act of 1848, are at least
acquiescenees iu the same opinion.
And in tho decision of the latter case in the
supreme court of Virginia the constitutional
power of Congress to make the retrocession
is expressly affirmed. And, as has been here-
tofore stated in the Senate by Hon. Reverdy
Johnson, of Maryland, and which I find by
reference to the case as reported, it was argued
by the late Henry Winter Davis, whose interest
it would have been to deny tho validity of the
aet of 1840, yet it does not appear that he did
so. The assent to the creation of the State of
West Virginia was given by a Legislature of
Virginia composed iu part of members from
Alexandria, whose action was a nullity if the
retrocession was illegal. Every authority which
has spoken, whether directly or indirectly, has
decided this constitutional objection as worth-
less and without force from the First Congress
down to the present time.
And although I shall not condescend to
reply to the multitudinous newspaper squibs
on this point from the city press, written, per-
haps. by stripling law students or paid corre-
spondents, yet I would remark in passing that
the pressing of this objection is a concession
of the weakness of the claims of Washington
iu other respects.
Ke the action of Congress what it may, I
intend, Mr. Speaker, to exert my power to
bring before the people of the United States
the facts in regard to the case5 and although
the people of Washington may treat the ques-
tion fit' removal with ridicule now, there will
