1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
opposing voico was raised to this principle in
Congress in 1846, during the discussions on the
act retroceding Alexandria. And whose voice
was this? That of Mr. John C. Calhoun, of
South Carolina. And as there is something
rather peculiar in that gentleman's words and
coarse of action I trust I will be pardoned for
quoting them and offering a few comments, as
they are nearly the only ones to be found stand-
ing directly in conflict with the idea of a central
position. On that occasion Mr. Calhoun said:
" He could not concur in the views expressed by
Mr. Madison on the subject of the location of a seat
of Government. Mr. Madison made an elaborate
argument in favor of the position that the seat of
Government ought to be in the eentor. As far as the
seats of governmentof the States are concerned that
might be a just argument; but the history of the
world would show that the seats of national Govern-
ment never were, or scarcely evor were, situated in
the center, and there was reason for that general
arrangement. They were always situated on the
frontier most exposed. Whero was London, the seat
of the British Government? On the southeast fron-
tier of the kingdom, looking toward the continent
of Europe. That of France, Paris, was in the most
exposed position. So with regard to the seat of Gov-
ernment in Russia; and so, indeed, with regard to
the capitals of all the chief nations of the world. In
the nature of things it must be so."
Here we have, standing in direct contrast
with each other, the result of the workings of
a patriotic heart which desired the good of the
whole people and that of a shrewd and far-
sighted thoroughly aristocratic mind.
Madison, as J have before stated, one of the
greatest statesmen of his day, was thoroughly
imbued with the broad principles of republican-
ism, watching with an eagle eye the. interests
of the masses, rich and poor alike. And the
result of his reasoning on this point we find
is that a central position will lie most con-
ducive to the welfare of the people and of the
nation.
But Calhoun, a man possessing perhaps equal
ability, an aristocrat at heart, and planning and
plotting for the dismemberment of the Union,
arrives at exactly the opposite conclusion.
Why such opposite results ? Can it be attrib-
uted to a want of information in either? Sir,
they were too thoroughly versed in history and
the principles of our Government for this to
have been the cause. Was it because the pros
and cons are so equally balanced ? The vast
preponderance in favor of the central position
shows this will not explain it. Was it that
fifty-six years' experience had shown Madison's
view was wrong? If so why had others failed
to learn it?
Sir, the true explanation lies behind the
scenes; it does not take shape on the stage.
Their siand-points were difl'erent, and the
objects at which they were aiming were dif-
ferent. Mr. Madison, although allowing his
strong preference for the Potomac somewhat
to misguide his judgment, yet really and truly
desired the welfare of the people and the per-
petuity of the nation. And hence we find him
throughout the debate on the location, con-
tending for his preference on the ground ofits
central position with reference to the direction
of the increasing population.
But Mr. Calhoun being aristocratic in feel-
ing, looking upon the mass of the people as
serfs, and fearing the result of the rapidly
developing movement for freedom in the
North, desired a division of the Republic that
an oligarchy might be built up in the South.
This being his object, that for which he labored,
he must have believed the removal of the seat
of Government westward would tend to thwart
that purpose. And his mind had become so
imbued with this feeling that he draws his
illustrations from monarchical Governments,
not simply because he had no others to refer
to, but because he felt as they feel, and hence
he says, "In the nature of things it muse
be so."
Sir, London and Paris are cities of the feudal
days of petty chiefs and petty monarchs, when
strongholds were built that they might defend
themselves against each other and against
their subjects. And Petersburg was founded
by a great and noted monarch, but no less
tyrant. The Kremlin was abandoned more
through caprice and for personal security than
for the public good, and Moscow is almost as
much to-day the people's capital as Peters-
burg. The city of Paris, more in the interior,
has a history almost every page of w.hich
is written in blood. Royalty there seldom
sat easily on the throne; and now the crown
trembles on Napoleon's head. But plant
Paris close along the channel coast, and then
so long as he can retain the army he can
defy the people. No wonder, then, that mon-
archs and despots seek the margin rather than
the center. This was Calhoun's stand-point;
thus he felt and thus he talked. And the reply
Mr. Allen, of Ohio, made to him was very
apropos:
"That in those ancient monarchies the location
of the capital was a matter dependent upon the
caprice of the court and not upon the convenience
of the people."
Sir, I do not bring this forward as an ad cap-
tancluvi argument, but to call forth reflection
in the minds of such members as may oppose
a central position, the great mass of the true
and patriotic statesmen of the past holding that
a central position was of vital importance, and
the great head and front of secession, the strong-
est mind and most thoroughly versed states-
man that was ever in their ranks, taking just
the opposite position. There is a hidden spring
here, which study closely.
But not only do wo have the almost uni-
versal expression in favor of a central position,
but experience, if it tells anything, leads (o the
same conclusion. It tells us that this position
is not or at least has not been impregnable
to foreign foes, for hostile feet have entered
within these precincts of freedom and the en-
emy's torch has touched these walls. It may
be true that they cannot do so again, and I am
free to express my opinion that it cannot be
done again. But if we go to history, let us
learn the lesson as she presents it. It is not
the position nor the past that gives us this con-
fidence, but the array of brave and noble hearts
ready to stand as a bulwark for its defense.
Experience shows also that there has always
been a feeling of distrust in regard to the per-
manency at this point. When, in 1814, during
the Thirteenth Congress, Mr. Fislt, of New
York, introduced into the House a resolution
for a temporary removal during the war, see
with what haste and alarm the southern mem-
bers flew to the rescue. They scented danger
at a distance. Hidden in the basket of fruit
they imagined lay an asp. What outbursts of
chivalry echoed along the walls of the Hall they
then occupied! Mr. Speaker, some of them
preferred to hold their sessions in a tent than
leave when danger threatened. But be it
remembered the enemy had departed.
This fpeling of uncertainty, or rather I might
say of certainty, that some day its ramoval will
be accomplished has permeated the publicmind
from a very early period, growing stronger and
stronger every year. Wrhat is the cause of this,
if it be not the universal feeling that it must
and ought to go to the center? Reason also
leads to the same conclusion. The forces of
nature when tending to union move toward a
common center, .This is a law of the univeise,
a law of nature that runs through all her varied
forms, from the worlds which float through
space down to the forces which hold together
the atoms of a grain of sand. It is the law of
society; and it should prevail in a republican
government, so far as the radiating point ot
power is concerned.
The power coming up from the people should
meet in a central focus, from whence it may
radiate with uniform forcc to every part of the
great body. The place for the heart(is the
interior of the body, from whence the arteries
may convey the blood with uniform motion to
the extremities. And as the heart in the human
system is placed between the ribs, that it may
be the better protected from external danger.
so in our national system it should be located
between the mighty ribs, the Appalachian and
Rocky mountain chains, that it may forever be
secure from external foes. Although hostile
hands may not reach it here, let us place it
within the vast walls nature has reared for our
protection.
Our Government has been established not
for a royal few or moneyed monopolies, not to
foster one branch of industry to the injury of
another; but for the people, for the welfare
of all, and for the protection and encourage-
ment of all legitimate branches of industry.
Hence they have a right to expect and rea-
son to ask that the seat of Government shall
be made accessible, as far as possible, to all
alike. And the nearest approach possible to
this is to place it in a central position as to
population. The mileage allowed members,
facilities for travel and transportation by means
of railroads and steamboats, and means of
rapid communication by telegraphs, do much
toward lessening the evils and inconveniences
of a lateral position, but fall far short of ren-
dering a full compensation. These facilities
are supposed by some to wholly compensate
for the great distance the capital is placed from
the mass of the people. But, sir, this is a
mistake, too plainly shown by the anxiety of
the people of this section to retain it where it
is. If removed to the Mississippi valley will
not the people of this section have all these
facilities at their command? Will it not beas
easy for them to reach and to communicate with
the seat of Government there as it is for that
people to reach it here? If the_ argument is
worth anything on the one side it is worth as
much on the other.
Foreign nations have been slow in arriving
at a proper conception of the magnitude of our
country. Their representatives at our national
court, not being forced to penetrate it, only
see a little part of the Atlantic margin. But
place the capital in the interior ana a thou-
sand miles travel from the shore to that interior
will give them a more vivid impression of the
vast extent of our dominions. The mental
operation of counting, even while looking on
a map, never impresses us with that idea of
distance which actual travel over the ground
does. Those who have 'never traversed the
plains beyond the Mississippi have no true con-
ception of their extent. The eye alone can con-
vey this properly to the mind.
Sir, the truth is, in every point of view in
which we can contemplate this subject we see
the necessity for selecting a central position for
the seat of Government. It assists in forming
a more perfect union of States and people ; it
is in accordance with the great principles of
justice ; it tends to the promotion of domestic
tranquillity and the general welfare. The wealth
and influence of different sections are .made to
counterbalance each other so far as the posi-
tion of the governing power can do this. The
wants of the poor and needy are met in this
respect as completely as it is in our power to
meet them. And, sir, in the administration of
Government the wants of the poor should be
regarded as well as the wishes of the wealthy.
We ask this removal as now due to the great
Mississippi valley. The fathers and founders
of our nation, who nourished it in its inlancy
with tender solicitude, in their broadest calcu-
lations and most ardent hopes of its future
greatness fell infinitely short ofits rapid growth.
Could Washington now arise from his quiet
tomb on the bank of the Potomao and look
abroad over the mighty empire which claims
him as its father he would stand amazed.
Could he see a nation twenty millions strong,
peopling the great valley which in his day
was our western limit; could he gaze upon
the wave of population which is_ rolling lip
against the far-off Pacific coast, which was then
terra incognita, what, think you, would he his
advice on this subject? Sir, his sense of jus-
tice would force him to say, " Carry it into the
midst of the people; cherish, my children,
