1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
me
see how the balance stands in t he agricultural
pursuits, the real basis of our national wealth.
And let me repeat, that while I do this it is
with no sectional feeling, for too much praise
cannot be bestowed on the eastern agricultur-
ists for their indomitable perseverance. From
them we of the West are learning how to culti-
vate our soil to the best advantage ; and while
we strive to emulate and surpass them in this
respect, wo feel proud that we have such gener-
ous and honorable rivals. Comparingthe cen-
sus returns of 18G0, I find the proportions of
the leading items to stand as follows :
Per cent. in
Atlantic. West. favor of
Wept.
Land improv-
ed in farms,
acres  '3,8S2,853 90,571,807 .2'.!
Land in farm ',
unimproved,
acres  150,33!),354 .00
Cash value of
farm? ">3,132,5:51,500 §3,514,488,487 .13
Or those of the West worth $381,921,987
more than the East.
Per ■■a:!, in
Aihmtlc. 1 VV'j/. favor of
West.
Yalueoi' farm-
ing imple-
ments  SlO,1,820,439 £133,277,004 .31
Wheat, bushels 53.390,897 109,287,349 1.04
jndiancorn.do. 201,033,001 037,139.031 2.10
value of ani-
mals slaugli -
1'ered  i'H,473,522 5,120,£>1,811! ,S0
Which show that even iu I860 the balances
in favor of the western sections in these articles
were as follows:
i'er cent.
Number of acres improved   23
Number of acres in farm?, unimproved 00
Cash value of farm-?   12
Or nearly four hundred million dollars.
Value of farming implernenr-:   . .31
Number bushel; wheat 1.04
Number bushels corn 2.10
Or excess of 4,35.500.4:18 bushels.
Value of animals slaughtered 30
And I should have added that in regard to the
live stock they owned aa excess of thirty-two
per cent, in value, or nearly one hundred and
sixty million dollars. Combining all these to-
gether, and it shows an average of seventy per
cent, in favor of the West. Bat even this fails
to show our real advantage. If we take these
items, and find the ratio of increase in the two
sections between the years 1850 and 1800, we
find that while there has been an average in-
crease of forty per cent, on the Atlantic slope,
the average iucrease in the Mississippi valley-
has been one hundred and twenty-eight, per
cent.
Take these facts sir, which show our condi-
tion as an agricultural people ten years ago,
and calculating by our rapid increase of more
than one hundred per cent, each decade, and
tell me how the proportion will stand ten years
hence ? See the myriads of acres of land there
yet open to emigration. W hat can our worthy
Commissioner of Agricnlturodo in this barren,
unproductive spot toward developing and assist-
ing the great agricultural interests ot the coun-
try ? Doubtless he is doing all he can do here
with the means at his command ; but take him
to the rich valley beyond the Alleghanies, and
his Department will grow to a power for good
of which wo have now but, little conception.
I repeat it, sir, that the West asks this re-
moval as an act of justice not only to her but
to the nation at large. It is our duty as wise
legislators to consult the welfare of the whole
people, to look to the great productive inter-
ests of the country, and take such^ action as
shall be best adapted to the good of the pres-
ent and future generations. Therefore the
West asks this removal, because, as I have
shown, there lies the center of territory, and
there it must continue to be, no matter how far
our limits may expand; there is the center of
population, and it also will remain there ; the
centers of mineral, agricultural, and commer-
cial wealth are there; there the centers of nat-
ural and artificial highways of travel and trans-
portation are found, and there, too, must
ultimately be found the eeuter of all the great
vital forces of the nation. I say this with no
desire to disparage the energy, resources, or
interests of the East, but because it must be
the resultant of the present progressive move-
ments.
How can it be otherwise V One glance at the
map of the United States ought to be sufficient
to convince any one of the truth of these asser-
tions. A vast basin, extending from Pittsburg
to the. Rocky mountains, fifteen hundred miles
east and west, and from Lake Superior to the
Gulf of Mexico an equal distance north and
south, with a larger proportion of arable soil
and navigable streams than any other equal
extent of territory in the world. . Such is the
area drained by tire Mississippi, which, rising
in the cold regions of the far north, pours its
tide of waters into the gulf in the tropical
regions of the south, its fountains shaded
by the stately firs of boreal clime, its middle
part fringed by broad belts of waving cereals,
and rushing to the sea amid fields of cotton
and orange groves. (Jattle for the millions
graze on the meadows there and roam over
the broad plains; and fuel for the generations
to come lies in reserve beneath the luxuriant
soil. Mountains of iron and mines of lead arc
there to supply the world when other mines
have been exhausted.
Look, sir, once more at the map ; you have
seen but part. Prom the Rocky mountains
stretching westward almost another thousand
miles is a vast area which hut, a few years ago
was unexplored ground; an area possessing
soil and climate of every variety, whose mount-
ains and valleys send out each year more gold
than all the mines of the eastern slope have
ever yielded ; more than all the public works
of the Government in this District have cost.
Can all these claims be ignored ? Is it just and
right that wo should close our eyes to them ?
Could we, as the agents of an individual or
company, properly discharge the trust reposed
in us, ifj under such circumstances we were to
pass these things by unnoticed ? And will we
be just to an individual and yet deny the same
thing to the people who have reposed a still
higher trust in us ? Let us do our duty.
lias it ever occurred to your mind, &ir, that
wo occupy a stand-point in the course of events
and in the history of the world that no other
nation ever has or can occupy? Startling as
the proposition may be, yet it is true. The
north temperate zone is the region of popula-
tion, power, and intellect, and these have been
flowing westward in one continuous stream
from the earliest ages down to the present.
Beginning in the plains of southern Asia, whi Ic
a slow current was movingeastward, the mighty
wave of population, like the ocean tide, has
been sweeping westward over land and sea.
But. within our territory the terminus has been
reached. On the shores of tho Pacific the
westward-moving stream has met the oriental;
there the circuit is ot last completed. What
will the sequel be? Sir, for awhile there the
tide of population, hemmed in by the barrier
to farther progress, will accumulate, seeking an
outlet by expansion north and south along the
Pacific slope. lint eveutually the wave must
roll back upon us and poor its excess into the
tropic lands of Africa and into the Old World,
from whence it started.
Power, also, has been tioatiug onward with
this westward'stream. From Mesopotamia, it
moved for awhile to the hills pi' Meclo-Persia;
but it was only plummg Us wings for its flight
to the hardy sous of Greecc, v,'hither intellect,
had preceded it. Then, crossing the Adriatic,
it rested for a thousand years on tho banks of
the Tiber. Again, moving on in its westward
course, it crossed the Alps to the plains of Gaul,
and has for centuries floated along the western
borders of Europe; but now it is rapidly con-
centrating on American soil. And. as the wave
has moved onward it has been gathering slowly
the seeds of freedom and plauting them in, the
human heart. But not till the tide had reached
the shores of America did the bud expand into
the flower. This land seems to have been re-
served by the hand of Providence for the birth-
place and home of freedom, from whence it is
to roll back and emancipate the nations of
earth. See what- a concentration of mighty
events is taking place in this age, as if to pre-
pare the way and fit the returning tide of popu-
lation for its mission.
The ocean is traversed by the magnetic tele-
graph, the continent spanned by the iron path-
way, the barrier between the Bast Indies and
Europe severed, and negotiations for cutting
that between the Atlantic and Pacific. What
the numerous African explorers for centuries
failed to accomplish one man is now doing:
through, the skill of French engineers bright
oases are springing up in the barren deserts of
Algiers. And contemporaneous with these the
accursed shackles of slavery are torn from the
30iis and daughters of Africa in our own land,
thai, elevated and made equal with their broth-
ers, they may when the current sets eastward
go hand iu hand to redeem the millions of
Africa from ignorance and tyranny.
But, sir, I have not time now to follow out
this deeply-interesting thought. Let me show
the connection it has with the subject before
us and I am done. In consequence of our
peculiar position a va3t friction of political
elements is destined to occur at some future
day : and the conflict of interests is likely to
be between the extreme East and West in the
struggle to control the commerce of the cen-
tral area. By planting the seat of Government
in this central area we assist iu concentrating
power there and holding in check these forces.
We thus knit together the widely-separated
parts and form a more perfect bond of union.
And now, sir, is the time to do this. A
more favorable time will perhaps aever occur,
a time when it can be done with as little com-
motion as now. A new Republic is springing
into being; the disgraceful blot of slavery has
beeu wiped out, and our Government may
truly be said to be remodeling ou the basis or
genuine freedom. The goddess of liberty,
heed from her trammels, steps forth clothed
in her snowy garments of true freedom.
Sir, the bronze statue above us is not a
true representation of the new Republic; it
should be clothed in snowy white. Yes, a new
Republic has arisen upon the old; not on its
ruins, but by its redemption. It has been bap-
tized with the blood of more than two hundred
thousand patriots. Then let us plant our cap-
ital in the center of the nation at the com-
mencement of the new epoch. The ashes of
the martyred Lincoln have gone westward as
the vanguard of empire. Let us follow them,
1 was about to say, with the remains of Wash-
ington. But no. Brave hearts met the foes
of our country as well here as there. The
honor of.the victory is as much due to the East
as the West. Joined heart and hand in the
great battle of freedom, we will remain thus
joined in our efforts to perpetuate it. Let the
father of the old Republic, remembered and
honored by the people, rest quietly beside the
old homestead of the nation; while the father
of the new Republic sleeps near the new home
of empire.
EXPENMTU-RE, TAIUFP, r.ONDS, ETC.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, as I have, no
debate here allowed to give my views as to what
Congress ought now to do, representing as it
does the people and States of the Union and
supposed to be not only capable of passing,
but willing to pass such laws as will at the least
cost secure the greatest good_ to the greatest
! number. ! t will, in my opinion, fail to meet
the just expectations of the country if it does
I not lop oft'the enormous and wastful expsndi-
I ture whereby the annual expenses of the Gov-
