686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
ernmenfhas been increased from $63,000,000
in 1859 to not less than $350,000,000 now, an
increase of over four hundred and fifty per
cent., with an increase of population not ex-
ceeding twenty-one percent.; and especially
if it fails to remove the burdens now crushing
down all the great agricultural and producing
interests of the country for the purpose of giv-
ing an artificial value to the products of the
manufacturing and mining monopolies of New
England andPennsylvania; and more especially
if it fails in taking from the banking and bond-
holding aristocracy which Radical legislation
has built up the exclusive and unwarranted
privileges they now enjoy.
That all these things can be done if Congress
sees fit to exercise its undoubted power none
will deny ; that it will be false to the great trust
confided to it if it does not I propose to show.
Why, I ask, should our ordinary expenses, saying
nothing of interest on the debt, more than quad-
ruple those of ten years ago ? No answer can
be given except the humiliating admission that
fraud, corruption, and general demoralization
have taken possession of the Government and
its officials. Instead of honesty, capacity, and
frugality being the test of competency for re-
sponsible public position, party servility and
a willingness to divide the spoils between the
official and the kinsmen, favorites, or tools of
the parties in power whose influence secures
the place seem now to be the only passports
to stations of honor and profit.
Every department of the Government in and
out of Washington is swarming with the adher-
ents or retainers of prominent politicians for
whose services there is no sort of use. Many
of them are furloughed from month to month
without doing an hour's work except walk to
the Treasury and draw their pay. Others
crowd the rooms of the Departments, pretend-
ing to be engaged; really acting as lobbyists,
go-betweens, and confidence men to these who
have real or pretended claims against the Gov-
ernment. No man now thinks of presenting
any claim to any Department jvithout looking
around to see who he must buy to aid his
scheme or influence the decision. The justice
of his case is a secondary consideration. Jobs
of all sorts are concocted and set on foot to
enable the favorites of the prominent politicians
or officials to get rich, and the tax-payers of
the country have to foot the bills. Pay and
service bear no sort of relation to each other.
The most adroit subterfuges are resorted to to
transfer the money of the people into the pock-
ets of the officials and their retainers. Time
would fail me if I should attempt to set forth
even a tithe of what we have all heard and
seen.
Members of the Fortieth Congress remem-
ber well the spirited debate in July, 1808,
when this House had under consideration the
bill to reduce the Army, in which it was dem-
onstrated by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] that hundreds of super-
numerary officers of all grades, costing the peo-
ple from six thousand up to twenty thousand
dollars a year each, are retained and paid as
pensioners on the labor of t.he people—some-
times for this purpose called the Government—
out of whom millions arc annually coerced by
direct and indirect taxation to support in idle-
ness mere drones. Artifice upon artifice, it
was shown, is employed to keep not only the
people but Congress in ignorance as to the
amount thus filched from them. Rations and
longevity rations, subsistence and commuta-
tions of all sorts of allowances, none of which
are understood or intended to be, make up
the income of these elegant parasites, in many
instances, to double the salaries of the heads
of Departments or of the judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States.
It is an ascertained, I might say a conceded
fact, that seventy-five per cent, of all the mil-
lions annually appropriated for the Indians is
stolen. I might show how hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars of the money received at the
Patent Office were squandered annually, till
we had to stop in part the wholesale plunder
by requiring all the funds received to be paid
into the Treasury, so that we could at least
know something about where it goes; how
mirrors costing $27,000 have lately been bought
and paid for to fit up the internal revenue wing
of the Treasury, which the Commissioner will
not allow to be used, because of their extrava-
gant and gaudy character, by subordinates,
without the knowledge of the Secretary and
without authority of law ; how the most hon-
est claims for money due on contracts for
property sold and delivered are suspended and
rejected because somebody says, or the bureau
official says that somebody says, the claimant
is disloyal, and it is only when some stool-
pigeon is bought that the embargo is removed
and the claimant gets half or one third of
what the Government pays; how day by
day clerks and employls are sent on the
merest prclcuses all over the country on extra
pay and allowances of ten cents per mile, when
they never pay more than three; how, by
reason of illegal extra pay and allowances, the
officers of the Navy now draw $2,000,000 more
per annum than it takes to pay off all the sail-
ors under their command ; but, as I said, time
would fail me if I attempted to state even a tithe
of the frauds and extortions daily perpetrated.
It is not an exaggeration to say that in one
form or other $50,000,000 is thus stolen and
squandered annually on supernumeraries and
retainers of the dominant party, while millions
upon millions are at every session of Congress
required in the form of deficiency bills, when in
fact no deficiencies exist, except such as the
Departments and bureaus create by defying our
laws and disregarding all our efforts at retrench-
ment and economy. The rule, not the excep-
tion, now is if we appropriate, say, $5,000,000
to an Auditor's office, for which $7,000,000 had
been for any cause previously allowed, for him
to expend $7,000,000, very likely more, in
spite of us, and send in a deficiency bill, when
he knows and admits that the $2,000,000 be-
yond the appropriation was expended in direct
violation of law ; yet no one censures him ; his
removal is not thought of; impunity embold-
ens, till Congress is owned, controlled, and
defied by the subordinate officers in the various
Departments, and we are compelled to pay
what is demanded or let those who have hon-
estly done the work—the thieves and parasites
are sure to get their pay early—suffer for the
misappropriation of the funds by their supe-
riors.
No wonder the estimates for next year have
increased nearly fifty million dollars even over
all past extravagance. Let it never be for-
gotten that the Government, as such, has no
money and can have none except what is
coerced year by year from the toiling millions;
that while much of it is paid to the tax-gatherer
by the owners of the mines, the manufactories,
the farms, and the workshops, it comes in the
first instance from the labor of the people. It
should bo especially recollected, 1 repeat, in
the midst of the squanderings of untold mil-
lions, that the last analysis of all wealth is the
sweat of the poor ; that labor is the prime
source of all revenue, and that Government, as
such, loses nothing by the corruption, extrav-
agance, and plunder now rampant in the land,
and that every dollar stolen or squandered,
either in the administration of Government or
in the collection of its revenues, is again paid
out of the labor of the people.
What is detracted or abstracted from one
source is squeezed out of another ; the $350,-
000,000 are obtained. That and all the steal-
ages and squanderings are the annual tribute
paid out of the toil of the masses for what we
are so proud of boasting is the best Govern-
ment the world ever saw. It ought to be the
best; it certainly costs the most. For exam-
ple: who supposes that out of the $100,000,000
admitted to have been stolen in 1868 by officials
and their allies in the collection of the taxes
on whisky, while the tax was two dollars per
gallon, and out of not less than seventy million
gallons so taxed we received only about thir-
teen million dollars, that the Government lost
anything? Taxes on incomes, on manufactures,
on everything taxable, together with your enor-
mous and rumpus protective tariffs furnished
Government with all the money it eould waste
or spend. The plunderer plundered the people
and every honest man in the land had to make
good the robbery. But the direct stealing and
squandering of the money of the people, enor-
mous as it is, is not all, nor is it the worst ofthe
evils to which the people are subjected under
Radical misrule. Jobs and schemes are manu-
factured and invented to enable officials and
their retainers to enrich themselves at the
expense ofthe community which never appear
on the books of the Treasury, and none but the
victims and their plunderers ever know or care
how great the swindle is.
Let, me illustrate. I will take but one case
in a thousand, and that, perhaps, not the worst.
More than a million dollars, over aeventy-five
thousand dollars of it from my own State, has
been and is being coerced out of the distillers of
spirits under pretense of paying a man by the
name of Tice, a pet of the former Commis-
sioner, for a meter to gauge spirits at the still.
A price was fixed, and the money was required
to be deposited in bank by a day named, on pain
of confiscation of all their property by order of
the Commissioner, (for commissioners can and
do legislate and enforce their own laws when it
suits them without consulting Congress.) Tice
has drawn it nearly all, yet only three meters
have been put up or have been attempted to be
put up in Kentucky, and they are now known
and admitted to be miserable failures. Those
for which $1,000 are paid are manufactured by
Miles, Greenwood & Co., Cincinnati, as I am
credibly informed, for not exceeding $400.
Where the money has gone, who Tice divides
with, I cannot prove ; but neither the Govern-
ment nor the people ever have or ever will
receive one dollar of benefit from it. That, as
I said, is but one of the numerous swindles
that are daily and hourly perpetrated on pri-
vate account which never see the light of day,
and of which the victims dare not complain for
fear of bringing down still more severely the
heavy hand of their task-masters upon them.
The facts 1 have stated are familiar to most
members, and the Commissioner can be re-
quired to furnish them if further information
is desired.
The number of spies, informers, store-
keepers, gaugers, and vampires generally who
arc secretly and silently sucking the life-blood
from the victims they are licensed to prey upon
is legion ; they drain from the honest industry
of the country untold millions every year. Mr.
Wells and Mr. Clarke, two of your officials
who ought to be able to approximate the facts,
estimate that nearly or quite one half of the
amount annually paid by the people goes else-
where than into the Treasury. I have no doubt
it costs the people, in one form or other, half
the amount of revenue collected to obtain what
is obtained, and that one half of what gets into
the Treasury and is there disbursed is neither
necessary nor proper for the successful admin-
istration of the Government, and that all these
vast sums thus wrongfully coerced from the
men whose labor produced them go into the
pockets of the classes of men I have referred
to and in the ways I have indicated. If the
majority dominant here fail to pass such laws
as will put a stop to this system of wholesale
corruption and plunder their constituents will,
I hope, see to it that other men shall fill their
places in these Halls hereafter.
1 do not profess to be able, in a speech lim-
ited to an hour, to set forth the exact form in
which laws should be passed to punish and
prevent the enormous frauds and extravagance
now permeating and corrupting every Depart-
ment of the Government, nor to indicate with
any exactness, even if I was well assured, pre-
