1870.
the congressional globe.
687
cisely what ought to be done relative to the
existing tariff, the currency, and the bonded
debt, so as to give relief to the people and at
the same time do justice to the interests and
individuals to_ be affected by the changes de-
sired. But, I insist, because I believe, that our
present tariff, while it cannot be abrogated alto-
gether in the present state of our indebtedness,
ought to be modified and changed in many
essential particulars, so as to relieve the great
mass of the people from the burdens of its
unjust and partial operation. The people of
the United States are fast learning, and will
soon come to know, that a tariff is a tax, and
not only a tax, but in a vast majority of cases
a tax imposed on them, not to aid in paying the
^ necessary expenses of the Government., but to
* enrich a few favored monopolists.
There may have been a time in the infancy
of the Republic, though even that is doubtful
in the light of past experience, when manu-
factures and the arts needed the fostering and
protecting care of the Government; when the
country was poor, capital scarce, population
scattered, and transportation difficult and
costly ; when the inventive genius of the peo-
ple'needed stimulants to call it into exercise
and skilled mechanics were rarely to be found.
But all that has passed away, and the reverse
is now true ; we are now not only able to sup-
ply all our own wants in fair competition with
the balance of the world, if each is left free to
employ his own labor, skill, and capital in
what he deems most profitable, selling his
product where he can sell highest, and buying
what he wants where he can buy cheapest, but
In very many important branches of business
we can supply foreign nations at prices that
will defy competition, and realize large profits
.to the trade without taxing ninety-nine hun-
dredtis of the people as we now do to enable
one to make a fortune and impoverish all his
neighbors in doing it. In other words,we have
served our apprenticeship long ago, and paid
for the education and implements of our arti-
sans and the buildings and machinery of our
manufacturers, and it is now high time that
they should enter into competition with the
rest of the world upon terms of equality, as
our farmers and laborers have always been
compelled to do.
I know the power that is brought to bear
against any proposition to withdraw privileges
and prevent the organized and powerful few
from plundering the scattered and therefore
powerless masses. High-sounding phrases and
patriotic cateh-words are always ready and
often almost omnipotent to prevent any inter-
ference with established tyranny and wrong.
Protection to home industry, security against
the pauper labor of Europe, independence from
foreignersin all the materials necessary to carry
on a successful war, and scores of other catch-
words as plausible and as senseless, are the
stock in trade of the monopolists, and the plun-
dered people echo back the rallying cry and
toil and sweat and starve to fill the pockets of
their task-masters, believing that they are pro-
moting some great patriotic idea. It has always
been so and will always be till people learn to
think for themselves and look through and
behind professions at the principles which actu-
ate those who utter them.
I need not tell how, in the midst of the ruins
of the liberties of the ancient republics, when
the luxuries and debaucheries of the rulers
ground the people to the earth and extorted
from them all but a tithe of their hard earnings ;
thegloryof Greece and Rome ; the triumphal
processions ; the games and exhibition in the
amphitheater; the contests of the gladiators
and the wild beasts were sufficient to drown
the murmurs of the oppressed, and even to
induce them to laud to the skies the munifi-
cence and liberality of the oppressors, whose
wealth was wrung from their own sweat and
toil, whose minions were held like hounds in
the leash to crush out any attempt by the
people to assert their ancient rights and
privileges. Nor need I refer to the means by
which in more modern times Louis XIV, and
those who followed him, destroyed the liberties
of Prance and reduced the masses of the people
to the most abject penury and submission,
compensating and silencing them by the mag-
nificence of their works of art and the glories
of the empire. We all know that oppressions
the most terrible, extortions the most galling,
and crimes the most horrible have in all ages
and in all countries been perpetrated and
exacted in the name of liberty and patriotism.
To-day we are repeating the teachings of
history, and under the rallying cry of loyalty
and devotion to the Union of. these States the
dominant party have for three years, step by
step, undermined_and overthrown the very cit-
adel of liberty itself.
States have been ignored and legislated out
of existence; not only every principle of the
Constitution, but of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, have been subverted. Extortion,
corruption, and extravagance have held un-
controlled sway in the management of public
affairs. All legislation has been to enrich a
few favored monopolists, who by banks, tariffs,
bonds, schemes, and jobs have become the
richest men upon earth at the expense of a
deluded people who have not only stood list-
lessly by, but have thrown their hats in the air
and sung p«ans in honor of the men and the
acts which where robbing them of' their prop-
erty and their guarantied rights.
I propose briefly to show that my assertions
are sustained by the facts. We collected from
customs for the year ending June 30, 1869,
over one hundred and eighty million dollars
in gold, [f that sum, with the legitimate cost
of its collection, represented the tax imposed
upon the people, we might endure it, excessive
as it is, provided all classes paid it anything
like equally; but when we come to understand
that in order to obtain that amount of revenue
we actually tax the labor of our own people over
fourhundred million dollars, and pay all the bal-
ance into the coffers of a favored few to whom
we have given tho absolute control of the mar-
kets of the United States by excluding foreign
competition, thereby enabling them to charge
us for their products what they please, while
the unprotected farmer, whose products make
up one half at least of our annual accretion
of wealth, has to compete in the markets of
the world without protection in his sales of
wheat, barley, cotton, rice, corn, and beef
with the like products of the so-called pauper
labor of the world, we will get a glimpse at
least at the monstrous outrage of our present
system of tariff taxation.
The Special Commissionerof the Revenue, a
Radical official specially charged with the duty
of furnishing the facts in this regard, has sent
his report to this Congress, where it has been
attacked with a bitterness and malignity which
only proves how damaging the truths it contains
are to the monopolists and their adherents on
this floor. In their desperation and utter in-
ability to refute many of the facts they sought
to suppress its publication, lest the people
should read and understand by what means they
are being robbed under the guise of protection.
The clamor for the facts was too strong,
the press was too free; it could neither be de-
stroyed nor hidden, and its facts will be read,
considered and weighed; the efforts of the
monopolists to malign, traduce, and vilify their
official will not satisfy a people groaning under
taxation.
I intend to call attention specially to the
expose he makes on pages 108, 109, 110, and
111, as showing conclusively the truth of tho
assertions I have made. He shows that with
the present duty of nine dollars per ton in gold
on pig-iron we only derive a revenue of about
one million dollars annually. On salt, with a
duty of eighteen cents in bulk and twenty-four
cents in bags per hundred pounds, we derive
a revenue of about one million five hundred
thousanddollars. On undressedlumber, plank,
shingles, &c., with our present tariff of twenty
per cent, thereon, our revenue is $1,250,000.
On leather, other than japanned and patent-
lsather, with a duty of from twenty-five to
thirty-five per cent., our revenue is about one
million three hundred and sixty thousand dol-
lars. On lastings and serge, used and cut for
ladies' and other shoes, with a tariff of fifty per
cent., our revenue is about one million one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars. Total on
the articles above named, say,'$6,260,000..
He then proceeds to show by facts indis-
putable that if the duty on pig-iron was reduced
to three dollars per ton we would save annually
to the people $10,800,000. If on salt it was
reduced to nine and twelve cents per hundred
pounds we would reduce the present tax paid
thereon by the consumer about four million
dollars. If the character of lumber above set
forth was admitted duty free we would avoid
taxes now imposed on us to at least $16,000,-
000, and if leather^ lastings, and serga were ad-
mitted free we would on these items escape
taxation now imposed to the extent of $18,000,-
000, makinga total taxation saved tothepeople
of $48,800,000, from which we now realize
about six and a quarter millions; in other
words, these articles now produce, say, six and
a quarter millions of revenue under existing
tariff taxation, and to obtain that for the pur-
poses of the Government the people annually
pay nearly forty-nine millions, forty-two and a
half of which is stolon from them by iniquitous
legislation and transferred to the pockets of a
few favored and protected monopolists. If the
Commissioner had shown what would have been
the saving if the tax on pig-iron and salt was
removed altogether his aggregate would have
boon over sixty millions, instead of forty-nine
millions.
He shows, I think, conclusively that by the
monopoly on iron the people pay now not less
than from ten to twelve dollars per ton more
than would leave the producer a fair profit on
his product, every dollar of which is wrongfully
abstracted from the pocket of every man who
uses a spade, hoe, plow, or wagon]; who drives
a nail in his roof or puts a shoe on his horse ;
and so with each of the other articles enum-
erated. livery ounce of salt put in our food,
every foot of plank used in any form, every
shoe that is worn, costs nearly double what it
ought, and only one eighth of the increased
cost goes to support the Government, seven
eighths being appropriated by the producers
of these articles of prime necessity. And so it
is with everything else, from the cradle to the
coffin, from the hats on our heads to the shoes
and socks on our feet, we are taxed almost
beyond endurance, with the same results and
for the same purposes. If human ingenuity
had been tortured to devise ways and means
to impoverish the masses of the people and to
enrich a few great miners and manufacturers
at their expense it could not have invented
a more thorough and exhaustive system, and
all under the specious pretext of encouraging
and promoting home industry and protecting
the people against foreign pauper competition.
Men often wear the livery of the court of
Heaven to serve the devil in. I am not sure
that I ever saw it more successfully done than
in the guise of the protective tariff we are now
cursed with. I do not want to weary the House
with details, but I want the principle illustrated,
that whenever a tariff becomes protective, that
is, cuts off or curtails materially the supply
that is raised cheaper abroad than we can raise
it, it ceases to be a tariff for revenue and be-
comes a tax on the people to enrich a favored
class without any sort of benefit to the tax-
payer, as illustrated by the cases just stated.
Why, I ask, should men be diverted from em-
ployments naturally profitable to those which
can only be made so by taxing the mass of the
people? If oranges, figs, dates, and bananas can
be raised cheaper by the people of Cuba than by
the people of the United States, and we can
raise wheat, corn, beef, and pork cheaper than
