688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
the people of Cuba, why tax the fruits of that
island so as to exclude their introduction, and
induce our people to abaudon industries which
our soil and climate make naturally profitable
to engage in the production of fruits which can
only be raised at great additional labor and
expense? Would not such a course be an idle
and useless waste of the industrial energies of
our people, besides requiring our consumers
of these fruits to pay double, perhaps treble
what they are worth in open market?
All obstacles thrown in the way of procuring
attho cheapest rate what is or is believed to be
necessary to comfort, is that much capital lost,
thrown away, as much as if destroyed by fire
or cast into the sea. Common sense and a just
regard for the equal rights of all would in the
case suggested so legislate as to enable and
induce our producers of grain, beef, and pork
to ship their produce to Cuba if they could get
more for it there than at home, and bring a re-
turn cargo of fruits. Both would bp benefited
by the exchange of commodities ; commerce
weald be built up; one commodity would pay
for another, and the greatest amount of good
with the lear.t expenditure of labor would be
realized.
But recurring again to the views of the Com-
missioner on the subject of iron ; and his care-
fully prepared data will and ought to have
more weight than my statements; therefore I
use them. He shows, on page 81, that "the
average expenditure requisite to produce a ton
of pig-iron in tlie United States at the present
time, including a liberal interest on the capital
invested and a fair allowance for repairs and
incidentals, may be fairly estimated at from
twenty-four to twenty-six dollars in currency.''
He then proceeds to show that the average sell-
ing price of pig-iron is from thirty-six to thirty-
seven dollars per ton, being ten or twelve dol-
lars per ton more than is proper to give that
bianch of industry tho same profits that other
industries enjoy. Again, he says, on page ZiJ :
" it therefore fallows that, the prico of American
pi^-iron may havobeen maintained at nine dollars
per ton gold, or eleven dollars currency, in oxcc.'S of
what need to h.avc have boon paid by consumers but
for tho tax:' and if thereby tho sum of §2O,0t)0,(H)d
was transferred to the comparatively few iron-
masters, although it may not have been all profit to
t hern, and may simply have warranted them in pro-
ducing iron at & higher cost, yet it represents three
andono-fourthper cent, of tho whole annual savins
of the nation diverted or takenfrom those who actu-
ally earned it for the benelit of probably not over
one, thousand individuals, who are the proprietors
id iron funia,ces.
"Again, lotus take the ca^o of salt, the duty on
the importation of which in bulk is eighteen oonts
pel-hunihed pounds,or (with gold at 13.1) t wonty-two
and ubitlfccnt.- eunency. Thejiroseni consumption
of salt in the Ignited States is estimated a' about
thirty-nine million bushels per annum, the price of
which lnis been enhanced from twenty and twenty-
thro'5 ccnis in 1800 to forty and tifty font: in 1KG9.
Now, if wo assume that tho imposition of a taritTon
salr of from eighty to one hundred and eight per
cent (bee imports of 1S0S) has unecessarily increased
the general cost of this indispensable article to tho
extent of only ten cents per bushel, we have thereby
subjected the community to a tax of $3;9UO,OUO per
annum, or have diverted, in tho consumption of this
single article, from what would have been an other-
wise-natural distribution of the not. earning? of the
nation more than half of one per cent.
" similar deductions may bo mado in respect to
lumber, tho materials which enter into the composi-
tion of boots and shoes, and the manufacture of l'ur
and felt.hats; tosteel, carpets, blankets,woolen goods
of every description, and a great variety of other
articles, the pricos of all of which have been greatly
and unnecessarily enhanced by special and partial
legislation."
I have consumed this much time and given
the prominence T have to tho facts bearing
especially onpig-iron, salt, lumber,and leather,
because they, being articles of prime necessity
to all the people, illustrate as well as any other
class of articles the enormous subsidies levied
on us all for the benefit of a few cormorants
who are even now urging an increase of duty
on all these things to still further oppress and
impoverish the masses and glut their own.
rapacity.
It would be impossible to speak of all or
even a tithe of the articles or the interests
protected and enriched by the present tariff.
Some idea may be formed of the extent of its
ramifications by the fact that it contains over j
nine hundred and fifty dutiable articles of j
drugs and druggists' goods alone; that it ;
reaches every article necessary for human ;
health and comfort, or for national or indi- ,
vidual progress; that its average duties is.;
forty-eight per cent, in gold; or equal to sixty- j
five per cent, in the currency, for Which prod- j
uee has to be sold, while "on many of the i
articles of prime necessity and universal re- ,
quirement the tax is two hundred and fifty, and j
on some five hundred per cent, on the value of I
the article; and it may be safely stated that at |
least three fourths of all the tax thus paid by j
the people is paid at least on all articles pro- •
duced or manufactured in this country to those !
who are thus given the monopoly: to the j
owners of the salines, the ore-"banks, the mines, j
and the manufactories, who thus rule and reign j
over the people and coerce whatever they
choose to demand from the unprotected masses j
whose necessities compel them to buy at tho j
price demanded. It is not unworthy of remark i
that in England, whose people we frequently ;
take pains to represent as downtrodden and i
tax-ridden—beyond all question the greatest i
manufacturing, and now the greatest eommer- 1
cial nation on the globe, made so by our folly— ]
their tariff has but fifty-five items in it for |
all the various departments of business, while ;
ours has, I have no doubt, at least five thou- j
sand five hundred.
It is easy to sen to what extent fraud, cor-
ruption, smuggling, and all the arts resorted to .
by bad men who seek public position merely
for plunder, and who think it. no crime to rob ;
the Government, is necossarily fostered and
encouraged by such a tax-list, and how the ordi-
nary expenses of the Government are swelled
beyond measure in keeping up such a horde
of custom-house officers and the swarms of
thieves, spips, and informers that are their ad-
juncts and ictainers. Never before was such I
taxation as we are now subjected to considered
even by the most, ardent advocates of protec- i
tion as possible. Thirty per cent, average on
taxables, with a large free list, when the people i
were exempt from the enormous internal rev-
enue taxation tinder which we are now groan-
ing, was deemed even by them the utmost limit
of the taxable capacity of American industry; ,
and. that, was only expected to be temporary
till we eould build up manufacturing and other
industries requiring a large outlay of capital, 1
which' few then possessed, and to enable us
to educate and train our mechanics and artisans
to the standard of skill attained in other older
and richer couiJtries. Experience proved that
American industry needed no such stimulus as
either thirty or twenty five per cent, tax in the
form of a tariff, and that the people ought not,
to be required to make such a sacrifice. It
was gradually reduced, till in 1800 and j800 1
the per cent, on dutiable articles was nineteen
per cent, in the same currency as the people
obtained for thei: products, and on the aggre-
gate of imports fourteen per cent.
I call the attention of members to the table <
marked Appendix F, at the close of Mr. Wells's 1
report for 18(18, which shows the revenue col- I
lected each year from 1789 to 1808, the amount |
of dutiable imports and free goods imported i
annually, and the average rate of duty on im-
ports. 1 will read only those of 18G0 and 18f>8, '
as sufficiently illustrating my argument: i
I860. IbGS. :
Custom-..    $.">3,187,511 00 $104,464,599 5t> j
Free  90,841.719 00 29,811+, 147 (O i
Dutiable  275),872,327 00 13,(105,301 00 j
Total  $302,166,2-51 00 ^'373,409,418 SO \
Percent.dutiable.. .. 19.00 47.80
1'cr cent, aggregate... 14.07 44.00
It will thus be seen that while the total im-
ports increased only a fraction over $11,000,000
with twenty-one per cent, increase of popu-
lation, the direct tax paid, of course, by the
American consumer to obtain the goods im-
ported, amounted in 18G8 to $111,000,000 in j
gold at a premium of, say, thirty-five more than !
in I860; besides, as I have attempted to show,
and could demonstrate if I had time, paying to
the monopolists for whose benefit this tariff ia
imposed not.leas, than $333,000,000, or three
times the amount of the tax obtained by the
Government. Perhaps the best way to get a
birds-eye view of the ruinous effect of the pres-
ent tariff on American industry, in general is
to look for a moment at its effect on American
commerce, and for that purpose I tarn again
to the report of Commissioner Wells for 1869,
page 30, taking the years 1860 and 1869 as the
test. He gives this table:
Imports, exports, and reimports.
1860. 1869.
Total trade : .$782,288,550 #876,364,060
American vessels.    607,247,757 288,916,927
Foreign vessels  255,040,793 587,447,133
Preponderance, Ameriaan $252,206,964
Preponderance, foreign   $288,530,206
Gain at eight per cont.,
American £20,178.557
Gain at eight per oent., for-
eign  $23,882,419
It will thus b® seen that nine years ago, under
a low tariff, our commercial marine in corape-
tion with foreign nations for the carrying of
our imports, exports, and reexports, allowing
eight per cent, as the profit, realized over them
all annually $20;176,657; while under our
present high tariff not only is all that lost, but
foreigners make out of us,annually in that trade
a balance of $23,882,416, a difference against
us in that branch of industry of $44,058,973—
within a fraction of §9,000,000 of the whole
amount collected under the tariff of 1800, and
almost enough to pay the whole expenses of
the Government atthattime. The$44,000,000
thus lost annually is gone forever and spent
in foreign countries. If our own people getour
money, whether honestly or dishonestly, tho
country gets some benefit of it. Whether it
is spent in building fine houses, extending fac-
tories, opening mines, or even in fine carriages,
fast, horses, or at the gaming table, somebody
gets it who uses it at home. The loss of our
commerce has no such redeeming or restoring
influence ; oncc gone, all paid out not only
weakens us but strengthens rival nations. At
the close of 1800 the tonnage of the world was
as follows:
Tons.
Owned bj tho Un'ltod States  5,530,813
By Groat Britain and dependencies   5,898,36V)
By all other nations    5,806,767
Total  17,235,94!)
It. will thus be seen that nine years ago we
had almost one third of the tonnage of the
world in our hands—nearly as much as Eng-
land, and within a fraction of as much as
all the other nations of the earth. Where is
itV England has nearly doubled; other na-
tions have leaped forward in the race, and
we, with an increase of commercial wealth and
population in the last ten years unequaled by
any of them, have fallen back, so that on tbe
3d day of June, 1868, we had only 4,318,309
tons. Do you answer by saying that the Ala-
bama and other rebel cruisers destroyed our
ships. To some extent that was true; but for
every ship destroyed there were fifty factories
and machine-shops destroyed by the contend-
ing armies on our own soil. Sherman, in
his march to the sea, destroyed more of the
elements of national wealth than forty Ala-
bamas could have done. Why are all the in-
ternal factories and work-shops built up and
restored? Because Congress has taxed the
whole people by the monopolies granted to
manufacturers, and thus enabled them to do
so. Why are not. our ships rebuilt and our
commerce restored? Because you have taxed
by your tariffs and your internal revenue every-
thing that, constitutes a ship, from the first plank
and the first nail that is used to the last rope
that is tied, from fifty to two hundred and fifty
per cent., so that an iron steamer that costs
$150,000 in Glasgow will cost $250,000 in New
York ; and a fishiDg schooner costing $60,000
