1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
Whenever this proposition is up great appre-
hension is expressed lest we should break faith
with foreigners; they seem to be the objects
of our special solicitude and care at that
time, however they may be regarded when
tariffs are being considered. We do collect
taxes on the income of all bonds issued by all
railroad, canal, turnpike companies, &c., and
on all dividends on the stock of such compa-
nies, to whomsoever payable, including non-
residents, whether citizens or aliens, (see section
122 of act of July 13,1864.) And even in Eng-
land no discrimination was ever made and no
such reluctance felt about taxing foreigners
who held the obligations of the Government;
there all are taxed alike. It is a mere dodge
to deceive the people, who are slow to under-
stand why they should be taxed at every turn
and the bondholder go free ; rather, why they
shall be taxed for the purpose of enriching
him and saving him from taxation. If ever
the question of taxing the bonds can again be
brought before the House, I hope the twenty-
ninth rule of this House, which provides " that
no member shall vote on any question in the
event of which he is immediately and particu-
larly interested," will be enforced. Of course
no Holder of a bond will be allowed to vote. I
think in that state of the case there will be
but little difficulty in taxing the bonds ; and if
it had been enforced the act of March 16,1869,
never would have passed. I have no doubt
that the paper of this Government, if so used
as to give the people instead of a few bankers
the benefit of the national credit, is a safer,
cheaper, more elastic, and less fluctuating
medium of exchange for all the purposes of
business than gold ever can be made with our
present circulation, and that it is not only not
desirable', but would in the present condition of
the country be utterly ruinous to all the indus-
tries of the people to attempt to bring about
or attempt to require specie payments.
Even if our paper was at par in gold to-day
we ought not to require it to be redeemed in
gold. Any attempt to do so, with three fourths
of the banking capital concentrated in New Eng-
land and along the Atlantic sea-board, with the
control that the money and stock gamblers
in New York have over the finances of the
country, the whole Westcouldintwo weeks be
drained of all its resources, and all its produce
be put down to such prices as the gold gam-
blers chose to pay, or else thoy could bring
universal bankruptcy and ruin on all the pro-
ducing interests west of the Alleghany mount-
ains. It is to obtain that absolute control
over the property of the country by a few cap-
italists that all the present clamor for a speedy
return to specie payments is raised. The ordi-
nary expenditures of the Government now and
for years to come, unless we have a change of
rulers and of policy, greatly exceeds, and will
continue to exceed, the amount of gold now in
the United States. We have in round num-
bers $700,000,000 in currency. We collect as
revenue in one form and other, independent of
extortions on private account, annually, say,
$350,000,000, while the gold coin in the United
States available for currency cannot exceed
$250,000,000. Of this gold the Secretary of the
Treasury collects on impostduties $180,000,000
annually. A few banks and bondholders by
retaining six months' gold interest could lock
up all the balance. A demand for specie pay-
ments from the people would find them not
only without a dollar to redeem the $700,000,-
000 of currency, but their property would be
taken from them and sold under the hammer
for whatever the speculator might see fit to
give.
I repeat, it is to bring about just such results
that the clamor for specie payments is raised
and maintained. The legislator who would
sanction it is a public enemy. Why, sir, even
before the war, when the Government only
collected for all its revenues about sixty-three
million dollars, a sum equal to between one
third and one fourth of the gold in the coun-
try, great commercial distress frequently en-
sued by the withdrawal even of the portion
of that sum which at times accumulated in the
Treasury, and means of granting relief had to
be devised in a great variety of ways. Now,
when annually over one hundred million dol-
lars in money, more than all the gold available
for commerce in the United States, has to pass
through the Treasury, and at least may be
hoarded there, certain and inevitable ruin
would follow. Then you will speedily realize
the truth of what the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Bdtler] said on this floor on
the 14th of July, 1868, when the proposition
to tax the bonds was under consideration :
"The farmer as he toils under the burning sun to
earn the money to pay his taxes sees his neighbor
riding luxuriously by in his carriage over the high-
way which farmers taxes only have built and main-
tained. His neighbor's children and his own go to
the same school, supported by his taxes alone. Ho
ponders as he labors upon the systom of laws which
thus compels him to work to pay for the education
of his wealthy neighbor's children; and, as ho re-
flects, he will convince himself that he is suffering a
bitter, burning wrong, and no argument will con-
vince him to tho contrary. If, then, you expect the
farmer to vote for any man or party that retains a
system of taxation whioh works such results you
expect what never has happened, and what ought
never to happen in any civilized land. Chango it
how you will or can, but it must be changed. If you
do not give relief by law tho peoplo will rolicvo
themselves without you. The arguments by which
you justify and sustain it, however specious orhow-
cvor sound, will fall unhoeded on unwilling ears.
You may cry 'good faith' till you are hoarse. You
will be answered that there is no good faith which
works injustice and wrong to a whole people. There
is this alternative, no other; ponder it well—equal-
ized taxation or repudiation I"
The gross injustice of the present system of
distribution of the currency can be seen at a
glance by reference to the appendix to the
report of the Comptroller of the Currency, laid
before Congress at the opening of its present
session, which shows tho number of banks,
amount of capital, amount of bonds deposited
and in circulation in each State and Territory
on the 30th of September, 1869. It shows that
out of $432,163,611 of capital paid in, the six
New England States, New York, Pennsylva-
nia, and Maryland have $341,759,516 ; while
the twenty-three western and southern States
and the nine Territories have all, put together,
only $72,786,210. Massachusetts alone has
$85,082,000 ; nearly twelve million three hun-
dred thousand dollars more than all of them.
Rhode Island, hardly big enough to make a de-
cent-sized county, has $20,361,800, being more
than all tho States and Territories west of the
Mississippi and all the cotton-growing States
of the South combined. Connecticut has nearly
two millions more than Ohio, and about as
much as Illinois and Indiana combined. Ken-
tucky has only $2,885,000, whiie my district
alone has more crops to move and more capa-
city for the production of all that supports life
than the State of Massachusetts with Rhode
Island thrown in. And all this injustice is per-
petrated in the face of the law approved March
3, 1865, which provides—
" That $150,000,000of the entire amountof circulat-
ing notes authorized to be issued shall be appor-
tioned to associations in the States, in tho District
of Columbia, and in the Territories, according to
representative population, and the remainder shall
be apportioned by the Secretary of the Treasury
among associations formed in the several States, in
the District of Columbia, and in the Territories,
having due regard to the existing banking capital,
resources, and business of such State., District, and
Territory."
That is on a par with all the balance of the
management of affairs under Radical rule.
New England gets the lion's share, and her
representatives from the western States not
only stand by and see the people they pretend
to represent robbed to enrich her, but by their
votes on this floor aid in the robbery, and de-
nounce any man who proposes to tax the
bonds or who objects to the proposition to
resume specie payments, or to the payment of
the bonds in gold, to the robbing of the West
and South, as repudiators. I hope the peo-
ple of these States will take the matter in
hand, and I believe they will. They have stood
by and seen the southern people—their natural
allies on all these questions—robbed, plun-
dered, deprived of representation, and crushed
under the heel of a military despotism till
they, too, are about to be made to pass under
the yoke ; but they have yet the power to throw
off the shackles of the moneyed aristocracy and
the protected monopolies, and, my word for it.
they will do it at the next election.
Now, a word or two before the hammer fells
as to our present system of national banks, and
I have only time to suggest principles, not to
argue details. I have already shown that
nearly alHhe banking capital is concentrated
in the East, the banks of Massachusetts
alone, as in everything else in the shape of
monopoly, having more than all the West,
which of course they would not want if the
people could not be taxed for their benefit.
On their $65,230,500 of bonds deposited her
bankers draw, in the first place, $3,913,830 in
gold per annum, payable semi-annually, all
of which, principal and interest, is free from
taxation ; they then receive from the Govern-
ment for nothing currency to the amount of
$60,104,670, to be loaned by them to the peo-
ple of the whole country at from nine to fifteen
per cent.; which privilege is worth at least six
per cent., being over three million six hun-
dred thousand dollars a year more. These
banks thus organized become depositories of
Government money, on which they also bank;
all of which, together with the deposits made
by private individuals, enable these banking
monopolies to make not less than twenty or
twenty-five per cent, per annum on their invest-
ments. I properly call them monopolies, be-
cause no man or set of men can get the same
privileges, no matter what security they may
offer or how great they may show the wants
of the country where they reside to be. They
will be told, and are told, that all the banking
facilities- and capital permitted by law have
been granted ; and when propositions such as
that made by the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Coeuen] are brought before Congress to
equalize the circulation as the law requires the
New England representatives, and especially
her twelve Senators, repi-esenting over one
million less people than the two Senators from
New York, have power enough to vote it down
or lay it away among the rubbish of the com-
mittee-room. It is high time that all this was
changed, and Congress has the power to
change it.
The last section (sixty-four) of the act ap-
proved June 3,1864, entitled "An act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," provides
"that Congress may at any time amend, alter,
or repeal this act." The time to repeal it has
come, and there can be no charge of bad faith
in so doing—which is the common charge when
bankers and bondholders are in trouble—as
the right is expressly and in unqualified terms
reserved on the face of the acts as plainly as
that greenbacks shall be a legal tender for all
debts public and private is indorsed on their
back.
Sir, the credit of a nation is its most valu-
able and most available means of relieving
itself from debt, and of enabling it to manage
its affairs so as to prevent a sacrifice of tho
property of its people; hence the powers
vested by the Constitution in Congress to bor-
row money on the credit of the United States,
to regulate commerce, to regulate the value of
money, to provide for the punishment of coun-
terfeiting the securities and current coin of the
United States; and a wise Government will
use its public credit as a prudent man uses his
own. What man when in debt ever gave his
credit to others and paid them besides for
depriving bim of its use? Who would trust a
man that would so act? Yet that is what this
Government has done and is doing by its pres-
ent banking system. Needing all its credit,
having unlimited resources, it transfers them
