1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
West Virginia objects, and it will be placed
upon the Calendar.
ALi'liED CALDWELL.
Mr. BOREMAN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
"Whereas it is alleged by the administrator of Alfred
Caldwell, deceased, late consul to Honolulu, that in
making the last statement of the account of said
Caldwell as such consul the accounting officers of the
Treasury Department have committed error, to the
great prejudice of the estate of said decedent; and
whereas the said accounting officers affirm that they
cannot reopen said account unless authorized so to
do by act or resolution of Congress: Therefore,
Resolved, That this subject be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commercefortheirinvestigation, and that
they report what relief, if any, the said administrator
is entitled to in the premises.
FOREIGN AND TERRITORIAL APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed
to communicate to the Senate a list of all appoint-
ments the commissions for which were issued from
his Department to officers, the duties of which haye
been at any time heretofore or are now exercised in
any of the Territories belonging to the United States,
or in any foreign country; and that he give also the
amount of compensation allowed to each of said ap-
pointments and the State from whence appointed.
DISMISSED NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. WARNER. I offer the following reso-
lution j and ask for its present consideration:
jUesolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to send to the Senate the record of the trial
of William Pollard, which resulted in his dismissal
from the ISTavy in 1867; and also the records in the
eases of 3?. W. Mintzer, acting ensign United States
Navy, and Horace B.Mullan, lieutenant commander
United States Navy.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. WARNER. I will simply say that I
offered a resolution the other day calling on
the Secretary of the Navy to report the facts
in the ease of Mr. Pollard. The Secretary of
the Navy felt bound under the resolution only
to report the fact of Mr. Pollard's dismissal
and the date of dismissal. I now call for the
record in the case. The case has seemed to
me, under the petition of Mr. Pollard, one of
hardship, as he was the only man in the Navy
from the State of Alabama who was loyal to
the flag throughout the war.
The resolution was adopted.
PUBLIC LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. CASSERLY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thatwithaviewto themorespeedy settle-
ment and disposition of the public lands of tne United
States m the State of California the Committee on
Public Lands be instructed to consider the propriety
of a law for a general system respecting said lands
and for distributing the same into different elapses, the
first class to consist of agricultural lands of the first
quality; the second class, of all other agricultural
lands; the third class, of pasture lands; the fourth
class, of timbered lands of the first quality; the fifth,
of all other timbered lands; the sixth class, of lands
bearing gold, silver, and Quicksilver; the seventh
class, of lands containing any other metals or miner-
als; and, if the said committee shall find it proper, to
report a bill accordingly.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the currency bill, being
the unfinished business at the adjournment on
Friday evening, is before the Senate. Several
Senators have risen for the purpose of pre-
senting resolutions. Does the Senator from
Ohio consent to have the unfinished business
passed over informally until the morning hour
business is concluded ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Chair
will continue to receive resolutions.
GLOBE OF 18(36-67.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be re-
quested toesamine the second and third parts of tnc
Globe of 1866 and 1867, and report what action is
necessary to correct the misplacement of dates and
pages of those volumes.
MILITARY COMMISSION IX GEORGIA.
Mr. NORTON submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be,
and are hereby, instructed to inquire and report to
the Senate as soon as practicable by what authority,
if any, General Terry has organized and convened a
military commission to inquire into the eligibility
of senators and representatives el eeted to th e Legisla-
ture of the State of Georgia and their right to hold
seats in that body; and for the purpose of facilitating
such inquiry the President of the United States be,
and he is hereby, requested, and the Secretary of War
and the General of the Army, and each of them, are
hereby directed, to communicate to the Senate copies
of allorderswhich they or eitherof them have issued,
and ofallcorrespondcnce which they or either of them
have had with the said General Terry or tho Governor
of Georgia; and, generally, all official information
they or either of them may have on that subject or
with reference to the action or proceedings of such
military commission.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to the consider-
ation of that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made to its consideration, the resolution will
lie over.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That one thousand copies of the report
of the Postmaster General, in compliance with the
resolution of the Senate of the 17th instant, be printed
for the use of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 104) granting a pension
to Mrs. Mary Lincoln, widow of the late Presi-
dent of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
IRON-CLAD CONTRACTORS.
Mr. BOREMAN. A few moments since I
objected to the consideration of a bill which
was reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs. I think had the matter been fully
explained there would have been no objection.
I understand now the substance of the bill,
and I wish to withdraw my objection so that
the bill may be considered.
The YICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further objection the joint resolution (S. Ii.
No. 92) for the relief of certain contractors
for the construction of vessels of war and
steam machinery will be considered as before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and
the question is on striking out the preamble.
The Chair hears no objection, and the pre-
amble is stricken out. The question now recurs
on the two amendments reported by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The amendments were agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the joint resolution as it stands
amended.
The joint resolution, as amended, was read.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Missouri state what is the amount of these
claims and what is their nature ?
Mr. DRAKE. I will explain the matter in
a very few words for the satisfaction of any
Senator who desires to be informed upon the
subject.
On the 2d day of March, 18G7, an act was
passed "for the relief of certain contractors
for the construction of vessels of war and steam
machinery," directing the Secretary of tho
Navy to investigate the claims of all such con-
tractors for damages on account of delays in
the construction of the vessels and machinery
caused by the Government. Two investiga-
tions were made under that act. The princi-
ples of the investigation are very fully stated
in the act, very carefully and perspicuously
drawn. There is no mistake at all as to what
principles shall govern in the ascertainment of
these claims. The amount of them is the very
thing that is to be ascertained. It cannot be,
named. As I said, two investigations were had;
One of them allowed to a large number of
contractors a certain sum; the other investiga-
tion allowed them nothing. Six contractors
obtained an allowance from the commission
which the Secretary of the Navy appointed, and
they received their pay while all the rest re-
ceived nothing. There being one report in favor
of them and another against them, all they ask
is to be allowed to go into the Court of Claims
and prove up their claims upon the basis laid
down in the act of March 2, 1887, not in the
general, not upon any loose motion of equity,
but upon the strictly definite basis of the act
of March 2, 1867. The Senate has heretofore
considered the subject and passed the bill in
precisely the shape that we now desire to pass
it, except that it then had the preamble which
has now been struck out.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have not
seen this bill, but I have a distinct recollection
of having been somewhat acquainted with the
subject-matter once, and of having opposed, if
I am not mistaken, the passage of a bill which
the Senator says this is a copy of. I wish the
Senator would allow this to lie over.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin did not oppose tho bill, but he pro-
posed a proviso to it which the Senate adopted,
which proviso I have in the very words in which
he proposed it, and which the Senate has added
to this bill, according to the report of the com-
mittee, so that the bill stands now in the iden-
tical shape in which it was passed by the Senate
as amended upon the motion of the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, and failed to pass the
other House for want of sufficient time.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator cannot be in a
great hurry about this, and I prefer that he
should let it lie over.
Mr. DRAKE. If there were any reason,
if new light were to be thrown upon the sub-
ject, if anything were to be brought out that was
not brought out before, and directly within the
knowledge of the Senator from Wiscoasin I
would agree to let it lie over; but I hope the
Senator will not press that request. We are
only doing now just what was done before with
his own consent, after his amendment was put
on.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN._ If this is going to give
rise to debate I must insist on the regular order.
Mr. HOWE. I shall not make any debate
on the bill, because I am not prepared to do it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Ohio calls for the. regular order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am in favor of the bill
and I have no doubt that it will pass when the
Senator from Wisconsin has time to examine
it. I examined it myself at the last session.
Mr. HOWE. I simply ask the Senator from
Missouri to consent to let it lie over until to-
morrow. I cannot state any very conclusive
reason why it should lie over. My recollection
is that I was opposed to the passage of this bill.
The Senator says I am mistaken in that fact.
My recollection is very indistinct about it, but
this claim has been before the Government in
different forms a great many times and for a
great many years ; and that is one reason, I
think, why we should not pass it in a great
hurry. But still I shall not divide the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I will not press it now against
the Senator's request.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order.
THE CURRENCY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
is the bill (S. No. 378) to provide a national
currency of coin notes and to equalize the dis-
tribution of circulating notes. _ ...
The bill was read the second time by its title,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the bill be
reported in full.
The Secretary read the bill, as lollows :
Be it enacted, &e.. That $15,000,008 in notes for cir-
culation may be issued to national banking assoeia-
