702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
million square miles of territory. We are
working forty million people. We have the
freest and most productive industry on the
globe. We are withdrawing a population of
half a million annually from the eastern con-
tinent, and it is estimated they bring twenty
million dollars per year. The world is thus
contritating the means with which to pay off
our debt.
Are we to be told that he who has ten dollars
cannot pay one; that he who has $25,000
cannot pay $2,500, having his own time in
which to pay ?
France embraces an area of two hundred and
eleven thousand square miles; about one fif-
teenth the area of the United States. Her
population in 1866 was returned at a little over
thirty-eight millions. Her funded debt in 1864
was £492,637,872 sterling, which is but a trifle
less than the debt of the United States. The
current ordinary expenses of her Government,
exclusive of interest on her debt and of the
cost of wars in which she is almost constantly
engaged, are about three hundred and fifty
million dollars per annum. When the savages
on the plains and those on the plantations
also shall once more learn the respect due to
treaties and laws, $350,000,000 will pay all
expenses of this Government, ordinary and
extraordinary, and will furnish a sinking fand
that in thirty years will extinguish the principal
of the debt.
Great Britain has a population about three
fourths the number of ours. She has an area
twenty-five of which would rattle within the
circumference of the United States. Her pub-
lic debt is one third larger than ours, and the
ordinary expenditures of her Government,
exclusive of interest on her debt, are about two
hundred and twenty million dollars per annum.
What Great Britain expends for the cost of
administration in excess of our expenditures
upon the same account would alone pay our
debt in forty years. "No large national debt
was ever paid or discharged except by repudi-
ation." Such is the testimony of Mr. Walker,
in his " Science of Wealth." Therefore, urge
the advocates of repudiation, the American
debt should be repudiated. Professor Walker
records a sad historical truth, but the repudiator
makes a sadder use of it. No great national
debt ever was paid. But shall no great national
debt ever be paid ? What if the world has
been filled with fraud ? Shall the world never
learn to be honest? No great national debt
ever was paid. But when did a free people
ever before voluntarily promise to pay a great
debt incurred in their own defense and for their
own salvation? This debt was not imposed
upon an unwilling people ; the people sternly
demanded it. The burdens of the late war
were not forced upon the people ; on the con-
trary, the people voluntarily assumed them.
Before the commencement of this era who
had ever died to make atonement for sinners?
But did Jesus therefore shun the cross? The
Republic may not find a precedent for the pay-
ment of her debt; but it is her high privilege
to make a precedent. The historian of to-day
can reproach the nations with universal repu-
diation. The Republic will wip.e that reproach
from the historic page. Our debt will be paid.
The public debt may be divided into two
classes. The one draws interest and is not
yet due; the other draws no interest and is due.
Of the debt already funded there is but a small
part which by the terms of the contract we are
now permitted to pay; and even that sum we
are not required to pay for many years to come.
The existence of this portion of the debt, there-
fore, reflects no dishonor upon the nation. It
is not paid because it is not due ; but less than
four hundred millions of the debt consists of
United States notes and of fractional currency.
This is all debt and is all due ; yet many of
our people and some of our legislators seem to
labor under the strange delusion that these
notes instead of being classed with the debts
of the nation are properly to be scheduled
with its assets ; and so instead of endeavoring
to liquidate them as debts due, they are studious
to invent some way to liquidate with them debts
which are not due. Yet I say these notes are
intrinsically debts and not assets. They are
really something to be paid and not means of
payment. As much as the bonds they are
issued upon the " credit'' of the nation. It is
so expressly declared by each of the acts under
which they are issued.
By each of those acts the Secretary of the
Treasury was authorized to prescribe the form
of the note to be issued, and in pursuance of
that authority he issued them in the form of a
promise to pay " dollars" on demand. Every
note was issued "on the credit of the United
States." Both the words of the statute
and the words of the note import a perfect
contract to pay "dollars" on demand. It is
true the statute declares those notes to be
"legal tender" for both public and private
debts, with certain specified exceptions. So,
when a citizen of Boston, in August, 1868,
transmitted to the Treasurer of the United
States one of these promises to pay ten dollars
and demanded payment for it, the Treasurer
could not deny it was a debt; he could not deny
that the credit of the United States was sol-
emnly pledged for its payment. He did not
feel authorized to return ten dollars in coiu for
it. But he could not allow the national credit
to suffer, and so he was bound to make an
effort. He looked again into the statute. He
found the note was not only a debt either pub-
lic or private, but it was also a legal tender for
itself in either case. As in every human nature
it is said the angelic and the devilish con-
stantly struggle for the mastery, so the Treas-
urer found there was a war in the members of
the greenback between the principles of debt
and of cash. Eternity alone can reveal the issue
of the human strife. The Treasurer settled
the question for the greenback. And I think
we shall all contemplate the future of mankind
with all the more confidence for the assurance
that the good triumphed over the bad in the
greenback. The principle of cash swallowed
up the principle of debt, and the Treasurer
blandly returned the note to his correspondent
in payment for itself. Still it is said, that with
a persistency truly devilish, the same note con-
stantly reappears in actual life and constantly
reasserts itself as debt; for all the world as if
it had never been paid at all. I do not by these
remarks intend anything like a criticism upon
the action of the able Treasurer of the United
States. I make no question that he did his
whole duty so far as the law would let him do
it. It was not his fault but it was the fault of
the law that he was left "like a man to double
purpose bound ;" charged to respect the green-
back as the obligation of his Government, and
yet with it liquidate all obligations as with the
coin of the Republic.
And yet it is manifest that when the statute
authorized the Secretary to issue those notes
"upon the credit of the United States" it
meant to plight the national faith to something
more than that the Treasurer should as often
as a note was presented for payment return the
note to the owner. And it is quite as manifest
that it was not intended for the Treasurer actu-
ally to pay such notes in coin when presented,
because it is notorious that the notes were only
issued because the Government had not and
could not obtain the coin.
What, then, was the real contract to which
the credit of the United States stands pledged
by the several acts under which those notes
have been issued?
No one, I think,will assert that the Govern-
ment would ever have issued a single note for
the mere purpose of saving interest. That
would have been simply dishonest. When the
soldier had served a month he had earned a
month's wages; and when the farmer had sold
the Government a barrel of beef he had earned
its price. Bach was entitled to his pay in
something which could be exchanged freely
and without diminution for any other com-
modity. The means for such payment Govern-
ments ordinarily obtain by taxation. Loans
are resorted to only to purchase exemption
from taxation. All share in the benefit of the
exemption. All should contribute to the cost
of it. But to compel a loan without interest
is simply robbery.. It compels a part to carry
the burden which is confessedly too heavy for
the whole.
But the Government was compelled to bor-
row. It could not borrow coin for. it was not
to be had. It dared not borrow bank notes, for
those could not then be converted into coin,
and as the banks might fail their notes might
never be converted. United States notes were
resorted to not as a refuge' against borrowing
on interest but to supply a medium which the
Government could safely borrow and pay in-
terest upon. Hence the acts of February and
July, 1862, which authorized the issue of the first
$300,000,000 of legal-tender notes, expressly
declared that while the notes should not draw
interest they should be convertible, at the pleas-
ure of the holder, into bonds which did draw
interest.
In my judgment the two great financial blun-
ders of the times were: first, in issuing those
notes in the form of promises to pay on demand;
and, second, in refusing to allow them to be
converted into interest-bearing bonds, as we
did after the 1st of July, 1863. By thefirstact
we deliberately sanctioned the utterance of a
promise which we meant to repudiate, and by
the second we deliberately repudiated a prom-
ise which we had meant to redeem. It was
my opinion at the time that no note should be
issued which promised payment on demand,
and none should be issued which the holder
could not at pleasure convert into interest-
bearing bonds. These opinions I stated on the
12th of February, 1862, and I venture to repro-
duce that statement now, because I believe our
experience since has abundantly justified it. I
then said:
"It seems to me the Government should never
issuo a note of any denomination, promising thereby
to pay specie for it on demand." * * ■*
Sir, whatever may bo allowed to bankers in their
dealings with the people, or whatever may be allowed
to individuals trafficking with each other, this Gov-
ernment, representing, as it does, the integrity, the
morality, and the religion of the moEt privileged
nation upon the earth, should never, no, never, tor-
feit its promise to the people, nor withhold a sylla-
ble from the performance of its plighted faith. Its
contracts, like its records, should import absolute
verity.
" There is no stain upon the character of the Gov-
ernment if its bond, payable in ten or twenty years,
sells for ninety cents on the dollar, although the
Government may havo received par for it. It ar-
gues, not that the Government is insolvent or unsafe,"
but that the holder is needy. It is all the same as if
one, to supply a present want sell his horse for $200,
for which he paid $225. But when a man sells a
Government note for ninety cents in the market for
which theGovernmenthas promised to pay,but can-
not pay, one hundred at sight, it inflicts an almost
indelible stigma upon the national character. There
is nothing more humiliating to every just sense of
national pride than to seethe Government,the chosen
representative of the national resources, standing in
the market places with the brand of insolvency upon
its brow, and dishonored by the protest of every
huckster there." * * * * * *
"For all these reasons I am persuaded the Gov-
ernment should issue no promise to pay coin on
demand. If it has the coin or can get it for such
interest as a Government ought to pay, it ought to
pay out the coin. If on the contrary the Govern-
ment has not the coin, it should issue its note con-
vertible on demand, in limited sums, into interest-
paying stocks.
"Authorize tho issuo of stocks to the amount of
your appropriations, less the revenue applicable to
them. Authorise the exchange of those stocks for
coin or Treasury notes at par. Make thenotes, like
the coin, a sufficient tender for all debts due to both
Government and to individuals. Congress has the
powerto ' regulate the value' of both. Letthevalue
of both be the same. Then, whoever prefers the in-
terest on the stocks to the use of money will invest
either the com or notes in the stocks. But whoever
needs money more than the interest of it will keep
the coin or notes in circulation."—Appendix to Con-
gressional Globe, Thirty-Seventh Congress, second
session, p. 54.
Had these opinions prevailed, had no demand
note been issued, it is evident the excellent
Treasurer of the United States would not have
been forced upon the marvelous expedient of
