1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
redeeming an overdue piomise by the reissue
of it, and quite as evident that we should not
have seen what we now see, a large party clam-
oring for the most marvelous expedient ever
heard of in the whole history of finance, that
of paying off the funded debt with the floating
debt of the nation.
But these opinions did not prevail. The
notes were issued in the form of demand notes,
yet they were not to be paid on demand. What,
then, was the obligation to which, the credit of
the United States was pledged by the law ? It
seems to me to have been this : that the notes
should be redeemed as soon as the means could
be obtained without other sacrifice to the bor-
rower than the loss of interest.
As it is evident the creditor would never have
been compelled to take the notes for the mere
purpose of saving interest, so it seems to me
palpably unjust to compel the creditor to carry
them a day longer if the means to pay them
can now be borrowed without other sacrifice to
the people than the payment of interest.
Others are studious in search of means to
reduce the funded debt and so to save the pay-
ment of interest. But in my judgment there
are two controlling reasons why the floating
debt should be first provided for.
First. It is not so hard for a debtor to pay
interest 011 what he honestly owes as for the
creditor to be denied interest on what is hon-
estly due him; and
kiecoad. The bonded debt reflects no dishonor
upon the nation because the nation is not yet
required to pay it.
But these protested demand notes are an
active and bitter reproach upon the integrity
and good faith of the nation, because they con-
stantly flout the business world with promises
which are as constantly broken. They " keep
the word of promise to our ear and break it to
our hope.
What,then,shall bedone with the legal-tender
notes? Three plans have been proposed for
the disposal of them. First, it was proposed
to collect them by taxation at a given rate per
month and destroy them as fast as collected.
That plan has been tried once, and although
the late Secretary of the Treasury in his last
report asserted its wisdom he conceded it was
not likely to be tried again. In that opinion I
fully concur. One trial of such a plan is unques-
tionably enough. It was harsh and cruel. It
demanded of the people in taxes $250,000,000
annually, lobe returned again in disbursements
from the Treasury. That of itself is a pretty
heavy exaction. But to require $50,000,000
more per annum, not to be returned at all, but
to be destroyed, is a form of taxation not cal-
culated to be popular with any intelligent peo-
ple.
Considered as a plan for paying the green-
backs it is undoubtedly more efficient than
that pursued by the Treasurer. The latter, as
we have seen, pays the note by reissuing it.
The late Secretary would pay it by confiscating
it. If wo are to regard the wishes of the ci editor
at all I would not be surprised to find that lie
would quite as lief keep the note as to have it
paid in that way. . I have heard of an indigent
traveler who applied for a chance to work his
passage on a canal-boat. He was put to lead
the horse on the tow-path. It is said that after
pursuing that avocation one day the traveler
concluded he would quite as soon go afoot.
And so, after the late Secretary had pursued this
mode of payment for a few months, it did not
astonish me to hear the whole community pro-
test, with considerable emphasis that he need
not pay any more.
Another plan urged upon the favor of Con-
gress is just to direct the payment of the notes
in coin as they are presented. I cannot con-
ceive of a plan more simple than that or fairer.
Just pay your notes m specie according to their
terms and you have done your whole duty.
You will have wiped the reproach from off all
greenbacks, if not the tears from off all faces.
Do that, and the whole dispute is settled. I
hesitate to offer a single objection to a plan
which offers so satisfactory a solution of the
whole difficulty. I will not offer but one objec-
tion, and that is the plan is utterly impossible.
Sir, it cannot be done. The advocates of
this plan readily concede the impracticability
ofactualiy redeeming a circulation of nearly four
hundred millions with a specie reserve of eighty
or ninety millions. But they urge that if the
Government will but advertise that they are
ready to redeem no one will desire redemp-
tion. But if that be so, why did the Govern-
ment ever suspend ? In July, 1861, the banks
were regularly redeeming their issues in coin;
the Treasury was regularly disbursing coin to
the public creditors.
The circulation in all the banks in the non-
seceding States did not exceed $150,000,000.
At that time Congress authorized the issue of
the inconsiderable sum of $50,000,OOOof Treas-
ury notes, which were in form payable and
were in fact to be paid in specie, 011 demand;
but only $33,460,000 of that amount were
issued before the Government took refuge in
suspension. Either that must be condemned
as an act of criminal cowardice or the plan now
under consideration must be condemned as a
measure full of criminal presumption.
Sir, the future historian would be surprised
to find that the same generation at one time
cowered under the obligation to redeem less
than thirty-four millions of paper, none of
which was dishonored, and at another time,
only eight years later, was found blustering with
the pretense that they could redeem nearly four
hundred millions of like paper, every dollar
of which is hideous with every form of protest,
except that of the notaries, and which is now
selling in the market at a discount of twenty-two
cents on the dollar. But, sir, the historian will
be spared that shock. No such aStempt will
be made by this generation. The impractica-
bility of it has been forcibly stated 011 this floor.
The Senator from Indiana has done his country
great service by the earnestness with which he
lias admonished us against that attempt. He
has, however, invited us to another enterprise
which in my judgment is not less imprudent.
He clearly sees and has forcibly demonstrated
how unwise it would be for the Government to
attempt resumption in the present condition
of the Treasury. But he believes and he would
have us believe that by hoarding its surplus
gold receipts for some two years and a half
the Treasury may be putin condition to render
resumption safe and successful.
It is not easy to pursuade a man blessed with
a keen appetite and good digestion to starve
for two years and a half merely by promising
him a thanksgiving feast at the end of the time.
And I do not think the hungering trade of this
country will consent to have gold piled up in
the Treasury for two years upon any promise
of getting it cheap then.
It is said that the man who undertook to
teachhis horse to live without eating succecded.
But the horse died just as he acquired the trick.
And I should fear that under this process trade
would perish before the Treasury was full
enough to feed it.
But I am confident the Treasury would be
110 better prepared to resume specie payments
at the end of two years and a half than it is
now. To me the question whether the Gov-
ernment shall commence redemption with a
reserve of $80,000,000 or of $200,000,000 seems
to be purely a question of pluck and not of
ability. Manifestly it is as impossible to re-
deem $400,000,000 with $200,000,000 as with
$80,000,000. The former sum will redeem a
larger portion of the whole than the latter, but
it cannot redeem the whole. The advocates
of both plans rely for success not upon enabling
the Treasury actually to redeem its notes, but
upon inspiring the holders of the notes with
that generous confidence which will dissuade
them from asking for redemption.
One party believes that measure of confidence
can be inspired by the show of 5200,000,000 ;
the other, more hopeful, believes that the show
of $80,000,000 will do it. Both assume that
the community wants no specie, but only wants
to know that specie can be had. Both agree
that the real predicament of both the business
public and the Treasury is illustrated in the
anecdote of the worthy Teuton, who, upon being
tendered coin by the bank whose notes he had
presented for redemption, explained that if he
"could have the specie he didn't want it, but
if he couldn't get it he must have it."
But, sir, l am sure we cannot legislate upon
any such hypothesis as this. The business
public does need some specie.
I have three reasons for believing that trade
has needs which -paper will not supply. The
first reason is that I have never known a time
when any considerable amount of paper could
be exchanged for gold except under the obli-
gation of positive laws; second, if gold had
only a fancied value, and were really a useless
commodity, no form of gold gambling would
send it to a premium of sixty per cent, above
paper, as was recently done in a single day;
and third, we have laws 011 the statute-books
positively commanding duties on imports to be
collected in gold, and interest on a part of the
debt to be paid in gold. I conclude, therefore,
that the business public is not aptly repre-
sented by the German. Nor is the Treasury
more fitly represented by the bank. The bank
demonstrated its ability to redeem its note not
merely by promising to do so, but by actually
tendering the coin upon its counter. The
Teuton believed not because he heard, but be-
cause he saw. But, whatever the Treasury may
promise now or two years hence the holders
of its notes would know that it could not re-
deem them. Whether it had eighty or two
hundred millions in its vaults, all men would
know that the sum was utterly inadequate
to redeem $400,000,000 of paper. And they
would know quite as surely that while the
Government had $400,000,000 of notes in cir-
culation convertible into coin on demand
the Treasury could collect no more coin by
taxation. No man would pay his taxes in
specie, whatever the law might require, until
he had first drawn the specie from the Treasury
in redemption of greenbacks.
The merchant in New York wishing to enter
a cargo of goods, if required to pay the duties
in specie would first take his Treasury notes
to the sub-Treasury and get specie for them.
When the transaction was complete the Treas-
ury would have no more gold than at its incep-
tion, and yet the duties would be paid. The
inevitable effect of resuming specie payments
while the Government circulates more than
half of all the paper afloat would be to expose
the Treasury to the demands of all who desired
coin and to strip it of the power to collect a
dollar.
But if the circulation of Treasury notes can
neither now nor at any future time be main-
tained upon a specie basis, what shall be done
with them? I can conceive of but one other
thing to be done with them, and that is to with-
draw them from circulation. But how with-
draw them?
All private debtors owing debts which they
ought to pay and mean to pay, but have not
the present means of paying, either borrow the
means of paying, and so transfer the obligation
to other hands, or they procure an extension
of the time of payment from their creditors.
This resource, always an honest and honor-
able one, is open to the Government. For
five years you have compelled the country to
carry these notes without interest, constantly
promising to relieve them of the load on demand.
Tell the country now that these notes can-
not be converted into specie at the present
time, but that if they choose to wait nfteen
years you will undertake to pay them in coin
then, and that you will pay them interest at
six per cent, in coin for waiting, reserving to
yourselves, however, the right to pay them
at any earlier time if you shall so choose.
