704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
When you have done this you will have renewed
your original faith with the holder of the
greenback. You will again offer him the
privilege, and the only privilege practically
guarantied him by the statutes under which the
first $300,000,000 of notes were issued—the
privilege of converting them into five-twenty
bonds.
The late Secretary in his last report recom-
mended the allowance of this conversion. But
he recommended with it a measure intended
to compel conversion, to wit, the repeal of the
legal-tender clause. But that seems to me but
the substitution of one wrong for another. I
cannot agree with the late Secretary that this
o£fer of conversion should now be accompanied
by any attempt at coercion. On the contrary,
I think it should be restrained by one condition.
All the interest-bearing bonds of the Gov-
ernment are now and have long been at a con-
siderable premium above United States notes.
That premium I understand to have been the
direct and the designed result of the act of
March 3,1863, which stripped the notes oftheir
convertible character. That measure degraded
the character and increased the volume of
national currency. Business has been shaped,
prices fixed, and contracts made with refer-
ence to the new and depreciated currency.
For the Government now to enter the mar-
ket and offer unconditionally bonds which are
selling at a premium of from ten to twenty per
cent, would have a tendency to withdraw sud-
denly large amounts from circulation and would
threaten most serious disaster to the business
community. Fifteen million dollars withdrawn
from the circulation in New York in October,
1868, and arbitrarily looked up for a few days
only, produced a panic in that metropolis and
a shock throughout the country. Stocks fell,
provisions fell, the western crop was cheeked
in its movement to the sea-board, merchants
failed, and banks were closed.
Admonished by that single incident we should
be extremely cautious while providing for fund-
ing the greenbacks that we do not also occa-
sion a sharp contraction of the circulation.
And while guarding the business community
against the consequences of sudden contrac-
tion we can also remove a glaring defect from
the banking law of the country.
Under the present banking law the circula-
tion of their notes involves no responsibility
but that of redeeming them with notes more
abundant and quite as worthless as themselves.
Under this system the privilege of issuing bank
notes is a mere gratuity. It is, therefore, abso-
lutely necessary to limit the exercise of that
privilege. The privilege was by the original
act limited to the circulation of $300,000,000.
But it was necessary not only to restrict
the privilege, but as a consequence to parcel
it out among the people and States of the
Union. That duty, among the gravest and
most delicate ever intrusted to a public officer,
was charged upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. I shall not undertake to say that any other
man would have discharged that duty better.
It was a duty which in its very nature could
not be performed well, and that it could hardly
have been performed worse than it was I think
a few facts will demonstrate.
Down to the date of your present banking
law the Government did not restrict the right
of any State to organize banks of circulation.
I therefore exhibit to you a table showing how
circulation was distributed in 1860, when bank-
ing was unrestricted, and how it is distributed
by force of your restrictions between certain
portions of the Union:
Circulation, Circulation,
iS'fates. Population. 1860. 1869.
Khode Island  174,620 $3,772,242 $12,486,900
"Wisconsin  775,881 4,429,855 2,508,102
N ewEngland, six
States  3,135,283 44,510,618 104,509,019
Southern and
southwestern,
twelve States...10,836,814 82,861,377 15,675,179
In order, therefore, to guard against a sud-
den and injurious contraction of the circulation
it seems to me it would be wise to confine the
right of funding to those who would use the
new bonds as a basis for an increased bank
circulation ; and in order to correct the gross
inequality in the distribution of existing bank
circulation it seems to me that right should be
further restricted by preferring always applica-
tions from those States or Territories which
have from time to time the least bank capital
in proportion to population. Such, substan-
tially, was the proposition submitted to the
Senate in March last on motion by the Senator
from Connecticut as modified upon my own
suggestion.
The proposition plainly is to fund the legal-
tender notes in six percent, bonds redeemable
at the pleasure of the G-overnraent and to sup-
ply their place with bank notes secured by
those bonds. The adoption of this simple prop-
osition will instantly cure some of the maladies
which now afflict our financial system.
The moment of its adoption banking will
cease to be a monopoly and will become what
it should always be, free. To my mind this truth
is manifest, that the only control law should
assume over the business of banking is to pre-
scribe the conditions upon which it should rest.
When it has determined upon what conditions
notes may circulate as money every citizen who
will comply with the'eonditions should be per-
mitted to share alike in the privilege.
The moment this proposition is adopted the
shameful discrimination which is now made
in the market between the interest-bearing and
non-interest-bearing obligations of the Govern-
ment will cease. The public creditor will no
longer pay as now $120 in national notes due
now for $100 due fifteen years hence, simply
because the latter draws an interest of six per
cent, while the former draws no interest. And
the moment this proposition is adopted all sec-
tional clamor about inequality of privileges
under the banking law will cease. Three great
abuses are reformed at once by the adoption
of this measure. Could we reasonably expect
any other advantages from it ?
To render it efficient I think it should be
accompanied by other amendments of the bank-
ing law. I will merely state, but will not argue
them. I think banks should be relieved from
all redemption except at their own counters,
and from all national taxes except upon their
income. And I think they should circulate in
bills not more than eighty per cent, of their
bonds on deposit. Then you will have a bank-
ing system free from all unjust burdens and
furnishing a circulation the best secured of any
ever offered to any business community in the
whole history of banking.
Would the measure be followed by a trans-
mutation of the Treasury note3 into national
bank notes? Three powerful considerations
would urge capital in that direction, to wit:
the difference between the present market
value of the greenbacks and of the bond, the
profits of banking, and the necessity for more
banking facilities in large portions of the coun-
try.
I know the weight of this last consideration
is denied. A popular lecturer has recently
assured the South and West that they need no
more circulation. But, sir, it takes a very
ingenious physician to persuade a man who is
fainting from exhaustion that there is nothing
the matter with him. We read of One, to be
sure, who when the palsied was brought to him
on a laed commanded that he should "arise, take
up his couch and go into his own house,'' and
the sick man did so. But in these days great
cures are less summary. The South and West
are not likely to be persuaded by any man's
assurance that they need no more circulation.
The West, at least, knows better.
The present Comptroller of the Currency
comprehends the situation better when he says:
" The entire South and many portions of the Wost
are very much in need of the facilities and advan-
tages to be derived from properly organized banking
institutions."
It is a favorite assertion with a class of writers
on political economy that money is indifferent
in its movements, like air and water, and " will
go where it is most needed." That is one of
the baldest sophisms with which the books on
that subject sputter. Money is not a mission-
ary ; it is a buccaneer. It does not seek the
fields where it can do the most good; it seeks
those from which it can get most good. Money
is most needed where there is greatest destitu-
tion, for there they most want to buy. It likes
to go, on the contrary, where there is the great-
est abundance, for there they most want to
sell. It goes abroad with reluctanee. The
further it goes the more caution it uses. It
requires a deal of coaxing and large promises
to persuade the money of New England to visit
the valley of the Mississippi. If a very little
is sent to India it expects to bring back very
large returns. The movement of money is the
reverse of that of commerce. The movement
of commerce resembles the flow of the rivers.
It is gathered in scarcely perceptible quanti-
ties from innumerable unknown sources. It
gradually accumulates in strong currents, and
finally is poured in large volumes into the great
seas of trade. But the movement of money
resembles the flow of the tides. The bays and
inlets must be swollen to overflowing to let
even small quantities reach the fountains of
production. Once a year the Bast talks benig-
nantly about sending money " to the West"—
"to move our crop," they say. It is very
good of them to do so, for it is absolutely
necessary they should do so under the existing
order of things.
But, sir, do you know of any constitutional
reason why the West should not have such
banking facilities at home, if she can command
them, as would enable her to send her own
crop to market ? I know of one constitutional
reason why she should have these facilities.
It is not, indeed, found in the Constitution of
the United States or in that of either of the
States; but it is found in the constitution of
the city of New York. It happens annually,
that when money is needed to move the western
crop the great gamblers of the East appear in
the market as borrowers. Large sums are thus
borrowed, not to use, but to lock up. Com-
merce is attacked by the cholera. Circulation
is suspended. Business is seized with the
cramps. Great enterprises are paralyzed in a
moment. Great fortunes turn to ashes in a day.
Under the existing system such visitations
are inevitable and may be looked for as regu-
larly as the equinoctial. The harvest is no
longer a season for thanksgiving and praise,
but for fasting and prayer instead.
Mr. President, the harvests of the South and
West are annual. Unlike the manfacturer,
who sends his products to market weekly or
monthly, we come to market but once a year.
Justice demands that we then have clear and
unobstructed access to those markets. And I
trust I shall not be thought unreasonable if I
say that we shall not always consent that the
cotton, the corn, the wheat, and the meat of
the South and West shall be expressed through
the mills of Wall street.
When the bill, to which-I have already re-
ferred, was under consideration in March last,
which proposed to filch from the circulation
of existing banks $20,000,000, with which to
stifle the clamor of the destitute districts, the
Senator from Connectieutpertinently asked how
we knew that sum would be satisfactory. The
question was not answered. There is but one
answer to be made to it. We know it will not
be satisfactory. Give us equal rights under
your laws; with that we will be satisfied. Noth-
ing short of that will satisfy us. Whether the
profits of banking be great or small, give to
capital equal rights to pursue it everywhere.
Kepeal your statutes which inflexibly limit the
circulation of the country to a definite number
of millions. Let the Government abjure the
hateful prerogative of prescribing the amount
of money the people may use. That is first
cousin to the prerogative of fixing the price of
