1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
705
commodities. Allow all men who will redeem
the protested demand notes of the Government
and exchange them for time bonds the equal
right to bank on those bonds; and when the
demand notes shall be retired, allow all men the
equal right to issue bank notes who will pledge
the national bonds as security that they will
redeem their notes with coin on presentation.
In spite of the changing geography of the
country the West claims the right still to appeal
to the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Finance ; if not because he still belongs to
the West, yet surely because the West still be-
longs to the Union. Give this new freedom to
the capital of the country and but few months
will pass over us before the last of the green-
backs will have retired from our offended sight.
What should hinder that result? If defeated
at all, it must be either because experience
shall prove that $650,000,000 of bank notes
cannot be profitably employed, or because the
banks will prove unable to redeem so large a
circulation in coin. It seems to me, if we know
anything, we already know that both these
apprehensions will prove wholly groundless.
Banks now find it profitable to circulate
$300,000,000 while the Government circulates
$350,000,000. Will the business of existing
banks be less profitable when that $350,000,000
shall be circulated by other banks instead of
by the Government? But if existing banks can
profitably keep out their circulation notwith-
standing the intervention of the new banks,
cannot the new banks do equally well notwith-
standing the existence of the present banks?
Nor is the question of the ability of the banks
to maintain specie redemption one wbit more
doubtful. To me it seems evident that the load
which will rest upon capital then will be vastly
less than it sustains now and its advantages
vastly greater. Now capital enjoys less than
half the profits earned by the circulation of the
country. The Government reaps the rest.
When the Government shall have retired its
circulation, evidently capital will reap the whole
profit. Then capital will have to supply the
coin required for the actual wants of business.
So much of that capital as will be employed m
banks of circulation will have to keep a coin
reserve of from fifteen to twenty-five per cent.
But that reserve will be the identical fund from
which the business of the country will draw
the coin required by its actual wants. That
one fund will meet the demands of law and of
trade also. But now capital has to supply, and
does supply, the same amount of specie to the
wants of commerce. To be sure it charges a
large premium for the coin supplied, but it
pays a large premium also to obtairt it. Capi-
tal could as well afford to furnish it at pa.r
if it could be obtained at par as to furnish it
at a premium of twenty per cent, where it costs
that premium to get it. That portion of capi-
tal now employed in banks of circulation is
compelled to keep the same percentage of
reserve in lawful money, and that reserve is
utterly useless in supplying the wants of busi-
ness or meeting the practical obligations of the
bank. The law requires it to be kept and the
banks keep it. But trade has no use for it,
makes no demands upon it, and so it is dead
capital. Besides these burdens the Treasury
has drawn from the resources of the country a
reserve of coin amounting on the average to
nearly one hundred million dollars, and has
maintained it for years. Let the Government
disgorge that immense sum of dead capital in
redemption of its interest-bearing bonds. Let
capital have it to place behind the the circula-
tion of national banks. Fifty millions added
to that sum will supply a reserve, which will
enable the banks to furnish all the com that
commerce will need or demand.
Jf any one thinks I am inconsistent in assert-
J ing that the banks could maintain a convert-
ible circulation of $650,000,000 with a coin
reserve of $150,000,000 only, while I_deny
the ability of the Government to maintain
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 45.
such a circulation with a much larger reserve,
I have simply to remind him, and to remind
the Senate, that there is no analogy between
the Treasury note and the bank note, and none
between the relations of Government to the
people and of banks to the people.
The Treasury note is the evidence of debt,
pure and simple. The bank note is the evi-
dence and representative of capital. The latter
is issued because the bank is known to have
resources. The former is issued because the
Treasury is destitute of resources. The Treas-
ury has no resource but in taxation, and, as I
have already observed, issues notes only when
it cannot or dare not any longer levy taxes.
The bank issues notes only when it has depos-
ited with the Government national bonds to
the amount of ten dollars for every nine issued,
and then for every ten dollars of notes it issues
without interest it receives ten dollars of com-
mercial paper on interest and payable in from
thirty to ninety days. If the Treasury were
to attempt to maintain a circulation of con-
vertible paper it would have no means with
which to meet a "run" except its specie re-
serve. That is quite inadequate. The banks
would have the same specie reserve, and eight
or ten times the amount of that reserve in its
deposited bonds and its discounted paper.
The Treasury would have no protection against
a run except in the public indifference to coin.
But that indifference I have shown does not
exist. Except under conditions quite anom-
alous, the public prefers coin. Scarcely a day
passes that some event does not transpire, or
some lie is not invented to intensify that pref-
erence, and which would send the public thun-
dering at the door of the Treasury. But what-
ever may be the measure of that indifference,
it would afford as much protection to the banks
as to the Treasury.
But the banks would be further and amply
protected against a wanton run by the lact
that if the community unnecessarily demanded
specie of them they could demand specie of
the community. The community always owes
the banks more than they owe the community.
Thus they are sheltered by the law of retalia-
tion. There is between the banks and the
public a mutuality of obligation which compels
to mutual forbearance. The contract of the
specie-paying bank with the individual holding
its note is that the former will pay specie for it
on demand. The contract of such banks with
the commercial community is that they will
supply the specie which commerce actually
needs. The former contract is several. The
latter is joint and several. Every bank assumes
its proportionate share of this last obligation
and gives security to fulfill it exactly propor-
tioned to its share of the obligation. At the
present time, as we all know, redemption on
the part of the banks is the idlest fiction in the
world. It means nothing but the conversion
of their paper into a paper more abundant and,
if possible, more irresponsible than itself. But
the moment you sanction the proposition I urge
upon you that moment the legal-tender note
begins to appreciate. As often as $50,000 are
funded the value of the remainder is enhanced
and the burden of redemption is increased.
But just so often the power of the banks is
reenforced by a new organization and so ren-
dered proportionally more able to sustain the
burden. When the last legal tender has dis-
appeared there will be no medium of redemp-
tion left but coin. The burden of redemption
will be at its maximum. But the capital to
sustain that burden will be swelled to $650,-
000,000, backed by the guarantee of the Gov-
ernment, a guarantee not loaned to tne banks,
but sold to them for an ample equivalent re-
ceived and on deposit in the Treasury. Such
seems to me to be the short, the sure, and the
safe road to redemption. As remarked by the
Senator from Massachusetts, " it would neither
contract nor inflate the currency." It would
not appreciate or depreciate the value of com-
modities. It would not disturb the existing
relations between debtor and creditor.
The measure is open to two objections. One
in ay be urged by the existing national banks.
It will destroy their monopoly. But they should
have no monopoly. The Government will no
longer redeem their circulation; but the Gov-
ernment never should redeem their circulation.
It will impose on banks the whole responsi-
bility and the whole risk of redemption. That
is precisely the responsibility which belongs to
them, for which they are chartered, and for
which they are paid. It is precisely because
banks are supposed to be willing and able to
redeem their notes with coin on presentation
that they are allowed to circulate them as
money.
Upon no other consideration should an indi-
vidual or a corporation be allowed to circulate
a single dollar of paper. But with the Gov-
ernment for their firm ally and their indorser
the banks would incur but slight responsibility,
and almost no risk, by resuming specie pay-
ments. As I have already said, the specie
they would have to supply would be not what
their notes promise, but what commerce might
need. Those necessities should be slight. If
bank notes were convertible into coin, and that
conversion was guarantied by the Government,
the Government would naturally no longer ex-
act payment of duties in coin, but would accept
such notes instead. Of course the banks might
be called on from time to time to redeem so
many of their notes as would enable the Treas-
ury to pay the interest on its debt; but as
much of that interest would be due the banks,
and as they would be agents for the collection
of nearly the whole, that liability would prac-
tically involve but little more than a transfer
of credits from one account to another. To
be sure, the interest on that portion of our debt
held abroad, together with sums due for the
products of foreign industry purchased, would
necessarily be paid by actual bills of exchange.
But if the banks would join their influence
to that of the Government in support of a wise
and generous policy which shall stimulate home
production and restrict foreign purchases,
which shall diminish our imports and increase
our exports, even those bills would be drawn
against shipments of American products rather
than against shipments of American bullion.
The conditions are easily conceivable and not
difficult to achieve under which conversion of
bank notes into coin would be almost as pure
a fiction as is their conversion into legal tenders
now.
The suggestion is often heard that the vol-
ume of our circulation is too large, and that
before resumption can be attempted-we must
either greatly contract our circulation or wait
until our population and business have grown
to it. But those who urge this suggestion seem
to me to mistake the nature and office of money.
It is generally considered, I believe, by the
political economists as a mere instrument for
effecting the exchange of commodities.
"Money, therefore"—
Says Mr. Samuel Read—
" every person requires and uses merely as the means
of enabling him to exchange his labor or his posses-
sions or their produce for the necessaries, conven-
iences, and luxuries of life in proportion to his scale
of property or to his contributions ol labor or com-
modities to the general stock, daily and regularly as
lie requires them."
Professor Newman, after speaking of the
rarity and durability of gold aud silver, says:
"These qualities have always made them admir-
able instruments of barter."
Dr. Adam Smith expounds at great length
the same theory as to the use of money and
he argues, not illogically, from such premises,
that money being a mere instrument ot ex-
change the less there is of it in a communi ty
the more conveniently will its exchanges be
effected. Says Mr. Hume:
'" Money is not, properly speaking, one of the sub-
ject of commerce, but only the instrument which
