710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
Mr. BLDRIDGE. Upon that question I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table. I want to cast no such
imputation as this resolution casts upon the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is a reflection upon
the past action of the House.
■Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Why not extend
it so as to declare that all the members of the
House act judicially in determining election
c&sgs?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. ELDIilDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the motion to lay this resolution on
the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 44, nays 129, not voting
37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bailey, Beaman, Benjamin, Bon-
ton, Bingham, Blair, Bowen, Boyd, Buckley, Bur-
dett, Benjamin K. Butler, Roderick R. Butlor, Cako,
Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Cullom, Davis,
Dixon, Dockcry, Duval, Dyer, Kin, Ferriss, I< inkeln-
burg, Heflin, liogo, Jenclies, Kelsey, Knapp, Law-
rence, Lou^hridge, Maynard, McG-rew, William
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel 1'. Morrill, Neg-
ley, Sargent, Sawyer, Taffe, Xownscnd, Ward, and
W hittemore—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Armstrong, Arnell, Asper, Axioll, Banks,
Beatty, Beck, Bird, George M. Brooks, James
Brooks, Buffinton, Burchard, Burr, Calkin. Cessna,
Cleveland,Cook,Cowles,Cox,Crebs, Dawes, Doweese,
Dickinson, Donley, Dox, ISldridge, Farnsworth,
Ferry, fisher, Fitch, Gofz, Golladay, Greonc, Gris-
wold, Ilaldeman, Hale, llambleton, Hamiii, Haw-
kins, llawley, Hay, Hill, Hoar, llolman, Hooper,
IngcrsoH,.Johnson, Thomas L.Jones, Judd, Kelley,
Kellogg. Kerr, Ketoham, Knott, Lallin, La.sh, Logan,
Lynch, Marshall, Mayham, McCarthy, McCormick,
McCrary, McNeoly, Eliakim II. Moore. J esse H.
Moore, Morgan, Mimgen, Myers, Niblaek, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Paino, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Porn-
eroy, Potter, Prosser, Randall, Reeves, lliee, Rogers,
Roots, Sehuinakcr, Bcofield, Shanks, Sherrod, Slo-
eum, John A. Smith, Josephs. Smith, William J.
Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stiles, Stokes,
Stone, St.oughton,Stra.der,Strong, Swann, Sweeney,
Tanner, Tillman, Trimble, Twiehell, Tyner, Upson,
Van Trump, Voorhecs, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
William B. Washburn. Welker, Wells, Wheeler,
Willard, Williams, Winans, Winchester. Witcher,
Wood. and Woodward—120.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnum, Bennett, Biggs,
Boles, Buck, Churchill, AmasaCobb.Coburn, Diokey,
Fox, Garfield, Gilliilan, Ilaight, Hamilton, Hays,
Heaton, Hoag, Hotchkiss, Alexander II. Jones,
Julian, Mcrcur, Morrissey, Packer, Palmer, Read-
ing, Sanford, Schenck, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sholdon. Worthington C. Smith, Stevens. Steven-
son, Strickland, VanAuken, Van Horn, Wilkinson,
Eugene M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—37.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, when his
name was called, said : I vote ay, because I
hold that this is not a judicial body.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution, on which the yeas and nays had
been called.
Mr. ELDEIDGE. I withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. FERRISS. I renew the call.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, has
not, the morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. The expiration of the
morning hour does not affect this question, the
previous question having been seconded and
the main question ordered. When this matter
is disposed of the Chair will announce the
expiration of the morning hour.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
resolution, it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 140, nays 23, not voting 47 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Armstrong, Asper, Axtell, Bailey, Banks,
Beaman, Beatty, Beck, Benton, Bird, Bowen,
George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buckley, Buf-
finton. Burchard, Burr, Cake, Calkin, Cessna,,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cowles,
Cox, Crcbs, Cullom, Dawes, Deweese, Dickinson,
Doekery, Donley, Dox, Dyer, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Ferriss,'Ferry, Fisher, Pitch, Getz, Golladay, Greene,
(Jriswold, Haldeman. Hale, Hambleton, Hainill,
Hawkins, llawley, Heflin, Hill, Hoar, Holman,
Jenekcs. Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott, Laflin, Lash,
Lynch, Marshall, Maybam, McCarthy, McCormick,
McCrary, McGrow, McNeely, Jesse H. Moore. Mor-
san, Daniel J. Morrell, Mungen, Myers, Niblack,
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Paine, Peters, Phelps, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Ro-
gers, Sargent, Sawyer, Seliumaker, Scofield. Shanks,
Sherrod, Slocum, John A. Smith. Joseph S. Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stiles, Stone, Stoughton,
Strador, Strickland, Strong, Swann. Swoeney, Tan-
ner, Tillman, Trimble, Twiehell, Tyner, Upson, Van
Trump, Voorhees, William B. Washburn, Wells,
Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, Eugene
M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winchester, Witcher,
Wood, and Woodward—140.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnell, Bingham Burdott, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Clarko, AmasaCobb. Conger,Davis,
Dixon, Duval, Ela, Finkelnburg, Garfield, Hoge,
Kelsey, Lawrence, William Moore, Prosser, Stokes,
Taffe, Ward, Cadwalader C.Washburn, and Whitto-
more—23.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnum, Benjamin, Ben-
nett, Biggs, Blair, Boles, Boyd, Buck, Roderick R.
Butler, Churchill, Diokey, Fox, Gilfillan. Ilaight,
Hamilton, Hay, Hays, Heaton, Hoag, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, lngersoll, Alexander H. Jones, Ivnapp,
liOgan, Loughridge, Maynard, Mcrcur, Eliakim H.
Moore, Samuel P. Morrill. Morrissey, Negley,
Packer, Palmer, Reading', Roots, Sanford, Schcnck,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Stevens, Ste-
venson, Townsend, Van Auken, Van Horn, Wolker,
and Winans—47. '*
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BURR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BCSINK8S.
The SPEAKER. Various gentlemen who
were not in their seats when their States were
called this morning desiro to present bills for
reference. With the leave of the House the
Chair will recognize gentlemen for that pur-
pose, it being understood that these bills are
introduced under the restriction of the morn-
ing hour, that they shall not be brought back by
motions to reconsider.
There was no objection.
GERMAN COLONIZATION COMPANY.
Mr. JUDD introduced a bill (H. R. No. 964)
to grant a preemption on the public lands to
the German Colonization Company of Colfax,
Colorado ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
schooner w. d. 11.
Mr. LYNCH introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 131) granting an American register
to the British-built schooner W. D. B. ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
MONHY-OIiDBll SYSTEM.
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 965) to extend the money-order system
to the branch post offices or stations in large
cities, and for other purposes ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
railroad land grant.
Mr. CLARKE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
966) to grant the right of way through the pub-
lic lands to the Junction City, Solomon Valley
and Denver Railway Company, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. Speaker, I have in-
troduced this bill by request. I ask unanimous
consent of the House to say that I have already
introduced a bill to make a grant of land to
this same company, and that it has been re-
ferred to the same committee. I have pro-
vided ia the bill for a grant of six thousand four
hundred acres per mile, and that this land be
sold to actual settlers only at the price of $2 50
per acre. The bill also provides that on the
completion of each ten consecutive miles of
road all actual settlers on the land opposite to
and conterminous with the completed sections
shall within three months make payment for
the same at the district land office, and that if
any land remains unoccupied it shall then be
patented to the railroad company. This pro-
vision is in harmony with the uniform legisla-
tion of this House at the last session, and. I
learn from the distinguished gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, that this principle
of limiting the price to $2 50 per acre will
be insisted on at the present session. Hence,
sir, as this road is of most importance to the
people of Kansas and Colorado, and will aid in
developing a most interesting and important
section of the country, I think it my duty to
defer to the dominant sentiment of the House,
with which I sympathize, and obtain, ifpossible,
a grant of land that will bnild this road and at
the same time prevent a further monopoly of
the public domain.
An examination of our land-grant system
for the last twenty years has convinced tne
that it would have been better for both the
railroad companies and the. people of the new
States if this anti-monopoly feature had been
incorporated into all our legislation on this
subject. With this conviction, I believe that
the policy of granting public lands to railroad
companies in the unsettled portions of the
country has been wise and proper. I am will-
ing that the bill which I now introduce shall go to
the Committee on the PublicLandsandbeprop-
erly considered upon its merits. I hope the com-
mittee will afford every possible facility for its
friends to advance arguments in its favor. As
I before remarked, the road is. important and
should be aided by Congress, as the develop-
ment of the country through which it passes
will do much to settle the Indian difficulties
on the frontier of Kansas, and will add vastly
to the material wealth of the nation. I will
only say in addition that one of my chief rea-
sons for urging the bill which limits the price
of the land in preference to this is that I
believe it more likely to receive the favorable
action of Congress, and I am not willing to
risk the interests of my constituents in this
enterprise by attempting to demand as a final-
ity the principle of an unlimited grant of land
which this House has so often refused to give.
With these remarks I submit the bill I have
been requested to introduce.
SALVAGE MONEYS.
Mr. SCOFIELD introduced a bill (H. R. No.
967) to distribute salvage moneys to the offi-
cers and crews of the United States steamers
Sciota, Aroostook, and Mobile; which' was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
mrs. polly woodward.
Mr. LOGAN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Freed men's Affairs:
Jiesolved, That General 0. O. Howard be author-
ized to pay Mrs. Polly Woodward for services ren-
dered the Freedmen's Bureau at Columbus, Ken-
tucky, prior to the 1st of July, 1866.
IMPROVEMENT OF MICHIGAN HARBORS.
Mr. STOUGHTON introduced a bill (H, R.
No. 968) making appropriations for certain
harbors in the State of Michigan ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
WYOMING TERRITORIAL BUILDINGS.
Mr. NUCKOLLS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 969) setting aside certain proceeds from
internal revenue for the erection of a peniten-
tiary in the Territory of Wyoming ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Territories.
FALLS OE ST. ANTHONY.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, presented a
memorial of the Legislature of Minnesota, re-
lating to the Falls of St. Anthony; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
COPPEROPOLIS RAILROAD, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. COX introduced a bill (H. R. No. 970)
to amend an act entitled "An act granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Stockton to Copperopoiis, California
