1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IIS
which was referred to the Committeee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
georgia.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the General of the Army,
in reply to a resolution of the House dated
January 10, 1870, directing him " to inform the
House under what act of Congress, or by what
other authority, Generals Ruger and Haines '
and Major Goodfellow, officers of the United
States Army, are acting in the Legislature of
Georgia as a committee of elections to adjudi-
cate the legal qualifications of members of that
body.'7
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that be referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction. and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I ask that
the letter be read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It belongs
to the Committee on Reconstruction, and I
make that motion and demand the previous
question.
• The Clerk read the communication, as fol-
lows :
Headquarteks or the Army,
Washington, January 20,1870.
Sir: I have the honor to report, in compliance
with resolution of the House of Representatives of
January 19,1870, "that the General of the Army be
directed to inform the House underwhat act of Con-
gress, or by what other authority, Generals Ruger
and Haines and Major Goodfellow, officers of tho
United States Army, are acting in the Legislature
of Georgia as a committee of elections to adjudicate
the legal qualifications of members of that body;"
that Generals Haines and Ruger and Major Good-
fellow arc not acting in the Legislature of Georgia
as a committee of elections to adjudicate the legal
qualifications of members of that body.
These officers constitute a board ontside of the
Legislature, to assist General A. H. Terry in the exe-
cution of his most unpleasant office and duties, im-
posod on him by section seven of the act of Congress
approved December 22,1869. and by the orders of
the President of the United States.
The orders assembling thi^ board and prescribing
its duties are herewith given in full.
[General Orders No. 3.]
Headquarters Military District of Georgia,
Atlanta, Georgia, January 13,1870.
In pursuance of instructions received from tho
headquarters ofthe Army aboardis hereby appointed
to inquire into the eligibility of W. T. "Wmn, of Cobb
county; John J. Collier, of Dooly county; A. w.
Holcomb, of Milton county; W. J. Anderson, of
Houston county; B. B. Hinton, of Marion county,
and C. J. Welborn, of Union county, to seats in the
Legislature of Georgia under the reconstruction acts.
The board will meet and organize at once, and will
have power to administer oaths and send for persons
and papers. They will permit the persons whose
eligibility is in question to appear before them either
in person or by attorney, and will also permit the
appearance before them of persons who deny the eli-
gibility of said "VV. T. Winn, J. J. Collier, A. W.
Holcomb, W. J. Anderson, B. B. Hinton, and C. J.
Welborn.
The board will keep a complete and accuratc rec-
ord of the proceedings, and of all testimony which
may be given before them, and will transmit the same
to these headquarters with its report.
Detail for the board.
Brevet Major General T. II. Ruger, United States
Army. .
Brevet Brigadier General T. J. Hainec,> bnited
States Army. TT .
Major Henry Goodfellow, judge advocite United
States Army. ,
By order of Brevet Major General Terry.
J. II. TAYLOR,
Assistant Adjutant Geacral.
[General Orders No. 4.]
Headquarters Military District of Georgia,
Atlanta, Georgia, January 15,1870.
The board of officers convened by General Orders
No. 3, current series, from these Headquarters, is
hereby directed, in addition to the duty assigned to
them by that order, to inquire into the eligibility,
under the reconstruction acts, of the following-
named members-elect of the house of representa-
tives, namely; Isham Raddish, of Appling county;
R. W. Phillips, of Echols county; E. M. Taliaferro.;
of Fulton county; J. H. Nunn, of Glascock county;
R. A. Donaldson, of Gordon county r W. P.Price,
of Lumpkin county: J. N. Harris, of Murray county;
L. H. Walthall, of Polk county; L. C. A. Warren,
of Quitman county; Thomas P. Rainey. of Schley
county; C. C. Huraber, of Stewart county; G.N.Har-
per, of Sumter; Frank Wilchar, of Taylor county :
John B. Sorrells, of Walton county; J. D. Smith, of
Ware county. ^ , _
By order of Brevet Major General Terry:
j. il. ial ijuii,
sxUtcmt Adjutant Genera!.
The instructions referred to by General Terry in
the first order are conto.ined in the answer to his
dispatch of January 11, as follows :
[Cipher.]
Atlanta, Georgia, January 11.1870.
[Received January 12.]
General W. T. Sherman,
Commanding Armies United States:
The Senate of Georgia has been organized. X am
informed persons who took the oath in that body are
disqualified. The bouse of representatives is par-
tially sworn. I am informed that nine disqualified
persons have already taken the oath. It is expected
that others will do so. One of the senators who took
the oath stated night before last that he believed
himself disqualified, but that his people expected
him to take the oath. An immense pressure has
been brought to bear on disqualified persons to induce
or compel them to take tho oath. Money has been
raised to defend them in case of prosecution.
Am X authorized as military commander under the
reconstruction acts, and under section one t and
five of the act of December 22. 1869, to investigate
the questions of eligibility and determine for the time
being the right of these persons to seats, or must the
taking of the oath be considered conclusive ? It is
very importantthat any action which may be taken
should be taken at once. Please answer.
ALFRED II. TERRY,
Brevet Major General Commanding.
[Cipher.]
Headquarters of the Army.
Washington, January 12,1870.
General A. H. Terry, Atlanta, Georgia :
Your dispatch of this morning was shown the
President and Secretary of War, and the result is in
these words:
"Exercise your own discretion. If a flagrant case
arises when a disqualified person proposes to take
the oath, investigate the question of eligibility and
determine for the time being his right."
W. T. SHERMAN, General.
Respectfully submitted:
W. T. SHERMAN, General.
Hon. James G. Blaine, Speaker of the Souse of Rep-
resentatives, 'Washington, D. C.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the communica-
tion was referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction and ordered to be printed. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts will learn from this
motion opening debate a lesson that we can-
not be cut off from debate altogether in his
summary way.
Mr. Speaker, I do not rise for the purpose
of making any remarks of any length, or to
utter anything in condemnation of the General
of the Army or the President of the United
States for the course taken in Georgia. So far
as I am at present informed by the public
prints in the State of Georgia, the President
is himself executing the law. A messenger, I
hear, is now about to depart from the Depart-
ment of War for the execution in good faith
of the reconstruction statutes, and who will
carry such instructions to General Terry as
will deprive him, if he should want to exercise
it, of the power to send military officers into
the Georgia Legislature for the purpose of or-
ganizing it. Such instructions as will also
most effectually prevent him from allowing an
outsider—a. Mr. Harris, a railroad-master in
the State of Georgia, appointed by Governor
Bullock—-to go into the Legislature and to do
what he has done in assuming the prerogative
and the power to organize the Legislature of
the State of Georgia.
So far as the General of the Army has been
proceeding he has acted, I think, under a mis-
apprehension of what is the law, which is so
otten the consequence of the unnecessarily
hasty action by which we pass laws here and
transmit them at first to officers of the Army
without being properly engrossed or properly
printed or regularly transmitted to the State
Department. The General of the Army thinks
he finds justification in a military commission
for organizing the Georgia Legislature by re-
ferring to the first and fifth sections of the law
of December 22, 1860. I will ask the Clerk to
read the first and fifth sections of that act, by
which it will be seen that there is nothing in
those sections which could justify any inter-
ference on the part of the military in^Georgia
in organizing the Legislature of that State.
The Clerk read as follows:
" An act to promote the reconstruction of the State
of Georgia.
"Section 1. Beii mactedby the Senate and Borne of
Representatives of ihe United States of America, in Con-
gress assembled. That the Governor of the State of
Georgia be, and hereby is, authorized and directed
forthwith by proclamation to summon ail persons
elected to the General Assembly of said State; as
appears by the proclamation of George G. Meade,
the general commandingthe military district includ-
ingthe State of Georgia, dated June 25,1868, to ap-
pear on some day certain, to be named m said proc-
lamation, at Atlanta, in saidSt^te; and thereupon
the said General Assembly of said State shall pro-
ceed to perfect its organization in conformity with
the Constitution and laws of the United States, ac-
cording to the provisions of this act.", * * *
"Sec. 5. Ana be it further enacted, That ifany per-
son shall by force, violence, or fraud willfully hin-
der or interrupt any person or persons elected as
aforesaid from taking either of the oaths or affirma-
tions prescribed by this act, orfrom participating in
tho proceedings of said senate or house of repre-
sentatives, after having taken one of said oaths or
affirmations and otherwise complied with this act,
ho shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and may be
tried, convicted, and punished therefor by the cir-
cuit or district court of tho United States for tho
district of Georgia in which district said offense
shall be committed; and shall be punished therefor
by imprisonment at hard labor for not less than two
nor moro than ten years, in the discretion of tho
court, and the jurisdiction of said courts shall bo
sole and exclusive for the purpose aforesaid."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It will be seen
by those sections which have been read that the
military authorities of Georgia have no power
whatsoever under this act of Congress to inter-
fere with the organization of the Legislature
of Georgia, and that therefore all the power
which has been assumed by General Terry and
by three other officers of the United States,
acting or quasi acting as a committee of elec-
tions, has been a lawless assumption of power,
in violation of the statute laws of Congress as
well asof the Constitution ofthe United States.
The mistake of General Sherman in all prob-
ability has arisen from sending to the State of
Georgia a bill introduced into the Seriate
which gave the President and the military
authorities this power—a bill which was intro-
duced by Mr. Morton and supplemented or
amended by Mr. Carpenter. But under the
act which passed Congress there was no au-
thority whatever, as you see, for the exercise
of this power. All the power, therefore, which
General Terry and his subordinates have exer-
cised in the organization of the Legislature is
lawless, utterly lawless, a reckless violation of
the law, and an entire violation of the rights
of Congress, of the people ofthe United States,
and of the Constitution of the United States.
The Congress of the United States provided
for punishment of persons who should commit
perjury in the third section ofthe same act, which
passed this Congress on the 22d of December
last :
"And they [members perjuring themselves]should
suffer the punishments and penalties thereof, and
ma.y bo tried, convicted, and punished therefor by
the circuit court of tho United States in the district
of%Georgia in which said crime was committed, and
thejurisdictionofsaid court shall be sole and exclus-
ive for the purpose aforesaid."
The Congress of the United States thus ex-
pressly committed to the district circuit courts
of the United States in Georgia the punish-
ment and trial of perjury, and gave no power
whatever to the military authorities.
1 must express again my utter surprise, if
surprise in these latter days can be expressed
at anything whatsoever, at the introduction to
which I have alluded by Governor Bullock in
the Legislature of Georgia of the railroad-mas-
ter in that State, a Mr. Harris, who has no right
whatsoever to appear in the Legislature; who
has no seat in that body, who was not elected,
and therefore had no claim to have ■any voice in
the proceedings of the Legislature. And yet
Governor Bullock, in the lawless exercise of
his power, has taken this railroad-master, thrust
him into the Legislature as presiding officer
of that body, given him the absolute control
as to who should be or should not be sworn in
as members, and to set what time and hour the
Legislature shall adjourn.
No one can deny that this is an act utterly
