716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner,
Upson, "Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
"William B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whitte-
more, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, John T. Wil-
son, Winans, and Witcher—136.
NAYS—Messrs, Archer, Axtell, Beck, Bird,
James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cleveland, Cox, Dick-
inson, Box, Eldridge, Gretz, Griswold, Haldeman,
liambleton, Hamill, Holman. Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Knott, Marshall, Mayham, McNeely, Mor-
gan, Mungen, Niblack, Potter, Randall, Beeves,
Sherrod, Slocum, Joseph. S. Smith, Stiles, Stone,
Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M.Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—47,
NOT VOTING-—Messrs. Adams, Bailey, Barnum,
Biggs, Benjamin F. Butler,-Churchill, Crebs, Bickey,
Fox, Greeno, Haight, llawley, Hays, I-Ioa.gr, Hotch-
kiss, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones, Kellcy, Kerr,
Mercur, Bliakim H.Moore, Morrissey, Packer, Pal-
mer, Reading, Rice, and Schumaker—27.
So (two thirds votiDg in favor thereof) the
rales were suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CESSNA. I desire to state that my
colleague, Mr. Dickey, has paired with Mr.
Haight. If present Mr. Dickey would have
voted "ay.1*
Mr. RANDALL. I also desire to state that
my colleague, Mr. Reading, has paired with
Mr. Churchill, and if present would have
voted "no."
The House proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 783)
to admit the State of Virginia to representation
in the Congress of the United States; which
were taken from the Speaker's table, and read
as follows:
Add to the bill the following:
Provided, That before any member of the Legisla-
ture of said State shall take or resume his scat, or
any officer of said State shall enter upon the duties
of his office, ho shall take and subscribe and file in
the office of the secretary of State of Virginia for
permanent preservation an oath in the form follow-
ing: "I, , do solemnly swear that I have
never taken an oath as a member of Congress, or as
 m officer of the United States, or as a member of any
State Logislature.or as an executive or judicial officer
of any State, to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and afterward engaged in insurrection or
rebellion against the same orgiven aid or comfort to
the enemies thereof; so help mo God;" orsuchper-
son shall in like manner tako, subscribe, and file the
following oath: "I, , do solemnly swear that
I have, by act of Congress of theUnited States, been
relieved from the disabilities imposed upon me by
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States; so help mo God;" which oath shall
be taken before and certified by any officer lawfully
authorized to administer oaths. And any person who
shall knowingly swear falsely in taking either of
such oaths shall b© deemed guilty of perjury, and
shall be punished therefor by imprisonment not less
than one year and not more than ten years, and
shall bo fined not less than $1,000 and not more
than $10,000. And in all trials for any violation of
this act the certificate of the taking of either of
said oaths, with proof of the signature of the party
accused, shall be taken and held as conclusive evi-
dence that such oath was regularly and lawfully
administered by competent authority: And pro-
vided further, That every such person who shall neg-
lect for the period of thirty days next aftertho pass-
age of this act to take, subscribe, and file such oath
as aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to all intents
and purposes to have vacated his office: And pro-
vided further, Thai theStatc of Virginia is admitted
to representation in Congress as one of the States of
the union upon the following fundamental condi-
tions; that the constitution of Virginia shall never
be so amended or changed as to deprive any citizen
or class of citizens of the United Slates of the right
to vote who are entitled to vote by the constitution
herein recognized, except as a punishment for such
crimes as are now felonies at common law, whereof
they, shall have been duly convicted under laws
equally applicable to all the inhabitants of said State:
Provided, That any alteration of said constitution
prospective in its effects may be made in regard to
thr  time and place of residence of voters; that it
shall never be lawful for the said State to deprive
any citizen of the United States on account of his
race, color, or previous condition of servitude of the
right to hold office under the constitution and laws
of said State, or upon any such ground to require of
him any other qualifications for office than such as
are required of all other citizens; that the constitu-
tion ofVirginiashallnever beso amended or changed
as to deprive any citizen or class of citizens of the
United States of the school rights and privileges
securod by the constitution of said State.
Amend the preamble so as to read:
Whereas the people of Virginia have framed and
adopted a constitution of State government which is
republican; and whereas the Legislature of Virginia,
clected under said constitution, have ratified the
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments to the Consti-
tution of theUnited States; and whereas the per-
formance of these several acts in good faith was a
condition-precedcnt to the representation of the
State in Congress: Therefoie.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I propose to move
that the House concur in the amendments of
the Senate to this bill, not because I think that
the amendments, if presented as an original
question, ought to be adopted, for I would
not under such circumstances vote for some
of them. I think some of them are very
bunglingly drawn, and will do more harm than
good. But I shall make the. motion because I
think that to throw the question open to a sea
of discussion again, and keep Virginia out from
the representation which she is entitled to in
Congress, would be a greater evil than to adopt
the amendments of the Senate and have an end
of it. I make the motion to concur, and I have
agreed to yield ten minutes to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. COX. I would like to ask the gentle-
man a question before he yields.
M r. FARNSWORTH. I will hear it.
Mr. COX. The question I would like to put
is this: suppose the House recede from their
former position and agree to the amendments
of the Senate, will not that pass the bill straight
through the House before we have a chance
even for a committee of conference? What,
then, becomes of the expression of the opinion
of the House, two thirds voting in favor of the
substitute of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham ?]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is a question
for the Houge to determine in voting on the
motion lo concur. If the House sees fit to
non-concur in the amendments of the Senate a
committee of conference may then be ordered.
Mr. COX. I would like, then, to make a
motion to non-concur.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is unnecessary;
the motion to concur would be the first put to
the House.
The SPEAKER. No matter in what way
the motions are made, the question of concur-
rence will be first voted on.
Mr. COX. And if the motion to concur shall
be voted down?
The SPEAKER. Then non-concurrence will
be in order.
Mr. COX. Then I desire an opportunity to
make that motion, and to move for a commit-
tee of conference. We ought to have the senti-
ment of the House represented.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield ten min-
utes to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, it will be
borne upon the Journal of this House that
more than three to one of the members of the
House of Representatives declared for the ad-
mission of the State of Virginia to representa-
tion in Congress without conditions. That vote,
in my judgment, will commend itself to the
approval of the country. I have no apology to
make here or anywhere for the position which
I assumed that day, and I this day reiterate
that it is not- in the power of the Congress of
the United States by inserting any funda-
mental conditions in a bill declaring the right
of a State of this Union to representation in
Congress to subject such State to any disabili-
ties or to any restrictions of any kind which
by the text of the Constitution may not legiti-
mately by Congress be enforced upon every
State. In saying this I am but reitei-ating the
well-considered and matured opinion of the
present Attorney General of the United States.
His words are:
" When Virginia is restored to its proper relations
to the country as a State of the Union its officers
and Legislature will he such as the constitution of
the State provides, deriving their powers from that
instrument; and it will clearly not be in the power
of Congress to impose any requirement of additional
qualifications upon them different from those which
under the Constitution of the United States may be
required in all the States."—Attorney General Hoar's
opinion 2Sth Auouat, 1869.
That being so, sir, it necessarily results that
every condition insertedin the bill by the action
of the Senate in so far as it is not obligatory
by the Constitution on every State of this Union
and may be enforced hy law of Congress is void.
I ask the House of Representatives, therefore,
to admit the State of Virginia, acting upon the
principle of statesmen and doing notwhat you
would do, but vphatyou can do, provided what
you can do be just and right and authorized
by the fundamental law of the land; and that
it is just, right, and constitutional to admit Vir-
ginia to representation in Congress I have no
doubt.
There are provisions in these conditions
inserted by the Senate about which I would
have no difficulty as they stand but for the fact
that the law is special, not general. I would
enforce the third section of the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States upon every State of the
Union. It is as important that New York and
Ohio should be coerced by act of Congress to
respect that provision of the Constitution of
the United States as it is that Virginia should
be bound to respect it, and more important,
for the reason that Virginia has by her action
set an example fit to be followed by every State
of this Union, but which not one State in this
Union has ever had the patriotism or the mag-
nanimity or the sense of justice to adopt.
Mr. Speaker, there is not west of the Alle-
ghanies a State in this Union possessed at this
time of a constitution of government so much
in conformity with the requirements of the
Constitution of the United States as it stands
amended to-day as is this constitution of the
State of Virginia. It is for that reason that I have
desired to see the Congress of the United States
admit theState gracefully and recognize at once
the obligation which she has laid upon the peo-
ple of the United States by her almost unani-
mous aetion in obedience to the requirements of
an amended Constitution of the country and in
obedience to the requirements of the enlight-
ened spirit of the age.
Why, sir, Virginia for the first time in our
history, I believe, certainly for the first time
since this trouble began in the United States,
has incorporated in her constitution of govern-
ment an express provision as a part of the con-
stitution of the State, to be held inviolate by
all her people, that there shall be no discrimin-
ation in either civil or political rights among
the citizens of the United States within the
State of Virginia. Virginia by her constitu-
tion declares that " all citizens of the United
States possess equal civil and political rights
and public privileges," and that these rights
shall be held inviolate.
And further, Virginia has provided that
which no other State has provided, so far as I
am advised, that every officer of the State be-
fore entering upon the discharge of the duties
of his office shall take a solemn oath that he
will " recognize and accept the civil and polit-
ical equality of all men before the laws."
Virginia crowns her noble constitution with
the declaration :
"This State shall ever remain a member of the
United States of America, and the people thereof a
part of the American nation, and that the Constitu-
tion of the United States and the laws of Congress
passed in pursuance thereof constitute the supreme
law of the land, to which paramount allegiance and
obedience are due from every citizen, anytningin the
constitution, ordinances, or laws of any State to the
contrary notwithstanding."
Why, sir, there are men here to-day who are
opposing the admission of Virginia to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the United States
upon the ground that the State is not in pos-
session of the friends of liberty who themselves
represent States in which no such provision
could be carried in their constitution of govern-
ment. Let such gentlemen first take the beam
out of their own eye before they undertake to
lake the mote out of their brother's eye.
_ There is another provision in this constitu-
tion of Virginia that entitles her to take her
old place among the States of the Union, and
that is theprovision incorporated intoherfand-
amental law, by a majority of more two hun-
dred thousand of her people, that the schools
of the State shall be free and open to all the
children of the Commonwealth from the age
