718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
I have been asked why I did not seek to set
aside the election in Virginia for fraud and
intimidation of her people. The reason is very
plain. There is no evidence of fraud so wide-
spread as to change the result of the election,
and I accept the facts. Then, it is asked, why
put on the test-oath? I answer, because a
large portion of the .people of Virginia voted
to strike it out of her constitution. What,
then? Is Virginia now coming in and be a
loyal Republican State, giving justice to the
negro? By.no means. I understand perfectly
it will not be so. Abundant evidence has estab-
lished a clear persuasion in my mind that the
instant the power passes into the hands of the
present Legislature that instant the rights of
the loyal men, white and black, are trampled
down. I cannot help it. You cannot help it.
This thing is a necessity. We must go through
tribulation.. The loyal men, black and white,
must pass through tribulation in order to the
full attainment of their rights.
I believe Governor Walker to be a high-
minded, honorable man. We received in the
Committee on Reconstruction the other day
his pledge that as a loyal and honorable man
he will stand by and protect the rights of all
men secured under the measures for the recon-
struction of Georgia. And I believe he will
do it. I knew him in the war, and I have no
doubt he will keep his word. But if he does
so he will find himself deceived by those who
elected him, as they will deceive us. But he
will carry with him the true Republicans of
Virginia, and thereby in the struggle and the
division of parties the State may be saved to
loyalty and justice." This is my only hope of
the future, and with that hope, and for the
purpose of relieving the Republican party of
the imputation that we are opposing recon-
struction and pacification of the South, I
shall vote for this bill, as I should have voted
for one, much less stringent—one with the
proper recitals of power to retain control of
the subject in Congress.
Let Virginia come in and let the question
l>e tried whether she will honestly carry out her
constitution, and as soon as that question is
settled iu the negative let us resume the power
which we delegate from the abundance of our
right this day. And I want every man of true
loyalty to the Union, oftrue allegianceand fealty
to the right, who believes in protecting all men,
white and black, and giving them equal rights
everywhere under the law, as he votes for this
bill to pledge himself that the moment anything
is done covertly or openly to abrogate the safe-
guards of this constitution ill Virginia he will
then vote, if it were his last legislative act, to
take back that power which we now confer
upon Virginia and to put her back into that
state, the result of rebellion, which her old mas-
ters chose to put her in, and give her that posi-
tion, keeping her there until she is again by
the infusion of new blood re-reconstructed, as
we have had to re-reconstruct Georgia.
I want to say further, so that there shall be
no mistake, and so that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Biitgham] shall be put exactly before
the country where he belongs, that this bill is
in substance almost identical with the bill re-
ported by the Committee on Reconstruction
which the Democrats voted against under his
lead the other day. And the gfentleman from
New York [Mr. Cos] was quite right. I en-
tirely agree with him when he said it was not
fair that the gentleman should desert them
when it is the same old bill that is again pre-
sented. What new light the gentleman has
got I know not. But he is now going to vote
for this bill containing conditions which be de-
nounced as unconstitutional, and voted against
because he still believes unconstitutional.
Mr. COX. I suppose I can tell the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] the
source whence this new light comes. I do not
reproach my friend from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
for deserting us in any bad sense of the word
desertion. The gentleman must allow me the
remark, as this is a matter somewhatpersonal,
that I made 110 such reflection on the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
When I spoke of desertion I simply had
reference to his having advocated the bill which
admitted Virginia without qualification and
without conditions, and then proposing to vote
for a measure which is substantially the very
bill against which we fought so gallant a fight;
not under the lead of the gentleman from Ohio,
but under the lead of Democratic principles,
and standing on the idea that we should not
break down the State of Virginia any more than
the State of New York.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield further.
Mr. COX. I wish only to say one word
more.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield further. I have not the time to give.
Mr. COX. Give me five minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What, five
minutes out of twenty! I will give you the
five minutes you gave to me that Monday when
I was not here. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I agree to that. Now, if there
is one thing which the gentleman is celebrated
for 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Iamglad
to see that the entente cordiale is not to be
broken between the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] and the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox.] I thought the expression was a
little lough and might possibly disturb their
friendly party relations. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. If the gentleman gave me five
minutes why does he not let me go on without
interruption ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I gave
you that five miuutes and not five minutes now.
I desire to say farther, and to say in closing,
that I am glad the bill is in this position for
one thing, and that is that we have got the bill
and the conditions in such a shape that the
Republican party will vote for the eonditious,
those who are true Republicans, willingly, and
those who are not quite willing will also vote
for them, while our opponents on the other side
of the House will not vote for the bill. The
amendments, in my judgment, are very happy
for that reason.
[Here the hammer fell.]
for. FARNSWORTH resumed the floor.
Mr. COX. Now, I will take five minutes if
the gentleman from Illinois will allow me.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I decline to yield
to any one.
Mr. COX. Well, one hundred and forty-
nine members ofthe House are not represented
011 this occasion. I wish to speak for one hun-
dred and forty-nine members, a majority of this
House.
_ Mr. FARNS WORTH. Mr. Speaker,I be-
lieve that I have a right to a finger in this pie my-
self, and I propose to have something to do with
it. I understand very well the allusion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
to the " acting chairman of the Committee on
Reconstruction I understand very well his
attempt to erack Lis whip over this way, and I
have a word or two to say upon that subject. I
do not allow myself to be instructed in Repub-
licanism by the gentleman from Massachusetts
at all. Having been a Republican for twenty-five
years, when the gentleman from Massachusetts
was chasing fugitive slaves all over the State of
Massachusetts, [great laughter and applause;]
having attended theChicago convention in 1860,
doing all I could for the nomination of a Repub-
lican President, at a time when the gentleman
from Massachusetts was in the Charleston con-
vention voting for Jeff. Davis, [renewed laugh-
ter;] having voted the Republican ticket in
1800, when the gentleman from Massachu-
setts was voting for Breckinridge of Kentucky ;
having from first to last voted for every meas-
ure of reconstruction, every measure for the
emancipation of the slave, every measure for
his enfranchisement, every measure for the en-
forcement of equal rights before the law in the
United States, I am not to be taught my duly
as a Republican by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts at this time. I know that the gentle-
man, with his extraordinary facility for getting
from one side to the other, when his allies
deserted him in 1861 came over, and I know
thathisconversion was so sudden that it shamed
that of St. Paul. [Laughter.] The light which
dawned around him, that focal blaze which
illuminated his understanding, oh! it shames
and darkens the light that gathered around the
head of St. Paul. [Laughter.] I know, too,
that the gentleman is somewhat like Peter when
he deserted his master; his desertion was so
recent that he was obliged to curse and swear
to make the people believe that it was genuine.
[Laughter.] And so the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is .obliged to be exceedingly radical
in order to make the people of the United
States believe that his conversion is genuine.
[Laughter. ]
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Bctlerj had much to say about the history
of this bill and about the Monday when mem-
bers were returning here from the holiday
recess. Sir, this bill was not passed by the
House on Monday; it was not reported to the
House on Monday; it was not introduced on
Monday. Even if it had been I suppose the
gentleman could have been back here on Mon-
day, if he had wished, like the rest of us. But
no matter about that; this bill was before the
House and discussed for the better part of the
first week of the session after the holiday recess.
Great latitude of discussion was allowed. I
venture to say that no measure ever reported
by the gentleman from Massachusetts was ever
allowed so large and liberal a latitude of dis-
cussion as was this bill. And amendments
from all sides of the House were allowed. Act-
ing under the direction of the Committee on
Reconstruction, I stated at the outset that
amendments would be allowed and a very
largo latitude of discussion permitted, and
such was the case.
Now, I understand that when the gentleman
talks about the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bixgham] he means me as well; and probably
he would have put in my name only he knew
I would have a chance to reply, which the gen-
tleman from Ohio had not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me a single observation at
this point?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I can tell
the gentleman why I did not name him. Hav-
ing the floor by his courtesy I did not think it
well to arraign him at that time for his sins.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH/ "Arraign him at
that time for his sins!" The gentleman had
the floor by my courtesy, and although he did
not think it worth while particularly and per-
sonally to point roe out he knew that I under-
stood very well and that the.House and the
people would understand very well his allusion
to the "acting chairman of the Committee on
Reconstruction."
And the gentleman talks as if we had ob-
structed the admission of Virginia to repre-
sentation in Congress. He speaks of meddlers
who by their interference have postponed die
admission of Virginia and have surrounded her
with these conditions. He talks as though, if
he could have had his way, and everybody else
had kept off their hands, he would have had
Virginia in here clothed and in her right mind,
and without any conditions at all, his liberality
is so great.
Now, sir, who in this House does not remem-
ber that upon every occasion when I have at-
tempted to introduce a joint resolution for the
readmission of Virginia, in accordance with the
i recommendation of the President ofthe United
