1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
in
States, from the very first day of this session
to the time when Congress took the holiday
recess the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] has always interposed his objection
and prevented it? Who does not remember
that on the Monday before the recess I tried
in get up a joint resolution for the admission
of Virginia, when I could move a suspension
of the rules for the purpose, and the gentle-
man from Massachusetts stated that that ques-
tion had been postponed by the Committee on
Reconstruction for the want of evidence? Now
1 would inquire of the gentleman what addi-
tional evidence was needed, and what additional
evidence has since been taken?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
state what additional evidence was wanted.
We had not at that time, either on the files of
the committee or in any report before us, evi-
dence that the Legislature of Virginia had rati-
fied the fifteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, and the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary of the
Senate [Mr. Trumbull] came over and called
my attention to the matter, saying that he had
no evidence of it, and asking if I had any ;
and we then, both of us, agreed to apply to the
Department of State on that point.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is a most re-
markable statement, for three days before that
time the President had sent in here a commu-
nication from the Secretary of State, notifying
Congress that Virginia had ratified the fifteenth
amendment. That information was befoi-e the
House at that time, and had been referred to
the committee, and ordered to be printed. The
records of the House will show that that com-
munication from the President was received
here three or four days before the day I speak of.
Sir, the Reconstruction Committee had taken
all the evidence ; everything was before us. It
was notorious that Virginia had ratified the
fifteenth amendment; every man in the United
States who reads a newspaper knew that fact.
It was a mere pretense, a shallow, barren pre-
tense, that we wanted any evidence that Vir-
ginia had ratified the fifteenth article of amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States.
It was the first time that that objection had
ever been made either in the committee or in
the House.
No, sir; it was the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts who barred the door, and who has
barred the door from the first day of the session
to the present time; and he would bar the door
to-day but that he knows the passage of this
bill is inevitable. When I told the gentleman
that I was willing to accept his bill—the bill
which he introduced ; the bill with his proviso
instead of mine—-he was not satisfied with that,
but he fell back upon something else. So it
has been from the first until now.
As I said in the outset, I am in favor of
concurring in the amendments of the Senate
because I believe it is the best we can do. If
we amend the bill and send it back to the
Senate we throw it out again upon the sea of
discussion, and no one can tell when it will get
back again. Iflthoughtthatthis House would
he willing to'non-concur in these amendments
and ask for a committee of conference, I would
favor that proceeding.
Mr. COX. Try it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But I am satisfied
the House will not do that; and therefore I
shall vote to concur in the Senate amendments.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, is not the measure
which was reported by the Reconstruction
Committee, and is not like it. In the bill re-
ported by that committee the provision with
reference to the oath required that all the officers
of Virginia hereafter elected should take that
oath. The Senate amendment requires only
that the present officers of Virginia shall take
it. That is a very wide difference.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me one moment? I do not
desire to allow that statement to pass unchal-
lenged, because, as I understand this bill, it
requires the taking of that oath by all officers
liGr6Bift6r
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
it so at all.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let the
gentleman examine theprovision.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman's
construction is correct what becomes of the
provision that all. these officers shall file a copy
of the oath within thirty days after the passage
of this bill? How are officers elected at a
remote future time to file the oath within
thirty days from the passage of this bill?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Only
those that are now elected are to do that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
that that was the construction put upon the
provision by the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I suppose
it was the construction of the Senator who
moved the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. At all events it is
not the construction which I put upon it, and
I think it is not true true construction. In my
opinion the requirement with reference to the
oath relates only to the present officers of Vir-
ginia and the present Legislature.
Besides, sir, this bill contains a provision in
regard to schools which was not in the original
bill, and there is not in this as there was in that,
a provision with regard to the Senators-elect
from Virginia. Nor is there ill this bill any pro*
vision with regard to continuing in office the
present officers of Virginia until their success-
ors shall have been elected and qualified. That,
by the way, was entirely unnecessary, because
the State constitution makes all needful pro-
visions upon that subject.
Now, sir, as what I have stated with refer-
ence to the requirement of the oath in the bill
now before us has been challenged, let me read
the provision of the bill. It is as follows :
Provided, That before any member of tho Legis-
lature of said State shall take or resume his seat, or
any officer of said State shall enter uj)on the duties
of his office, he shall take and subscribe and file in
the offieeoffchesecrotary of State of Virginia, for per-
manent preservation, an oath in the form following.
Then follows the form of the oath:
Which oath shall be taken before and certified by
any officer lawfully authorized to administer oaths.
And any person who shall knowingly swear falsely
in taking cither of such oaths shall be deemed guilty
of perjury, and shall be punished therefor by im-
prisonment not less than one year and not more
than ten years, a,nd shall be lined not lessthan §1,01)0
and not more than $10,U00. And in all trials for any
violation of this act the certificate of the taking ol
either of said oaths, with proof of the signaturo of
the party accused, shall be taken and held as con-
clusive evidence that sueh oath was regularly and
lawfully administered by competent authority: AruL
provided further, That every such person who shall
neglect for the period of thirty days next after the
passage of this act, to take, subscribe, and iile such
oath as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken, to alt
intents and purposes, to have vacated his othce.
It cannot be that this provision can be so
construed as to apply to officers hereafter to be
elected.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. WARD. I desire to ask my colleague
on the committee whether the Senate amend-
ment now before us does not contain the fund-
amental conditions which were in the bill
reported by the Committee on Reconstruction
with reference to the preservation of the right
of suffrage and the right to participate in the
school fund ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir; those pro-
visions are in this bill. . .
Mr. WARD. Those two^ provisions are,
then, the same as they were in the House bill
originally?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ Yes, sir; those pro-
visions were in the original House bill, and
thevwere provisions to which 1 did not object.
Mr. WARD. I desire simply to say in this
connection that, as I understand, this amend-
ment of the Senate contains substantially the
fundamental conditions which were in the bill
reported by the Committee on Reconstruction
with the exception of the condition .with5 refer-
ence to the right to sit on juries.' Such being
the case, these amendments being substantially
the bill reported by the committee, containing
what I regarded as the necessary guarantees
for the security of the country and of the loyal
people of Virginia, I-shall vote to concar in the
Senate amendments. . ' ■ ~ •
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois a question. ' -
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let me first ask the
Speaker how much'time I have left.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has seven-
teen minutes  f his hour left.*
Mr. MORGAN. Will not the gentleman
allow two minutes to the -other side of the
House?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will; more than
two minutes.
Mr: MORGAN. Will you allow me two
minutes?
Mr. FA'RNSWORTH. With pleasure; I
will allow you five. ■
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, it is not pre-
tended by any gentleman on the part of the
majority that Virginia has nob complied with
every requirement of the reconstruction acts.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bar-
lkb] does not so contend. The honorable gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] who
has just taken his- seat admits that she has.
Those requirements were declared by acts of
Congress to be conditions-precedent to -the
admission of Virginia to representation upon
this floor. Then, Virginia has complied with all
Congress demanded. Congress demanded that
Virginia should abolish slavery, and slavery
was abolished. Congress demanded that Vir-
ginia should repudiatedier war debt, and in
obedience to tho demand the dept was repudi-
ated. Congress demanded that the right of
suffrage should be Conferred by Virginia on the
negro, and it was done. In compliance with
the demands of Congress Virginia placed the
negro in the jury-box; and in Virginia at this
moment negro juries try the causes of while
men. Congress demanded that the negro in
Virginia should be allowed a pkice in the halls
of her State Legislature, and at this ,moment
negroes are making laws to govern the State
of Virginia. Congress demanded that Virginia
should ratify the thirteenth amendment, and
Virginia did so. .
A Member. The fourteenth.
Mr. MORGAN. The thirteenth, too. Con-
.gress demanded that Virginia should ratify the
fourteenth amendment and Virginia complied.
As a final condition Congress before the
country pledged its faith to.Virginia that upon
her ratification of the fifteenth amendment
she should be entitled to representation upon
thisfloor. Thefifteenthamendmentwasratified,
and now Congress, in violation of its solemnly
declared faith, denies to Virginia that repre-
sentation which was pledged to her. Gentle-
men have said that they were afraid to trust
the faith of the South, and now they unblush-
ingly propose to violate their own. Would it
not better become this House, would it not
better become Congress^ to keep its own faith
in the present moment instead of expressing
fears that the people of the South will not
keep their faith in the future?
Sir, it is my intention to vote against this
bill, because it imposes new conditions which
are unconstitutional, arbitrary, and unjust.
And as Carthage bccame forever infamous by
her Panic faith so will this Congress-be kno wn
to history as the perfidious if these unwise and
absurd conditions are enforced-against Vir-
gl Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to yield to me. . ,, .
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield to the
gentleman from New York.
Mr COX I have sought the floor for some
time,'Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of express-
in" what I conceive to be at least the record of
the votes of the great majority of this House.
