720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
One hundred and forty-nine members gave
their voices and their votes for the substitute
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
for the free, untrammeled admission of Vir-
ginia. We were aided to that, not merely
because we colleagued, as stated by the gentle-
man from Ohio, but because we owed it to the
sisterhood and institutions of Virginia for the
future.
We opposed the bill introduced by the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] be-
cause with all its qualifications and all its
fundamental, conditions it placed in the hands
of the military a power—for that would have
been the result—a power to strike down not
merely Virginia, but the State of New York or
any other State, at the pleasure of Congress.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] says
he would not vote for this measure if it inflicted
nuy inequality on Virginia which was not in-
flicted on New York or Ohio. Now I ask the
Republican members of this House whether
they dare to fix any such sign of inequality on
the States of New York or Ohio as. they fix
by this bill on Virginia ; whether they would
dare to strike down the school system of New
York, or the jury-trial system of New York ;
whether they would dare to interfere with suf-
frage in New York, except by an amendment
of the Federal Constitution? You have not
got the courage to interfere in that way with
those powerful States. But you take a weak
State—one from which you know you have
yourselves drawn the life and blood—you take
that State and strike it down. And when to
prevent this the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] probably acting independently and
honestly, comes forward with a bill of which
we all approve, I do not think he is to be
taunted for introducing such a measure. I
certainly did not taunt him. But the gentle-
man from Massachusetts throws out a taunt
against the gentleman from Ohio, and spoke
of the course he took the other day, as if it
were an illustration of the old maxim, that
"the micewould play when the cat was away."
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Quite
true. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts I suppose, then, plays the part of the
cat [laughter] as the leader of the Republican
party; and when the gentleman plies the lash
the one hundred and forty-nine members who
' voted for the passage of the House bill, minus
the Democrats, cringe before it, and reverse
their votes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield for a short
time to my colleague, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I was one of
those who voted for the admission of Virginia
without conditions. I did not so vote because I
was voting with the Republican party or against
the Republican party. I did it because I
thought it was right; and I say to the gentle-
men who have control, or claim to have control
over the Republican party now, that under
similar circumstances 1 should repeat exactly
what I did then.
Whether working round in the lobbies of
the Senate for several days past has been the
cause of the return of the bill with these con-
ditions, in order that some gentleman might
have an opportunity of flagellating in language
peculiar to himself the balance of the Repub-
licans in this House I do not know; nor do I
desire to enter into any of the personalities
which have been engaged in here between gen-
tlemen. I would say that I have not myself
been a member of the Republican party so
long as to have allowed the moss to grow upon
my back, and hence I have no desire to crit-
icise the action of anybody else as a Repub-
lican. I have not been one so long but I can
vote to suit myself. I ask no one to be the
sponsor for my actions, nor shall I allow any
one to undertake that office.
Now; why did I or anybody else vote for the
admission of Virginia without conditions? I
did it on the ground that the Republican party
at the time they passed the reconstruction act
providing for the reconstruction of Virginia
put conditions in the reconstruction bill, and
said, " If Virginia shall comply with these
reconstruction conditions she shall be admitted
to representation upon the floor of Congress."
Virginia did comply with these conditions.
She carried out her part of the compact in good
faith ; and then she asked the Congress of the
United States to comply with the contract it
had made on its part. On that ground I voted
for her admission without conditions, and
under the same circumstances I would do so
again. I see no inconsistency in voting to admit
Virginia now under this bill and voting the
other day to admit her without conditions ; for
I quite agree with the argument of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] for
whose legal ability I have the highest respect,
when he took the ground that these conditions
are not to be viewed as anything more than a
notice to Virginia that she had better behave
herself.
I do not believe these conditions are anything
more than notice. 1 said here a few days ago
that a condition imposed upon a State that she
shall not change her constitution where that
change is not in conflict with the Constitution
of the United States is a condition that is not
worth a snap of my fingers. I believed it then;
I believe it now. Hence, whenever a condi-
tion is imposed upon a State and a violation
of that condition is not in conflict with the
Constitution of the United States the State has
not violated the Constitution if it does an act
that is not in accordance with the condition,
and the State cannot have penalties imposed
upon it therefor.
Sir, I shall vote to concur in the amendments
of the Senate, not because I agree with the
Senate in every particular, not because I agree
that these conditions ought to be imposed, not
because I believe that these conditions may not
some of them be violated and yet Virginia hold
her status in the Union, but I shall vote for it
because I am in favor of the admission of the
State at the earliest practicable moment so as
to get these vexed questions that have been
before Congress and before the Union for years
past out of the way; that this strife may pass
away from the Halls of Congress; that all the
States may again take their positions here in
the family of States ; that they again may bow
to the old flag of the Union ; that they again
may turn their eyes up to the shining stars and
there receive the light that the fathers of the
country received and that they transmitted to
the generations to come after them. I am for it
that the gloom that hangs around this country
and the dark cloud that has hovered over us
so long may pass away, and the light of heaven
serenely shine once more upon the Republic
of America.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield three
minutes to the gentleman from Nevada, [Mr.
Fitch. ]
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Speaker, I believe it would
have been wiser partisan policy and better per-
formance of implied compacts to have admit-
ted Virginia without conditions; yet I shall
vote for this bill because it does admit Vir-
ginia, and I regard it as better for the country
to admit her so rather than longer exclude her.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield three
minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Kellogg.]
Mr. KELLOGG. I have only one word to
say upon this bill, and that is that I should much
prefer to cast my vote as I did, before, and as
more than half the Representatives' of New
England cast their votes before, for admitting
Virginia without conditions. I think that is
the way we ought to admit her now, notwith-
standing the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] has charged one half of his
fellow-members from New England with doing
what they ought not to have done—men who
were Republicans long before he ever dreamed
of belonging to any such party.
Although I voted before to admit Virginia
without any conditions, yet I believe the
country calls upon us with one voice all over
the land to admit Virginia as speedily as pos-
sible and settle this question; and therefore,
bungling and awkward as these conditions
are, put together as they are, with a longer
tail than I ever saw in my life to so small a
head, with three pages of provisos tacked on
one after another to just a line and a half of
clean, original bill, which ought for the credit
of this Congress and the country to have passed
exactly as at first presented, I say I will vote
for the three pages of conditions, all for the
sake of settling this question.
Mr. FARNSWORTJ3. I believe my hour
is about up, and I shall have to call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SHANKS. Is it in order to move that
all the penitents be permitted to come up and
confess at once ?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move the previous
question.
Mr. WOOD. I move to lay the motion to
concur upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That will carry to the
table the bill and amendments.
Mr. WOOD. I would like to separate the
amendments from the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can ac-
complish his purpose only by voting not to
concur.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered, which was
upon concurring in the amendments of the
Senate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Upon that question I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 13G, nays 58,
uot voting 16 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Aruell, Asper, Bailey, Banks, Beamaij,
Bcatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Boles, Bowen, Boyd, George M.Brooks, Buck, Buck-
ley, Buffinton, Burehard, Burdett,Benjamin JF. But-
ler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook. Coneer,
Cowlos, Cullom. Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Donley, Du-
val, Dyer.Bla, Farnsworth, Ferriss,_ Ferry, Fink-
eluburg, JFislier, Fitch, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale,
Hamilton, Ilawlcy, Hay, Heaton, Heflin, Hill, Hoar,
Hoge, Hooper, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketoham, Knapp, Laflin,
Lash, Lawrcnco, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch. May-
nard, McCarthy, McCrary, MeGrew, bliakim H.
Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P.Morrill, Myers, Negley, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Paine, Palmer, Peters, Phelps, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Sargent,
Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. bhei-
don, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, AVilliam Sinyth,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stough-
ton, Strickland, Strong:, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman,-
Townsend, Twiohell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Wheeler, Whittemore, Wilkinson,
Willard, Williams, John T.Wilson, and Winans—136.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beck,
Bird, James Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cleveland, Cox,
Crebs, Deweese, Dickinson, Dos, Eldridge, Getz,
Golladay, Greene, Griswold, Haldeman, Hamble-
ton, Hamill, Hawkins, Holman, Johnson, Thomas
L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Mayham, McCor-
miek, McNeely, Morgan, Mungen, Niblaek. Potter,
Randall, Reeves, Rice. Rogers, Sehumaker, Sherrod,
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Strador.
Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump,
Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester,
Wood, and Woodward—58.
NOT V OTING—Messrs. Barnum, Biggs, Churchill,
Dickey, Dockery, Fox, Haight, Hays, Hoag, Hoteh-
kiss, Alexander H. Jones, Mereur, Morrissey, Packer,
Reading, and Witeher—16.
So the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. CESSNA. I repeat the announcement
that my colleague, Mr. Dickey, is paired with
Mr. Haight, of New Jersey. If Mr. Dickey
were here he would vote to concur in these
amendments.
Mr. RANDALL. My colleague, Mr. Read-
ing, is paired with Mr. Churchill, of New
York, and if here would vote against concur-
ring in these amendments.
