1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
I move the reference of these resolutions to
the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN also presented the me-
morial of Ferdinand Scheiblich, of Columbus,
Ohio, praying to be allowed a pension; which
•was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Rural, Clermont county, Ohio, and a petition
of citizens of Canal, Winchester, Ohio, pray-
ing the abolition of the franking privilege;
which were referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. THURMAN. I present also another
petition praying the abolition of the franking
privilege, but it does not state where it is from,
nor am I able to make out the post-mark on
the envelope. All I know is that it is signed
by " D. Brolest, deputy postmaster." If it be
found where he is postmaster it will be known
where that petition is from. I move ils refer-
ence to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I present a petition from citi-
zens of Colfax and Sutler counties, Nebraska,
praying the abolition of the franking privilege.
The letter accompanying it states that it is for-
warded " in compliance with suggestions from
the Third Assistant Postmaster." I move its
reference to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
, Mr. THAYER. I also present a petition
from citizens of Washington county, Nebraska,
praying the abolition of the franking privilege.
The letter of the postmaster in this case also
states that " it is forwarded in accordance with
the request of the Postmaster General." I
move its reference to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER also presented a petition of
citizens of Fr6mont, Dodge county, Nebraska,
a, petition of citizens of Douglas county, Ne-
braska, and apetition of citizens of Hall county,
Nebraska, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege ; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. COLE. I present a petition quite nu-
merously signed by citizens of Santa Cruz
county, California, setting forth certain embar-
rassments that they are under arising from a
reservation of railroad lands in that county,
and asking a modification of the law. I think
it ought to be referred to the Committee-on
Public Lands, though it may properly go to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad; L am not
certain which. The Committee on Public Lands
can take charge of it, at any rate ; I move its
reference to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I have divers and sundry peti-
tions, signed by citizens of California headed
"abolition of the franking privilege," which
I move be referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I present several peti-
tions from citizens of Michigan, which have
come to mo without the postage on them being
paid, asking for the abolition of the franking
privilege. As they seem to be using that priv-
ilege very freely I would suggest that in future
the petitioners for the abolition of the franking
privilege shall pay their postage. _ It would be
a practical illustration of a good intention. I
move the reference of these petitions to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of West Township, Huntingdon county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. FENTON presented petitions of citizens
of Oistpango pOIUitV: Kr-v Vr.i'l: : ftf SsilT.tOfja
county, New York, of Wyoming county, New
York; and another of citizens of Saratoga
county, New York, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
_ Mr. HAMILTON presented, a petition of
citizens of Washington county, Maryland, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. PATTERSON. I present a report of the
receipts and expenditures of the Columbia In-
stitution for the Deaf and Dumb for the year
ending June 30, 1869, made by the president
of the institution as required by law ; and I
ask that it be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That William G. Coffin have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIODSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had concurred in the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 783) to
admit the State of Virginia to representation
in the Congress of the United States.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 975) to dedicate
the public agricultural lands in the State of
California to homestead and preemption pur-
poses, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had appointed Mr. Thomas A.
Jekokes of Rhode Island, Mr. Stephen San-
kord of New York, and Mr. Thomas Swann
of Maryland, the joint select Committee on the
part of the House on the subject of Heating,
Lighting, and Ventilating the Senate Chamber
and House of Representatives.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
R. No. 783) to admit the Stale of Virginia to
representation in the Congress of the United
States; and it was thereupon signed by the
Vice President.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ROBERTSON, from the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities,
reported a bill (8.-No. 436) to relieve certain
persons therein named from the legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
Stales, and for other purposes; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was^ referred the
bill (S. No. 159) to aid the building of a roll-
ing-mill in the eity of Washington, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report an amend-
ment to the House joint resolution No. 120,
relating to the income tax, and ask that it be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be ordered
to be printed. |
Mr. OSBORN, from the Committee on Pub- j
lie Lands, to whom was referred the joint reso- |
lution (S. R. No. 73) for the disposal of the j
public lands in the States of Florida, Alabama, j
Mississippi, Louisiana, and Arkansas, reported j
it with an amendment. !
PASSP0B.T CLERK. j
Mi-. SUMNER, from the Committee on For- !
eign Relations, reported a joint resolution (S. |
R. No. 105) authorizing the passport clerk at j
tha Department of State to administer oaths 1
«l?(j fiffimatiofts on. applications for passports s :
which was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
Mr. S UMNER. As that concerns the busi-
ness- of the Department, I ask the action of
the Senate upon it now. There can be no
question upon it.
. By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It authorizes and
empowers the elerk in the Department/of State
who may from time to time be assigned to the
duty of examining applications for passports
to receive and attest, but without charge to the
affiant, all oaths, affidavits, or affirmations
which are or may be required by law or by the
rules of the Department of State to be made
before granting such passport or passports, and
such oaths, affidavits, or affirmations are to be
deemed to be made under the pains and pen-
alties of perjury.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
lime, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BAYARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 437) for the relief of George Andrews;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 438) grantiug lands to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in the State of Florida;
whieh was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 439)
to grant lands to the Sierra Iron Company;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No. 440)
to divide California into two judicial districts ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (8. R. No. 106) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Ameri-
can register to the schooner Miami; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 107) for the relief of
Commodore S. B. Bissell; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee ou
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
CONTRACTORS FOR IRON-CLADS.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up at this time Senate joint
resolution No. 92, with a view to its recom-
mitment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri asks unanimous consent to take from
the table the joint resolution (S. R. No. 92) for
the relief of certain contractors for the con-
struction of vessels of war and steam machin-
ery. The Chair hears no objection, and that
joint resolution is before the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. I mpve that it be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Naval Affairs. ,
The motion was agreed to.
SEIZURE OS SPIRITS.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 move to take up for con-
sideration Senate joint resolution No. 82. it
has been twice before the Senate, and I want
it disposed of in some way. If the Senate is
disposed to take up these whisky cases ana
examine them let us kuow^ itbat it
going to Mrs {!??>  9W: ??1'
to ibii propei-
