726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
ment officers they should be allowed to go on
without being stopped by action in the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as :n Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the jointresolution (S. R. No.
8*2) relating to the seizure of distilled spirits in
California, the pending question being on the
motion of Air. Hamlin, to postpone the joint
resolution indefinitely.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator from Maine will
consent to allow this resolution to be referred
to a^committee in accordance with my motion
it can be disposed of without much debate;
but if he insists upon indefinitely postponing it
I shall want to consume sometime in debating
the question. From the remark made by the
Senator that he wishes it disposed of in some
way I am induced to hope that he may consent
to have it referred to a committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. My impression is that the
thing is most inappropriately here; that we
are not the body to investigate matters that
belong to the Departments. If the Senate
have a different impression they can entertain
this resolution, but I would rather take the
vote of the Senate. I do not want to discuss
it. I think we can dispose of it in the morn-
ing hour and be done with it.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I regard this
as a matter of much more importance than
seems to be accorded to it. by the Senator from
Maine and others who have spoken against the
resolution or in favor of its indefinite post-
ponement. We sometimes spend hours and
even days in the discussion of matters of very
little pecuniary or other importance. Tins
question is of very great moment pecuniarily
to the Government.
It is a conspicuous fact that a great deal of
the distilled spirits that have been made in the
United States since the inauguration of the
internal revenue system have entirely escaped
taxation. I have heard it alleged by those who
ought to be pretty well informed on the subject
that the Government has been defrauded out
of hundreds of millions of dollars of tax that
was properly due under the law on distilled
spirits. Some have estimated it to the enor-
mous amount of $500,000,000. We of course
have no very accurate data by Which to arrive
at the amount out of which the Government
has been defrauded on whisky. That it is very
large must be conceded by every one.
It has been the wish and purpose of the
Government to raise a very large proportion
of the revenue that supports the Government
out of distilled spirits. I think that at least
half the tax that is raised through the internal
revenue department ought to be made off this
commodity. 1 have in the report of the Spe-
cial Commissioner of the Revenue a state-
ment of the amount of tax collected upon
spirits in 1865, in 1866, in 1867, and in 1868,
and the percentage of the tax that is raised
from that source. I will not quote the amount
collected each year, but the percentage, or
about the percentage of the revenue collected
from that source I will now give.
For the year 1865 the percentage was a
little over seven and a half per cent. ; for the
year 1866 it was about nine and one third per
cent. ; for 1807 it was less than eleven per
cent. ; and for the year 1868 it was about seven
and one third per cent. This glance at the
statistics will snow that the Government has
failed to an alarming extent in the collection
of the tax upon this commodity.
Now, Mr. President, I pass from that branch
of the subject, regarding that as sufficiently set
forth, to another more immediately connected
with the question now before the Senate. An
attempt has been made by two or three Sen-
ators distinguished for their ability and their
general fairness to put me at issue with the
Secretary of the Treasury in this matter. That
I regard as impossible. There is no issue be-
tween me or my constituents and the Secretary
of tjie Treasury. I repeat w|iat I said before,
! that no person can entertain a more exalted
| opinion of that distinguished officer than I
j myself do. This question of the seizure of
I whisky in California was just about the time
of the introduction of my resolution, perhaps
before, perhaps a little later, referred by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to that
officer.
It was stated hy one of the Senators, also,
that the Commissioner himself had passed no
judgment upon this matter. The papers under
the head of " departmental and official inform-
ation" stated that he had given his judgment
upon it. It was stated in the same connection
in the city papers that, a committee of the offi-
cers of that Department had been called to pass
judgment upon this question and had recom-
mended a release of the whisky. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury had not the matter in his
charge originally. It has been taken to him,
therefore, by the direction of the Commissioner
himself; but it must be well understood by
every Senator wilhin my hearing that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury cannot investigate per-
sonally all these questions of seizure occurring
throughout the three hundred districts in the
United States. It is a matter of physical and
mental impossibility for him to do it. In every
case nearly, I presunio in nineteen twentieths
and probably iu ninety-nine hundredths of
the cases, he leaves the question to the decis-
ion of the subordinate officers in his Depart-
ment. The Commissioner himself could not
be supposed to give his personal attention to
every case that might be brought into that
Department by a seizure of goods for a viola-
tion of the law. it would be impossible for
him to do it; and the caso that is now before
the Secretary is in all probability an excep-
tional oue—it is a rare instance of the kind.
It was referred to him unquestionably because
of the opposition made to the release of this
whisky; it was referred to him because the
officers who had examined it under the objec-
tion that was made were unwilling to take the
responsibility of its release or of passing upon
the question.
Now, the proposition is that this question
shall go to a committee as a test question, in
order that they may examine into the merits
of it and that both sides may be heard. The
distinguished Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] stated in his remarks the other day that
if what was charged by me were true itivas my
duty as a Senator to bring the proof to the
attention of the Senate and the country. That,
sir, is precisely what I desire ; that is precisely
what I am aiming at; and it cannot be done
in any better way or in any more direct man-
ner than by the examination of a committee
whose duty it is to investigate questions of this
kind.
Why, then, under these circumstances should
there be an exertion to keep it outof the chan-
nel from which proper information can be ob-
tained ? Why should this resolution be indefi-
nitely postponed, rather than be referred to a
committee to examine both sides of the case?
It is well understood, and was so stated the
other day, that the officers themselves cannot
appeal to the Secretary of the Treasury. The
seizing officer has no such appeal. He is in
the hands at once of his superior officer, who
may do and deal with the property that is
seized as such superior officer sees fit. The
seizing officer cannot appeal to the Secretary
of the Treasury. He is subordinate to the
Commissioner, and for him to appeal from
the decision of the Commissioner would be an
act of insubordination. It would be a sufficient
ground for his removal; for his removal in
disgrace, if you please. This is a matter be-
tween the owners of the property and the Gov-
ernment. The officers are not a party to it in
any proper sense, except on the side of the
Government under their obligation and oath
to regard and protect the interests of the Gov-
ernment. The question, therefore, is one i
exclusively between the owners of the property
and the Government itself; and the officers of
the Government, under the obligations of their
oath, under a sense of their duty, are to pass
upon the question between the Government
and the owners of the property.
I hope, therefore, there will be no earnest
or persistent objection to letting this question
go to a committee to examine witnesses upon
it and look into the facts of the case and to
report whether thelawshould not.be changed ;
the law putting discretion in certain subordi-
nate officers to deal with property which has
been seized under these broad allegations of
violation of the revenue laws without such an
examination as will result in bringing oat the
exact truth of the case. I believe the law should
be changed. These proceedings against prop-
erty that is alleged to have violated or escaped
the law are in some sense criminal proceed-
ings. They are quasi such, at all events. The
party whose property is seized if he has vio-
lated the law is subject to a fine, and the Uni-
ted States officer prosecutes the case. It is
the duty of the district attorney of the United
States to take charge of the eases ; and at least
his judgment should be asked before property
is released when seized for an alleged violation
of law. - Yet what is the custom ? To take the
ex parte and partial statements of the owner
of the property. We all know, what a case can
be made out on ex parte testimony. We all
know how unfair a proceeding that. is. We all
know that it does not result in justice. It is
only by a hearing of both sides that you get at
the facts, that you get at the exact justice of
the case. • Therefore, I think the law should
be so altered as to require at least a written
certificate or opinion of the prosecuting officer
of the United States, the district attorney,
before there should bo a release of property
that has been seized under so serious a charge
as this.
My distinguished friend from Ohio took ex-
ception to a remark I made some time ago and
I could not on that occasion rejily to him. He
objected to the appellation which I gave to a
person with whom he was acquainted. I called
him and another person who had been sent to
California "whisky emissaries/' Such they
certainly appeared to me to be; such I still
believe them to have been; and the circum-
stances are such as to warrant, in my judgment,
a more harsh appellation than that to the men
whose names I mentioned in connection with
this transaction. I am pleased to see the Sen-
ator from Ohio so exceedingly regardful of the
good name of his friends, and he will excuse
me if I am equally so in reference to the names
of the friends of myself who have been so
grossly handled by these same emissaries who
were sent out there in reference to this par-
ticular business, as stated by the Senator from
Maine and the Senator from Ohio himself; not
merely men connected with the revenue ser-
vice in California, but men who were named
for office in California. Men of as high stand-
ing as any men in that State, men of as unques-
tionable reputation, men of as unimpeachable
integrity as any in that State, were pronounced
by these emissaries as unfit to hold the offices
there, simply because the offices for which they
were named would have some control over these
evasions of the law in reference to the payment
of the tax upon alcohol.
1 believe that it is an attempt by persons
whose interests lie in the western States, mainly
in Ohio and Kentucky, to control the whisky
trade of the Pacific coast, and there is much
more involved in this question than the amount
of whisky under seizure. That probably is only
about one thirtieth of the amount that is in-
volved. If they can, through their emissaries
sent out there, turn out of office all persons
who do their duty in the way of- attempting
to enforce the law, and name their successors,
as they have boldly, with unbridled audacity,
attempted to do, they can control that trade and
