1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n 2f
it will be worth millions to them, which mil-
lions the Government will fail to collect, and it
will be to tlae disadvantage also of millions to
my constituency.
Sir, this course of treatment toward the State
that I have the honor in part to represent is
unparalleled. It is exactly such treatment as
has been practiced during many ages on the
part of England toward Ireland, sending over
agents there, emissaries, spies, and detectives,
for the purpose of promoting interests that
exist in England. California was a loyal State;
she was as much so as any State ; she paid as
liberally and voluntarily her money to the san-
itary and Christian commissions as any State ;
she furnished all the troops that she was called
upon to furnish; she volunteered to furnish
many more than were accepted. She is,
therefore, a loyal State in all respects, and it
is not justice toward her to send out officers
there for the purpose of interfering in this gross
manner with lier interests and her people.
I stated in my remarks the other day that we
could manufacture these spirits there cheaper
than they could in the other States. The Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Shekman] took issue with
me upon that question and said that in very
bad spirits Ohio could excel all other States,
and particularly the State of California. But
how can this be done with the enormous
expense that attends the transfer of these
cheap spirits, these high-wines, all the way
from Ohio, through New York, and around
Cape Horn to the Pacific coast, incurring enor-
mous and heavy expenses? It is a matter of
impossibility that they can compete with our
people upon any fair basis, or that they can
do it if all the whisky pays its tax as it should.
There is no place in the United States where
grain is cheaper than in California, ajid, as
stated here by Senators, as good an article of
alcohol can be made there as anywhere, and
it is afforded as cheaply there as anywhere,
and when the tax is paid upon the spirits that
are imported, as it is upon those which are
made there, California can supply her own
market without the least question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour having expired, the currency bill is before
the Senate, and the Senator from New York
[Mr. Fentox] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. This matter is now up, and
I appeal to my friend from New York to allow
us twenty or thirty minutes to dispose of it and
get it out of the way. I hope my friend will
agree to that.
Mr. FENTON. I am entirely willing to
yield to the judgment of the Senator from
Maine, with the understanding that I may re-
sume the floor after twenty or thirty minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York consents to the special order being
passed over informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall object to this if it
is likely to lead to an ineffective debate. If
the Senator from California has made up his
mind to talk on this resolution at any consid-
erable length, so as to prevent a vote on it, I
think he ought to inform us. He can tell us
about what time he desires to occupy.
Mr. COLE. The Senator has 110 reason to
infer that I have made up my mind to any such
purpose as that. I merely want an opportunity
to say what I desire to say. I do not know
what may be said by others, or how long the
debate may continue. I have no control over
that except so far as I am concerned. I will
not detain the Senate a great while. _
The VICE PRESIDENT._ The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio lhat if the cur-
rency bill is passed over informally it can be
called up at any time. Any Senator can demand
the regular order at any time. The Senator
from California will resume.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, if there is any
sort of distilled spirits that can compete with
the market in California it is a kind that is not
represented by the stamps or brands upon the
packages in which these spirits are found. It
there is any kind that can compete success-
fully in the market there it is an article made
in Kentucky. I do not know but that some of
the Kentucky whisky may be of such superior
quality as to vindicate itself in the market and
to findpurchasers even where there is an abund-
ance of the best California product that can be
manufactured. But the charge against this
property is lhat it was sent out as high-wines,
which article sells in the markets of California
for ninety-five cents a gallon, whereas the real
commodity in the packages sells in the markets
there readily for two dollars a gallon ; and if
the stamps found upon these packages indicate
high-wines, whereas another commodity is
found in the casks or barrels, it is regarded by
the officers as proof next to conclusive, as
proof positive, that the material that is found
in the packages has in some way escaped taxa-
tion. That a large quantity of the spirits that
are shipped to California, as well as a large
proportion of that used in other parts of the
United States, escapes taxation entirely, I
think I have demonstrated in the remarks that
I made at the outset of this debate.
The Senator from Maine characterized this
as a remarkable proceeding. So in one sense
it is, and the occasion for it was still more
remarkable. The occasion for it is such as
has not occurred before in the history of this
country, in my judgment. It is only a resort
to an emergency, if the Senator please, to meet
an emergency that has not before arisen. It
we shall succeed in having a fair investigation
of this subject, in -having a perfect test made
of the character of this product to determine
twhether it has evaded the tax or not, we will
"have accomplished certainly one very good end
by the introduction of the resolution. I hope
that result may be attained. The only way,
in my judgment, in which it can be attained is
by having this resolution referred to a com-
mittee, as all joint resolutions should be and
generally are referred. Let them examine the
testimony that may bo offered pro and con;
lot them examine witnesses both on behalf of
the owners of the property and on behalf of the
officers who seized it, if you please, or 011 be-
half of the Government; let tests be made by '
that committee, or at least evidence he brought
before them of tests having been made in a
fair and impartial manner; and then they will
be able to determine whether or not there
should be some legislation in order to prevent
cases of this kind in the future, and in order,
above all things, to enforce, if possible, the
collection of this tax upon distilled spirits.
As I remarked awhile ago. I -believe this
commodity should pay half the revenue tax at
least. It is the very commodity above all
others out of which the revenue of the Govern-
ment should be obtained. It is not merely a
luxury, but is an article as ordinarily used of
very great injury to the world and very great
injury to our country. It is an article the pro-
duction of which should not be encouraged.
It should be taxed, because the tux will perhaps
reduce the amount of it used, and the use of
it is as a general thing injurious to tne peo-
,ple ; injurious not only to those who partake ot
it, but to all those depending upon such per-
sons and connected with them. It is a disad-
vantage to the whole country. It is that sort
of product, not merely a luxury, but injurious,
that should be made to pay a large proportion
of the taxes of this country; and least oi alt
should such a commodity be permitted to
escape taxation, as this has, to the amount ot
hundreds of millions of dollars.
I hope, therefore, that the^ Senator from
Maine will consent to let this joint resolution
go to the Committee on Retrenchment, m order
that such disposition may be made of it as they
shall judge proper, and not let it he disposed
of by being indefinitely postponed.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I am very
anxious, as I said when I asked the Senate to
take up this resolution, that it should^ dis-
posed of; and I am very free to admit taat I
would rather have it committed and not have
it disposed of, while I think the wiser way is
to indefinitely postpone it, because I believe
the investigation of whisky frauds and whisky
matters is not appropriate to this body. The
law has made it the duty, first, of th.e Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue to examine into
this matter and determine it. I understand
he has done so, though he has promulgated no
decision. In deference to the earnest oppo-
sition of the Senator from California he trans-
ferred the official decision of the question to
the Secretary of the Treasury, who I believe
I am authorized to say is to-day ready to give
to the gentlemen interested any investigation
they may ask before him. Now, then, if the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue has exam-
ined it, and the Secretary of the Treasury is
willing to examine it, I ask if it is wise for us
to appeal from the decision of such men to a
committee of the Senate ? There is Columbus
Delano; there is George S. Boutwell; if they
are not men entitled to our confidence there
are none in our community. These are the
best men we have got._ _ If we cannot take their
decisions whose decision shall we take? I
assure the Senator from California that he can
have all hearing he wants before them. I do
not believe in bringing these matters into the
Senate for that very reason.
But the Senator suggests that there may be
wisdom in amending our laws. I do not know
enough about the laws to express an opinion
on that subject; but if there is a necessity for
it that Senator shall have my hearty cooper-
ation in bringing about those amendments, but
not by dragging in a particular case in the
very nature of an appeal from the Commis-
sioner and the Secretary of the Treasury before
a committee as a pivot upon which to make
that action. If the Senator will introduce his
resolution directing the Committee on Finance
or any appropriate committee to inquire what,
if any, amendments are necessary in the laws,
he shall have my cordial vote, my cheerful
vote. But I do think the present proposition
is unwise and improper, and I therefore hope,
because I will not take up the time of the
Senate, that they will postpone this resolution
and leave the matter to be decided where the
decision ought to be. ,
Mr. COLE. But one word further, sir. There
is more than a mere examination of the question
of the ownership of this whisky that I wish
to have investigated under this head. I wish
to have an examination of the persons in con-
nection with this matter: the sending of men
to California; why they were sent;_ for what
purpose they were sent; what their mission
was ; what they did. It was stated by my dis-
tinguished friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
the other day that I ought to bring this matter
to the attention of the Senate. I desire the
privilege of doing so, and I wish this resolution
to be referred for that purpose among others.
I do not question the capacity of the gentleman
before whom this question is now pending in
the Treasury Department by any means ; but
it is a matter of interest to him, and I have no
doubt it will be a matter of equal interest to
the distinguished Senator from Maine, to let
this subject be investigated thoroughly. There
is more in it, therefore, than the mere ownership
of this whisky. It is, as I believe, my duty
to bring this matter before the Senate. I have
no complaints against this whisky; I know as
little about it as the Senator from Maine, prob-
ably much less.
Mr. HAMLIN. I know nothing. .
Mr. COLE. I have not investigated it my-
self. I am not expert in the matter at all.
have, however, the interests of my constitu-
ency at stake. They demand an investigation
of this subject, and I will state to the Senator
from Maine thai they are very much interested
at>Mr THURMAN. Mr. President, I know
nothing of the merits of this seizure or its
demerits; but I pray the Senate to be slow
