728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
before they set the precedent of making the
Congress of the United States a trier of every
question of the seizure of property under the
internal revenue laws. If such a precedent is
once set everybody who is dissatisfied with the
decision of the Department will send in his
petition, and if we are to entertain such peti-
tions we shall have the largest docket of any
court in the United StateS) and some committee
or other will soon break down under such
investigations. I have heard not one reason
why this case should be made an exception to
the ordinary rule ; why it should not take the
ordinary course of being examined first by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and, after
his examination, by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. I shall vote for the motion of the Sen-
ator from Maine to indefinitely postpone the
resolution. •
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not certain that I
heard the more important parts of my col-
league's speech, though I listened attentively
to him. In much that he says I sympathize
heartily. lie is right in his statement that the
gentlemen sent out to California by the Treas-
ury Department have in their communication
which was read here the other day done injus-
tice to the people of that Stale, and especially
to the people of San Francisco. 1 desire to
say now what J should have said at the time
had I heard sufficiently the letter which was
read at the desk from Supervisor Coweu, in
regard to so much of it as tends to cast an
unmerited reproach upon the business men of
San Francisco in speakingof them as unfriendly
to a faithful discharge of his duties by him as
a supervisor of the internal revenue, there
is no doubt that in San Francisco, as else-
where, there are men whose self-interest blinds
them to what is just, and leads them to embar-
rass public officers in their duties. But having
lived in that community for nearly twenty
years in the practice of a profession which
necessarily brought me a great deal into rela-
tions with its business men, I have no hesita-
tion in saying—and I think Mr. Coweu will
realize the truth of what I say if he remains
there long enough—that there is no community
in this country where a faithful public officer
will meet, so soon as he is understood, more
cordial and thorough support than in San
Francisco.
My colleague lays stress on a contemplated
movement to break down the local whisky
interests of California aud to draw the business
entirely into the hands of distillers in Ohio and
elsewhere. As to that I am not informed. If
there be such a movement I should regret its
success as a representative aud citizen of that
State'; but in the legitimate course of busi n ess
I know of no way under the Constitution and
laws of the country by which one State can be
protected against the products of another
except by producing a better article at the
same price or selling as good an article at a
lower price. If it be true, as is so often asserted
by my colleague, that the distillers of San
Francisco are injured by the presence of this
large body of spirituous liquors, brought there
under cover of a fraud upon the revenue,
without paying the proper duties, why is -it
that no remonstrance is heard from that active
and intelligent body of men ?
Since I came here I have been more or less
in communication with the principal distillers
there, many of whom I know personally. Yet
to this moment I have not a word of complaint
from one of them on this subject; and I know
of uo complaint in their interest besides those
made by my colleague, unless it be a general
paragraph in a daily paper in San Francisco,
that the matter was a fight between the distill-
ers of California and the distillers of Ohio
and the Bast.
If I could be persuaded that there was such
a fraud here as ray colleague intimates, and
indeed asserts, I should go with him for any
course which would most thoroughly expose
and punish if,   ~ "
If it be true that these two or three thou-
sand barrels of whisky are not what they pre-
tend to be, and," have paid taxes as high wines
when they should have paid as rectified spir-
its, then I agree with my colleague that the
fact is strong proof of fraud; I go further,
and say that it is conclusive proof of fraud.
Whether the fact is so or not is_ precisely the
question. My colleague says it is so. It is a
matter for examination and proof.
Such an examination has been had, and has
resulted against the seizure. It is true that in
San Francisco, upon a chemical analysis there
by two chemists, the presence of a certain
quantity of saccharine matter was detected in
these liquors. This, I understand, is regarded
and is claimed by the seizing officer there as
proof, not conclusive perhaps, but very strong,
that the liquors had been rectified and were
not merely high-wines. 1 understand on the
other side—and I dwell on this matter a little
because it is really the turning-point of the
whole controversy—that the revenue office
here having learned the condition of the con-
troversy at San Francisco had a sufficient num-
ber of samples of the liquors sent on here and
examined by the chemists and experts of the
Department. Those samples camo here under
the seal of the Government, aud there seems
to be no doubt of their identity with the liquors
under seizure.
Theresult of that examination, 1 understand,
was against the seizure. It turned out that the
liquors were precisely what they purported to
be, high-wines, and not rect-itied. 1 understand
further that still another sample was submitted
to one of the most accomplished American,
chemists, Doctor Doremus, iu New York, and
by him examined without any knowledge of
what was taking place here. His analysis
agreed substantially with the analysis of the
revenue officer at Washington. I am informed
that the mistake of the chemists in San Fran-
cisco in their analysis there was caused by
assuming the sweetish residiuum found in the
analysis to be saccharine matter. However
this may be, there can be no doubt that upon
the fullest examination, chemical and other-
wise, the liquors are what they purnort to bs
and were improperly seized. Upon this ground
I made up my own judgment, from which I
stated the other day I should vote for the motion
to postpone indefinitely the joint resolution
offered by my colleague.
Another point deserves the attention of my
colleague aud of the Senate. Not only are
the gentlemen in San Francisco who represent
these liquors of the very highest respectability
and standing, but they and the owners of the
liquors are so strong in the consciousness of
their own rectitude that they have preferred to
let this great amount of property—five or six
hundred thousand dollars' worth, perhaps a
million—remain tied up in the hands of the
Government officers since last August. My
colleague will correct me if I am wrong,
but I think the seizure was made as long ago
as August. They have preferred to let it
remain there awaiting an investigation which
they felt must result in its release.
Under all the circumstances I really do not
see what would be the propriety or the justice
of subjecting this property to an inquiry before
a committee of Congress and an examination
of witnesses from California and elsewhere, as
proposed by my colleague. Great private in-
jury might be caused; but would the decision,
whatever it was, be more satisfactory ? If the
course pursued toward this property is to be
imitated in regard to all other large shipments
to California of merchandise subject to the
internal revenue tax, the general result must
be detrimental to the true interests of the people
of the State. While as Californians we favor
naturally and justly the development of our
local interests, it never can be for the good of
the people at large to pursue a policy which is
not only unjust to our fellow-citizens in other
o.i'itef., hyjt, whi.'h by driving tr.>m out, of
markets necessarily gives to a few a control of
business and of prices. That never can be
right; aud in this particular case it would also
be a violation in the spirit if not in the letter
of the guarantees of the Constitution, that a
citizen of one State shall have all the rights
and immunities of the citizens of the several
States. Besides all the other -reasons I have
stated I am very unwilling, upon this subject
or upon any other, to take away questions of
properly and personal rights from the officers
of the Government appointed to examine and
to decide them, whether they be judges in the
courts or oflicers of any executive Department,
iu order to bring them into this body. _ ■
I do not agree with the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Drake] who brought in a bill here
to take away from the Supreme Court its en-
tire jurisdiction over a most important class of
questions, when he declared, as a test of the
soundness of his own position, that there was
no court which had auy advantage over this
body in the trial and determination of ques-
tions of private right, either in respect of
property or otherwise. I differ from him most
widely. The exact reverse is the truth. I
scarcely know any body, which, considering
the immense amount of legitimate business
always pressing upon it, leaving out of view all
other reasons, is so ill fitted as the Congress
of the United States to deal with questions of
that character. It will be a most evil day for
the security of property and of all private
rights of property when the Congress of the
United States undertakes to draw to itself any
considerable part of that important jurisdic-
tion.
I might allude to certain features of the
seizure at San Francisco, but I refrain. The
views I have expressed are sufficient to con-
trol my course. I shall vote against the further
detention of this large amount of property pro-
posed by my colleague because I know of no
advantage to be gained by it to the Govern-
ment, and because I know of no other disposi-
tion of the question which will be just to the
private parties in interest, or wholesome, so far
as respects the administration of the Govern-
ment between Congress and the Departments
and the people of the country.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, my colleague
states that he has had no communication what-
ever from the persons in California interested
against the importation of liquors that have
escaped taxation. My colleague develops in his
remarks that he has been pretty fully advised
in regard to the interests of those who are
importing liquors into that State. He speaks
of the character of those through whom the
liquor is being imported into California. What
particular houses they are I really have not
inquired, nor do I know.
Mr. CASSERLY. If my colleague will allow
me, I will state now, as I ought to have stated
before, that I understand one of them is the
house of N. G. Kittle & Co., and the other is
the house of Piatt & Newton, in San Francisco,
and William T. Coleman & Co., New York.
If my colleague will allow me further, I will
endeavor to correct him. I have not been
particularly posted by either of these firms or
by anybody else. I spoke for about twenty
minutes on a railroad car to Mr. Coleman, sev-
eral weeks ago, on this subject and on general
topics of discussion. That is all the conversa-
tion I have had with anybody with regard to
the matter. Of course I have made inquiries
as to what had taken place in the Department,
and the result of those inquiries I have given.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harlan
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Cali-
fornia, who is entitled to the floor, yield to the
Senator from New York?
Mr. COLE. In a moment. I shall not
detain the Senate long.
Mr. FENTON. I think it h likely that tin*
pmttijf wPI takf* some time longer
