1870.
'ffiJS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.1
m
objection lias been made to it even in the public
prints. It seems to be conceded that this is
the most innocent way in which this now press-
ing necessity of a partial redistribution of bank
Circulation can be brought about.
The proposition for free banking on a coin
basis, 1 believe, also meets the general assent
of our constituents in all parts of our country.
The only doubt that has been suggested in the
consideration of the subject is whether such
banks would be organized; but that doubt has
been replied to by the actual offer of large
corporations and wealthy individuals 011 the
Pacific coast and in New York to organize
them upon (he basis of existing law. I trust,
therefore, we shall proceed with the considera-
tion of this bill, adopt such amendments to it
as the Senate think proper, and then pass it.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Minnesota insist upon his mo-
tion?
Mr. RAMSEY. Not if the Senate desire to
go on with the pending bill; but I have charge
of another bill of great importance which I
should like to have disposed of.
Mr. POME ROY. I thought as this bill
could not be disposed of to-day that we might
be allowed to pass some other bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us finish this and get
it out of the way.
Mr. RAMSEY. I withdraw my motion if
it is the desire of the Senate to go on with the
discussion of the pending bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota withdraws his motion, and
the question recurs 011 the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Somkkr.]
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I desire to
detain the Senate but a few minutes on this
subject. I think, in the first place, there ought
lo be some understanding in regard to whether
this bill is to be a finality upon the subject of
the redistribution of the currency, or whether
it is put in this form with the expectation or de-
sire that the bill which passed the Senate at the
last session and is now pending in the House of
Representatives shall become a law. We have
passed a hill by which $30,000,000 of currency
is to be taken from the eastern States having an
excess and given to the western States. If
this bill is intended as supplemental to that,
then it will produce a redistribution to the
extent of $75,000,000. But I rather under-
stand from the language of the Senator from
Ohio, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, in his statement yesterday and in
what ho has just said, that this is intended as
a substitute tor the other bill. He speaks of
it as being a more harmless and more inno-
cent way of bringing about this redistribution
than by taking currency from the eastern
States. If this is to be a substitute for the
other bill, then it does not go far enough. If
it is intended as supplemental to the other bill,
and the amount of 445,000,000 is fixed under
the expectation that the other bill is to be
passed in the House, then it does go perhaps
far enough, and perhaps further than sonic
might, insist upon going. I do not wish to vote
for this bill in its present form if it is to be
regarded as a substitute for the other bill, for
it docs not give currency enough to the West.
Discussing it very brif fly in the light of a
substitute for the other bill, and as intended to
furnish to the West all the new currency that
they are to have, several things can be said
about it. In the first place, the bill in its pres-
ent form is a bill to result in a contraction of
the currency—a substantia! and real contrac-
tion—to the extent of about seven million dol-
lars. This is demonstrable. The $45,000,000
of three per cent, certificates arc used as cur-
rency now. They stand absolutely in the place
of so many greenbacks. This is admitted
not only in the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, but in the argument of the chairman
of the committee; and he proposes to substi-
tute §45,000,000 of national bank notes for
$45,000,000 of three percent, certificates upon
the ground that the one exactly takes the place
of the other.
Sir, this is a mistake. It would lack exactly
•i>6,750,000 of taking the place ofthe $45,000,000
of currency in three per cent, certificates; and
how? Because the three per cent, certificates
are not to be supported by any reserve that is
to be locked up in the vaults of the banks; but
the ^45,000,000 of national bank notes to be
issued in iieu of them are to be Supported by a
reserve of fifteen per cent, of legal-tender notes,
which are thus practically withdrawn from cir-
culation and locked up in the vaults of the
banks. Therefore, we part with $45,000,000
of three per cent, certificates that now take the
place of $45,000,000 of legal-tender notes, and
we receive in lieu of them $45,000,000 of
national bank notes, accompanied with a with-
drawal of nearly seven million dollars of legal
tendersfrom circulation; so that, in point offact,
we receive only $38,000,000 for $45,000,000.
The notes that are held as a reserve by the
national banks, that they are required to keep
there constantly to the amount of fifteen per
cent., are effectually withdrawn from circula-
tion. They constitute no part of it; and this
addition of $45,000,000 to the $300,000,000 of
national bank notes already outstanding would
require an additional reserve of nearly seven
million dollars ; so that, in point of fact, this
bill does work an absolute contraction of nearly
seven million dollars.
It may bo said that this contraction of
$7,000,000 is a small item. Sir, it is not very
small. The withdrawal of $7,000,000 from
circulation would be felt sensibly by'the busi-
ness men of this country.
But, sir, there is another fact not to be lost
sight of: that contraction has been going on
for the last eighteen months. The country
has hardly been aware of it. We have felt it
in one way: we have felt that there was an
increased stringency in the money market.
Money has been growing somewhat scarcer.
We scarcely knew how it was. Rut that has
been the fact; and especially has that fact ,
been felt, and painfully felt, in theNorlhwest. j
How has this contraction been going on ?
Why, sir, up to the meeting of Congress on
the 1st of December the currency has been
contracted $21,000,000 in seventeen months,
as is shown by the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury. These three per cents, have
stood in the place of circulation all the time.
They have not all been held by the banks as
reserve; but those that have not been held by
the banks have been used as circulation in the
payment of debts continually. They could not
be held as investments. Three per cent, inter-
est was too small. Men would not hold them
as investments. They have been used as circu-
lation. Sometimes, and ordinarily, I am told,
in the New York market they have been sold
"flat," in theianguage of Wall street; that is
to say, without taking the interest into account.
Where the interest was nearly due it has some-
times been accounted for in the transaction,
but generally not; so that the excess not held
by the banks as reserve has, in point of fact,
made a part of the circulation continually.
What dops the Secretary say about that in his
report?
He soyv
*' On the "Of h of JiiW. thonnmuut of onhf ant-
ing three per ecnt. eortificafos and compound-) uler-
est notes convertible into three per cent, certificates
was 571.60t,890. On the 3i)th of June, [Soil, the amount
oiil-Kt-nndinK ra? #.M,391,-!10. showing a reduction of
^1(5,1)11), 1R(! in that form of indebtedness.
"On the 1st of December, 18i>9, the amount out-
standing wat' still further reduced to ^t9,71l>,15ll.
showing a total reduction in seventeen months of
^21,SSS,i4o."
Since that report was written $1,000,000
more have been retired, so that the absolute
contraction of the currency up to the time when
the amount of these certificates was reduced
to $45,000,000 was over twenty-five million
dollars, nearly twenty-six million dollars ; and
I say that the country has felt this contraction.
although it was not known exactly how it was
brought about or what was the cause of the
increased stringency. Then this bill putting in
lieu of the outstanding $45,000,000 of certifi-
cates 8^45,000,000 of bank notes, and they re;
quiring a withdrawal froni circulation of nearly
seven million dollars more of the legal-tender
notes, will produce a still further contraction,
making the whole amount of contraction
nearly thirty-three million dollars, adding the
$7,000,000 of withdrawal to sustain these
$45,000,000 of national bank notes to = the
contraction that has already taken place in the
three per cent, certificates.
While 1 have been steadily opposed to the
expansion of the currency ever since I have
had the honor to be a member of this body, I
have always been opposed to contraction, and
I think the sense of Congress has been ex-
pressed time and again within the last three
years against the contraction -of the currency.
I do not agree entirely with the distinguished
Senator from New York, [Mr. Penton,] who
has made a speech to which I have jngt listened
with great pleasure, that our currency is in
excess; and I am still more satisfied of that
than -ever. I read with some surprise in the
report of Mr. Wells, the Special Commissioner
of the Revenue, his argument that the depre-
ciation of the currency rested upon its excess;
and that there was a great excess of some two or
three hundred millions. Sir, that argument is
not a sound one. The comparison that he and
others draw in regard to the volume of cur-
rency existing, for instance, ii  the English
empire—England, Scotland, and Ireland—as
compared with the volume of currency exist-
ing here is wholly unfair. In England, Scot-
land, and Ireland, with an area of only about
twice that of New York, and with a popula-
tion, say, of thirty-five millions——
Mr. SHERMAN, Twenty-seven millions.
Mr. MORTON. More than that. It was
twenty-eight millions in I860.
Mr. SHERMAN. In Great Britain?
Mr. MORTON. Great Britain and Ireland.
Rut assuming, if you please, for the sake of
the argument that they have got forty millions
to make their population equal to ours, I say
that forty million people collected in an area
not more than twice as large as the State of
New York, say one hundred and eighteen thou-
sand square miles, would not require more
than one third of the amount of currency that
would be required by forty million people scat-
tered over an area fifty times as large as the
State of New York.
The pound note that is received in London
this morning can be paid out this evening at
Dublin or at Edinburgh. A man goes from
one side of the kingdom to the other in a day.
At every man's elbow in England there is a
savings-bank or a bank of deposit, and the
earnings and profits of this week are loaned
out by the banks next week and pass into
immediate circulation. Every mail has facil-
ities there for bank credits and for the use of
bank cheeks, and they go very much further
there in supplying the country with currency
than they do in this conntry.
We have a country extending from the Gulf
to the St. Lawrence, from the Atlantic to the
Pacific, more than twenty-five times as large
as the entire area of England and Scotland and
Ireland. Three fourths of our people have not
access to banks. The farmer and the country
merchant and the trader and the manufacturer
when they receive money keep it in their house
until they pay it out again. They do not deposit
it in the savings institutions, to be loaned out
to-morrow. Sir, the ten-dollar bill which is
used in a county in Iowa will not change hands
half a dozen times while the same ten-dollsr
bill would change hands a hundred times in
Massachusetts or in London. We can all under-
stand how forty million people living in the
narrow limits of the British empire would not
lequire for their commercial relations one third
of the currency that would be required by the
