1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
discount. Your gold-note dollar is at par.
They cannot be interchangeable and they will
not be used in the common business of the
country. The gold notes will constitute a part
of the currency no more than the gold that
they represent, and if these banks do not have
dollar for dollar in their vaults they will be
broken in one day.
Now, it is proposed to let them issue their
notes on condition that they have twenty-five
per cent, of gold in their vaults. Let me see
how that would work. Here is a constant
demand for gold. The importers want it every
day. How are they going to get it? They
can get it by buying the cash gold, as it is
called, or they can get it by getting these gold
notes of the banks and going and drawing the
gold on them. Consequently there must be a
constant drain on the bank for gold. It is not
a question of credit, as it was in specie paying
times before, because here is a constant demand
for the gold ; it is not in circulation ; it is not
a part of the currency; it must be bought.
Therefore, the party wanting to import goods
and pay his duties can either buy a gold cer-
tificate of gold deposited in the Treasury, or
buy the cash gold in the market, or buy the
notes of these banks which are to redeem in
gold. If he buys the certificate or if he buys
the bank notes he must go and get the gold on
them and pay that gold into the Treasury, so
that there is to be a constant demand for gold
notwithstanding the credit of the bank, I do
not care how perfect that may be.
But, Mr. President, let-us look at it in an-
other way. The bank is established, say, when
gold is at twenty per cent, premium. The
parties who have established this bank have
started it with a capital of, say, £100,000, and
have gone into the market and bought gold
at 120 and have got twenty-five per cent, in
their vaults. To-morrow comes a rise in gold ;
it goes up to 125; there is a rush for it; the
gamblers have tried to "corner" it; thereis
great demand for it; importers must have it;
they gather up these bank notes and rush to
the bank with them to get gold to pay their
duties. The bank has not got the gold in suffi-
cient quantity; its officers must go out and buy
gold in the market themselves ; they become
purchasers. Then the bank breaks inevitably.
No bank can live under such circumstances.
Therefore, the very first gold panic that occurs
will put the owners of these banks into the
same position precisely with men _ who have
sold gold to be delivered in a certain time and
have got to go out into the .market and buy it,
perhaps at a ruinous advance. These banks
will be subject to precisely the same troubles
and difficulties that gold gamblers are subject
to who have sold gold to be delivered at a future
time, and when the time comes the price hps
gone up and they have got to go and buy it.
The party who sells gold to be delivered in
twenty or thirty days has the advantage of the
bank, because he knows when he can be called
upon to deliver his gold and the bank does not
know; it maybe called upon to-morrow or
next day; it is at the option of its creditors.
It has made a loan to the people to be returned
in gold upon call. That is what it amounts to.
Now, sir, while I am willing to try this ex-
periment in the Pacific States I do not believe
it will succeed there. I think that our cur-
rency is bound to go there—our depreciated
currency. I think that the construction of the
Pacific railroad, the rapid communication that
has now been created, is bound to take the
legal-tender notes and the ordinary national
bank notes there; and I know that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury concurs in that opinion.
Allow me to read an extract from what he says
on that subject:
"The construction of the Pacific railroad is likely
to result in the substitution of paper for coin by the
people on the Pacific coast."
Now, what kind of paper ? Does ho mean
paper redeemable in gold according to the
terms of this bill, or does he mean the ordi-
nary national bank paper and the legal-tender
notes? Tou will find that he refers to the
ordinary paper, either bank or legal-tender
notes, for he says :
"It is probable that the demand for paper for that
purpose will not be less than $30,000,000. As a conse-
quence a very large quantity of coin will be -with-
drawn from circulation, and thus praotically the
com will be increased upon the Atlantic coast, and
the paper in circulation in the States east of the
Rocky mountains will be materially reduced. These
changes will tend to diminish the difference between
paper and coin."
But the fact is, according to the opinion given
by theSecretary of the Treasury, and I concur
with him, I do not see how it can be prevented,
that the paper in circulation here is bound to
go to the Pacific States, and just to the extent
that it does go there it produces a contraction
here. He says it will take $30,000,000. Sup-
pose, then, that $30,000,000 of our paper do go
to the Pacific States, as the Secretary predicts,
what is the effect ? A contraction here to the
amount of $30,000,000. That would produce
a great stringency here.
Now, sir, if this paper goes there, and I be-
lieve it will, what then ? I believe the Pacific
States have lost very largely in population and
wealth by the course they have taken, and I
know that some of their financiers now think
so ; that immigrants and travelers have been
deterred from going there because the money
in use here would not pay their expenses there,
but bad to be converted into gold at a heavy
premium. I say they have lost largely by their
present policy, and I think they will change it.
I believe that if they shall establish banks
according to the terms of this bill they will be
liable to the same run upon those banks for
gold that a bank would be in New York; not
quite so lively, because their distance would
make a difference of seven or eight days, but
that would be all. They cannot bank in that
way if they have to keep on hand a dollar of
gold for every dollar of paper they put out.
There is no profit in that. Men in New York
cannot bank in that way if they have to keep
an equal amount of gold with the paper they
put out. They cannot bank in that way unless
they are allowed to put out a larger amount of
paper than they are required to keep gold in
their vaults, for there is where the profit is;
if they cannot do that that system of banking
is bound to fail. I believe that system of
banking if tried will fail, not only in New York
but in San Francisco. I believe that the money
now in circulation on this side of the continent
is bound to go to the other, and it will, to that
extent, produce a contraction on this side of
the continent. So says the Secretary of the
Treasury in hia report, and I think his reason-
ing is good. Therefore we shall have a probable
contraction of the currency from that cause.
Then if we are to have but $45,000,000
additional bank currency, that is not going to
supply the wants of the West and South. We
need at least $00,000,000 in the West and South
on this side of the Rocky mountains; and if you
are to take twenty or thirty million dollars,
according to the opinion of the Secretary of
the Treasury, from this side of the mountains
and put it over on the other side, we shall
need just that much more on this side. I think,
therefore, there ought to be provision made
for supplying the wants of the Pacific States
by the ordinary bank paper, by the ordinary
currency that we have on this side of the Rocky
mountains, and that we should keep that in
view in legislating upon this subject.
The Senator from Ohio yesterday very clearly
stated the great disparity between the eastern
and western States, and he showed how it was
brought about; that it was brought about by '
a willful violation of the law, for that could
not have been done ignorantly; it wa3 done
willfully and it has resulted in great hardship
to the western portion of our country.
Why, sir, the New England States, together
with New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey,
Delaware, and Maryland, having a little over
one fourth of the entire population of the coun-
try, have now $242,000,000 of the $300,000,000
of national currency, and the other States, hav-
ing nearly three fourths of the entire popula-
tion, have less than fifty-eight millions. If you
were now to add fifty or sixty millions to the
amount the northwest and South have, there
would stilj be a disparity of over one hundred
millions. Let; us, therefore, while we are at
this, because we cannot pass another bill on
this subject very soon, make ample provision
for the States in the West and South.
I am advised, Mr. President, that under this
$45,000,000 bill the State of Indiana, the
State of Illinois, the State of Missouri, and
perhaps the States of Kentucky and Ohio can-
not get a dollar. I am advised that at least
$5,000,000 of national banking capital would
be taken up in my own State now. There
is an actual demand for it from the city of In-
dianapolis, as I happen to know. I am advised
officially that there is a strong demand for more
national bank facilities in the cities of Cincin-
nati and Cleveland. There is a very strong
and very urgent demand in the city of Chicago,
the great center of trade now in the northwest,
and also from Louisville and from the city
of St. Louis, and it is doubtful whether any
of those places can get a dollar under this
$45,000,000 bill.
Why, Mr. President, as was shown yesterday
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
to give to the southern States, iucluding Ken-
tucky and Missouri, their share under the
origiual act providing that $150,000,000 should
be distributed according to population, to
give them five dollars per capita, would take
$25,000,000 out of these $45,000,000; and
then you have only got $20,000,000 left to be
distributed according to the wants of trade and
the demands of business. Sir, the cities that
I have named would require every dollar of
the balance. *
If this bill is to be regarded as a substitute
for the bill that we have already passed, and
which is now pending in the House of Repre-
sentatives, the amount should be increased
from $45,000,000 to at least $05,000,000 or
$70,000,000 ; a part of that should be provided
for by taking it from the eastern States, where
they have an excess, and giving it to the West.
A few words in regard to the national bank-
ing system in itself. I believe it is the best
system of banking this country or any other has
ever had ; but it is not to be disguised that it is
to a great extent unpopular. Tlieentire Dem-.
ocratic party in this country has arrayed itself
against the system, not but what a great many
Democrats are interested in it, not but what
intelligent Democrats believe it is the best sys-
tem of banking, but the exigencies of their party
require them as a party to array themselves
against the entire system, so that the national
banking system has got the entire Democratic
party to fight East and West. Then there are
a good many in the Republican party who think
that the national banking system is amonopoly,
and who particularly complain of its abuses ;
and now I want to refer to two or three of them
that ought to be corrected, and I think they
ought to be corrected in this bill.
I think the friends of the national banks,
above all others, ought to insist in correcting
the abuses of the system and making-it what
it ought to be, a beneficent system. In the first
place, the national banks ought to give the peo-
ple cheap money. They ought to loan money
at lower rates of interest than any other kind
of bank. Unfortunately, however, in many
places they do not do it. They have special
privileges which private banks have not. I
know in many parts of the West they loan their
money at ten or twelve per cent, interest, Mid
get just as much as they can. They go into
the market to get the highest rate of interest
that they can get, instead of having a fixed rate
which should be reasonable and by which they
would keep the rate of interest down. If the
national banks were persistently to refuse to
ask ten or twelve per cent, for their money, and
