736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
be satisfied with six or seven per cent., or even
eight, they could go far toward keeping down
the rate of interest on the part of all banks
and all lenders. How is it with the Bank of
England ? The Bank of England checks spec-
ulation by putting up interest. When the Bank
of England puts down the rate of interest to
five per cent, all private banks throughout the
kingdom, have to come down also, at least part
of the way. The Bank of England acts as the
great regulator of the interests of England,
because when people can borrow money of the
Bank of England, and borrow it freely at five
per cent., they will not go to private bankers
and give seven or eight or ten per cent.
If our national banks wore prohibited from
lending money at a higher rate of interest than,
say, seven per cent., it would act directly as a
preventive of the exorbitant rates of interest
that are now demanded by private bankers
and by other money-lenders. But when the
national banks go into the market and try to
get as much as they can, ten and twelve per
cent., their example is not only followed, but
others go beyond it.
Sir, it was a part of the idea in granting
the privileges to these banks that the people
should have cheap money; and if they can be
so managed that we shall have cheap money
they will become a national blessing. I under-
take to say that they can be so managed, and
they ought to be. In this connection I ask
the Secretary to read the paragraph that I
have marked, from the report of the Comp-
troller of the Currency, which is a very clear
statement on this subject.
The Secretary read as follows:
. "That this is actually the case will appear upon
investigation. Tbo incorporated bank, doing busi-
ness and issuing circulation under tlio authority of
the Government, is uniformly ropcjrdcd as the most
reliable and reasonable sourceof accommodation by
the business community. The private banker, de-
pending upon the active use of his capital for his
profit, must charge a much higher rate of interest to
realize the same relative profit, supposing, of course,
that the deposits ot the two institutions are equal.
A bank with $100,000 capital invested in securities
bearing six per cent, interest, upon which it has
received $90,000 in circulation, can lend that $00,000
at seven i;er cent, and yet realize a profit of $12,300
on its capital. The private banker lending his cap-
ital of S100.000 directly must charge his customers
twelve per cent, to realize the same profit as the
bank. The merchantand the tradesman know this,
and expect to pay about that- difference for the use
of money when their necessities compel them to
resort to private hankers or brokers."
Mr. MORTON. There the statement is made
that the national bank, which in the first place
gets six per cent, in gold upon its actual cap-
ital and then gels ninetyper cent, of currency
from the Government, can afford to lend that
ninety per cenl. at, a lower rate of interest than
the private banker who lias but his $100,000
in the first place and must make all his profit
upon the interest upon the first $100,000. It
seems to me, sir, that we should accomplish
a great thing for the banks and for the people
by adopting such provisions as shall require
these banks to loan their money at a reason-
able rate of interest, and thereby to a great
extent keep down the rate of interest on the
part of all other money-lenders.
There is another abuse in regard to these
banks that ought to be corrected. These
banks ought to furnish every facility that they
can to the people for legitimate trade and busi-
ness in the neighborhoods in which they are
located. That is the very object of granting
to them these special privileges. It turns out
unfortunately that many of these banks have
no money to lend at any rate to the people
around them.
But before passing from the other point I
wish to state a method by which the law is
avoided in some of the Slates. The national
bank act provides, I believe, that the banks in
the several States shall be entitled to receive
the rate of interest that is allowed by the laws.
of the States in which they are located and no
more. I presume the Senator from Ohio will
concur with me that they do take more in some
of the western States than even the laws of
those States allow them. How do they do it?
I will tell yon how they do it. I want to bor-
row $10,000 out of a bank. The bank tells me
they cannot take my note well indorsed, but
they will buy a bill of me payable in the city
of New York. Therefore I go, draw a bill, and
I have it indorsed by others. I take it to them
and they buy this bill, and they charge me dis-
count on the bill, they charge me exchange,
and they charge me interest. It is not a bona
fide bill. In that way they can get just as
much interest as my necessities will induce me
to give, and the law is violated.
There ought to be some provision by which
a national bank shall not be allowed to lend
money by purchasing a bill unless that bill is
clearly bona fide; unless the party has property,
produce, or means at the place where the bill
is made payable, against which he is drawing.
He wants to use the money in his own neigh-
borhood ; there is where his means are ; and
yet he is required to sell a bill made payable
at some distant point to enable the banks to
obtain more interest than they are authorized
by law to receive. I believe that abuse can
be guarded against by legislation, and 1 think
it ought to be.
There are one or two other points that I
might advert to which ought to be corrected ;
and I am not speaking as an enemy of the
national banks. We have got the system ; we
shall not soon get clear of it. It is our interest
to make it as good as possible. In the first
place, these banks ought not to be allowed to
invest the currency that they receive from the
Government or to invest their money in stocks,
as a great many of them do. They can put
their currency into United States stocks, and
they get six per cent, interest in gold. They
Eut the stocks in their safe. There is no trou-
le ; there is 110 risk, and they get a big profit,
ft pays them very well. IL is nearly as large
a rate of interest as they ought to get anyhow.
But the people get no facilities ; the people are
not benefited. Therefore, in order that the
money shall be kept to be loaned to the people
to meet the wants of business, it should be
made unlawful and penal for these banks to
invest their money in United States stocks.
That does not do anybody any good but them-
selves.
Mr. CORBETT. That will be remedied
when we return to specie payments.
Mr. MORTON. Che Senator from Oregon
says that when we return to specie payments
that will bo remedied. That is true ; but some
provision should be adopted in the mean time.
Mr. SHERMAN. They would not get five
per ccnt. on the investment, because they would
have to pay the premium on the bonds.
Mr. MORTON. ] think they would get
more than five per cent. I think they would
get six or seven per cent., even paying the
premium ; but then there is no risk ; there is
no trouble ; it requires no expense. Many of
them do it. That is the fact about it. It is an
easy, quiet, lazy system of banking in which
there is no risk ; but, sir, that does not answer
the purpose for which these special privileges
were given, and they ought not to be allowed
to do it.
Then, sir, there is another grievance which
I find referred to in tiie report of the Comp-
troller of the Currency, and it has been referred
to often, and that is that these banksare allowed
to loan money upon collaterals on call. What
is the effect of that? I see the report shows
that during the last year the loans in the city
of New York while they would be §00,000,000
on legitimate paper would be about sixty mil-
lion dollars on call. Who gets the money on
call? Merchants, manufacturers, business men,
men engaged in productive pursuits? Never.
They dare not borrow money on call. The men
who borrow money on call arc those who deal
in stocks and gold. They have the collaterals
to deposit. They have to pay whenever the
money is called for, and the result is they get
it at six and seven per cent., while the business
man, the merchant, the manufacturer, the man
engaged in productive pursuits has to pay ten
and twelve per cent. The Comptroller of the
Currency recommends, and I believe the Secre-
tary of the Treasury also recommends, that
these banks ought not to be allowed to loan
more than ten per cent.' of their capital upon
collaterals. Sir, the banks of New York have
encouraged and sustained the immense stock
and gold gambling operations in that city. If
it were not that they loaned thgir money upon
call, upon collaterals, in a way that business
men cannot take it and it can only be borrowed
by brokers, stock, and gold gamblers, those
operations could not be carried on except to a
very small extent. Therefore the Comptroller
of the Currency has recommended, and very
wisely, that no bank shall be allowed to loan
more than ten per cent, of its capital oft col-
laterals and in that way.
Then there is another abuse that ought to be
corrected. I know what I am about to suggest
will not meet with favor on the part of those
having banks in the interior of the country.
No bank should be allowed to pay interest on
deposits. That is a very great abuse. It keeps
money out of legitimate channels. „ Persons
having money to loan can deposit it with a
bank at New York and get four or five per cent,
for it, and they can get-their money-whenever
they want it. The bank loans it out at seven or
eight per cent., loans it out upon call, because
the bank must be able to get it back at a
moment's warning, as the bank may be called
upon at a moment's warning to pay its de-
posits.
The fact is that the banks are hiring deposits.
That is not the object of the national banking
system. They are organized to receive depos-
its. They are, therefore, authorized to become
mediums of accommodations to you and tome,
who want to deposit ®ur money ; but it was
never in the spirit of the act that they should
be authorized to hire us to deposit our money
with them. It is a dangerous practice. It has
resulted most injuriously in all the States where
it has been practiced; and I believe it has been
recommended now, not for the first time, but
often before, that the national banks shall not
be allowed to pay interest upon deposits. The
money deposited with national banks in the
city of New York upon which they pay interest
is not loaned to merchants or business men
because it has to be loaned upon call; it can-
not be loaned upon time. It is therefore loaned
to men engaged in stock and gold operations,
and there is an inducement to men to put
money in the banks in that way who otherwise,
perhaps, would loan it out in the regular busi-
ness way and thus do great benefit to the
country by it.
Mr. President, I haveoffered no amendments
upon these subjects; but it seems to me that
as we are now legislating again in regard to
the national banks we should seek to correct
the great evils which are attached to the system,
some of which have grown up out of it, some
of which are mere abuses and impositions upon
it; and in doing that we shall not only serve
the people, but we shall serve the business of
legitimate banking; we shall serve the national
banks themselves. They ought to be satis-
fied with legitimate profits, and if they are not
satisfied with legitimate profits they ought not
to be allowed to exist at all. Banking ought
not to be so profitable as to induce all men to
go into that business if they can get an oppor-
tunity. It should be made a fair profitable
business, having no greater profits than the
ordinary mercantile business of the country.
Whenever banking becomes far more profit-
able than every other kind of business there is a
rush on the part of the people to go into banking,
and other kinds of business are injured. Banks
should raake a fair and honest profit, and they
should make no more. If they are not satis-
fied with that, then they ought not to exist at
all.
Mr. President, there are many other points
