738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
session, which I now hold in my hand, and the
two sections of which that relate to the subject
of redistributing the circulation notes are all of
the bill that I propose to offer as a substitute
for the pending measure. If it is passed in that
form the States that have had so long this great
monopoly, that have had the advantage of
these circulation notes for the purpose of en-
riching themselves by loans at extravagant in-
terest, will simply be required at the end of
four, five, or six years, when they have reaped
such a golden harvest, to come up to something
like a just measure toward the southern and
western States, by repaying into the Treasury
the excess of the circulation notes that they
have received in order that they may be redis-
tributed among the States that have received
less than their share. This would work no in-
justice to anybody. It would be no wrong to
the States that have received such an excess.
No State had a right to take any excess, because
the amount of every State was very clearly de-
fined ; and where a State asked for more than its
just share it was knowingly and willfully doing
injustice to the States that would receive less in
consequence of their receiving more ; and it is
no ground of just complaint by them if it is now
taken away from them.
This simple remedy, then, would not increase
the paper circulation of the country at all. It
would only compel justice to the States that
have not received their share. The Senators
who represent the measure in the single aspect
in which I have presented it constitute a large
majority of this body. The interest of their
people requires that they should adhere to this
simple, single measure of a redistribution of
the circulation notes by withdrawing from the
States that have received an excess that excess
to distribute among their own people. That is
an act of simple, single justice. They have the
power to restrict the bill to that single subject
and purpose, and if they will do so faithfully
aud inflexibly they will have no difficulty, be-
cause they have the power to pass it, andthere
can be no argument of justice or policy against
the passage of the measure in that form.
If the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts should be voted down, as I presume
it will be because it introduces various subjects
that ought never to be mixed up with this bill,
and which the friends of the redistribution of
the circulation notes will not permit to be
mixed up with it, I suppose, I shall then simply
offer the fourth and fifth sections of the bill
that passed the Senate at the last session, with
the modification I have indicated as a substi-
tute for the whole of this bill, and ask the action
of the Senate upon that alone. In the mean
time I ask the Clerk to read the fourth and
fifth sections of that bill, as I shall offer them,
for the information of the Senate. If that
amendment should be adopted it would consti-
tute a substitute for the whole measure that is
now under consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
eroy in the chair.) The Secretary will read
the proposed amendment for the information
of the Senate.
The Secretary read as follows:
That to secure a better distribution of the national
banking currency there may be issued circulation
notes to banking associations organized in States
and Territories naving a less banking circulation
than their pro rata share, as herein set forth. And
the circulation herein authorized shall within one
year, if required, be withdrawn, as herein provided,
irom banks organized in States having a circulation
exceeding that provided for by the act entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to provide for
a national banking currency secured by pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof,'" approved Maroh 3,1865;
but the amount to be so withdrawn shall not ex-
ceed $60,000,000. And the rate of distribution for
&150,000,000 of the circulation authorized by law shall
be according to population ; and for the remaining
$150,000,000 shall be according to the value of all
property, real and personal, within such States and
Territories, the same to be ascertained by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, The Comptroller of the Cur-
rency shall, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, make a statementshowing the amount
of circulation in each State and the amount to be
retired by each bank in accordance with this section,
and shall, when circulation is required, make a requi-
sition for such amount upon such banks, commenc-
ing with the banks having a circulation exceeding
$1,000,000 in States having an exoess of circulation,
and withdrawing ono third of their circulation in
excess of $1,000,000, and then proceeding pro with
banks having a circulation exceeding $100,000 in
States having the largest excess of circulation, and
reducing the circulation of banks in States having
the greatest proportion in excess, leaving undis-
turbed the banks in States having a smaller propor-
tion, until those in greater excess have been reduced
to the same grade, and continuing thus to make the
reduotion provided for by this act until the full
amount of $60,000,000 herein provided for shall be
withdrawn; and the circulation so withdrawn shall
be distributed among the States and Territories
having less than their proportion, and so as to equal-
ize the distribution of such circulation among such
States and Territories upon the basis provided by
this act. And upon failure of such bank to return
the amount so required within ninety days after said
requisition, it shall be the duty of the Comptroller
of the Currency to sell at public auction, having
given twenty days' notice in a newspaper published
in Washington city and New York city, an amount
of bonds deposited by said bank as security for its
circulation equal to the circulation to ho withdrawn
from such bank, and with the proceeds to redeem so
many of tho notes of such bank, as they come into
the Treasury, as will equal the amount required
from it, and shall pay the balance to such bank :
Provided, That tho circulation herein authorized
shall bo issued only as circulation is withdrawn, so
that the aggregate of circulation shall not at any time
exceed $300,000,000.
And be it further enacted. That any banking asso-
ciation located in any State having more than its
proportion of circulation may bo removed to any
State having less than its proportion of circulation,
under such rules and regulations as the Comptroller
of the Currency, with the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury, may require.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall make
some progress and take a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wo can hardly get
through with this to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can take a vote and
dispose of some of these amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is so late that I think
we had better adjourn. We have been sitting
very late recently the Senator from Ohio knows.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senate will sit till
half past four o'clock I shall be willing then to
allow an adjournment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate is so thin
that it is hardly worth while to attempt to take
a vote to night.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Illinois yield to the Senator from
Oregon ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he desires to go on
to-night I withdraw the motion to adjourn and
yield to him, or if he will now take the floor
for to-morrow I shall then make the motion.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to make a
few remarks. I have no prepared speech to
deliver; but I should like to speak to the
question before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator be
willing to take the floor now and make his
remarks to-morrow morning?
Mr. CORBETT. I would prefer to say now
what I have to say. I think it would expedite
business for me to do so. I have no long
speech to make.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon is on the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG. I understood the Senator
from Oregon to say he had no objection to a
motion to adjourn?
Mr. CORBETT. No, sir; I prefer lo go
on now.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator from
Oregon will yield the floor to a motion to
adjourn. It is quite out of the question to talk
about taking a vote on this bill now or within
twenty-four hours from this time. It is one of
the most important bills ever presented to the
Senate, certainly in a financial point of view.
Here is a bill which proposes to equalize the
currency in a way that does not equalize it at
all. aBd which proposes a  unlimited system
of free banking under which a thousand mil-
lions of currency may be issued whenever we
resume specie payments; and I trust such a
bill is not to be hurried through in twenty-four
hours. I hope, therefore, the Senator from
Oregon will not insist upon going on to-night,
but will let us adjourn. This bill has to be
discusssd
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I can com-
plete my remarks in a very short time. I do
not suppose it is the intention to take a vote on
this question.now, but to discuss it so far as we
may and make such progress as we can, that
we may reach a vote upon it at an early day.
I simply wish iu the few remarks I shall sub-
mit to answer some questions that have been
brought forward m connection with this bill.
This bill, as I understand it, gives the privi-
lege to banking institutions to establish them-
selves upon a specie basis; and it provides
that the three per cent, certificates which are
now held by the banks as a reserve, and are
so held to a great extent in the place of legal-
tender notes, may be retired and national bank
circulation issued in lieu thereof. I contend
that these $45,000,000 of three per cent, cer-
tificates were issued in place of the compound-
interest notes, which never were intended as a
circulating medium, but as an investment for
the people who had money to invest, to be
placed in their coffers and retained until the
Government should be prepared to redeem
them. But those compound-interest notes were
made a legal-tender, and therefore as they began
to mature the banks gathered them together
and held them as a reserve, instead of legal-
tenders. I think that was wrong. I think they
never should have been allowed to substitute
them for the legal-tender notes. It was not so
intended.
But, sir, I find that it seems to be the gen-
eral wish of the Senate to adjourn; I am appealed
to on all hands to give way for an adjournment.
Iamafraid, therefore, thatl cannot now get the
attention of the Senate upon this question.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Oregon
will be entitled to the floor in the morning;
and he giving way now, I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 25, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
AGRICULTURAL LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on the Public Lands
a bill (H. R. No. 975) to dedicate the public
agricultural lands in the State of California to
homestead and preemption purposes ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that no title shall be ac-
quired or perfected to any agricultural public
lands_ of the United States in the State of Cal-
ifornia not heretofore disposed of except by
settlement under the homestead or preemption
laws.
Mr. JULIAN. This bill accomplishes the
same object as that introduced a day or two
since by the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sargext.] It will save the remaining public
lands of California from wholesale schemes of
spoliation and plunder; and immediate action
is demanded. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the op-
eration thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and beiag
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Julian] to allow me to submit an amendment
to this bill, to strike out the words "in Cali-
