1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7S9
forma," so as to make the bili general in its
effect.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope that that change
will not be made. A general bill can be car-
ried through if such is the sentiment of the
House. This bill is to meet a special exigency;
it is to save the remnant of public agricultural
lands that are not now seized upon by specu-
lators in California. We have now scarcely
any lands left for actual settlers. A special
object of this bill is to cover the case of the
lands heretofore withdrawn for the Southern
Pacific railroad, which are to be restored. On
the restoration, as the law now stands, they
* will be seized at once at private entry. To
save one million acres of the best lands of the
State embraced in that reservation I intro-
duced this bill, which hasbeen verbally changed
in committee, leaving its effect unchanged. It
also extends to all lands liable to be taken at
private entry in the State, and will work an
important reform in my State. Any movement
to extend its provisions to other States by
appropriate enactment X will favor at the proper
time ; but I ask that this bill be not embar-
rassed by such propositions at this time.
Mr. JULIAN. The Committee on the Public
Lands have already reported a general bill sim-
ilar in its provisions to this. I cannot, there-
fore, consent to allow the amendment which
my colleague indicates.
The SPEAKER,. The bill is notamendable
at its present stage. It has been read three
times, and the question is on its passage.
The bill was passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NASHVILLE AND DECATUR RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to inform the House if the account of tho Govern-
ment against the Nashville and Decatur Railroad
Company, of Tennessee, for materials purchased
under the provisions of executive orders of August 8
and October 14, 1865, has been transmitted by the
quartermaster's department to the accounting om-
cers of the Treasury with claims for credit made by
the eompanv for settlement in accordance with the
act approved March 3,1817, prescribing the manner
in which public accounts shall be settled; and if any,
what measures have been taken to secure a state-
ment of any balance that maybe due from said com-
pany by the officers of the Treasury, who by law are
authorized to ascertain, balance, and enforce the pay-
ment of the same in accordance with the several acts
providingfor the collection of publicdebts and prose-
cution of public debtors, approved September 2,1789,
March 3. 1797, July 16,1798. March 3, 1817, May 15,
1820. and May 2<S, 1831); and if any, what delays or
refusals to comply with the several acts hereinbetoro
mentioned have occurred, and what authority ol' law
exists thcrofor.
WHALING BAKU HAMILTON.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 133)
for the refunding of hospital money collected
of the whaling bark Hamilton ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
NORTHERN PACIFIC EAILROAD.
Mr. WHEELER, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 134)
authorizing the Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany to issue its bonds for the construction of
its road and to secure the same by mortgage;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
REORGANIZATION OF TIIE NAVT.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs
a bill (H. R, No. 976) for the reorganization
of the Navy of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and, with a letter
from the Secretary of the Navy relative thereto,
ordered to be printed and recommitted.
INDEMNITY FUNDS FROM CHINA AND JAPAN.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill authorizing certain indem-
nity funds received from the Governments of
China and Japan to be covered into the Treasury
of the United States, and I hope I shall be
indulged in making a word of explanation.
Mr. BANKS. Before any consent is given
I want to know what the bill is ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I want to say that it is a
bill which the Committee on Naval Affairs is
in no way responsible. That committee has
not authorized me to report it, nor has the
committee examined it. I merely wish to
introduce it and have it referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
>Mr. BANKS. I object..
MRS. MOWER, WIDOW 01? GENERAL MOWER.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill granting a pension to Mrs.
Mower, widow of Brevet Major General J oseph
A. Mower, and I ask the Clerk to read the
papers I send up.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interiorto place the name of Mrs. Mower,
widow of the late Brevet Major General Joseph
A. Mower, on the pension-roll at the rate of
fifty dollars per month, to commence on the
6th day of January, 1870, and continue during
her natural life.
The Clerk read the following papers and
indorsements:
Office Commissary of Subsistence. U. S. A.,
New Okli:aj s, La., .January 10,1870.
W. T. Sherman,
General of Ike Armies of tne United states:
Brevet Major General Joseph A. Mower, Colonel
twenty-fifth infantry, died on the 6th instant, after
an illness of a few days, lie leaves a large family
utterly destitute.
Can any legislative action bo taken to secure the
widow a pension?
"Very respectfully, your obedient sorvants,
R. B. AYERS,
Brevet Major General.
EDWARD W. HINKS,
Breoet Brigadier General United States Artay.
A. BECKWITII,
Brevet Major General.
FRED MYERS,
Division Quartertnaster GeneroJ.
[General Orders No. 2.]
Headquarters of the Army,
Adjutant GhnkkaiAs Office,
Washington, January 7,1870.
It is with heartfelt pain and sorrow that, tho Gen-
eral of the Army announces to the country and to
his fellow-soldiers the death of Brevet Major General
Joseph A. Mower, who died in New Orleans on the
6th instant of congestion of the lungs.
Goneral Mower began his military career as a pri-
vate soldier in tho company of ons?inecrs that served
with marked distinction in tho Mexican war; was
first commissioned as a second lioutenant in the first
infantry. June 18, 1855. and was promoted to first
lieutenant, March 13,1857. At the breaking out of
tho war of rebellion he commanded company 11, first
infantry, and took part in the siege and capture of
New Madrid, and May 5,1862, was commissioned as
coloncl eleventh Missouri volunteers, and took part
in tho Corinth o-ampaign, and was conspicuous at
Corinth, October 4, 1862, .when hp was wounded
severely, and was, for a time, m tho hands oi tho
enHe first foil under the immediate command of the
present General of the Army in the Vicltsburg cam-
paign, and very soon attracted his notice by deeds
of personal bravery that would require a volume to
record. From that date to the close of tho war he
was engaged in every campaign mtho West; at Jack-
son, Vioksburg, Meridian, the lied river, m Missouri,
whence he wa« called personally to the aid oi the
General at Atlanta, and accompanied him, rising
through all the grades, until the end of the war,
when he commanded the twentieth corps.
A better soldier or a braver man never lived than
Joseph A. Mower, and the General can recall many
instances when he displayed abilities of the highest
order, entitling him to the full name arid fame of a
general. Since the war he has exhibited hw soldierly
qualities by standing at his post through pestilence
and siokness, never asking a personal l«fy9r 
always sharing cheerfully the exposures ox his men.
The General, in thus speaking ot one to whom ho
was so strongly attached, teels certain tliatthis, and
more too, is due to one who never wrote or spokeoi
himself, and seemed oblivious of all things except to
serve his country with his whole heart and whole
S°By command of General s^er^a^5WXSEXI)
Ad/'vfant (''enrrni.
An act for tho relief of Margaret L. "Worth.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem*
bled. That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to place the name of Margaret L. Worth, widow of
the lato Brevet Major General Worth, on the pension-
roll, at the rate of fifty dollars a month from the 7th
day of May, 1849, [date of his death,] for and during
her natural life.
Approved January 7,1853.
"Washington City, January 15,1870.
General W. T. Sherman, to the Secretary of War:
Refers communication of Army officers in regard
to General Mower's family. Recommends that the
President submit tho name of Mrs. Mower to be put
on the pension-list at fifty dollars per month.
Headquarters op the Army,
Washington, January 15, 1870.
ltospoctfully submitted to the Secretary ofWar,
with tho recommendation that the President sub-
mit the name of Mrs. Mower to be put on the pen-
sion-list with Mrs. Worth and others, at fifty dollars
per month. W. T. SHERMAN,
General.
War Department, January 17,1870.
Respectfully submitted to the President, with copy
of the act passed for the relief of the widow of the
lato Brevet Major General Worth, and with the rec-
ommendation that, under the circumstances set forth
herein, application be made to Congress for tho
passage of a similar act in favor of the widow of the
late General Mower. _
WILLIAM W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
January22,1870,
Respectfully recommended to the favorable con-
Congress. U. S. GRANT.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Unless my friend
from Missouri will state to the House that.
General Mower died from wounds received
or disease contracted in the service I must
object, and ask that it be sent to a committee.
It is going a step beyond any precedent we
liave yet set in giving a pension because a man
happened to die from consumption or some
other disease. There is just as much propriety
in giving a pension to the widow of any one
who died in the civil service, unless he died
from wounds received or disease contracted in
the service in the line of his duty. I cannot
consent to any such precedent.
The SPEAKER. Doesthegentleman object?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I must object unless
the gentleman says that General Mower died
from wounds received or disease contracted
in the service.
Mr. BURR. Is this a report from a com-
mittee ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is not; but I have
introduced it on the recommendation of the
President, the General of the Army, and the
Secretary of War.
Mr. BURR. I object.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw the bill.
ARKANSAS AND MISSISSIPPI RAILROAD.
Mr. BOLES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 977) granting lands and
the right of way in Missouri and Arkansas, to
aid the construction of a railroad and a tel-
egraph line along or near the thirty-sixth jjar-
allel of north latitude from the Mississippi river
to the Arkansas river; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
NAVY MEDICAL ORDER.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
presented a communication from the Medical
Society of Fond du Lac, in relation to general
order No. 140 of the Navy Department: which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
* EXPENSES OF THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. UPSON. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for present con-
sideration :
Whereas statements have heen made to this
House calculated to convey the impression that tlie
expenses of the Government instead of having been
diminished have been increased since the beginning
of the present Administration;; and whereas it; is
due to the Administration as well as to the people
, that official information should begivenin reference
1 to such expenses: Thwefore, q«„._
i Resolved, That the Secretary of State, the becro-
