740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
tary of tlie Treasury, the .Secretary of the Interior, :
the Seprot^y of War, the Secretary of the Navy, and >j
the Pos$iia&ter General be requested to inform the
House wJiether the estimates of their respective De- !'
partments for the fiscal year ending Juno 30,1871, !
exceed tWcstita&tes or appropriations for the fiscal i
year ending June 30,1870; and if so, that they state
the reasons for sucTi increased estimates. }
Mr. RANDALL. I object. j!
Mr. HOLMAN. We have the estimates :
from the Departments on the table. !
Objection having been made, the resolution |j
was withdrawn. ::
order oe business.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I ask unani- I
moas consent to offer a resolution for consid- !'
eration at the present time. h
Mr. STEVENSON. I demand the regular j1
order. i,
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. The resolu-
tion merely asks for information, and will not I]
occupy any time. |i
Mr. STEVENSON. I must insist on the jj
regular order.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio j!
demands the regular order of business, which j
brings on the morning hour, the pending busi- 1,
ness being the consideration of the League !;
Island bill, on which the gentleman from Penn- !:
sylvania [Mr. Myers] is entitled to the floor, ij
But the Chair will, in the first place, lay before
the House certain executive communications, i
contingent military expenses. j
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid : i
before the House a communication from the 1
Secretary of War, transmitting a statement of
the expenditures during the year 1809 from the !■
appropriation for the contingent expenses of '
the military establishment; which was referred "
to the Committee on Appropriations, and or- 1
dered to be printed.
appropriation for indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con- ,
sent, laid before the House a communication ;
from the Secretary of the Interior, transmit- i
ting a copy of a letter from the Secretary of
the board of Indian commissioners in relation j
to the appropriatiens for Indians ; which was ,
referred to the Committee on Appropriations, !
and ordered to be printed.
survivors oi? war 01' 1812. i
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con- 1
sent, laid before the House a communication !
from the Secretary of War, in answer to an j
inquiry respecting the survivors of the war of
1812 from the Committee on Revolutionary ;
Pensions and War of 1812 ; which was referred |
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions ,
and War of 1812, and ordered to be printed.
delaware indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication '
from the Secretary of the Interior, in answer j
to the resolution of the House of the 17th in- !
stant, transmitting a report of the special com- j!
missioner of the Indian Office, detailing the i
proceedings in the negotiations of the treaty [
with the Delaware tribe of Indians ; which was i
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, !'
and ordered to be printed. ;|
appropriations fob war department. ii
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent, \
laid before the House a communication from ||
the Secretary of War, transmitting estimates j|
of appropriations required to supply deficien- Ii
cies for the service of the War Department
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869, and ;j
1870; which was referred to the Committee |!
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed, ii
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent, !j
laid before the House a communication from ;;
the Secretary of War, transmitting an estimate I!
of appropriations reauired for the service of Ii
the War Department for the fiscal year ending jj
June 00. 1871 ; which was referred to the j|
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to j!
be printed. il
unexpended balances.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a
statement of balances unexpended on the 30th
day of September, 1869, showing also the
amount estimated as necessary to complete
the services of the current fiscal yejir; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
quartermaster general's report.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a report of the Quarter-
master General, made to the Secretary of War,
for the year 1809; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
survey of the isthmus of darien.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President, and accompanying report
from the Secretary of the Navy:
To the Souse of Representatives:
In answer to the resolution passed by the House
of Representatives on thelTfh instant, requesting to
be iniormed '' under what act of Congress or by other
authority appropriations for the Navy aro divertod
to the survey of the Isthmus of Darien," I transmit
a report by the Seoretary of tbo Navy, to whom tbo
resolution was referred.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion,
wariiixoton, 1>. c., January 21,1870.
Navy Department.
Washington, 1). c., January '.10,1870. ••
Sir : I have to acknowledge your reference to this
Department for report of a resolution passed by tho
House of Representatives on the J7th instant, on
motion of Mr. Jameb Brooks, requesting the Presi-
dent to inform tho House "under what act of Con-
gress or by other authority appropriations for tho
Navy have been diverted to the survey of the Isth-
mus of Darien."
No appropriations for the Navy have been diverted
to the survey of the Isthmus of Darien. The act of
Congress approved July 28,1866, (Statutes-at-Largc,
volumo 14, pageSll,) appropriated £40.000 for the pur-
pose of surveying tholsthmus of Darien with aview
to the construction of a ship-canal.
I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,
GEOilGE M. ROBESON.
iHeeretary of the Navy.
the president of the United St-ates.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. How much
does the Secretary say the appropriation was?
The SPEAKER Forty thousand dollars.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Forty thou-
sand dollars will not begin to pay one third of
the expense of that survey.
The message and tho accompanying report
were referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No. 783)
to admit the State of Virginia to representa-
tion in the Congress of the United States ;
when the Speaker signed the same.
members-elect from virginia.
Mr. WHITTEMORE presented the creden-
tials of Charles H. Porter, Representative-elect
for the third congressional district of Virginia,
and of Lev/is McKsnzie, Representative-elect
for the seventh congressional district of Vir-
ginia ; and the same were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, presented the
credentials of Joseph Segar, Representative-
elect from the State of Virginia for the State-
at-large: which were referred to the Committee
of Elections.
league island navy-yalld.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 480) for the transfer of
the Philadelphia navy-yard to League Island,
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and upon which Mr. Myers was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. MYERS resumed the floor and con-
cluded the speech commenced on Thursday
last. [See Appendix.]
Mr. O'NEILL. In again proceeding to speak
on this measure I feel very much as my col-
league [Mr. Myers] did when he commenced
his remarks, and would express the hope that
the House is not getting tired of the arguments
we are offering in favor of the transfer of the
old Philadelphia navy-yard to League Island.
I do not say this in the way of an apology, but
simply because we have been charged here with
advocating a local interest. That charge has
been made and insinuations have been thrown
out not only against my immediate colleagues
and myself, but against two or three others of
my colleagues from other districts of Pennsyl-
vania.
I aasertthat Pennsylvania requires no apology
to be made here for asking appropriations. I
will ask the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Datves,] and if he were here I would ask
the gentleman who in the last Congress held
the position of chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, when did Pennsylvania come
to Congress asking for an appropriation to be
expended within her borders ? Why, sir, the
gentleman well knows if he knows anything,
and the Post Office Committee of this House
well know, that we are now using a most un-
suitable building for a post office in Philadel-
phia, fifty feet wide by about two hundred feet
long—a building entirely unfit for the transac-
tion of the postal business of a city of eight
•hundred thousand and more people. And yet
we have not come to Congress for an appropri-
ation for a new post office, as Boston and New
York have done. And the gentleman well
knows that the United States Mint in Philadel-
phia occupies this day the same limited ground
as it did when built nearly forty years ago. Yet
the members from Pennsylvania have not come
to Congress to ask an appropriation to enlarge
that building, now so cramped for room. All
we have asked for years m the way of new
buildings—and I do not know how the gentle-
man from Massachusetts will treat us when an
additional appropriation is demanded—is an
appropriation for a plain brick building for ap-
praisers' stores in Philadelphia, nowunfinished.
But, as regards this bill, I will not permit any
member to insinuate in the remotest degree
that we came here merely advocating a local
measure. This League Island question is not
local to Philadelphia. It is a navy-yard of the
United States. It is designed to be in the future
the greatest navy-yard of the United States,
ay, in the world, if there is patriotism enough
in this Congress and the Congresses to come
after it to realize this idea. There is nothing
local in it. Why should it be considered local?
To be sure the people of Philadelphia and tlXir
Representatives were enabled to persuade a
former Congress that this of all other spots in
the country was the best place to locate a navy-
yard in which to build and repair iron-clads;
but the idea that we are governed by local in-
terests and not by considerations of public pol-
icy and duty I know will not prevail to the disad-
vantage of our Navy and the Government.
I proceed to show, or attempt to show to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
who has criticised this measure, that he should
cease bis opposition to it, and withdraw his
motion to lay the bill upon the table. I assert
that the bill does not put it in the power of the
Secretary of the Navy to sell the old navy-
yard and appropriate the proceeds as he may
see fit. He has the power to sell the old
yard, but the proceeds are to be appropriated
as provided by the law passed by the Thirty-
Ninth Congress. He cannot put the money
into his own pocket. He cannot sell the land,
either in whole or piecemeal, to his personal or
political friends, as the gentleman seemed to
insinuate. He insinuated that personal or polit-
ical friends might induce the Secretary of the
Navy or the President of the United States to
make a private sale of this property to the
injury of the Government. He has been upon
the floor of Congress a much longer time than
I have, and he has read so much of our lav/s,
I presume, that he ought to know that no offi-
