742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
the labor of the country, and with a view of
assisting them whenever they may be unem-
ployed, let us make a Government naval sta-
tion which will attract to it the best workmen
of the country. Let us make a naval station
for the building of iron-clads, where we can
have good mechanics, and which will be a
school for those who are going to be brought
up to mechanical pursuits.
Yet if we adopt the views of the gentleman
from Massachusetts this cannot be done, and
a navy of iron-clads cannot be constructed,
simply because the different Secretaries have
made estimates for three hundred and thirty-
one thousand dollars, and upwards, for appro-
priation for the expenses of the Government.
In the last ten months we have paid off a large
amount of the public debt. In December we
paid nearly five million dollars, and we can
pay it all off if necessary in this generation;
but we are not going, by continued excessive
taxation, to do it at the rate of $100,000,000
a year, and thus oppress those who fought
out this rebellion successfully. We are not in
so much of a hurry that this Congress must
make no appropriations for the necessary pur-
poses of the Government. If the estimated
expenditures should be $831,000,000 the reve-
nues still are sufficient to pay for the construc-
tion of an iron-clad naval station, as well as to
pay off the public debt by a large amount every
year.
According to the argument of the gentleman
from Massachusetts we are not to commence
the building of a great navy-yard so much
wanted and so long asked for, but we are to
stop all improvements because the estimated
expenses, not the appropriations, sum up to
hundreds of millions.
Mr. Speaker, I have heard this same argu-
ment in other places. I have heard the same
complaint of heavy expenditures and the same
murmuring at the public debt in the State of
Pennsylvania. Yet notwithstanding that com-
plaint we have developed the resources of that
great Commonwealth, and her citizens are quiet.
I heard this same talk of economy in the last
Congress. I heard members complaining of
land grants and subsidies to the Pacific rail-
roads, and yet to-day, with millions expended
for joining together the Atlantic and the Pacific
by the railroad which is now in successful
operation, those murmurs have ceased. Such
an argument as has been made here is not th5
argument for the people of a great country.
We are a progressive people, and as our popu-
lation increases and our territory extends we
must make the necessary improvements for the
Government service.
To refuse to pass this proposition because, as
the gentleman from Massachusetts supposes,
the Secretary of the Navy will ask for an ap-
propriation for League Island, is, in my judg-
ment, to be controlled by a very poor argument.
I agree with my colleague [Mr. Myers] who
preceded me thatit is a particularly poor argu-
ment to come at this time from the chairman
of the Committee of Appropriations. If the
gentleman from Massachusetts at the com-
mencement, of this session of Congress had
brought in his budget, if he had then warned
us against making appropriations, if he had
objected to the appropriation of $200,000 for
the Des Moines rapids, he would perhaps have
been more consistent. I do not recollect dur-
ng the past_ three or four years that we had
made a specific appropriation for that improve-
ment.
I think it got some share of tlis $1,500,000
for general river and harbor purposes appro-
priated by the Fortieth Congress. A report
was made on it, but I do not know how it was
divided up or who was benefited by the divis-
ion. But no specific appropriation having been
made for so long a time the chairman of the
committee might bave considered it as a new
work if he had been sincere in liia convictions
of economy.
Mr. Speaker, I do not deny that this is a
matter in which I feel a great interest on behalf
of my country. I hope 1 shall always endeavor
at least to represent my constituents upon this
floor. But I believe also that this is an interest
vital to the country at large. And if any one
here supposes that Philadelphia in this mag-
nificent gift was looking to the getting rid of
this old navy-yard—that is to say, getting it out
of the way of improvements—I assert that that
supposition is groundless. I never heard it in-
timated before I heard it hinted at in this House
that it was from a selfish point of view that the
municipal authorities of that city made their
tender of League Island. I had always be-
lieved that that tender originated in the
patriotism and generosity of the people of
Philadelphia and in their desire to contribute
to the greatness of the country. I had always
believed and still believe that the city donated
the ground, which had cost three hundred and
fifty thousand dollars and upwards, for the
purpose of letting the Government have a place
upon which should be constructed such a navy-
yard as would answer its requirements in all
time to come.
Mr. RANDALL obtained tho floor, and
inquired how much of the morning hour re-
mained.
The SPEAKER. But five minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to take the floor
in my own right, and to yield for that length
of time to my colleague, [Mr. Reading.]
Mr. WELKER. I should be glad if some-
body else than those representing Philadel-
phia had an opportunity of saying something
about this bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I am willing that the gen-
tleman shall have a part of my time. I have
not yet spoken on the question. No one on
this side of the House has yet spoken.
Mr. WELKER. Not anybody outside of
the Philadelphia delegation.
Mr. RANDALL. One of the most effective
speeches in the whole discussion was delivered
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes. ]
Mr. READING. I have no desire or design
to occupy the time of the House by attempting
to answerany oftheobjections which have been
urged against League Island as a location for
an iron-clad navy-yard depot. That question
has been fully discussed; all the objections have
been answered. And I conceive it to be a set-
tled fact that League Island having been accept-
ed by the Government—that acceptance having
been approved by tho executive department
and both Houses of Congress—that island is
now to be the great iron clad navy-yard of the
world, and if any further remains to be said
upon that point I leave it to wiser heads than
my own, fully satisfied that League Island is
able to bear any amount of scrutiny or any
opposition that has been or that can be brought
against it.
I rise, Mr. Speaker, in the interest of our
common country as well as that portion of the
city of Philadelphia, which I have the honor
locally to represent, for the purpose only of
placing myself on the record as fully approv-
ing the passage of this bill, which authorizes
the Secretary of the Navy to remove the Phil-
adelphia navy-yard from its present site to
League Island. And while I yield to no ufan
in my desire to economize, believing that re-
trenchment in all of the departments of the
Government is essential in order that our vast
national debt which now paralyzes the labor
and the industry of our country should be paid
off at the earliest possible period, and that oner-
ous, unjust, and unequal system of taxation
which now crushes the energies of the laboring
population of our land should be lightened as
soon as possible, I must say that if, sir, I saw
in the passage of this bill any possibility in-
volved of such an appropriation of S800,000
as has been suggested by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, indeed of any immediate appro-
priation whatever, I certainly should give my
vote to lay this bill on the table. But seeing
no such facts involved in the passage ofthisbill,
believing, as has been fully demonstrated, that
by the sale of the present site of the navy-yard
the amount realized from that sale will be
almost if not entirely sufficient to defray all the
expenses of the removal, it is unmeaning to
urge that we are at peace with no prospect of
war as an argument to delay this work, of far
more importance to the whole country than the
New Yorkpostoffice and other large enterprises
in which the Government is now engaged.
I am willing that all possible safeguards
shall be thrown around this bill to protect the
public Treasury, and that the proceeds shall
all go into the Treasury and be appropriated
as such funds usually are. Philadelphia does
not propose to take one cent out of the Treasury,
to add one single farthing to the onerous tax-
ation on the people of the United States. Be-
lieving this, I hope the Honse will consider
this question impartially. I feel that it is due
to the interests of the country, due to the mag-
nanimity of Philadelphia, due to the honor of
this House, that this bill reported by the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs shall
pass; and I hope that gentlemen will consider
this subject without prejudice, underthe demo-
cratic idea of the greatest good to the greatest
number, and not be influenced by the opposi-
tion of those who may be disposed to cry
"sour grapes."
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say that Iyield
fifteen minutes of my time to-morrow morning
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Wash-
burn.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has fifty-
five minutes of his hour remaining.
admission of virginia.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to introduce and have
put upon its passage a bill to correct an omis-
sion in the act passed yesterday to admit the
State of Virginia to representation in Congress.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that wherever the word " oath" is used
in the act entitled "An act to admit the
State of Virginia to representation in the Con-
gress of the United States'' it shall be con-
strued to include an affirmation, and that every
person required by said act to take either of
the oaths therein prescribed who has religious
or conscientious scruples against taking an
oath may make and file an affirmation to the
same purport and effect, provided that all pains
and penalties of perjury prescribed by said act
shall apply also to any false affirmation taken
thereunder.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Has the original bill
become a law ?
The SPEAKER. It has passed through all
the stages of legislation.
Mr. WOODWARD. I would inquire of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Datis]
whether he deems this bill necessary at all ?
Mr. DAVIS. It is necessary, and I will state
why. By the original act not only is an oath
required but the particular form of oath is
prescribed, and every person is required to
take an oath in that form. I understand that
there are members of the Legislature of Vir-
ginia who cannot by reason of conscientious
scruples take an oath at all, and are excluded
by virtue of the act which has passed this Con-
gress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs to sug-
gest to the gentleman from New York that
there is no official information before the
House that the act which has been passed has
become a law. The bill might lie upon the
table until such information is communicated.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. By general consent the
bill may lie upon the table until some commu-
nication shall be received from the Executive.
emotion contest wallace vs. simpson.
Mr, BURDETT. I rise to a question of
