744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
and upon, examination of tho returns which have
been received it appears that you  the said W, D.
bimpson, have been elected by a majority of votes,
we ao, therefore, by virtue of the powers in us vested,
certify that you, tho said W. D. Simpson, have been
duly elected to represent the people of this State as
a mombcrtof the House of Eepresentatives in the
I'orty-First Congress of the United States.
(riven under our hands and the seal of tho State,
in Columbia, this 2d day of December, in tho year
of our Lord 1863, and in the ninety-third year of the
independence of the United States.
F. L. CARBOZO. Secretary of State,
NILES G. PARKER, Treasurer,
J. L. NEAGLD, Comptroller General,
Board of State Canvassers.
[l. s.j tlik state of south carolina.
[Coat of arms.]
By his Excellency robert k. scott, Governor and
Comffiander-in- Chief in and over the State aforesaid :
To W. D. simpson:
Whereas inpursuanco of an act entitled "An act
providing for the next general election and the man-
ner of conducting thesame," passedon tho 26th day
of September, in the year of our Lord 1868, an election
has been held for Representatives in tne Forty-First
Congress of tho United States for the fourth congres-
sionaldistrict, and upon examination of the returns
which have been received it appearsthatyou ,thosaid
W.D.Simpson, have been duly eleetcd by amajority of
votes: I do therefore, by virtue of tho powers in me
vested, commission, you the said W. D. Simpson to
represent tho people of this State as a member of tho
House of Representatives of the Forty-First Congress
of tho United States.
This commission to continue in force from the 4th
March, 1860, to the 4th March* 1871.
Givenunder my hand and the seal of tho State in
Columbia this 2d day of December, in the year of
our Lord 1868, and in tho ninety-third year of the
independence of the United States of America.
By tho Governor, robert k. scott.
F. L. CA11D0Z0, Secretary of State.
[l. s.j tiie state of south carolina.
[Coat of arms.]
By the Board of State Canvassers :
To Hon. J. S. wallace :
Whereas in pursuance of an act entitled "An act
providing for the next general election and the man-
ner of conducting the same," passed on tho 26th day of
September, in the year of our Lord 18G8, an election
has been held for member of the Forty-First Congress
of tho United States for the fourth congressional dis-
trict of^ tho State of South Carolina, and upon ex-
amination of th'o returns which have been rcccivcd
it appears that you, the said A. S. Wallace, have
received a majority of the legal votes, we do, there-
lore, by virtue of the powers in us vested, certify
that you, the said A. S. Wallace, have been duly
elected to represent the pcoplo of this Sta to as a mem-
ber of the Forty-First Congress of tho United States
ior the fourth congressional district of the State of
South Carolina.
Civen undcr our hands and the seal of tho State in
Columbia, this 2d day of December, in the'yearof our
Lord 1868, and in the ninety-third year of the inde-
pendence of the United States of America.
F. L. CARDOZO, Secretary of State,
J. L. NIlrAGLE. Comptroller General. !
niles g. parker, 'JVeasurej', i
D. II. CHAMBERLAIN, Attorney General, \
B0IS3BT K. SCOTT. " "f
Governor of South Carolina.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed a joint reso-
lution (S. II. No. 105) authorizing the pass-
port clerk of the Department of State to admin-
ister oaths and affirmations to applicants for
passports, and asked its concurrence therein.
wallace vs. simpson again.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
calm consideration of the House to this sub-
ject while I endeavor to recite the law which
should control our action and the facts which
appear from the testimony presented to the
committee ; and if I should make any appeal
to any passion I ask that you will not consider
it as of any weight whatever. On the other
hand, I ask from those who do not accord with
me in political sentiments that, they shall dis-
miss from their minds all partisan prejudice,
and decide this question according to the law
arid the truth upon the prima facie case. I
think I shall be able to show before I con-
clude that the prima facie, right is not in Mr.
Wallace, but in Mr. Simpson.
_ The committee at the opening of their con-
sideration of this subject were confronted with
a resolution of tho House, which directed them
that, whenever it came to their knowledge that
there was an alleged ineligibility on the part
of any claimant of a seat in this House, it
should bo the duty of the committee to inquire
into the truth of the allegation. The com-
mittee, following the direction of the House,
looked into that subject, and unanimously
came to the conclusion, by the admissions of
Mr. Simpson himself, he was ineligible to a
seat. The examination of these papers, there-
fore, is not material to the decision of Mr.
Simpson's prima facie right to a seat. Yet
they ought to be considered in order to de-
termine whether the papers relied upon by his
competitor show a superior title to the seat in
dispute.
For the better understanding of the case I
shall ask the attention of the House to the sec-
tions of the statutes of South Carolina which
directly bear upon this case, and which con-
stitute the law that should guide and control
us in our action.
Section thirty-five of the general election
laws of South Carolina is as follows:
"sec. 35. The secretary of State, eomptrollergen-
eral, attornoy general, aud treasurer shall constitute
tlie State canvassers, three of whom shall be a suffi-
cient number to form a board."
The next section provides for tho filling of
vacancies, in case such should exist. The
succeeding sections define the duties of the
canvassers and of the secretary of state, and I
ask the Clerk to read them.
The Clerk read as follows:
" '-i'10 board when thus formed shall, upon tho
certified copies of the statements made by tlieboards
ot county canvassers, proceed to make astatonient
of the whole number of votes given at such election
for the various offices, and each of them voted for.
distinguishing tho several counties in which they
were given. They shall certify such statements to
be correct, and subscribe the samowith their proper
names.
"0*3. Upon such statements they shall then pro-
ceed to determine and declare what persons havo
been, by the greatest number of votes, duly elected
to such offices, or either of them.
They shall make and subscribe, on the proper
statement, a certificate of such determination, and
shall deliver the same to tho secretary of State.
*40. The hoard shall havo the power to adjourn,
from day to day, for a term not exceeding five days.
'41. The secretary of State shall record in his
ouk'o, in a book to be kept by him for that purpose,
each certified statement and determination which
shall be delivered to him by the board of State can-
vassers, and every dissent or protest that shall havo
been delivered to him by a canvasser.
"42. I£o shall without delay transmit a copy,
under tho seal of his office, ot suchcortified determ-
ination to each person thereby declared to bo
elected, and a like copy to the Governor.
' 43. He shsli causo a copy of such certified state-
ments and determinations to bo printed in one or
I moro of the public newspapers in each county, if
I any snail be published therein.
., "44- He shall prepare a general certificate, under
the seal of the Stato and attested by him as secretaiy
thereof, addressed to .the Houso of Representatives
oi the United States in that Congress for which any
person shall have been chosen, of tho due election
of the persons so chosen at sueli election as Repre-
sentatives of this State in Congress, and shall trans-
mit the same to the said House of Representatives
at their first meeting.'1
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, this is the
law of the State of South Carolina controlling
the proceedings in the case, and I now wish to
direct attention to the certificates which have
been read springing out of the requirements of
this law; and the House will notice the remark-
able difference, that while in one ease the board
of canvassers declare that Mr. Simpson has
been elected, having received the largest num-
ber of votes, yet, in what is termed a second
certificate, which was given to Mr. Wallace,
they declare that Mr. Wallace is entitled to his
seat because he has received the greatest num-
ber of legal votes. It will be observed that
there is no provision of the law which gives
the board any authority whatever of a judicial
character. On the contrary, they are confined
to ministerial and clerical duties, simply to
make a statement and determination of all the
votes cast, certifying who had received the
greatest number of votes, to which they are
directed to attach their signatures. That cer-
tificate so signed should be transmitted to the
secretary of State, whose duty it was to send to
the Speaker of the House of .Representatives a
general certificate, under seal of the State and
attested by him as the secretary of S tate thereof,
the same as other certificates in other cases
from which the roil of this House is made up.
Let us see what else this board of canvassers
did for Mr. Simpson which they failed to do
as to Mr. Wallace. I ask the Clerk to read
the statement of votes made by this board,
under another section of the law, which shows
that Mr. Simpson was elected by 4,292 ma-
jority.
The Clerk read as follows:
Votes of the State of South Carolinafor Representatives
to the Forty-First Congress,
Fourth con{/rex- W. D. A. S. James II.
sional district. Simpson. Wallace. Goss.
Oconee  1,081 291
Pickens  1,105 369
Greenville  1,578 1,5311
Laurens..  1,895 1,18
Spartanburg  2,074 376
tfnion  1,756 866 89
York  2,039 1,537
Chester  1,405 1,662
Fairfield  1,182 1.994
Total  14,098
9,807
89
o eertify the above statement to be correct.
F. L. CARDOZO, Secretary of State,
N. (x. PARKER, Treasurer of South Carolina,
J. L. JN EAGLB, Comptroller General,
Board of State Canvassers,
Mr. RANDALL. I hold in my hand the
"Phenix," a paper published in the State of
South Carolina, in which appears this adver-
tisement as read by the Clerk. It appears there
in strict obedience to the law. There is no
such certificate, nonsuch publication made or
pretended to have been made in any respect as
to Mr. Wallace as the law requires. When
these reports were drawn, another important
paper, a paper which the secretary of State was
bound to transmit to the Speaker of this House
was missing and as to which I have a further
statement to make. Since that time a copy of
that paper, as originally transmitted to the
Speaker of this House, has been furnished the
House and referred to the committee. It is a
paper which sets forth that Mr. Simpson was
elected, a paper which on tho back of it cer-
tifies that that certificate which is provided for
by law was properly transmitted to this House,
and if I am not misinformed, reached here and
was referred to the committee. It lay on the
desk of this House and was lost or taken away
in some manner, so that the committee in the
original decision of this case were obliged to
decide it in the absence of that paper, which
being now present is, to my mind, conclusive
as to the prima facie right to the seat hero.
It was in obedience to the law. It was from
beginning to end in strict obedience to the law,
and so are all the papers upon which we estab-
lish the facts and which induces the resolution
which we ask this House to adopt.
Let me turn for a moment to the report of
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. burdett]
and see what he thinks and what he says of
this absent paper. He states in his report as
follows:
"Pr°m tho official papers and evidence referred
by the House it sufficiently appears that the said
board of Stato canvassers provided for in section
thirty-fivo, above quoted, met at the time and place
prescribed by law and performed the duties devolved
on them by sections thirty-seven, thirty-eight, and
thirty-nine of said act, and that the secretary of
State thereupon performed tho duties prescribed for
him by section forty-two of thosaid act, namely, thatho
transmitted a copy, under the seal of hisoffico, of the
certified determination of tho board of canvassers to
each person theieby declared to have been elected,
and a like copy to the Q-overnor; but it does not ap-
pear that he ever prepared or forwarded to the House
oi llepresentativcs the general certificate provided
ior by section forty-four of that act. This general
certificate so provided for was evidently intended by
the law-making power of that State to be the primal
evidence of right to a seat in this House furnished by
the authorities of that State to her elected citizens
and m the settlement of prima facie rights would, d
ummpeaehed, be the highest evidence.'*5
Now, &ir, that paper which my friend in hia
report states to this House would be the high-
est evidence is here presented, with a certifi-
cate upon the back of it that it was transmit-
ted to the House," but, as the result shows, it
disappeared. I claim that no injury should
