746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
days. I have heard it suggested that this mean s
that the board may adjourn from time to time
for a period not exceeding five days ; but the
language of the statute will not permit of any
such explanation. What is that language?
"Theboard shall have the power to adjourn from
day to day for a term not exceeding five days."
Their period of office for the purpose of dis-
charging the duties incumbent upon them is
limited to a term. What is the term? Five
days. They ore privileged during that term to
adjourn from day to day ; but that adjournment
does not extend beyond their term, which by
law is limited to a period of five days. Then
we have their first official action bearing date
December 1,1868. Their last official act must
be completed and made public on the 5th day
of December, 1868, at the latest.
Now, sir, what was their second step in the
discharge of their official duties ? Their second
step after this publication, which publication
bears the signatures of these several canvassing
officers, is to certify the parties who are duly
elected according to that public statement. I
can well imagine how according to that public
statementtheycancertifytfcatWilliam D. Simp-
son was elected, for their public statement
shows the fact; but I cannot imagine from
their publie statement they could certify then
or at a later period that A. S. Wallace was
clected, for that would be in conflict and in
contradiction -with the fact they made public
on the 1st day of December.
They certified on the 2d day of December
to Simpson that lie was elected. They made
their returns to the secretary of State, and
the Governor based his general certificate
upon those returns; and the special certificate
to Simpson himself recited this proceeding.
All these things occurred within the five days,
and they correspond step by step, eacli one
being consistent and in harmony with the pre-
ceding step. And the 6th day of December
passed by and no contrary opinion is given by
any of these parties.
The second certificate purports to have been
executed on the same day, the 2d day of De-
cember, that is borne upon the certificate
issued to Simpson ; but let me show you by the
record itself, by the facts before the House and
embodied in the papers without any appeal to
its extraneous facts at all, that second certifi-
cate, though bearing date the 2d of Decem-
ber, was as a matter of fact issued long after
the 2d day of December and after the expira-
tion of the five days during which these parties
are limited in their official actions. What is
the first evidence of it ? If gentlemen will look
at the record in this case, and the testimony is
very voluminous, thej will find in the first line
of the first page a contradiction to the date
borne by Mr. Wallace's certificate, forthe date
there is December 30,1868, and he says:
"Sib: You are hereby notified that Ishall contest
your election and right to a seat as a member of the
House of Representatives in the Forty-First Con-
gress from the fourth congressional district of the
State of South Carolina upon the following grounds,
touching the election held for said district on the 3d
day of November, A. D. 1868, and other grounds as
set forth in this notice."
He then goes on to specify the grounds on
which he contests the election, giving this no-
tice of contest almost a month after the date
on which his certificate was pretended to be
issued, a certificate which on its face bears the
evidence of fraud, when we take into consid-
eration its date of the 2d December, and the
fact that a month afterward he gives a notice
to the opposite party that he would contest
his right to the seat upon certain grounds, and
among them never once alleges the fact, if it
were a fact, of his having received a certificate
bearing the same date as that of Mr. Simpson.
By this very notice I convict that certificate
of being fraudulent. This notice was served
some time afterward, and it is to be presumed
that a party holding a certificate that he was
duly elected by his constituents would not have
omitted to have stated that most important
fact.
But there is further evidence in this regard.
It is said there has been a recantation by some
of these canvassers, and the withdrawal of their
official signatures.
I will take the two points and answer them
together. And now I state that this with-
drawal admits upon its face that it is null and
void. And why? Because, sir, here date is
material, time is material. And even if there
be any authority for it in the laws of South
Carolina, even if it had any sanction of law,
it must be within a period of five days in order
to have any official sanction whatever. But is
it within a period of five days? No, sir. And
the first point to which I ask attention shows
it is not. The fact is that, when these parties
knew that this question of date was material,
they sent to this House, without authority of
law, a statement bearing no date whatever, and
inasmuch as date was essential, that fact was
against them, or they would have given a date.
But I am not confined to the fact that this is
without date to prove that the certificate was
executed at a period much later than at the
expiration of five days.
I refer now to the case of Hoge against Reid,
from South Carolina, which preceded this, to
bring from it a fact bearing upon this case. If
gentlemen will look into the papers of Hoge
vs. Reid they will find that the two cases run
upon the same points. They are alike in the
recantation of these officers; they are alike in
the duplicate certificates; they are alike in
every respect except that the one relates to
one man and one district and the other to
another man and another district. A reference
to this case of Hoge vs. Reid shows that the
statements of the canvassers are the same in
both cases; that they are alike in their con-
clusions and alike in their terms, varied only
to suit the differences in the two cases. As
regards the statement of the board of canvass-
ers in the case of Hoge vs. Reid it has no date,
but they give it a date by referring to an
affidavit in the same record, in the following
language:
"To establish these statements the board of State
canvassers call attention to the affidavit of James
H. Henderson, a member of tho present house of
representatives from Newberry county."
If we can find this affidavit and it bears a
date it will follow that this allegation of the
canvassers is later than the affidavit of Hen-
derson, because they refer to his statement as
their guide. Now, what is the date of Hen-
derson's affidavit? It is stated as follows:
"Sworn to before me this 8th day of December,
1868."
There is no similar statement in this case.
But I have proved by Mr. Wallace himself that
he never dreamed of being entitled to a seat in
this House on anything like a certificate till
long after the evidence was gone into in sup-
port of the claim. 1 refer now to the fact that
in the case of Hoge vs. Reid Mr. Wallace was
himself a witness for Mr. IIogk, and I suppose
his sworn statement on that occasion is to be
taken as evidence here.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURR. With the consent of the House
I should like to complete my statement of the
The SPEAKER. The hour has expired.
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman will be
allowed to go on for a reasonable length of
time.
Mr. BURDETT. I now rise to call the
previous question.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman yield to me
to present a resolution which I am instructed
by the Committee of Elections to present?
Mr. BURDETT. I may lose my right to
the floor if I yield just now.
Mr. MARSHALL. I hope the previous
question will not be seconded. The whole
facts of this case are not understood. In my
judgment it is proposed to admit a man as a
member here who has no more right to sit in
this House than any man you might pick up
on Pennsylvania avenue. Gentlemen ought to
have time to look into the facts, and I hope we
will not be forced to vote before there is some
opportunity of understanding the question.
There is already a gentleman here from South
Carolina who is no more entitled to liis_seat
than the first man you would meet on Penn-
sylvania avenue. 1 say this on my responsi-
bility as a lawyer. The gentleman I refer to
occupies a seat here, elected by this House, but
not by the people whom he pretends to repre-
sent.
Mr. BURDETT. I insist on the previous
question.
On seconding the previous question _ there
were—ayes 49, noes 51; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; ana Mr. Marshall
and Mr. Buedeti were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 68, noes 61.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question t^as on ordering the main ques-
tion ; and on being put, there were—ayes 64,
noes 52.
So the main question was ordered.
Mr. BURDETT. I yield fifteen minutes of
the hour allotted to me to close the debate to
my colleague on the committee from Illinois,
[Mr. Burnt.]
Mr. BURR. The point which I was making
when I was cut off in order that the previous
question might be put in operation was the
feet that Mr. Wallace had himself, long after
the pretended issuance of this certificate, ad-
mitted of record that he was not elected to the
Forty-First Congress. Let me see if I am
borne out in that allegation. I have here the
cross-examination of my friend in the case
of Hoge vs. Reid. I call him my friend be-
cause I have formed his personal acquaint-
ance with pleasure, but that should not bias
my mind in deciding upon his right to a seat
here. I read from his evidence:
"Question. Were you a candidate for Congress ?
"Answer. Yes; in tho fourth congressional dis-
trict.
"Question. Were you defeated?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. By whom?
"Answer. By William D. Simpson.
"Question. Are you contesting Ms election?
"Answer. I am, sir."
And then he went on to state the grounds
of his contest. That was on the 14th day of
February, 1860. Thus we have all these com-
bined points of record proving conclusively
that on this day, in the middle of February,
my friend, Mr. Wallace, had no shadow of a
certificate, nothing pretending to be one; and-
the conclusion is forced upon this House that
the certificate which is presented in his behalf
bearing date December 2, 1868, is an after-
thought and a fraud upon this House, not-
withstanding the majority of the committee
say in their report that it stands unimpeached.
Sir, it is impeached by the notice of contest,
by the date of that notice, by the testimony in
the case, by the organization of the board of
State canvassers, by their term of office, and
finally by the admission on record of the party
who now claims under this pretended certifi-
cate to occupy a seat upon the floor of this
House.
Having established this point, what, then, is
there shown that should induce the House to
seat Mr. Wallace as the Representative from
the fourth district of South Carolina? I want
the House, if it makes the record which is
sought to be made in this case, to make it
intelligently and with a full knowledge of the
point presented for their consideration, so that
we may know hereafter how to govern our-
selves. In the case of Smith vs. Brown, from
Kentucky, this House solemnly affirmed that
although one party might be disqualified, if he
had the greater number of voles his personal
disqualification should not work the election of
the man who received a minority of the votes.
II In the case of Hogeiw. Reid, which was set-
