1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOfifi.
m
It was upon that ground, I say, that we sub-
mitted to these things; and I say this much
here now: that perhaps it will be the last time
in the history of South Carolina when that
party will come here and plead intimidation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURDETT. I will now yield to the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Whitte-
moke] for five minutes.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I do not understand
that the question of the merits of this case are
now before the House, although in the argu-
ments of the gentlemen on the other side much
has been said which might be regarded as
relating to the merits of the case.
My idea is that this House is not only to be
the judge of the character of the certificate
which may be presented here, but also of the
election and its returns. Now, what are the
facts? They have been stated already. The
canvassers were required by law to meet at a
certain time and to give their certificate of
election to the candidate elected under the
law. They were also to give a general certifi-
cate, or a certificate of general determina-
tion.
These certificates have been given to differ-
ent individuals, and the question for us now to
decide is in which individual is the prima facie
right vested. Whether the board of State can-
vassers had any right after making the first
declaration and giving the first certificate to
withdraw that certificate is a matter which each
and every person here will, perhaps, decide for
himself.
Now, the law which has been cited is this:
that the board of State canvassers not only
have the right to declare as to the number
of votes cast, and whether a majority of the
votes have been cast for any particular indi-
vidual, but they have also the right to enter
their protest, as they are obliged to do, among
the records of the secretary of State. One of
the board of State canvassers has done that
very thing, and he asks Congress and the world
to consider his name, which was originally
signed tq the certificate of election, as though
it had never been appended to that certificate.
The law requires that the names of a majority
of the board of canvassers shall appear upon
the certificate in order to make it valid. Does
it appear now that a majority of those names
are on the certificate of Simpson? Does it
appear that a majority of the names are on the
certificate of Wallace? The facts in the case
are that by the withdrawal of the name of the
treasurer of the State there are but two names
signed to the certificate of Simpson ; whereas
the names of all the board of the State can-
vassers are signed to the certificate of Mr.
Wallace. Then, the certificate of Simpson is
questionable, while that of Wallace is not ques-
tionable, for all the members of the board of
State canvassers have signed their names to the
certificate of Wallace.
But. we are now to consider who has the primal
right to the seat in question. It was decided
in the case of Hoge vs. Reid that HorjE had
tho primal right to a seat in this House, and
he still occupies that seat. Now, I undertake
to say that if we had no other precedent than
that to act upon it is enough for us in this case,
and that we should give this seat to Mr. Wal-
lace, who is the legally elected Representative
from the fourth congressional district of the
State of South Carolina.
I do not intend by any means to enter into
the merits of this case. If it was necessary to
do so I could show by the proclamation of the
Governor of the State the condition of society
that existed in the State prior to the election,
raid by the first message of the Governor of the
Siate to the General Assembly after the elec-
tion what really transpired in the State. But
in my opinion the only primal right to the seat
which any one can have who cotnes here as a
contestant for the place is in Mr. Wallace. It
has been already said that by a resolution of
this House of last spring Mr. Simpson has
been ruled out of any right to even contest the
seat, and he is no longer here by person or
proxy to ask that right.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I would like to
ask the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Whittemoue] a question.
The SPEAKER. The time of -the gentle-
man from South Carolina has expired.
Mr. BURDETT. I now yield fifteen min-
utes to my colleague on the committee, the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevensos.]
Mr. ORTH. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Ohio I would like to put one or
two questions to the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. BtJRDETT.]
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman will
have an opportunity to do that when the gen-
tleman from Missouri resumes the floor.
Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that this case
is in a nut-shell—I may almost say a peanut-
shell. [Laughter.] The question now is sim-
ply as the prima facie case, not as to the
merits. Gentlemen in the discussion of the
question have gone into the merits. I do not
propose to follow them except so far as to
show that there are merits on both sides; I
propose to confine myself to the question before
the House.
What is the result upon the examination of
the paperg? We have here the singular fact
of two sets of certificates, which are in con-
flict. In the first place the board of canvass-
ers certified to the Governor (three out of
four signing the certificate) that Mr. Simpson
had been elected by a majority of votes. Af-
terward, having investigated the facts attend-
ing the election, they reversed their former
certificate, one of them having first withdrawn
his name, leaving only two signers. All four
of the officers signed a certificate stating that
Mr. Wallace had been elected by a majority of
"legal votes."
Now, I take it that a "legal vote" is as good
as a " vote," and that the term " legal" only
makes the certificate stronger; because, while
a man may have an actual majority of the
"votes" cast, he may not have a majority of
"legal votes" cast. Here, then, is a complete
reversal of their former action by the board of
State canvassers.
The secretary of State, however, is the offi-
cer who under the law is to give the final
certificate. This officer, upon the first certifi-
cate of the board of canvassers, gave a certifi-
cate to Mr. Simpson certifying that he had been
elected by a majority of votes. Subsequently
he also reversed his action, and gave a certifi-
cate to Mr. Wallace certifying that he had been
electedbyamajority of the " legal votes" cast.
Now, then, what are the legal rights of the
parties on this state of the papers?
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I will.
Mr. DAVIS. Is it the view of the commit-
tee that the House has no right to consider the
certificate or statement of the board of State
canvassers to be found on page 3 of this report ?
Mr. STEVENSON. The House has a right,
I think, to consider it for what it is worth;
but it is not official.
Mr. DAVIS. It purports to be signed by
the secretary of State, the attorney general,
and another member of the board of State
canvassers, those three constituting a majority
of that board.
Mr. STEVENSON. Oh, yes; that certifi-
cate was given ; but afterward one of the mem-
bers of the board recalled his signature to it,
canceled it, and finally all four gave a certifi-
cate which reverses that one.
Mr. DAVIS. That fact does not appear
here. The point of my inquiry is this: is not
tho House at liberty, and is it not its duty,
upon this question to look at the reasons
which animated the board of State canvassers as
those reasons are set forth in this document ?
Mr. STEVENSON. The House may do so,
I think, but itfe are now considering this case
upon official papers, and if toe look strictly
at the official papers that document would
not be included.
Mr. DAVIS. That, I Understand, is the
point ml«3e by the committee. The committee
place this case altogether upon the technical
legal question whether the board of State
canvassers, having issued one certificate, had
the power to revoke that and issue a second.
Standing on that question alone, I think the
committee will be right; butthey have accom-
panied their report with a document which
shows most conclusively under the settled
rule of this House that neither of these gentle-
men is entitled to a seat in this House ; thatis,
if the facts stated fee true.
Mr. STEVENSON. I shall proceed with my
argument. I have shown that whatever action
was taken by the board of State canvassers they
reversed it; I have shown that whatever action
was taken by the secretary of State he reversed
it. Now, the question is whether they had the
right to reverse their action? I refer gentle-
men to the case of Butler vs. Lehman, where
the board of returning judges' certified to the
election, and it was afterward proved one of
the returns was a forgery. The Governor of
Pennsylvania took notice of the fact, and by
proclamation declared the opposing candidate
duly elected. In that case the House sus-
tained the action of the Governor. That was
a case which occurred in 1862. In the same
year, in the case of Morton vs. Daily, from the
Territory of Nebraska, the Governor of that
Territory gave the certificate to Mr. Morton ;
but on the discovery of fraud he revoked itand
gave the certificate to Mr. Daily. In that case
the House decided that Mr. Daily should oc-
cupy the seat daring the pendency of the
contest.
Now, Mr. Speaker, so much for the tech-
nical features of this case, and in that regard
it seems to me perfectly conclusive ; but upon
what ground did this board of canvassers act?
They acted upon the ground stated in this very
report to which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Davis] alludes. It was known to the
board of State canvassers that the party to
which Mr. Simpson belonged by their news-
papers and by the voice of public speakers
established a scheme of wholesale proscrip-
tion prior to the election on the 3d of Novem-
ber last which intimidated a vast number of
Republican voters and prevented anything like
a free expression of political opinion.
Mr. WILLARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether there is any testimony before
the committee on that point ?
Mr. STEVENSON. There is. and I will
come to that in a moment.
Mr. WILLARD. I should like to ask the
gentleman how that comes up in discussing a
prima facie case?
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not think it does;
but gentlemen on the other side have gone into
the merits of the case. In my judgment it
should have no weight; and in order that it
may not have any improper weight I merely
allude to the question.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Burr] or
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ran-
dall,] I forget which, thought proper to go
into the number of votes cast, and to say by
the publication in a newspaper it appears Mr.
Simpson had an actual majority of 4,"290 votes.
Now, I have to answer that by the sworn tes-
timony in this case it appears 7,269 Repub-
lican voters were by intimidation and actual
violence prevented from voting, and that if
that vote had been cast Mr. Wallace would
have received a majority of over three thou-
sand votes; so that there is no danger ot doing
any wrong here.
Mr. ORTH. Will the gentleman from Ohio
yield to me for a minute?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. ORTH. I understand the gentleman
to state that it appears in the testimony before
