750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
the committee over seven thousand Republican
voters were intimidated so as not to be able to
cast their votes. Did the committee examine
witnesses to ascertain that fact?
Mr. STEVENSON. It does notappear from
the testimony of witnesses examined before the
committee, bat from testimony taken by par-
ties in this case.
Mr. ORTH. How many witnesses were
examined as to that fact?
Mr. STEVENSON. How many witnesses
testified to the feet? One at least in each of
the counties of York, Union, Laurens, Green-
ville, Pickens, Spartanburg, and Chester.
Mr. ORTH. That is seven witnesses.
Mr. BURR. But you do not go into the
merits.
Mr. STEVENSON. We have not gone into
the merits, it is true. Neither have we gone
into the merits on the other side. I do not
cite this as a circumstance that should have
any weight, but merely to balance the weight
of the circumstances cited, and properly, I
think, on the other side.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I desire to know
if it is possible that the gentleman is advocating
the admission of a gentleman as a member of
this House without any examination of the
merits of the case ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I am advocating his
admission on the prima facie case, without
going into the merits. I never heard of going
into the merits on a ■prima facie case.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. KERR. I desire to know if the com;
mittee are not forbidden to examine this case,
as to Simpson, any further, by an express res-
olution of this House, dated March 22, 1869.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think not.
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman will yield
to allow this resolution to be read.
Mr. STEVENSON. If I have time I will,
but I prefer that the gentleman should state
the nature of the resolution.
Mr. KERR. It is very brief, and can be read
in a moment.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Resolved, That in all contested-election cases
referred to the Committee of Elections in which it
shall be alleged by a party to the ease, or a member
of the House, that either claimant is unable to take
the oath prescribed in the act approved July 2,1802,
entitled " An aot to prescribo an oath of office, and
lor other purposes," it shall be the duty of the com-
mittee to ascertain whether such disability exists;
and if such disability shall bo found to exist the
committee shall so report to the House, and shall
not further consider the claim of the person so dis-
qualified without the further order of the Houso;
and no compensation will bo allowed by the Ilouse
to any claimant who shall have been ineligible to
the •fiicc of Representative to Congress at the time
of the election and whose disability shall not have
been removed by act of Congress."
Mr. KERR. The committee have reported
that ineligibility to exist, and therefore are
precluded from any further examination of
the case on the merits at all; and this is an
attempt to bring this man in here without right
and to keep him here till Congress expires.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am astonished that
the gentleman from Indiana, with his great
acuteness and broad and comprehensive in-
tellect, does not see that that resolution only
applies to Mr. Simpson, who by that report is
out of this case, while Mr. Wallace remains
in it.
Mr. KERR. This resolution relates to all
cases 
Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot further yield
to a gentleman who so far misapprehends the
case.
Mr. KERR. There is no misapprehension ;
my statement is entirely correct.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. STEVENSON. I yield to the gentleman
for a question,
Mr. PETERS. I would like to sustain the
Committee of Elections here if I could. I un-
derstand that Mr. Simpson had a majority of
overfourthousand votes; that he is entitled to the
prima facie election, but that he is not eligible.
I have maintained before this House more than
once that his ineligibility ought to be removed,
but I have been voted down. Now, I under-
stand the committee to say that Mr. Wallace is
entitled to the seat, not upon the merits,because
they have not been examined, but prima facie.
I do not agree in that view. The law is against
it; the precedents are against it; and I hope
our friends on this side of the House will have
the courage to stand up here against the report
of that committee and say that as a matter of
law Mr. Wallace is not entitled to a prima facie
seat.
Mr. STEVENSON. I yielded to the gentle-
man for a question, and he is giving us a ser-
mon.
Mr. PETERS. I hope it will have some
effect.
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes; but he did not
refer to the text. We are not here recommend-
ing admission on the number of votes cast, but
I have already shown that if we went into the
merits of the case Mr. Wallace would be proved
to have a majority of over three thousand.
Mr. PETERS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman how he can go into the merits on the
question who is entitled to the primafacie seat?
Mr. STEVENSON. Just as well as the gen-
tleman from Maine can go into the merits. My
friend claims that Mr. Simpson has the major-
ity, and if he has the right to claim this I surely
have the right to show that Mr. Wallace has
the majority. The gentleman surely could not
have listened to this debate or examined the
papers iu the case.
It is shown that the first certificate given to
Mr. Simpson, and upon which alone it is pre-
tended that he ever had a prima facie case,
has been wiped away by the officers who re-
versed their action and gave a last and binding
certificate to Mr. Wallace.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURDETT resumed the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a parliamentary ques-
tion. I desire to know what is the exact prop-
osition before the House, whether the question
is upon the resolution reported by the majority
of the Committee of Elections, or upon the
resolution of the minority of the committee as
a substitute?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will endeavor
to state the question clearly at the expiration
of the hour of the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Burdett.] There are but five minutes
of the hour remaining.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suppose the answer of
the Chair to a parliamentary question does not
come out of the hour?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is upon the floor. At the end of five
minutes the Chair will definitely state the ques-
tion. He would not feel authorized to inter-
rupt the gentleman upon the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. BURDETT. When I stated the case
to the House at the opening of this debate I
endeavored specifically to place before the
House the fact that this is a report from the
Committee of Elections simply upon the prima
facie case, and that the adoption of the reso-
lution reported by the majority of the com-
mittee will still leave open for decision the
ease upon its merits. The House has wan-
dered from this proposition, and it seems to
be insisted on that without giving the Com-
mittee of Elections an opportunity to examine
and report upon the merits of the case there
shall be here a decision upon the merits with-
out consideration of the prima facie case.
Now, sir, there are before this Ilouse cer-
tain documents upon which and upon which
alone from time immemorial prima facie cases
have been considered and determined. Cer-
tain documents bearing the great seal of the
State of South Carolina have been brought to
the attention of gentlemen upon this floor.
There is one set of those documents which
stands unimpeached by mortal man. The en-
tire number of the board of State canvassers
have said that A. S. Wallace is entitled to the
seat here ; and I say that subsequent to that
action of theirs so declared there has been
nothing here to impeach their certificate, and
it stands unimpeached to-day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to askthe gentle-
man a question,
Mr. BURDETT. I cannot yield ; I have
not time. The only objection raised is that
there are certain other papers here which bear
in favor of the other side. That objection if
it means anything means nothing more nor
less than this ; that men acting under their
oaths of office in an official capacity are
debarred from changing their opinions and
actions upon proper and competent evidence.
That question has been settled again and again
upon this floor. It was settled in the case of
Butler vs. Lehman, and in the case of Daily vs.
Morton from Nebraska. In the latter case,
which was decided at the first session of the
Thirty-Seventh Congress, one of the contest-
ants held a certificate dated November 2,1860,
and the other held one dated in March of the
next year, and yet this House gave the seat to
the man who had the certificate of the latest
date, and he held his seat here all through
that Congress.
Now, I cannot refrain from calling the atten-
tion of the House to another fact. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] my
colleague on the Committee of Elections, said
that he had certain letters to the effect that Mr.
Cardozo, the secretary of State for South Caro-
lina, repudiated this action, and that this was not
official; that the certificate of election to Mr.
Wallace was not in his office. Sir, I have no
doubt he has those letters; but I said to the
House that this Mr. Cardozo has certified under
and by virtue of the great seal of the State of
South Carolina as late as December 20, 1869,
that Mr; Wallace has this certificate. I hold in
my .hand a copy of that certificate, and it is on file
in the office of the secretary of State.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Have not both parties the
great seal of the State of South Carolina ?
Mr. BURDETT. Yes, sir; and this man said
that that triumph upon which they rely is a
costly triumph, and who doubts it?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was upon the substitute of the
minority report for the resolution of the major-
ity report.
The resolution of the majority was as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That upon the papers referred to the
Committee of Elections in the contested case of A.
S. Wallace ve. W. I). Simpson, from the fourth con-
gressional district of South Carolina, A. S. Wallaoe
ispnma/acie entitled to a seat in the House as their
Representative of said district, subject to the future
action of the House or to the merits of the case.
The resolution of the majority, moved as a
substitute for the majority resolution, was as
follows:
Resolved, That W. D. Simpson is not entitled, under
resolution of March, 1869, to a seat from the fourth
district of South Carolina, by reason of ineligibility:
ana that A. S. Wallace is not entitled to such seat
beoause he was not " by the greatest number of votes
duly elected" by the people of that district.
The question was taken upon the substitute;
and upon a division there were—-ayes 76,
noes 50.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. KELSEY and Mr. STEVENSON called
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were—ayes 26,
noes 73.
So (one-fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would it be in order
at this time to move that this subject be recom-
mitted to the Committee of Elections?
The SPEAKER. It would not, because the
previous question is now operating.
The question was then taken; and it was
