1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
decided in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 73,
not Toting 34 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Archer,
Bailey, Banks, Beaman, Beck, Biggs, Bingham,
Bird, James Brooks, Buffinton. Burr, Calkin, Cleve-
land, Conger, Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Davis,
Dawes, Deweese, Dickinson, Dixon, Dox, Eldridge,
Perry, Get.z, Golladay, Greene, Griswold, Halde-
man, Hale, Harnbleton, Hamill, Hawkins, Hawley,
Hill, Holinan, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones,
Kerr, Keteham, Knott, Laflin, Logan, Loughridge,
Marshall, Mayham, McCarthy, McCormick, Me-
Neely, Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell,
Samuel P. Morrill, Mungon, Niblack, Orth, Pack-
ard, Peters, Poland, Pomeroy, Potter, Randall,
Beading, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sehenck, Schu-
maker, Seofield, Sherrod. Slooum, Josephs. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Stiles, Stoughton, Strader,
Strickland, Swann, Sweeney, Taffe.Tanner. Trimble,
Tyner, VanAuken, Van Trump, Voorhees, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, William B. "Washburn, Wells,
Wheeler, Willard, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson.
John T. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Wood-
ward—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Armstrong, Arnoil, Asper, Ben-
ton, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck,
Buckley, Burchard, Burdett, Cake, Cessna, Chureh-
ill, Clarke, A mas a Cobb, Clinton L. Oobb, Donley,
Duval, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworfch, Ferriss, Finkeln-
burg, Fisher. Pitch, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hamilton,
Hay, Hays, Heaton, Heflin, Hoar, Iloge, Julian,
Kellogg, Kelsey.Knapp, Lawrence, Maynard, Mc-
Crary, McGrew, Mercur, EliakimH.Moore,William
Moore, Myers, Negley, O'Neill, Palmer, Phelps,
Prosser, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks, Lionel A. Shel-
don, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stokes, Strong, Tillman. Townsend, Twickcll,
Van Horn, Whittemore, Wilkinson, Winans, and
Witeher—73.
SfOTVOTING—Messrs. Ambler. Axtell, Barnum,
Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett. Blair, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Roderick 11. Butler, Coburn, Cook, Dickey,
Dockery, Pox, Haight, ltoag. Hooper, Ilotchkiss,
Ingersoll, Alexander II. Jones, Judcl, Kclley, Lash,
Lynch, Morrissey, Packer, Paine, Roots, Sanford,
Stevens, Stone, Upson, Ward, and Welker—34.
So the substitute was adopted.
Daring the call of the roll,
Mr. JOHNSON said: Upon this question I
am paired with Mr. Butler, of Tennessee. If
he were present he would vote "no" and I
would vote "ay."
The question was upon the resolution of the
majority report, as amended by the substitu-
tion of the resolution of the minority report
of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. CESSNA. I desire to make an inquiry.
The Committee of Elections treated this ques-
tion as one of prima facie evidence.
The SPEAKER. That is in the nature of
debate, and is not in order.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to lay this resolu-
tion, as amended, on the table.
Mr. CESSNA. I second that motion.
Mr. BURR. If that motion should prevail
would it carry the report of the majority of
the committee on the table with it?
The SPEAKER. It would. In the opin-
ion of the Chair the result would be practi-
cally the same, whether the resolution, as
amended, be adopted or laid on the table.
The question was taken upon laying the reso-
lution, as amended, on the table; and upon a
division there were—ayes 57, noes 80.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WHITTEMORE called for the yeas and
nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were—ayes 18,
noes 82.
So (one fifth not voting in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Accordingly the motion to lay on the table
was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the resolution,
as amended.
Mr. STEVENSON and Mr.WHITTEMORE
moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 50, noes 78.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. WHITTEMORE and Mr. STEVENSON
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas aud nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
jn the negative—yeas f>8, nays 98, not voting
44 j as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Arnell, Asper, Benjamin, Benton,
Boles, Bowen, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buffinton,
Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler, Cessna,
Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Dixon, Don-
ley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Ferriss, Pitch, Gilfillan. Ham-
ilton, Hay, Heaton, Heflin, Hoar, Iloge, Julian,
Kelsey, Knapp, Maynard, MoCrary, McGrew, Mer-
cur, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers. Nogley, O'Neill, Pal-
mer, Prosser, Boots, Sargent, Sawyer, Seofield, Lionel
A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, William
J. Smith, William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stokes, Strong, Taffe, Tillman, Townsend, Twiehell,
Van Horn, Ward, Welker, Whittemore, Wilkinson,
John T. Wilson, Winans, and Witeher—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Armstrong, Bailey, Banks, Beaman, Beatty,
Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, James Brooks, Buck-
ley, Burr, Cake, Conger, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Davis,
Dawes, Dickinson, Dox, Eldridge, Ferry, Finkeln-
burg, Fisher, Getz, Golladay,Greene,Griswold, Halde-
man, Harnbleton, Hamill, Hawkins, Hawley, Hoi-
man, Jenekes, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg,
Kerr, Keteham, Knott, Laflin, Logan, Loughridge,
Marshall, Mayham, McCarthy, McCormick, McNee-
ly, Jesse H.Moore, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Orth,
Packard, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Potter,
Randall, Reading, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Schumaker,
Shanks, Sherrod, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Stiles, Stoughton, Strader, Strick-
land, Swann, Sweeney, Tanner, Trimble, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Voorhees, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Wells, Wheelor, Willard,
Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, AVood,
and W oodward—98.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Axtell, Barnum, Bennett,
Blair, Boyd, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, Churchill,
Cleveland, Coburn, Cook, Cowles, Deweese, Dickey,
Dockery, Farnsworth, Fox, Garfield, Haight, Hale,
Hays, Hill, Hoag, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll,
Alexander II. Jones, Judd.Kelley, Lash, Lawrence,
Lynch, Eliakim II. Moore, William Moore, Samuel
P.Morrill,Morrissey,Packer.Paine,Sanford,Schenck,
Stevens, Stone, Tyner. and Upson—14.
So the House refused to adjourfi.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to modify the
resolution, as amended, so as to obviate, I
think, any farther opposition.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a parliament-
ary question. Is it in order to modify that
resolution?
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by
unanimons consent.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to make the modification.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not in order except on Monday.
Several Members. Let us hear the modi-
fication.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
agreeing to the resolution, as amended.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let members vote for
that resolution if they choose to do so.
On agreeing to the resolution as amended,
there were—ayes 88, noes 53.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
TheSPEAKER. Theresolution,asamended,
will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
lipsolved, That W. D. Simpson is not entitled,
under the resolution of March, 1869, to a seat from
the fourth district of South Carolina, by reason of
ineligibility; and that A. S. Wallace is not entitled
to such seat because he was not "by the greatest
number of votes duly elected" by the people of that
district.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to notify the House
that I am anxious to modify the resolution, but
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevensox]
prevents me by his objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
there will be no opposition to the modification
of the resolution.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. I want to modify the
resolution so that it shall apply simply to the
decision on the prima facie right.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We will
agree to that on our side.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio objects, and at this stage it is not
competent to do anything in the way of modi-
fying the resolution except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. PETERS. I desire to submit to the
Chair a parliamentary question, whether the
effect of this vote will be to prevent an exam-
ination of this case on its merits in some other
form at some other time?
Several Members. Not at all.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the
Chair it will be competent for the House to
re-refer the case upon its merits, though the
point is one which the Chair does not regard
as parliamentary.
Mr. ALLISON. Is it in order now to move
that this whole subject be recommitted to the
Committee of Elections?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the previous
question is operating.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to reconsider the
vote seconding the previous question.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done, be-
cause the previous question is partly executed. .
Mr. MAYNARD. What would be the effect
of laying this whole subject on the table?
The SPEAKER. It would leave the ques-
tion in the position which the Chair has just
indicated in his response to the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Petebs.] It would be competent
for the House to re-refer the case at any time.
: Mr. WHITTEMORE. If I have the floor I
! will move to lay it on the table.
Mr. SCOFIBLD._ If the House should
adjourn now on this call for the yeas and
i nays would this thing be first in order in the
I morning.
TheSPEAKER. It would be the first thing
i in order.
■ Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I hope there will
! be no objection to our adjournment.
| Mr. WHITTEMORE. I move that the
I House do now adjourn.
Mr. STILES. The yeas and nays have
already been ordered.
The SPEAKER. But that does not prevent
the gentleman from moving to adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the attention of the
House for one moment. I have not been able
to hear what has transpired ; but I infer that
the phraseology of the resolution reaches be-
yond what the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] intended. I ask the Speaker
whether there is not this difference between the
passage of the resolution and laying it on the
table : if we lay the resolution upon the table
it will leave either one of these gentlemen to
contest the right to this seat hereafter ; but if
we should pass the resolution it would then be
the judgment of the House that neither one of
them was entitled to the seat. I suggest, there-
fore, if in deciding upon this prima facie case
they wish to leave these parties free hereafter
to contest the right of this seat, that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. In the judgment of the
Chair the effect of the resolution as amended
and laying the resolution upon the table would
not be materially different.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a point of order.
The only question brought from the committee
is a prima facie case. The committee has never
had any right to bring anything else before the
House. That is the only question before the
House, and the passage of the resolution dis-
poses of the prima facie case, and no more.
The SPEAKER. That is what the Chair
has already stated ; that the resolution merely
refers to the passage of the prima fade case.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is it in
order to move that the resolution be laid on
the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I make
that motion, and if it be adopted I have a res-
olution which 1 will present.
The resolution was then laid on the table.
Mr. BUTLEPu, of Massachusetts. I submit
the following resolution:
Jlexolvetl, That the claims of A. S. Wallace and
William D. Simpson to a seat in this Congress bo
again referred to the Committee of Elections, to be
examined and reported on upon the merits ox the
case as presented.
Mr. WOODWARD. I object to the reso-
lution and move that the House do now
adjourn.
