152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and decides that as the question
relates to the eligibility to a seat upon this
floor it is one of privilege, and the resolution
is therefore in order.
TM House divided; and there were—ayes
63, noes 46.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider all the
votes taken during this day; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SESSION FOR DEBATE ONLY.
Mr. DAWES. I move by unanimous con-
sent that there shall be a session this evening,
the House sitting as in Committee of the Whole
for the purpose of debate only.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. McCraey] will take the chair this
evening as Speaker pro tempore.
And then, on motion of Mr. WOODWARD,
the House (at five o'clock and five minutes p.
m.) took a recess until half past seven o'clock
this evening.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at half past
seven o'clock p. m., Mr. McCrary in the chair
as Speaker pro tempore.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the
order of the House this morning, the House
will sit this evening as in Committee of the
Whole for the purpose of debate only, the ques-
tion before the House being the President's
annual message, on which the gentleman from
California [Mr. Johnson] is entitled to the
floor.
CHINESE IMMIGRATION.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, as indica-
tive of the subject which I propose to discuss
this evening, 1 ask the Clerk to read a joint
resolution which has been introduced by me
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The Clerk read as follows :
Joint resolution declaratory of the right in States
to protect themselves against a nuisance, and that
Chinese immigration should bo discouraged.
lie it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled. That any State suffering injury from filthy
habits, degrading vices, or customs practiced by Chi-
noso residents thereof, may, if such habits, vices, or
customs become a nuisance, protect itself by State
legislation, notwithstanding the existence of any
treaty between the United States and the Chinose
Government.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the free
importation andimmigration of Chinese laborcrsand
debased and abandoned females is not lor the best
interest of the country, and thereforo should not be
encouraged, but, on tho contrary, should be re-
strained and discouraged by all lawful means.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, although I
ask in the first resolution for a recognition of
the right in a State to proteet itself against a
nuisance, I think it unnecessary to discuss that
question, for such right will hardly be denied
in argument, but may be rejected by force.
But the second resolution, as it covers debat-
able questions, and is of so much importance
to the Pacific States, particularly California,
will justify me in consuming my time in its
discussion.
I hope a large majority of the good people
of this country believe its future greatness can
best be secured by preserving the Caucasian
bloody in its purity; that the white man is
superior to tlie Chinaman ; that our country
would be better off peopled entirely with our
own kind than if mixed with an inferior and
degraded race; that the better and more en-
lightened the inhabitants of a country are the
more equitable, safe, and certain are its laws ;
that a good, virtuoua, educated kindred popu-
lation are more likely to cherish morality and
religion, prosperity and liberty, than would be
a base, degraded, uneducated, and debased
population ; even that a man is better alone
than with hostile robbers and thieves, than with
a multitude bearing pestilence in their gar-
ments and reeking with filth and decay. I
believe every Chinaman who comes to the
United States is an added element of weak-
ness and an accumulated source of dishonor.
In numbers he is an addition to our population,
yet he adds no strength to our country or
Government. By his cheap labor he reduces
the earnings, really takes away the earnings
of the white man, him upon whose shoulders
this Government must ever rest. The importa-
tion of fifty thousand Chinese will reduce the
wages of two hundred thousand white men in
any given section fully twenty-five per cent.
When this business is localized, as in Califor-
nia, it is disastrous to the producing classes.
This reduction is a clear loss to our country.
Itdoesnotfloatlikedrifttobe caught by "grab-
bers," as do theearningsofsomeofour own peo-
ple. No, every dollarof it is safely transmitted
to the Chinese empire. They undermine and
cheat our own citizens out of fully $10,000,000
a year, and every dollar of this is carefully sent
from the country. This sum is not only taken
from our working men and theirfamilies, which
is like_their paying so much tribute to China,
but it is taken also from our country and is lost
forever. Besides this, the Chinaman is an
enemy in our midst; he hates our customs,
has a contempt for our Government, and fairly
loathes all our institutions, but more particu-
larly our religion and our God. To show that he
is a source of dishonor, I might be content with
proving him dishonest and a thief, but I shall
not stop there. Such a thing as a moral, reli-
gious, or other restraint, except the fear of pun-
ishment, is not known to the Chinaman. He
is not only a thief by nature, in theory and
practice, but is more debased and degraded in
his nasty, loathsome habits than any other of
God's creatures. The lowest character in Cali-
fornia would feel disgraced and ruined forever
if caught associating with Chinamen. But I
will bring eminent witnesses with abundant evi-
dence to impeach John's character. Bayard
Taylor says:
" The only taste which the Chinose exhibit to any
degree is a love of the monstrous. That sontiment
of harmony which throbbed like a musical rhythm
through the life of the Greeks never looked out
through their oblique eyes. Their music is a droad-
ful discord; their languago is composod of nasals
and consonants; they admire whatever is distorted
or unnatural, and the wider its divergence from the
original beauty or symmetry the greats'/ is their
delight. This mental idiosyneraey includes a moral
one of similar character. It is my deliberate opin-
ion that the Chinese are morally the most debased
people on the lace of the earth. Forms of vice
which in other countries are hardly named are in
China so common that they excite no comment
among the natives. They constitute the surface
level, and below them there aredeeps and deeps of
depravity so shocking and horrible that their char-
acter cannot even be hinted. There are some dark
shadows in human nature which we naturally shrink
from penetrating, and 1 made no attempt to collect
information of this kind; but there was enough in
the things which I could not avoid seeing and hear-
ing—which are brought almost daily to the notice of
every foreign resident—to inspiro mo with a power-
ful aversion to the Chinese race. Their touch is
pollution, and, harsh as tho opinion may seem, jus-
tice to our own race demands that they should not
be allowed to settle on our soil. Science may have
lost something, but mankind has gained by the ox-
elusive policy which has governed China during the
past centuries."
This is the true character of the Chinaman
at home in his native land as seen by one of
the most distinguished of American authors
and travelers long before the danger of a
Chinese inundation became threatening. This
great traveler and author I believe was never
of my political faith, else I should not quote
him.
Hon. William Highy, then member of Con-
gress from the second district of California, in
an able speech delivered on this floor in I860,
(Congressional Globe, vol. 57, page 1058.)
said:
" Judging from the daily exhibitions in our streets
and the well-established repute amongtheirfemales,
virtue is an exception to tho general rule. Theybuy
and sell their women like cattle, and the trade is
mostly for the purposes of prostitution. That is
their character. You cannot make citizens of them.".
The honorable gentleman who said these
things was a Republican member of Congress;
but he had lived where he could judge fairly
of these people, and being an honest man he
judged them fairly.
The Evening Tribune of San Francisco, of
December 24, 1869, edited by a Republican
who is practical in his loyalty, says:
"Lot political knaves prate of principle and alle-
giance to party lines. What are they compared with
the futuro happiness and- welfare of our country,
which we cherish beyond all party ties 1 ~
we are imbued with Republican ideas are we to stand
idly by and let an evil take root and flourish in the
landdrenehed in loyal blood to wipe outthat cursed
blight, slavery? Are we, for fear of being excom-
municated from the Republican party, to stand mute
when right in oxir very midst there rancors and breeds
corruption that would undermine any monarchy or
Government the world ever saw? Who dares tell us
so ? What was African slavery, ruled and regulated
by law, compared with the gigantic evil that threat-
ens to overthrow what we fought for four long and
bloody years to maintain, an evil that is spreading
all over the country, that has blasted the fair fame
of our city, and carried thousands of its inhabitants
to untimely graves by foul disease, which is liable
any day to break out again, or be imported by slave
ships that sail unmolested into our harbor, reeking
with pestilence and filth, and loaded to the water's
edge with kidnapped coolies and Chinese prostitutes,
the former to take the place of honest labor, the
latter to corrupt the morals of our youths and breed
diseaso in its foulest forms 1 If any one doubts this
assertion let him look at the mechanics and laboring
men whose places are filled by moon-eyed Celestials,
working for less than half price in every workshop
and dwelling; or on the other hand go throughthe
purlieus of the city and penetrate if he can the dens
that are inhabited by the most totally depraved and
degraded creatures that ever cursed aeivilized com-
munity. If ho is not then convinced let him go to
the health office and there count the number whose
bones are bleaching in the rocky bosom of Lone
Mountain cemetery, laid there by the black plague
importod like all the rest from the " Flowery King-
dom. " If, then, he is notwilling to enlist in an army
to exterminate tho cause of all this evil, we have a
poor opinion of his loyalty or manhood,"
The Sacramento Bee, a Republican news-
paper, in speaking of this question, says ;
"Asthepublicpolicy and law justly holdscoolieism
to bo a species of slavery, and as the system of Chi-
nese prostitution is themost barefaced and shameful
offense against public morality, there are hardly any
measures of repression loss than absolute cruelty
that could be suggested which ought not to receive
the public approval. Coolieism the national law
alroady deals with, and it needs but to enforce that
vigorously.
The influx of Chinese women for purposes of pros-
titution we have before alluded to as a shame to tho
State, which ought to institute the most repressive
measures against it. .Mr.Mooneywillbe justified in
tho iuterost of morality and pride in our good name
if he can raise a stiff breeze, a spanking gale on the
subject. It makes tho soul revolt when is read the
announcement, as each steamer arrives from China,
that she brought so many hundred Chinese girls.
They constitute a systematized traffic for purposes
of prostitution, and are spreading licentiousness at
a fearful rate. The cheek of every Californian is
made to blush at the thought that this is aregularly
organized traffic in the State, carried on as publicly
and with as much regularity and calculation as any
other business."
Harper's Magazine for November, 1869, in
an article upon the Chinese, says:
"Authors of the compass, they creep from head-
land to headland in coasting voyages, never ventur-
ing to cross the ocean or to trust themselves for many
days out of sight of the shore. Discoverers of gun-
powder, they supply the world with fire-crackers
while their soldiers fight with bows and arrows,
woodonspears, and match-locks. Inventors of print-
ing, they have not yet advanced to tho use of
metallic type and the power-press, but continue to
engrave each page onablockof wood, and print itoff
by the use of a brush. Sufficiently versed in astron-
omy to calculate eclipses two thousand years before
the Christain era, they remain to this hour in tho
tetters of judicial astrology; and among the earliest
to make advance in chemical discovery, they are still
under tho full sway of alchemy and magic."
The San Francisco Chronicle, a Republican
newspaper, in its issue of December 5, 1869,
has an article upon the Chinese in that city,
which seems so truthful I must present it at
some length. It says:
"Each China steamer now brings consignments of
women destined to be placed in the market. The
manner in which they are landed from the steamers,
the close watch kept upon them by their owners, and
the immense excitement among the Chinese upon
tho arrival of each steamer, have been so completely
and fully given in tho columns of theChronicle. that
any repetition nowwould be tiresome. Within a few
hours after ths arrival of these importations tho
