1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
753
women are all absorbed into thegreat Chinese sponge,
and save two or three murders on Dupont street or
in some alley on Jackson, the arrival of the two or
three hundred women seems to produce no apparent
eflect.
"The various establishments which import these
females find but little trouble in getting rid of their
consignments at good prices. The particularly fine
portions of the cargo, the fresh and pretty females
who come from the interior, are used to fill special
orders from wealthy merchants and prosperous
tradesmen. A very considerable portion are sent
into the interior under charge of special agents, in
answer to demands from well-to-do miners or suc-
cessful vegetable producers.
"Another lot of the general importation offered to
the Chinese public are examined critically by those
desiring to purchase, and are sold to 'the trade' or to
individuals at rates ranging from $500 to $200 per
head, according to their youth, beauty, and attract-
iveness.
" The refuse generally consists of4 boat girls' and
those who come from the sea-board towns,where con-
tact with the white sailor reduces even the low stand-
ard of Chinese morals, and is sold to the proprietors of
the select brothels or used in the more interior dens
of prostitution under the immediate control of the
'swell' companies. Those who are afflicted with
disease, who suffer from incurable attacks of Asiatic
scrofula, or have the misfortune of possessing a bad
temper, are used in this last-mentioned manner."
Speaking of the female dens, the writer con-
tinues :
"All the windows are provided with a movable
pane, which is open, and through the sash we see
the expressionless face of some bedaubed harlot.
As we pass she raps upon the glass to attract atten-
tion, and in broken English invites us in.
"Poor thing 1 It is her trade, and unless she is
successtul, she receives the abuse of those who are
her masters, and who take from her all she earns.
She has no conception of the virtue of chastity ; she
has never been taught what virtue is, and does not
know the meaning of the vile, indecent expressions
with which she addresses us. She is aslave, andun-
knowingly obeys the Bible injunction, 'Servants,
obey your masters.'"
On the inhumanities and cruelties of the
Chinese the writer says:
" The officer has lighted his candle, foreverything
is dark, dismal, and depressing. We arrive at amiser-
able door not nfore than five feet high, which opens
into a room some nine feet in length and not so wide;
it is the hospital, where the decrepit &nd those dis-
eased past recovery are brought to die. The place is
loathsome in the extreme. On one side is a shelf four
feet in width and a yard above the dirty floor, upon
which are two old rice mats. There is not the first
suggestion of furniture in the room—no table, no
chairs or stools, nor any window through whichsomo
stray enterprising beam of suniightcould findadmit-
tance by day. The atmosphere was close, and seemed
clammy, deathlike, and impregnated with vapors of
disease and pestilence.
" And to this place are brought those women who
have become so infected with disease that they are
no longer money-making creatures, and have be-
come burdens upon the individuals or companies
who own them; and hero these poor creatures, de-
serted by both friends and owners, with no one to
turn to for help, nor any god to pray to for consola-
tion in their hour of distress, terminate theirmiser-
abie lives.
"When any of the unfortunate harlots are no longer
useful, and a Chinese physician passes his opinion
that her disease is incurable, she is notified that she
must die. She knows too well that protestations and
prayers are unavailing, and submits without a mur-
mur to her fate. Led by night to this hole of a
'hospital,' (how it gained this distinguished title
we do not know,) she is forced within the door and
made to lie down upon the shelf. A cup of water,
another of boiled rice, and a little metal oil-lamp
are placed by her side. The assassins pass out of the
death-cell, the heavy door is locked, and the unfor-
tunate creature is left to die alone. What agonies
the poor victims suffer in their lingering death no
one knows. The smothered shrieks of despair, the
dreadful moans with which weakened nature an-
nounces its sufferings, may be heard by those who
burrow in the immediate vicinity; but they either
pay no attention to them, or simply curse thevictim
in uncouth language as an annoyance.
" No one offers to interfere with the doomed one;
all know the law, and thero is notenough of charity
in the whole race to attempt to interfere with tho
dreadful edicts. After a few days tho lamp burns out,
the light f£ils for want of oil, the rice-cup and tho
water-cup are empty and dry, and the joss-sticks
which were lighted when the woman was brought
to the cell are nothing but charred splinters of bam-
boo. Those who have immediate charge ©t the estab-
lishment know how long the oil should last, and
when the limit is reached they return to the hos-
pital,' unbar the door, and enter that they may re-
move tho remains of the unhappy victim of man s
lust, of disease, and of unnatural custom. Generally
tho woman is dead, either by starvation or from her
own hand; but sometimes life is not extinct; the
spark yet remains when the ' doctors' enter; yet this
makes but little difference to them.
"They come for a corpse, and they never go away
without it. If tho victims be not already dead the
circumstance only delays the removal of the rem ains
a few minutes. Whenlthey enter tho woman is alive;
they soon come forth, bearing a body—only a body;
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 48.
the heart has ceased to beat; the breath comes and
goes no more; the soul has fled. How the deed is
done—whether blood is drawn, the victim strangled
or smothered—none, save those in the secret know.
The result is past dispute. Awoman—helpless, use-
less, without value to those who claim to own her—
is murdered, and this in the heart of a Christian
city. There may be a score of these 'hospitals' in
our midst as yet undiscovered. Those which have
been ferreted out by the police are now seldom or
never used; but that others exist and are in constant
use is more than probable."
What more evidence could any one wish as
to the Chinaman's degradation and beastli-
ness? If the authority quoted is legal tender
or worth a percentage corresponding in value
as nearly to truth as greenbacks do to coin, or
ii' it is possessed of ten per cent, of truth,
then it is clear that the Chinese are a degraded
and filthy people. And more, that their pres-
ence in our country is nauseating, sickening
to the heart of the lover of good order, good
morals, common decency, and the common
weal, a disgrace and a scandal to our people,
and a foul stain upon our country's history.
Notwithstanding all this, many able statesmen
advocate Chinese immigration and Chinese
equality.
On this side of the continent the Chinaman
finds his friends, excusers, and advocates mostly
among the class who preach the "universal
fatherhood of God and brotherhood of man."
This doctrine, they seem to think, compels
them to contend for Chinese equality, for his
absolute freedom to come to this country and
to be treated as we treat immigrants from other
countries. In California and on the Pacific
coast the enemies of the white man and the
friends of the Chinaman, for they are the same,
are comparatively few. And these are the
men who are making war upon labor—the
capitalists and monopolists. They can make it
to their immediate advantage to use Chinese
labor, while such labor is detrimental to thepeo-
ple at large. The Chinaman is employed much
cheaper than the white man, but the produc-
tions of his labor are but little if any cheaper
than the same productions of white labor. This
is so because owing to our facilities for speedy
and safe trausportion our markets are gov-
erned entirely by prices East.
If the capitalist employs $1,000,000 worth
of Chinese labor on productions that would
cost $2,000,000 in white labor, and which arc
worth $3,000,000 in the market, he makes
$2,000,000 where he should make but $1,000,-
000, and cheats the people out of $3,000,000,
insteadofmaking$1,000,OOOlegitimately. The
$1,000,000 paid to the Chinese laborers is
lost to us and commerce forever ; it is sent to
China, and the $2,000,000 profit may be used
as the $1,000,000—invested to cheat, oppress,
and rob the workingmen of the country of,
their heritage. If Chinese labor was equally
diffused over the whole country, then the pro-
ductions of labor would fall, or if any one
branch of industry which supplies the whole
country with its products should be monopo-
lized by Chinese labor, then, of course, such
products would be reduced in price. But such
productions would not bear a price proportion-
ate to tho cost of manufacture, but much
higher, for the simple reason that a higher and
more costly kind of labor would be the standard
by which all productions must be valued.
The reduction of wages in California cannot
benefit the people on this side of the continent.
Such reduction will hardly raise their wages or
increase the value of their productions. Unless
this is accomplished no advantage is gained
by Chinese immigration.
Suppose cheap labor in California with cheap
productions would be an advantaga—which I
deny—still I would oppose Chinese labor as a
curse in every form. But cheap Chinese labor
with high productions is injurious to the whole
country, certain ruin to California, and is the
beginning of a system of starvation and emi-
gration certain to depopulate our State unless
discouraged.
The employment of seventy-five thousand
Chinese displaces fifty thousand white citizens,
and compels them to leave the State or starve
and this, too, without benefiting a soul in the
land except the wealthy employer. It has been
ten thousand and more times repeated that we
are indebted to Chinaman for building our rail-
roads. Nonsense; Chinese-were employed in
great numbers in the building of the Central
Pacific road, it is true, but it should be recol-
lected that the Government paid enough for
that great work to have justified the employ-
ment of white labor. The Government saved
nothing; the people made-nothing; the build-
ers got rich; that is all. The Union Pacific
employed white labor; the road is built. We
owe the Chinaman nothing for his railroad
exploits. The presence of the Chinaman will
never give us one additional mile of railroad.'
In railroading the cost of construction is
nothing. Will it more than pay for running it
from its completion, and does it run through a
country that will justify the expectation that
its business will increase and be permanent?
These are the questions asked by capitalists.
This railroad business has been John's largest
stock in trade, and has been dwelt on until
all the great statesmen of the land can ring the
changes on his usefulness in railroad building
and in developing the resources of the country.
Bosh and buncombe are all such twaddle, how-
ever well it may be garnished with florid phrase-
ology. It is said by some that the Chinese
open up new avenues of industry, and do not
disturb the ordinary avocations of the white
man. I have heard of his opening up no new
avenues of useful industry. He works in
factories, makes shoes and cigars, keeps a
wash-house, is servant in a family sometimes,
saws wood, catches fish, works sometimes upon
a farm, works in the mines, and did work as a
grader on the Central Pacific railroad. Is this
opening up new avenues of industry ? No ;
John will never add another to our useful
industries ; he knows of nothing to add.
Is it not an admitted fact that to cheapen
labor is to degrade it? That labor among the
useful industries is generally considered the
most honorable which yields the largest re-
turn ; the country paying the highest wages
honors its laborers most and has the most
elevated class of laborers.
Man's happiness to some extent depends
upon his ability .to accumulate property, upon
his prosperity ; and will he not prosper most
where he makes most by his labor ?
For many centuries, ever since the first
apple reddened and ripened in the garden of
Eden, and Adam said to Eve, "let me'bite
your apple," this has been supposed to be the
case ; for as soon as a man knew he could do
better, that is, make more, by leaving his own
he went to another country if he could.
We cannot cheapen our own so as to under-
mine all the balance of the labor of the world
and furnish it with all of its supplies of every
nature. Neither is this desirable; for if such a
result should degrade the individual laborer,
it would degrade a large majority of our pop-
ulation and be a curse instead of a blessing.
The well-informed, industrious, thrifty, honor-
able laboring men of California are the pride
of the State. As a fair illustration of the char-
acter of men engaged in mining in our State,
I can say I know a company in my neighbor-
hood composed of some dozen men or more,
all of whom are educated, and three of whomare
fine classical scholars, fit for the highest profes-
sorships and equal to any three men in the Con-
gress of the United States. These are the kind
of laboring men we have ; this kind we intend
to protect, encourage, and defend to the last.
We have many things to be proud of, but
our greatest pride is in the knowledge that our
laborers are not inferior to 'any equal number
of men in any part of the world. We do not
wish to reduce their wages now; that reduc-
tion will come when it ought to come. Time
and commerce will to some extent equ&lizo
labor between California and the East.
