754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
Above all things spare us the curse of Chi-
nese labor; we fear and detest it. If I know
any thing in this world it is that cheap labor is
not a blessing, and that it will never develop the
resources of our country, but on the contrary
will prevent a development of its resources.
It is because there is great profit in labor in
this country that we have grown beyond pre-
cedents furnished by other nations. The value
of labor being great has brought into existence
every useful invention perfected in the United
States for the last fifty years.
High labor is productive labor; labor's prod-
ucts is wealth. Cheap labor is unproductive
labor; unproductive labor is poverty and mis-
ery. High labor stimulates inventions, pro-
motes industry, stimulates commerce, makes
the people prosperous, happy, and great.
Cheap labor will never make more than it
needs, to live on. Then, when we consider the
amount of land in this country, and that any
one can obtain a patch, we may be certain that
as soon as the time comes when the artisan
and- the factory operative can no more than
support themselves the shops and factories will
cease to exist. People will not work a whole
year or a whole life just for their bread when
they can make the same living by laboring fifty
days each year and at the same time be free
and independent. Cheapen labor to develop
the resources of the country, and its resources
are rendered less valuable in proportion to the
reduction.
Whatever resources we have developed or
may develop must keep even pace with labor.
Cheap labor, unless everything else is brought
down with it, would be so manifestly unjust to
the laboring classes that no one would advo-
cate it for a moment. Cheapen labor to a
Chinese standard and you cheapen everything
else to a Chinese standard. Say upon an
average a laboring man supports himself and
lays up $100 a year at present; bring down
everything to the "developing" point, Chinese
standard, then the laboring man can put by
eight to ten dollars by strict economy.
This would make us a happy people.- Taking
this view, when I reflect that every Chinaman
who is brought to this country, voluntarily or
otherwise, is liable to have the ballot placed
in his bands I look upon his coming with hor-
ror. If thero is the slightest danger of the
Chinaman's becoming a voter how can a true
lover of his country meet him with welcome ?
Is there no danger? Let us see. A majority
of both Houses of Congress have committed
themselves to the advocacy of free Chinese
immigration and Chinese citizenship.
Senator Cole, whose great influence is only
exceeded by his ability, in a printed letter,
dated October 30, 1809, says:
" Such as have come, contributed largely to the
development of the western portion of the United
States, and in the account, of benefits rendered and
received areyet entitled to considerable crodii. That
a number large enough or a class bad enough wiil
ever cross the Pacific to our shores to change the
account is not at alt probable. They are too iond ot
home; the. distance is too great; it costs too ranch ;
the means of transportation are too limited, and tho
inducements are growing less and less day by day.
We havo as yet no occasion to repel them glowing
out of political or other reasons. When our waters
are vexed- by Asiatic junks freighted with people
intended to overthrow and destroy our institutions
it will be time enough to complain of their coming.
But while we bring in our own ships a people who
build railroads, cultivate our waste places, and direct
our machinery wo ought neither to complain of the
individuals who bring them nor of the people that
arc brought.
" Every nation has the right, and is justifiable in
exercising that right, to warn off from its shores and
even eject from its borders all vile, corrupting, and
degenerate people, like paupers and criminals and
persons infected with contagious disease, But the
exercise of this discretion is a very different, thing
from the indiscriminate exclusion of a whole people,
and particularly of a people who as a rule are indus-
trious, ingenious, and frugal. We successfully dis-
puted tho right of the Governments of China and
Japan to establish any such policy tor themselves,
although the reason in their case was much stronger
than in ours: for those countries were already full
even to overflowing with population, while ours is
comparatively unoccupied. In theirs no room was
left for immigration, but the unclaimed territory of
the New World is almost without limit.
" Having broken over the Chinese wall and pene-
trated the ports of Japan, we should not now wall
ourselves in and s'nutonr ports againstthose people.
To adopt the selfish and exclusive policy which was
so much despised in them woul'd. be on our part
extremely inconsistent. It would justly call down
upon our own heads all the maledictions which we
have in the past heaped upon theirs, and mueh.be-
sides, for we are supposed to be not only more liberal
and more just, but wo have an abundance of room
and ample occupation for all that can come.
"Tho groat trepidation that has lately seized upon
the Christian world on accouut of tho appearance of
a few Chinamen in California has, I trust, about run
its course."
Just where Chinamen have assisted to de-
velop the western portion of the United States
I am unable to say ; but I do know they have
not assisted to develop California in any man-
ner whatever. On tho contrarj', they have re-
tarded its growth and crippled its prosperity,
poisoned its waters, polluted its soil, and sowed
pestilence in its otherwise pure air.
The distinguished Senator thinks it time
enough to repel this immigration when a vast
army of Asiatics are vexing our waters with their
junks, threatening to overthrow and destroy
our institutions. I am sorry to differ with the
honorable Senator, but I think it would then
be too late.
Bat I will only present his letter, without
taking time for criticism.
I must also most respectfully differ from other
views expressed by the distinguished Senator.
He was "interviewed" on the night of the 29 th
of December last—mark the date, for it will
doubtless appear in the list of notable events
in next year's almanac—yes, on that particular
night of that particular day, both night and
day made particularly memorable by that par-
ticular event, the distinguished Senator was
most soundly and thoroughly interviewed by
one of the National Intelligencer's reporters,
and the result of it all 1 will give in part as it
appeared in print:
" Is tho Chinese immigration increasing, Sen-
ator ?
" No. The vessels now carry back about as many
as they bring."
In this the honorable Senator is mistaken,
for he says in the next answer but one :
"Is not the cost of tho voyage growing less and
tho faciliiy of the Pacific coast increasing ?
"Yes, on sailing vessels tho fare is low. and the
Paeitio mail, a splendid line of steamers, is about to
run steamers twice a month instead of once."
The fare is low on sailing vessels, and the
steamer lino is to double its service. Why?
Simply because the present service is not ade-
quate to the demand.
" What has checked immigration at present?
" I have thought that reports of outrages commit-
ted on them mighthavo reached China and deterred
emigrants.
" Have they deserved attack ?
"No; thoyaie peaceful, docile, obedient as ser-
vants, industrious, and saving. All they ask is to bo
let alone and treated with simple justice."
" J)o Amei-icans assail them ?
" I havo never heard of such a caso. Their assail-
ants arc foreigners, commonly Irisli, and encour-
aged by the priests, who stigmatize the Chinese as
heathens. Theii moials, though, seem to mo as good
us those of average Christian communities.
"Are they not thievish and treacherous?
" Not at all. 'L'hey are employed in nearly every
family in California, and arc found trustworthy."
I need not repel this slander of our Irish
citizens, or try to wipe away the foul stain with
which the honorable Senator would spot the
pure robes of the Catholic priesthood. No ;
for the stain has not attached, and the foul
blot has gone back to rest whence it came.
But I beg pardon ; let the interview proceed.
" Is their testimony admitted in courts, or is it too
unreliable?
" State laws shut it out, but the fourteenth amend-
ment admits it. Two Americans were lately con-
victed in San Francisco on Chinese evidence ; this,
too, not of the merchants, who are often very fine
men, but of ordinary laborers. There is no real
obj ection to admitting their testimony; it can be
sifted in court like any other."
Ah, yes! I see. The fourteenth amendment
makes the Chinaman a good witness in court.
May be so. But I recollect well the Senator's
friends in California have heretofore found it
quite to their interest to construe the four-
teenth amendment differently. Now, however,
it is contended that the fourteenth amendment
puts all foreigners on an equality; that it breaks
down the statutory restrictions upon John's
entry into court as a witness, by making his
rights equal to the rights of other foreigners.
If this -position is true, John cannot only
swear, but demand all other privileges, be
naturalized, and vote. The honorable Senator
thinks there is no objections to their testifying
in court. I think there are ten thousand
objections to giving them this privilege; but
the chief objection is that they will not tell the
truth and have no regard for a judicial oath
whatever. Under proper restrictions they
might testify, but without corroboration their
evidence should be worth nothing, and no
white man should ever be convicted, fined, or
adjudged to pay, upon Chinese testimony alone
and unsupported.
But I am delaying the interview again, when
it is quite important to let it go on. Let it go:
"Would they use the suffrage well, and would it
benefit them ?
" They scarcely desire it; but they know their own
interests well, and would vote accordingly. No man
or party that opposes them would get their votes.
The idea th at they could be imported and voted by tho
thousand is absurd. They would vote as intelli-
gently as most foreigners, or as a large part of the
negroes.
"Yon, alone, Mr. Cole, of the four Pacific coast.
Senators, voted for the fifteenth amendment. Did
you understand that it included the Chinese on the
same terms as other naturalized citizens ?
"Yes; but I think few will naturalize.
"Will the ballot secure'them more justice than
they now get?
" Yes; it will do that for any class."
The honorable Senator voted for the fifteenth
amendment believing it would give the China-
man the right to vote on the same terms with
other foreigners, but thought few would nat-
uralize. Still, he thinks the ballot would secure
him more justice; that he knows what lie is
about; will vote for his friends, and is '' up
to snuff" generally.
Another gentleman, Choy-Chew, aSanFran-
cisco merchant, sent over here to create a
sensation, was interviewed in New York last
summer. Mr. Chew, the distinguished for-
eigner, says, speaking of his own race:
"They will, it is to be supposed, take part in pol-
itics, and it may yet come to pass that a gentleman
with a Chinese name may fill the office of President
of the Republic. In regard to the treatment of oar
people generally 1 must say it has not been of the
best; but I exonerate the Americans from the charge
of cruelty though not from that oflegaliKed injustice
toward the poor laboring Chinese. .
"The Irishman would not treat-the Chinaman
as he does if it were not for the mischievous poli-
ticians that mislead him. Some of these dema-
gogues appeal in tho worst possible terms to the pas-
sions of an Irish crowd, saying that Chinamen will
run them out of the country; that if they get the
rights of citizens there wiil be no rights left for the
Irishman; and thus the poor Chinaman, having no
voice either in the press or on the rostrum, is un-
mercifully misjudged and treated like a very inferior
kind of animal.
"Will this tide of emigration from China con-
tinue to increase?"
"I think so. California will absorb several mil-
lion Chinese before ten years."
Choy Chew thinks wo are yet to . have a
Chinaman for President, and thinks California
will absorb several million Chinese within ten
years. I hope the people will it otherwise ;
therefore I must differ from Choy fully as much
if not precisely the same as I do from the hon-
orable Senator. Still, if we continue as here-
tofore and progress downward in onr course
of elevation we may yet have a President who
is a "perfect Chinaman." Should not wonder.
The fact is we of the Pacific have more than
enough of Chinese, and will have no more if
we can help it. We would gladly get rid of
those we have were it possible, but as it is not
we propose to treat them with humanity.
Were we permitted to cut the tide of immi-
gration now entering at the Golden Gate, and
turn back those who have not actually entered,
we could without much detriment to the State
manage those we have among us. But the
several millions mentioned by Choy Chew
would mako our country ten thousand times
worse than a desolation. No white man would
or could live in the State.
