756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
is sufficient to make me oppose iiis free immi-
gration and retard his coming as much as pos-
sible, even if I could give no other reason for
doing so. The fanciful doctrine, of universal
suffrage is entirely without merit, in my judg-
ment, unless we have with it fraternity, virtue,
and iove ; intelligence, education, and patriot-
ism. If it is not dangerous to give the pagan
hordes of China—of all Asia if you please—
the ballot in our country, why was it we un-
dertook the education of the black man to fit
him for a voter? If ho was a good and qual-
ified voter without, why waste the people's
money to educate him ?
Is the Hottentot and cannibal and the China-
man qualified to sit in Congress and enact laws;
to sit on the bench and dispense justice accord-
ing to the forms of law; to wisely select from
among themselves persons proper for these
offices? Certainly not; else why try to ad-
vance them ? It will not do to say they are now
qualified, but that education will give them
additional qualifications; for if they are not
qualified to vote understandingly, to vote
right, they are not qualified at all. If it be
true that our civilization is better than their
barbarism, then they are unfit for self-gov-
ernment, at least we are safer to keep it from
them. The ideas these people have of gov-
ernment, their hatred of our race and institu-
tions, make them a thousand times more dan-
gerous as voters than would be so many wild
beasts. The wild beast would vote at random,
like the Hottentot and cannibal; but the China-
man, if he could, would always vote against
the interest of the white man.
If the Hottentot, the cannibal from the jun-
gles of Africa, the West India negro, the wild
indian, and the Chinaman are to become a
ruling element in this country, then call your
ministers from abroad, bring your missionaries
home, tear down your school-houses, convert
your churches into dens and brothels, wherein
our young may receive fatal lessons to end in
rotting bones, decaying and putrid flesh, poi-
soned blood, leprous bodies, and leprous souls.
If well-rewarded labor does not stimulate
labor; if high wages does not stimulate useful
inventions and promote prosperity and advance
us in civilization, then bring in the China-
man and hurry up with your reduction, for the
reverse of these are true. If intelligence, edu-
cation, religion, civilization, or any of these,
add to the qualification of a voter, then bring
in the Chinaman.
Now mark me as I conclude, you will never
enfranchise the Chinaman, no matter how many
laws to that effect you pass ; neither will you
degrade California and the Pacific coast by
passing a Chinese civil rights bill, authorizing
the maintenance of a fleet of ships and army of
men to set the Chinaman above or on a level
with our people.
I threaten nothing, but I know California ;
and I know the Army and Navy is too small
to protect the Chinese as voters in that State.
foreign relations.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I had desired to
address some remarks to the House on the
subject of our foreign relations. I shall not
trouble the House now, but ask leave to have
these remarks printed in the Globe.
Leave was accordingly granted.
[The speech will be found in the Appendix.]
uioht of representation.
Mr. HEATON. Mr. Speaker, at this ex-
traordinary period in the progress of our civil
and political history the subject of a readjust-
ment of popular representation in Congress is
one that conccrns every locality and deeply
interests every citizen of the Republic. For
the ninth time since the Government was put
in practical operation we are about to inaugu-
rate the interesting and highly important pro-
cess of ascertaining as correctly as possible
the actual number of inhabitants within the
States and Territories of the United States.
If on similar occasions heretofore the public
mind has been awakened on account of the
probable results connected with the taking of
a new census, how much more, in the opinion
of every reflecting person, must that interest
be enhanced when we take into consideration
the wonderful events transpiring in our country
within the last ten years. The change "in the
physical condition of the country has been so
rapid and extensive as to arrest the attention
of the civilized world. The locomotive, or in
popular parlance the "iron horse," no longer
halts in its fiery course upon the eastern bank
of the Mississippi, but starting on the eastern
shore of the Atlantic is in full view of the Pacific
by the time a week has intervened.
Distance has been practically annihilated by
the amazing power of steam and machinery,
and to-day, with inconsiderable exceptions, we
are practically in full possession and occupancy
of every locality and section of our wide-spread
country. Great rivers, dense forests, almost
interminable plains and formidable mountain
ranges no longer hold in check the progress of
internal commerce or retard the steady and
e ver-onward movements of civil ization and pop-
ulation. The Government, through its vast
power and magic touch, has eradicated old sys-
tems and given a new complexion to political
affairs. Free labor erects its stately and ma-
jestic form, and to the furthest extremity of
the Republic no human being can be called a
slave. Nearly four millions ofthe human race,
through the results attending the most form-
idable conflict of ancient or modern times, have
been elevated from a position of absolute
servitude to the elevated place of American
citizenship.
This vast throng of the children of a common
parent is no longer to be subject to the anom-
alous but arbitrary rule of having only a portion
of their number counted as " three fifths of all
other persons;" but all, under the redeeming
spirit of emancipation, are destined to be enum -
erated as freeman. Should any State have it
in her power to commit the strange and sad
mistake of dwarfing her representation in Con-
gress, by denying to any portion of this enfran-
chised race their proper place in the basis of
representation, coming events indicate with
the unerring certainty of fate that an article
will be ingrafted in the organic law of the
Union extinguishing the last vestige of all such
anti-republican distinctions. The gratifying
as well as the really grand spectacle is there-
fore about to be presented of lending a far
greater interest to the ninth census than any
preceding it, from the fact that the whole peo-
ple of the Uniteft States are aboutto be enum-
erated for the first time without regard to race,
color, or any "previous condition of slavery."
In this matter of enumeration and rearrange-
ment of representation it will really be the
first time republicanism has been true to itself
by asserting its legitimate sway and rightful
destiny.
Eighty years seems like a long period in a
republic to give practical illustration to the
doctrine of apportioning representation among
the several States "according to their respect-
ive numbers." When the illustrious men of
1787, however, framed the Constitution they
acted in accordance with the clearest lights
before them, and gave us the best and most
liberal system of government it seemed morally
possible for them to conceive under the pecu-
liar circumstances by which they were sur-
rounded. Had not a pure and elevated spirit
of patriotism pervaded the Convention, that
" awful spectacle" to which Hamilton alludes
in the Federalist would have been presented
of " a nation without a national Government."
Whatever may have been, however, the true
construction of the Constitution at the close
of the eighth decade on the subject of repre-
sentation in the popular branch of the national
Legislature, a radical change in the funda-
mental law now provides a rule so plain and
specific on the subject as seemingly to be exempt
from all misconception. The events of the late
civil war, which shook the country fiom center
to circumference, not only changed the woik-
ing of the Constitution, but.tptally altered the
political status of millions of people. To that
Constitution as it novy is and as it now stands
and a3 we have sworn to support it we may
repair, not only for a dear and distinct rule as
to the distribution of representation among the
several States, but as to our paramount duty at
this particular juncture in public affairs.
If the present Congress did fail during its
limited session last spring to provide by a
proper enactment for the redistribution of rep-
resentation so as to apply to the Forty;Second
Congress, so much the more imperative and
weighty is the duty resting upon us now to
satisfy the reasonable expectations of the peo-
ple and meet the ends of justice. The plea
that there will not be sufficient time in which
to properly elect a new Congress upon the
plan of a new and just basis of representa-
tion is surely stripped of all force when the
length of time is considered as intervening
before the new Congress will assemble and
the period when the new basis is or obviously
can be declared.
It should he kept in mind that according to
the bill which has already passed the House,
and which in some proper form in all proba-
bility will pass the Senate, the ninth census is to
be completed by the 1st day of July next. So
complete, so full and thorough do the arrange-
ments appear to be made in the new bill, espe-
cially for ascertaining the numerical strength
of the States, that the Secretary of the Interior,
as the executive officer of the law in this case,
can ascertain in thirty days after the comple-
tion of the census all the facts necessary upon
which to make a new, correct, and equitable
apportionment of Representatives among the
several States of the Union. What sufficient
reason can be offered why any more time than
this should be consumed, when the data and
the facts material in the premises are all before
the proper ministerial officer?
Is it not very reasonable to conclude that
were it known by superintendents and enumer-
ators that an event so important as a redistri-
bution of Representatives among the people was
intended to soon follow the consummation of
their work a powerful incentive would not only
be given to complete the duty thoroughly and
correctly, but to have it all ended and ready at
the time required? WhenI speak of thirty days
as sufficient time in which to determine the
matter of representative apportionment, I mean
to include within this period the certifying of
results by the Secretary of the Interior to the
President, and the issuing by the President of
the necessary proclamation to the different
States.
1 f I am correct in concluding that all these
necessary preliminary steps can be taken by
the 1st day of August next—and of this I think
there need not bo a doubt—the long interim
of seven months will exist imvhich thedifferent
States can prepare for electing and actually
elect now members for the Forty-Second Con-
gress, commencing on tho 4th of March, 1871.
In connection with this part of the subject
it might be well to keep in view the very im-
portant bill introduced by the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
entitled "A bill to fix the time for the elec-
tion of Representatives and Delegates in the
Congress of the United States." This bill is
of vast merit, and must, on examination, meet
with increasing favor, from the fact that it
proposes a particular day for the election of
members throughout the States and Delegates
in the Territories. It also proposes that the
next election for such members and Delegates
shall take place on the Tuesday next after the
first Monday in November in the year 1870.
The establishment of a uniform rule of this
kind would effectually shut the door against
those frauds that often disgrace our popular
elections, while its inauguration at the date
proposed would be a fresh incentive to a redis-
