758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
In Spain,the lower branch contains three hun-
dred and fifty members, while the ratio of
representation is only 35,000.
These, as well as other examples contained
in the table, go to demonstrate that when sev-
eral of the older empires, monarchies, and
kingdoms of Europe fin.d it safe and expedient
to have a large representation, and in some
instances a remarkably small ratio, that a great
Republic like ours can and ought at least to in-
creaseherrepresentation in tha popular branch
to a very, considerable extent.
If there is any one problem that has been
clearly solved in this country it is that our
people are eminently capable of self-govern-
ment. All the gloomy speculations and fore-
bodings on this subject of doubting theorists
and real enemies of republicanism have been
effectually exploded. No monarchy on earth
could ever have survived such a formidable
shock as that of the late great rebellion. The
complete and splendid triumph of the Govern-
ment in that conflict furnished abundant proof
that republicanism, founded upon the consent
and will of the people, is intrinsically stronger
than monarchy or despotism. Where the peo-
ple thus absolutely govern and rule the rep-
resentative should be brought in close and
familiar contact with the constituent. Just in
proportion as we limit representation we de-
part from the true theory of a Republican sys-
tem. One of the soundest and truest maxims
laid down in the Declaration of Independence
was that "Governments derive their just pow-
ers from the consent of the governed."
The time is now at hand for a more full and
complete practical application of this doctrine
than at any former period in our history. In
its exemplification by an early and very mate-
rial enlargement of representation I believe is
involved to a vast extent the future progress,
real prosperity of the country. All arguments
and objections to the effect that this necessary
and positively just increase in representation
will add to the expenditures of the Govern-
ment I regard as narrow and fallacious. The
right of representation is too dear and too
sacred in the estimation of a great and free
people to be put in one scale and dollars and
cents in another. While it is true the most
rigid economy should be enforced in the admin-
istration of our governmental affairs, the great
mass of the people are much more likely to
heartily approve than condemn when ample
means are provided for them to participate in
the benefits of government.
I am not absolutely certain the State I
have the honor in part to represent would gain
more than one in the number of Representa-
tives under a new apportionment. I confi-
dently believe, however, she would gain two,
and probably three; but whether correct or
not in this belief, I regard it as a duty to insist
upon a new apportionment. The South alto-
gether would gain eighteen or twenty mem-
bers when the great work of reconstruction
vvas completed. That North Carolina would
be greatly benefited in this enlargement of
political power and privileges there can be no
doubt. That this additional political strength
is greatly needed now on this floor in determ-
ining questions of vast financial interest to
every southern State as well as the entire
country must be frankly acknowledged.
On the important subjcct of a redistribution
of the national currency the South and West
are interested alike. To procure what is proper
in this regard votes are necessary in this Hall;
J do not mean for the purpose of forcing or
compelling the adoption of measures, but to
obtain in the natural and ordinary course of
legislation such pecuniary benefits as fairness
and justice seem to demand. The very limited
share of currency as at present apportioned
among the nine cotton States of the South is
a matter that cannot fail to arrest the atten-
tion of every nnprejudiced observer. The fol-
lowing table in relation to national banks and
currency is compiled from competent and
reliable authority, dated September 00, 1809.
The figures do not vary much from those of the
same date in 1807-1803:
Whole number of na-
tional banks in tho r ■Cirndatum.
United States and ^'cuiatwn.
Territories 1,617 $426,399,151 $292,593,645
The cotton States... 09 7,612,350 4,731,042
Remainder of tho
country 1,578 418,786,801 288,862,003
Circulation,
Population of the whole country esti- per captia.
mated 38,422,995 S7 64.1
Population in cotton States.... 7.793,246 0 60.7
Population remainder of the
country 30,629,650 9 43.8
The cotton States are North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, Arkan-
sas, Mississippi,Louisiana, Texas, nine States;
Florida, which has no national bank,but a popu-
lation of 126,100 ; which is added to that of the
nine States. The city of Providence, Rhode
Island, has twenty-five national banks, with a
capital of $15,040,800, and a circulation of
$8,872,035, being more than double the capital
and nearly double the circulation of the cotton
States.
The amount of $9 43.8 being distributed to
each person outside of the nine cotton States
as compared with sixty cents and seven mills
to each person within those States is surely not
calculated to produce satisfaction for any great
length of time, especially if reconstruction is
to be regarded as a sober reality.
I utterly deny, however, speaking in any nar-
row or sectional sense upon this subject. Tho
time for the exhibition of any such feeling has
passed; gone forever as I hope and believe.
As to the power of Congress under the Constitu-
tion to provide for the apportionment of Rep-
resentatives so as to apply to the Forty-Second
Congress, I do not entertain a doubt. I am
aware that arguments have been made tending
to dispute the rightful exercise of any such
power only at the end of each decade, every
ten years. The Constitution declares :
" The actual euumoration shall bo made within
three yoars after tho first meeting of theCongress of
the United States, and within every subsequent term
of ton years, in such manner as they shall by law
direct."
That potent and comprehensive word " with-
in" as used in tho original text of tho Constitu-
tion certainly meets with irresistible force all
speculations and doubts as to the complete au-
thority of Congress over the subject. The most
approved lexicons give to the word peculiar
force and significance. It was evidently meant
by the framers of the Constitution that Con-
gress should not go beyond ten years in mak-
ing provision for this important event, but that
the same should be performed within that
period. It appears, then, that the taking of a
census and the following of the same by a
reapportionment of Representatives was all
intended to be within the term of ten years.
This position is entirely consistent with the
true basis and theory of our institutions. The
opposite practice or theory comes in positive
antagonism with the representative principle.
So important is it that every State should have
the number of Representatives she is entitled
to by virtue of her numerical strength that
Congress has been clothed with a wise dis-
cretionary power to make a redistribution at
such time within ten years as may seem to be
demanded by the exigencies of the case.
That Congress has repeatedly exercised a
broad discretion in this matter there can be
no dispute. The general apportionment of
March 7, 1822, gave to Alabama two Repre-
sentatives only, and yet a special act was
passed January 14, 1823, giving her an addi-
tional member upon more satisfactory inform-
ation as to the number of her inhabitants.
The act of June 15, 1836, for the admis-
sion of Michigan provided that when the
people of that State complied with certain
fundamental conditions the President was to
announce the same by proclamation,and there-
upon, without further action of Congress, " the
Senators and Representatives who had been
elected by the said State" should be entitled
to take their seats withotrt further delay;
nothing whatever appearing in the statutes to
indicate the number of Representatives.
The act of September 9, 1850, admits Cali-
fornia to the Union with two Representatives
until the next apportionment. Before that
time the seventh census was taken, pursuant to
the act of May 23, 1850, and California de-
clared by virtue of her ascertained numbers to
be still entitled to two, and only two Repre-
sentatives ; and yet Congress thought proper,
two years subsequent, by act of June 2, 1852,
for reasons appearing in the body of the act,
to accord to her one additional Representative
in the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
And, as if to crown this discretionary author-
ity with some act more significant if possible
than all others, Congress did on the 4th day
of March, 1856, almost at the middle of a regu-
lar decade, increase the number of Represent-
atives from two hundred and thirty-three to
two hundred and forty-one, giving to Pennsyl-
vania, Ohio, Kentucky, Illinois, Iowa, Minne-
sota, Vermont, and Rhode Island each one
additional Representative, to which they were
not entitled by the general law of May 3,1850.
To this repeated exercise of discretionary
power on the part of Congress we can point
as an unanswerable argument against all specu-
lations as to a want of authority to move in the
redistribution of Representatives only at the
the close of a regular decade of ten years.
It is useless to attempt to conceal, even if
so disposed, that a reapportionment of Repre-
sentatives on the basis proposed will ultimately
confer upon the South great political benefits.
The reconstructed States will share in these
blessings and benefits as soon as the plan is
fairly consummated. And I now submit the
question, whether all the additional represent-
ation these States will be found entitled to,
whose relations with the General Government
have been fully established according to the
terms of the reconstruction acts of Congress,
should not be conferred at the earliest practi-
cable moment?
If doubts and prejudices still linger with hon-
orable members on account of the late war,
tending to put off and jeopardize the success
of any and all plans for a reapportionment of
Representatives I trust such feelings may soon
be eradicated. The defeat of a fair and liberal
plan for giving to each State its proper share
of representation I should regard under all
the circumstances as a public calamity. Un-
fortunately for the permanent peace and repose
of the country some event will now and then
occur in one or more of the reconstructed States
which being often distorted has the effect for
the time being to awaken distrust and arouse
into new life those prejudices we had fondly
hoped were entombed forever. After a careful
survey, however, of the situation generally in
the South I am convinced that these disturbing
events are exceptions to the general rule. In
the face of all speculations and forebodings of
a doubtful and gloomy character a brighter
and better day is certain to dawn throughout
the South. The changc within the past few
years in many vital respects has been amazing
and wonderful. Let considerate and reflect-
ing men in all sections mark well the progress
of events.
Think of the astounding fact that a pecu-
liar institution—slavery—which had become
so deeply imbedded as to flourish and expand
for several long generations, has been so
thoroughly and effectually expunged that were
even an attempt made in any habitable local-
ity of the South to sell at public auction the
poorest and humblest of the colored race it
would awaken a sensation so deep as almost
to result in civil convulsion.
There need exist no more apprehensions of
another rebellion iu the South. Ages will pass
away before anything of the kind will again be
attempted. In fact no serious thought of a
repetition of rebellion will ever again be euter-
