1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
tained so long as our present form of govern-
ment continues to exist. The South has had
enough of bloody and implacable civil war,
and 1 am sure there is not even a lingering
desire for tie reenactment of its tragical scenes
in the North.
■ In fact the widespread aversion existing in
the North to another war of a civil character
may, in spite of all conjectures to the con-
trary, be regarded as indicative of the same
feeling generally prevailing in the South.
" Here and there may be found a small number
who would again willingly kindle the lurid lights
of domestic strife, but I believe I can assert
with entire truth that no one who has any real
regard for his own reputation and the peace
and security of society would for a moment
adyocate a return of the conflict which has
passed.
Reconstruction has to a vast extent become
a practical reality. Large additions are con-
stantly being made to the number who fully
and honestly accept the situation. The final
ratification of the fifteenth amendment is ex-
pected by a vast majority in the South. Thou-
sands who are and have been opposed on prin-
ciple to the adoption of this amendment at
least agree that if the colored man is per-
mitted to vote in the reconstructed States there
seems to be no consistency in withholding
from him this great boon in the North.
To judge more clearly of what has been ac-
complished and what is likely to be effected in
the way of substantial reconstruction one has
but to examine and study the constitutions of
the several reconstructed States. They will be
found in many essential particulars to be more
truly republican in form and theory than many
of the constitutions of the northern States.
They have advanced in all the guarantees of
civil rights and personal liberty with the
changes made in our national Constitution ; in
some respects even further. One cannot but
be impressed that the period is not distant when
several of the northern States, in order to keep
- pace with the advancing and irresistible tide of
a healthy progress, will be under the necessity
of making material changes in their organic
systems.
While I have no intention of drawing dis-
agreeable distinctions, I desire to point to some
of the important provisions contained in the
bill of rights of the constitution of North Caro-
lina. They stand out in bold relief as an em-
phatic expression of the will of the people on
subjects not only interesting to the State but
of vital concern to the whole country. These
provisions are as follows:
"Skctton- 1. That wo hold it to be self-evident that
all men are created equal; that they are endowed by
their Creator with certain unalienable lights; t.iat
among these are life, liberty, the enjoyment of i.he
traits of their own labor, and tho pursuit ot liappi-
5iC" Sec. 4. That this State shall ever remain a mem-
ber of the American Union; that the people thcrcot
are part of the American nation; that there is no
right on the part of this State to secede, aud that all
attempts from whatever source or upon whatever
pretext to dissolve said Union or to sever said na-
tion ought to be resisted with tho whole power ot
t!l° Spc^'. That every citizen of this State owes par-
amount allegiance to tho Constitution and Uovein-
inent of tho United States, and that no law or oidi-
nance of the Stato in contravention or subversion
thereof can have any binding forcc. " * ,
"Sec. 16. There shall be no imprisonment tor deot
in this State, except in eases of fraud." - . J ''
" q,v. 07 'jhe people have a ngnr, to the privilege
of education, and it is the duty of the Stato to guard
and maintain that right,'
On the great question of the rights of man
the language of the Declaration of Independ-
ence is used. On the subject of paramount
allegiance to the Constitution and Government
of the United States and in positive reprobation
of the great evil of secession the language is as
distinct and emphatic as could be required by
any earnest patriot. Imprisonment tor debt,
bein" held as a "relic of barbarism." is de-
nounced, while education is regarded an one
of the sacred rights of the people.
I call attention to these points to show that
notwithstanding the feeling of distrust, that
sometimes prevails among our friends in the
North great changes have been made in almost
every matter connected with progress and good
government. Prejudice, that terrible enemy
of true advancement and development, is un-
doubtedly melting away. Under the wise policy
that has been inaugurated by the present dis-
tinguished Chief Magistrate, of administering
the Government upon the magnanimous idea of
" malice toward none and charity for all," the
bonds of our national Union are steadily but
with unerring certainty growing in strength aud
power. The South, though scourged and deso-
lated to a great extent by the direful ravages of
civil war, is destined to rise from her ashes like
the fabled phenix and yet present the most
solid and attractive allurements ever held out
to inquisitive or civilized man. Thousands are
finding there is something more substantial than
simply a fanciful or poetical sentiment to be
attached to the popular phrase " the Sunny
South." Astimeadvances, thecountrybecomes
composed, and the blessings of peace extend
their benignant and gentle sway, immigration
is sure to tend in the direction of the orange
and the palmetto.
The scroll so gracefully extended over the
large allegorical painting near the west end of
this Hall may yet require the substitution of a
more appropriate motto than it now bears.
Tho West must look well to her laurels or this
motto may yetbe changed so as to read " South-
ward the course of empire takes its way."
The great southern staple of cotton is yet des'
tined to play a new and more important part
than ever in the commercial affairs of our coun-
try. The operations connected with this prod-
uct being now based upon the granite and
enduring rook of free labor instead of having
their origin in the toil of the bondman, are cal-
culated to reinvest the valuable article with the
old title, but written in more enduring forms,
that " Cotton is king."
These things, in connection with the tre-
mendous advantages of climate, now give to
the South attractions never heretofore enjoyed,
and, in fact, scarcely ever conceived of in our
history. The causes that have heretofore un-
foitunately repelled hundreds of thousands of
enterprising people from settling in the South
are now obliterated for all time. Along with
an energetic and profitable tide of immigration
is destined to go an immense amount of capi-
tal, for the very solid and natural reason that
it will find in the South a most ample field for
profitable investment. All who now reside in
that portion of the country, whether property
owners or laborers under the necessity of earn-
ing a livelihood by honorable but daily toil,
will rejoice in this inevitable flow of immigra-
tion aud capital because of the benefits that
directly and incidentally must accrue. Pair
and regular wages now find and will continue
to find in the strong arm and willing heart of
the colored man a motive power that will yet
make the silent and waste places " bloom and
blossom as the rose."
Were I to indulge in anything like a faithful
description of what my observation and judg-
ment convinces me is yet to be the destiny ot
a very large portion of the South I should have
to employ imagination and panegyric to an ex-
tent that might seem very objectionable with
the skeptical and the incredulous. With all
the glowing terms that may yet be employed by
the poet and the historian they will never reach
a correct description of the splendid results
morally certain to transpire.
Our national Constitution, founded on prin-
ciples as broad as the earth and as enduring as
time, will yet find millions of as true devotees
in the South as in the North. I have confi-
dence in man, unshaken faith in the triumph
of truth and right, and never have and do not
now despair of our country. England was
once rent and shattered by the shock of internal
strife, but all the hatred aroused between cav-
aliers and roundheads soon faded away under
the inspiration of a broad and loyal sentiment.
The bloody and sanguinary fields of Naseby
and Marston Moor are now only remembered
atid chronicled in history as evidences of the
valor and heroism of a people temporarily
divided and estranged.
In tho South the impulses of a naturally gal-
lant and generous people will finally, triumph
over prejudice and error and have their natural
sway, not only in contributing to a happy solu-
tion of our domestic difficulties, but in the
event of invasion by any foreign Power will
prove as devoted to the old flag as the needle
to the pole.
As the wounds of the late great conflict grad-
ually but inevitably heal, and the fact is clearly
discerned that we now live in the only model
republic on earth, all cause of bitterness and
discord will sink outof view as theglad anthems
of a united and fraternal people proclaim to the
world a nation "redeemed and regenerated."
PROMOTION OF EDUCATION.
Mr. PROSSER. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
offer a few suggestions to the House at this
time, and I do it with considerable embarrass-
ment, because of the great importance of the
subject and because of the fact that it is one to
which Congress has heretofore given but little
attention. Perhaps I cannot introduce the mat-
ter I wish to discuss in any better way than by
asking that the following bill, which I had the
honor to introduce a few days ago, and which
was referred to the Committee on Education
and Labor, and ordered to be printed, maybe
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
A bill to promote tho interests of general education
among the people of the United States.
Whereas odueation generally diffused among tho
people of tho several States and Territories is essen-
tial to the presentation of their virtues, rights, and
liberties, and to tho promotion of their general wel-
fare; and whoreas it appoars that the proportion of
illiterate population has beon for many years steadily
increasing to  a alarming extent; and whereas Con-
gross has appropriated the largo amount of seventy-
eight million five hundred and seventy-six thousand
eight hundred and two acres of tho publio lands
mainly for tho educational benefit of a portion ot the
States and Territories; and whereas it appears that
a large portion of tho scholastic population of the
Unitod States is without adequate means of educa-
tion : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of ucpresenta-
tives of the United States of Ameru a in Congress assem-
bled, That tho Commissioner of Education is hereby
directed to cooperate with any Stato, territorial,
county, municipal, or local organization in estab-
lishing and maintaining public schools where the
means of education are not suftieicnt to meet the
wants of tho people; Provided, That such organiza-
tion applying for or receiving aid from the Govern-
ment shall be unable or otherwise fail to maintain
an efficient system of publio instruction: And pro-
vided further, That such organization shall guaranty
and contribute not less than one half of the expense
of establishing and maintaining suchsohools, except
schools for Indian tribes.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all that por-
tion of tho Bureau of Ilefugees, Freedmcn, and
Abandoned Lands pertaining to education, together
with its property, interests, and unexpended appro-
priations; also all moneys held in trust for the edu-
cation of any tribe or tribes of Indians be, and they
are hereby, transferred to tho Department of Educa-
tion. And that all moneys heroafter appropriated
by Congress for educational purposes shall be ex-
pended by said Department under the direction ot
the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 3. And be it further enactedThat all schools
established or maintained by tho aid of the Govern-
ment in any of the States or Territories or the Dis-
trict of Columbia shall comply with the rules and
regulations of and bo subject to inspection^ by tho
Department of Education, and the Commissioner
shall report thoroof annually to Congress with such
recommendations as he shall deem expedient. .
Sue.4. And be it further enacted, That the following
sums be, and they arc hereby, appropriated outo.t
an v moneys in tho Treasury, not otherwise appropri-
ated, for educational purposesforthefiscal year end-
ing June39,1S71, for the obj ects hereinafter specified,
']'"or ^building, enlarging, and repairing school-
houses, 8^00,'JijO. sisnnno
l-'or books, school apparatus, &e., §150,01*).
For the salaries of inspectors, superintendents, ana
te|orTehools'among the Indian tribes, $400,000.
Mr. PROSSER. Mr. Speaker, it is to mo
a matter of the most profound surprise and re-
gret that a subject of such infinite importance,
especially to a Republic like our own, should
