762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
sand children more than fifteen thousand are
without any means of education. Another fea-
ture, which speaks volumes against the peculiar
institution's of that Territory, is the fact that
it contains two hundred and thirty illiterate
females to every one hundred males, the great-
est disproportion existing in any State or Ter-
ritory of our Union.
two school generations uneducated in new
mexico.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have yet to speak of a
yet more signal instance of bad policy which
might perhaps bo characterized as bad faith on
the part of the General Government. About
twenty-two years ago we acquired from Mexico
a territory possessing one of the most healthy
climates in the world, beautiful and picturesque
in its snow-capped mountains, plains, valleys,
and streams, with exhaustless mineral, agri-
cultural, and pastoral resources, two hundred
and seven thousand square miles in extent, and
having some one hundred thousand people
clustered in villages, thus being admirably
situated for schools. T'he people spoke a foreign
language, were poor and very ignorant, yet,
for a poverty-stricken population, abounding
in excellent traits of character.
More than two generations of school chil-
dren have now grown up since they have been
under the jurisdiction of Congress ; they yet
speak a foreign language and they are still
poor and ignorant. Had Congress performed
its duty in establishing schools among them
twenty years ago New Mexico might to-day
have been a flourishing State in this Union, a
source of wealth to the nation, and a jewel in
the national crown. But uneducated and neces-
sarily saddled with a standing army, which
while it has protected has debauched the coun-
try, they are to-day in a far more deplorable
condition than when wrested from Mexico.
our indian policy compared to that of charles v.
But besides the recognized citizens of New
Mexico there are in that Territory some seven
thousand semi-civilized people, Pueblo Indians,
who, residing in permanent,well-built villages,
supporting themselves by agricultural and man-
ufacturing industry, are nearly equal in civil-
ization to the lower order of the Mexican cit-
izen. But their progress in civilization is not
due in any degree to the institutions or the legis-
lation of this liberal Republic. Our treatment
of the Indians has been altogether of a differ-
ent character. It was commenced three hun-
dred and twenty-four years ago by Charles V,
then emperor of Spain and governing the Span-
ish provinces in America. As an example and
a lesson to our free Republic, and a rebuke to
our Indian policy in this nineteenth century, I
offer a paper illustrating the policy of that
emperor of the sixteenth century, being a
translation from the Spanish archives in New
Mexico, and ask it may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Translation.
" The first disposition of theso matters found in
our code of laws is that of the Emperor Charles
V, made at Cigales on the 21st of March, 1551, and
afterward adopted by King Philip II, which liter-
ally reads as follows : ' The effort lias been made with
much care and particular attention to make use of
such means asaro most suitable for the instruction of
the Indians in the holy Catholie faith and scriptural
law, to the end that, forgetting their ancient rites
and ceremonies, they might live in fellowship under
established rule; and in order that this object might
be obtained with the greatest certainty the members
of our council of the Indies and other religious per-
sons on difierent occasions met together, and in tbo
ysar 15'0, by order of the Emperor Charles V, of
glorious memory, there convened the prelates of
New Spain, who, desiring to render service to God
and ourselves, resolved that the Indians should be
brought to settle, reduced to pueblos, and that they
should not live divided and separated by mountains
and hills, depriving themselves of all benefit, spirit-
ual and temporal, without aid from our agents, and
that assistance which human wants require men
mutually to render one another. And in order that
the propriety of this resolution might be recognized,
the kings, judges, presidents, and governors were
charged and commanded by different orders of the
kings, our predecessors, thatwithmuchmildnessand
moderation they should carry into effect the reduc-
tion, settlement, and instruction of the Indians;
acting with so much justice and delicacy that with-
out causing any difficulty a motive might be pre-
sented to those who could not bo brought to settle, in
the hopes that as ;,oon as they witness the good
treatment and "protection of such as had been reduced
to pueblos thoy might consent to offer themselves of
their own accord; and order was given that they
should not pay higher duties than were established
by law; and whereas the above was executed in tho
large part of our Indies, therefore we ordain and
oommand that in all the other portions care betaken
that it be carried into effect, and the agents should
urge it according to, and in the form declared by the
laws of this title.'"
the pueblos appeal fob schools in vain.
Mr. PROSSER. Under this Christian and
benignant policy of a wise emperor—a man
imbued with the spirit of religion, and appre-
ciating the necessity of humanity for educa-
tion—these aborigines were reduced to villages,
of which nineteen still remain, and were in-
structed in the various arts of civilization, in
the Spanish language, in religion, and the ele-,
ments of a common-school education. Will it
bo believed that under the Government of this
enlightened Republic these people have been
retrograding instead of advancing, going back
to barbarism instead of improving; that under
the Spanish and Mexican Governments their
interests were more carefully consulted than
our own? Yet such is the fact, and year after
year their agents have appealed in vain, with
two slight exceptions, for some assistance or
some appropriation to keep up instruction
among them, or to advance them in the scale
of civilization. The report of their special
agent for the year 1868 closes as follows ;
" Please do urge this matter; it is now eleven years
sinco these Indians have received anything in the
shape of presents direct from the Government. If we
cannot obtain schools or any other means to improve
their dormant condition weought to be able to secure
for them a few hoes and spades, to aid them in the cul-
tivation of the soil, at least."
Nor is this the only tribe which has appealed
to us again and again in tones which should
touch the most obdurate heart for educational
facilities, but which have fallen almost entirely
without effect upon the ears of our legisla-
tive and executive departments.
the treatment of the winnebagoes.
As an illustration let me send the following
letter to the Clerk's desk that it may be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Omaha Reserve, December SO, 1864.
Our Great Father at Washington, all greeting: From
tho chiefs, braves, and headmen of your dutiful
children, the Winnobagoes. -
Father, wo cannot see you. Ton are far away
from us. Wo cannot speak to you. We will write
to you, and, father, we hope you will read our letter
and answer us. Father, somo years ago, when wo
had our homes on Turkey river, we had a school for
our children, where many of them learned to read
and writo and work like white people, and we were
happy. Father, many years have passed away since
our school was broken up; we havo no such schools
among us, and our children are growing up in igno-
rance of those things that should render them indus-
trious, prosperous, and happy, and we are sorry.
Father, it is our earnest wish to be so situated no
longer. It is our sincere desiro to havo again estab-
lished among us such a school as we see in operation
among your Omaha children. Father, as soon as you
find a permanent home for us will you not do this for
us? And, father, as we would like our children taught
tho Christian religion as before, we would like our
school placed under the carc of the Presbyterian
Board of Foreign Missions. Andlast, father, to show
you our sincerity, we desiro to have set 3part for its
establishment, erection, and support all of our school
funds, and whatever moro is necessary.
Father, this is our prayer, will you not open your
ears and heart to us, and writo to ns'?
In testimony of our wish, wc, the chiefs, braves,
and headmen of tho Winnebago tribe of Indians, do
subscribe our names on this tho 30th day of Decem-
ber. 1864.
Signed by thirty-eight chiefs and headmen of the
Winnebagoes.
Hon. W. P. Dole, Comrmsmnner of Indian AJjairs.
Mr. PROSSBR. Sir, this tribe of Indians
had at the time that letter was written been
forcibly taken from good homes in Minnesota,
where they had schools among them,and moved
to Nebraska and kept in an almost starving con-
dition. They continually begged for schools
for their children, and though the Government
held large sums of their money in trust with
which good schools might have been sustained,
yet such is the supreme indifference of the
"Great Father" toward the education of his
red children, that it required five years to get a
half-day school established among them.
is the war or educational policy best ?
The history ,of the Indian tribes within our
limits through all the long years since our Gov-
ernment, was organized is full of disregarded
appeals to, the humanity of the national author-
ities. Mr. Speaker, your heart would bleed
with pity and compassion to read their frequent
applications for simple justice, knowing, as
you do, that the merest fraction of the sums
expended in carrying on wars against them,
and keeping armed forces in their territory, if
judiciously spent in educating and civilizing
them would have been far more beneficial to
the Indians and more creditable and profitable
to the whole country. It is estimated by the
last Commissioner of Indian Affairs that $500,-
000,000 have been expended in the last forty
years in carrying on Indian wars that might
have been almost entirely avoided by & differ-
ent policy. It is the merest folly to saythat
the Indian cannot be educated or civilized.
We have never made the attempt in earnest.
I know of my own knowledge of reservations
kept up for years with hundreds and thousands
of Indians upon them and not the slightest effort
made to educate the younger portion of them,
or to lift any of them up out of their state of
barbarism and ignorance. .Occasionally a fee-
ble attempt of the kind has been made, but
too often worthless wretches were employed
for the purpose who had at heart neither the
interests of the Indian nor of the Government.
Who is responsible for the fact that we, after
a national existence of nearly one hundred
years, are to-day groping in the fogs of experi-
ment in our treatment of the Indians, and only
approaching the policy successfully pursued by
the French and Spanish settlers in America
more than three hundred years ago V
the south—its 2,340,509 adults illiterate.
But if the results of national neglect, of the
interests of education in the Districtof Colum-
bia and the Territories, are deplorable, how
much more serious are its consequences in the
southern States, where there never has been
any efficient system of public schools in opera-
tion since the first settlement of the country?
No demonstration is needed to prove that the
difficulties and dangers through which we as a
nation have passed during the past fifty years
would have been avoided had a thorough sys-
tem of universal education been introduced and
carried into effect in the early days of the Re-
public. The want of sueh a system has resulted
in a civil war whose cost in blood and treasure
is beyond comprehension ; a large population
destitute of intelligence; a large portion of the
Union not only without free schools, but with
a strong sentiment of hostility to their intro-
duction ; yet the most effective measure of
reconstruction which could be adopted would
be an efficient system of education. It is esti-
mated that there are not less than two millions
of the youthful population of the South with-
out the means of obtaining even the rudiments
of education. During the past year the State
of Pennsylvania expended more for schools
within her limits than twice the amount ex-
pended in all the southern States put together;
yet the Governor of that State complains that
there are seventy-five thousand children in his
jurisdiction still unprovided for. The Gov-
ernor of Wisconsin says that notwithstanding
the efficiency of the school system in that State
there are fifty thousand children not attending
any school whatever. And if our system of
public schools is so far from perfection when
it is most fully developed, as compared with
those countries where education is compulsory,
what must it be in those parts of the Union
where there are no free schools established ;
where the poorer classes are profoundly igno-
rant, with no desire for improvement,and where
the rich are largely opposed to their advance-
ment ? In 1860 there were in the South 2,340,659
adults over twenty years of age who could neither
