764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
of twenty. Neither States nor individuals can
escape the consequences of their crimes. The
compensation of Virginia* has been terrible ;
she fell from sovereignty, became the battle-
ground between States, civil strife desolated
her fields even in view of the national Capitol,
and she is now but just regaining an equal
footing witli the other States on this floor.
The history of Virginia illustrates that of the
remaining fifteen southern States. In 1860
they contained but twenty-eight per cent, of
the free native population of the whole thirty-
four States, but so unequal had been the pre-
vious rate of educational development, to such
an extent had they monopolized the ignorance
of the country, they had in their free native
population sixty-seven percent, of all the adult
native illiterates in the United States. In other
words, with only about one third of the free
population of the nation they possessed more
than two thirds of its illiterates; not including
the slaves, which, if added, would have swelled
the proportion to more than ninety-three in the
South for every seven in the North.
"establish justice."
Washington, in a letter to Alexander Ham-
ilton, dated Philadelphia, September 1, 1790,
expresses the true method of establishing jus-
tice to be the education of the people ; '' the
surest means,'' he says,'1 of giving just ways of
thinking to our citizens.'' Just ways of thinking
must precede the establishment of justice, nor
can justice exist divorced from wisdom. If
you permit ignorance you foster crime, and if
you punish crime superinduced by the igno-
rance you have permitted you establish injus-
tice. In the words of Sir Thomas More:
" If you suffer your people to bo ill-educated and
their manners to be corrupted from their infancy,
and then punish them for their crimes, to which
their first education disposed them, what else is to be
concluded from this but that you first make thieves
and then punish them?"
It is too well known to need repetition here
that in all nations where the question has been
inquired into it has been shown that criminals
are generally ignorant; that as school-houses
increase, in a corresponding ratio do jails and
prisons diminish. Popular education, there-
fore, is the most humane, the most effectual,
and the cheapest preventive of crime, or means
of establishing justice.
Said Mr. Macaulay in the British Parlia-
ment :
" I hold that it is the right and duty of the State
to provide for the education1 of the common people.
I conceive the arguments by which this position may
be proved are perfectly simple, perfectly obvious,
and the most cogent possible." * * * *
"Takeaway education, and what are your means?
Military force, prisons, solitary cells, penal colonies,
gibbets, all the other apparatus of penal laws. If,
then, there be an end to which governmentis bound
to attain; if there are two ways only of attaining it:
if one of these ways is by elevating the moral and
intellectual character of the people, and if the other
way is by inflicting pain, who can doubt which way
evory government ought to take? It seems tome
that no proposition can be more strange than this:
that the State ought to have the power to punish
and is bound to punish its subjects for not knowing
their duty, but at the same time is to tako no step to
let them know what their duty is."
One of the most important of our means for
establishing justice, the right of the accused to
trial by a jury of his peers selected indiscrimi-
nately from among the people, involves a fear-
ful risk to the life, property, and good name
of every individual citizen of the nation so long
as any portion of the community is permitted
to exist in ignorance. Every individual, there-
fore, has an interest that the national Govern-
ment shall require every State to educate its
citizens, so that he may be fitted to be trusted
with a duty involving so great a responsibility.
" insure domestic tranquillity."
Our fathers desired to insure domestic tran-
quillity ; and had free schools existed in the
South as in the North from the first establish-
ing of this Union our tranquillity as a nation
would never have been interrupted by a deso-
lating civil war, which the Special Commis-
sioner of the Revenue in his recent report esti-
mates to have cost the country $0,000,000,000,
a sum too vast for the finite mind to compre-
hend.
Is it not a singular coincidence, to say the
least, that of the original thirteen States which
formed this Union but one has entirely failed
to make some constitutional provision for edu-
cation, and that that one has led in two unsuc-
cessful attempts to disintegrate the nation and
subvert the free principles upon which it is
founded? I need not name the State to indi-
cate the one to which I refer. On the other
hand, two centuries and nearly a half ago the
general court of the colony of Massachusetts
enacted a school code ordaining a school to be
established in every township that might num-
ber five families. One hundred and forty years
later, when a State constitution was framed,
one of its sections read:
"Wisdom and knowledge, as well as virtue, dif-
fused generally among the bodies ofthe people,being
necessary for the preservation of their rights anu
liberties, and as these depend on spreading the oppor-
tunities and advantages of education in the various
parts of the eountry and among different orders of
people, it shall be tho duty of the Legislature and
magistrates in all future periods of this Common-
wealth to cherish the interests of literaturo and the
sciences," &c.
Sir, if when the State first referred to fired
upon Fort Sumter the latter State had not
marshaled regiments to defend this capital
would the life and liberty of the nation have
been preserved to-day ? The passage of a law
providing for a national system of schools
would seem but an act of national thanksgiving.
By a contrast of the illiteracy existing pre-
vious to the rebellion in some of the States
north and south of Mason and Dixon's line
whose population were about equal the real
causes which led to our late domestic disturb-
ance may be more clearly perceived.
Take Maine and Alabama. The former had
1 illiterate in 2G1; the latter 1 in 14 of the
white native population.
Take Wisconsin and South Carolina. The
former had 1 in 285 ; the latter 1 in 4.
Take Connecticut and Maryland. The for-
mer had 1 in 488; the latter 1 in 9.
Take Massachusetts and my own State of
Tennessee. The former had 1 in COO ; Ten-
nessee lin6; or Massachusetts had only 2,004,
while Tennessee had 180,983 native adult illit-
erates.
" provide for the common defense."
The fact that intelligence develops the re-
sources and strengthens a nation is a sufficient
argument that education is the most effectual
provision which could be made for the common
defense. Giants do not have to go armed as
smaller people do. In the science of war we
find that skill and inventive genius are of more
importance than mere numbers. But after all,
as the world's greatest general, Napoleon
Bonaparte, says:
"The truo victories, the only ones which we need
never lament, are those won over the dominion of
ignorance. The employment most honorable and
most profitable to the people is to labor for the dif-
fusion and extension of the ideas of men."
Ay, Mr. Speaker, there is a silent force scat-
tered over our land, in its cities and at its cross-
roads, so common as to be scarcely noticed,
whose power is not within the estimation of the
statesman. I mean the one hundred and sixty
thousand school-teachers of the country, more
than two thirds of whom are of that class whose
delicacy of organization forbids their bearing
arms in battle, and for which inability they
are sometimes very foolishly and unjustly re-
proached. Even while I speak there are more
than one hundred thousand women teachers at
their posts in our free schools. They marshal
a host through which they exert a more mighty
influence upon the destinies of humanity than
ail the soldiers ever marshaled by the man of
destiny upon the battle-fields of Europe. Lord
Brougham well said:
"Let the soldier be abroad if he will, he can do
nothing in this age. There is another personage
abroad, a person less imposing; in the eyes of some
insignificant. The schoolmaster is abroad; and I
trust to him, armed with his primer,against tho
soldier in full uniform array."
"promote tub general welfare."
The advantages which would flow, to the
whole Union and to each particular part of it
from the universal education of the people are
so vast and the subject is so prolific that I can
here only consider it briefly, and from one or
two points of view. A comparison of the States
which have early and constantly preferred and
honored public schools with those which have
neglected and despised them shows a large
balance-sheet of stately figures in favor of
popular education. For instance, the annual
amount of wealth produced by each_ man,
woman, and child, exclusive of the gains of
commerce, in Massachusetts, the best-edu-
cated though the most sterile State in the
Union, is $166 60; while Tennessee, oneofthe
most fertile States, though very poor in edu-
cational facilities, shows a corresponding pov-
erty in the amount of wealth produced by each
individual, which is only $68 10.
The increase of our postal revenues alone
would in a few years amply repay the investment
of the appropriations proposed in this bill for the
encouragement of the education of the people.
We have annually the same complaints from
that Department of the expenditures exceeding
therevenue by millions of dollars. As a remedy
the press and public men far and wide are agi-
tating the abolition of the franking privilege ;
and abolish it say I; but that reform alone will
not make the Post Office Department self-sus-
taining. It is the fact that half of our adult
population is too illiterate to make use of the
mails that has, crippled the mail service. The
free matter sent scarcely affects the revenue of
the Department compared to this. Look at the
postal service in the eleven States where pop-
ular education has always been discouraged.
There are one hundred and seventeen counties
in those States which contain only two post
offices each ; eighty-six with only one in each;
and, sir, there are ten counties in those States
without any post office, according to the last
official report, although they are traversed by
mail routes, and aggregate quite a large popula-
tion. Consider that in one State which was ad-
mitted into this Union twenty-five years ago—
and I need hardly add attempted to secede—
there are four counties without a post office.
Sir, there are thirty-one counties in the State
of Georgia with but one post office. In one
county in Pennsylvania (Lancaster) there are
a greater number of post offices than in one
hundred and twelve counties which might be
selected in the eleven States lately in the rebel-
lion. The sturdy farmers of Lancaster county
not only have mail facilities but use them, and
have a large amount of means invested in Uni-
ted States bonds. Educate the people and they
will acquire wealth and all the comforts of life;
they will have post offices, and make them self-
sustaining; and when the Government needs
money they will invest in its bonds and save us
sending millions of gold abroad to pay interest
to a people who, like the German States, are
wise enough to secure the wealth which always
comes through the education of the masses.
"to secure the blbssinss of liberty to our-
selves and our posterity"
is the last mentioned of the six aims specified
in the preamble, and the crowning object of all.
It must be evident that the education of the
people is the great means to be relied upon,
without which no efforts to secure liberty can
succeed, and that our free institutions are in
constant and imminent danger without it.
Ignorant voters are always the ready tools of
designing men, who through them often suc-
ceed to power.
Every President who has been clected for
the United States, with the exception of Wash-
ington's second term, and perhaps that of
Monroe, has received majorities much less
than the number of illiterate voters engaged
in the election who could not read the votes
they cast. Unfortunately, it is the ignorant
citizen who always votes ; the more cultivated
and industrious class generally have cares and
