768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
being properly and only a national work, the
people come to the Government because they
have nowhere else to go fora redress of the griev-
ous wrongs under which they now suffer. They
ask that a generous Government, ever solicit-
ous for the welfare of its citizens, will carry
out such measures for the improvement of the
Mississippi river as will forever make it what
nature designed it should be—the great artery
of the Mississippi valley, upon which for all
time to come may freely float its commerce
and wealth.
Sir, before proceeding further upon this occa-
sion let me mention some of the obstructions
to navigation which ought at once to be re-
moved from the rivers of the W est. First among
them I mention those found in the Missis-
sippi, because I believe the improvement of
that stream to be the most important. Its
principal and greatest need is the improve-
ment of its two chains of rapids, known as the
Rock Island and the Des Moines. Next to
these in importance is the improvement of the
channel at the mouth of the river. From the
beginning these -chains of rapids have stood
as barriers to navigation except in seasons of
high water. The lower, or Des Moines, extend
a distance of about eleven miles up the river
from the city of Keokuk, Iowa. The plan
adopted by the Governmentfor their improve-
ment is by the construction of a ship-canal,
with locks, the canal to be three hundred feet
in width.
The chains of rapids known as the Rock
Island rapids begin at or near the city of Rock
Island, Illinois, and extend up the river about
fourteen miles, these latter being wholly unlike
the former. The difference is best stated in
the language of General "Wilson's report, to
which I have heretofore called your attention
and to which I beg leave again to refer. He
says:
"While in tho Des Moines rapids we find, a uniform
depth and width throughout their entire length,
varying only in depth and width of comparatively
insignificant fissures or channels, we have in the
Kock Island rapids true 'reefs' or 'chains' obstruct-
ing navigation for a short distance each, and sepa-
rated by deep intervals or 'pools' from six: to thirty
feet in depth. Of the fourteen miles between the
head and foot of the rapids nearly eleven miles
afford good navigation in tlxo lowest stages, the ob-
structed portions covering adistance of alittle more
than three miles."
The system of improvement adopted for the
Eock Island rapids is by "coffer-dams," cov-
ering that portion of the "reefs" or "chains"
which lie across the channel, and blasting out
and removing these from the channel so as to
give it a width of two hundred and fifty feet.
It is expected that when these improvements
are completed vessels drawing six feet of water
can pass at all seasons from the lower Missis-
sippi to Rook Island, and that all vessels draw-
ing four feet can pass in like manner from
Rock Island to the Falls of St. Anthony. While
considerable sums of money have been already
expended upon these two works, it will at once
be seen that what has thus far been expended
will be almost entirely worthless and without
results unless the work begun shall be fully
completed.
It is estimated that the sum of $1,500,000
will complete these great works; and if appro-
priated at an early day that consummation so
dear to the people of the West maybe reached
within the present year.
For removing bars at the mouth of the river
and other improvements in its navigation the
further sum of $500,000 is needed at once.
While I have thus far confined myself to the
improvements imperatively demanded for the
Mississippi river, I would not disparage the
claims of other western rivers. I know that
the Ohio, Illinois, and Wisconsin need liberal
appropriations, and need them now; and I
earnestly hope they will receive them. To the
accomplishment of that end I will cheerfully
give my vote and my services.
Mr. Speaker, this Government has donated
more than thirty-eight million acres of the pub-
lie lands to promote the construction of wagon-
roads and railroads and for other purposes of
internal improvement. To the Pacific railroad
alone, in addition to the millions of acres of
land donated, the Government has given its
bonds amounting to more than sixty million
dollars. And yet the Mississippi river, the
natural channel of commerce for fourteen great
States, has been but little improved in its navi-
gation since the day when De Soto first looked
upon its swelling flood or Marquette bore upon
its tide the bauner of the cross. Thus much
of the present.
Let us now turn for a moment to the future
of the West. Its magnitude, its greatness we
may not measure; we can but approximate ;
and even our feeble attempts at approxima-
tion but show our inability to grasp its mighty
problem. Something of its coming glory we
may see in the present; but how little! In
speaking of the wheat grown west of the Mis-
sissippi the Commissioner of Agriculture, in
his report for the year 1868, .says:
"The progress of wheat-growing westward is a
significant feature of our agriculture, In nine years
since 1859, it has been out' of all proportion to the
increase of population in the same section. West
of the Mississippi in 1859 the quantity harvested was
about twentyfive million bushels; in 1807 it had in-
creased to sixty-five million bushels, and in 1868 the
product was seventy million bushels. Nine years
ago the proportion produced was but fourteen per
cent.; now it is thirty per cent, of tho total product.
At this rate of increase more than half of tho wheat
of the country ere many years shall elapse will bo
grown west of the Mississippi."
This, Mr. Speaker, is what the Commissioner
of Agriculture says touching a single cereal, the
growth of which west of the Mississippi is but
in its early infancy, as will be seen by a single
glance at the public domain yet unsold. On
the 30th day of June, 1868, there remained
unsold of the public lands more than fourteen
hundred million acres, the greater part of which
lie west of the Mississippi,and areequalin extent
to eighteen times the area of Great Britain and
Ireland.
Sir, what wealth will this vast region add to
the nation when it shall be peopled with a
thrifty and intelligent population? Its mines
will be developed, its broad acres will be cul-
tivated, and all the wealth of its products will
find its natural outlet by way of the Mississippi
river.
Sir, what is needed to fill up the States
bordering upon this r;ver and the States and
Territories lying to the west of it with popula-
tion and wealth? I answer, more than anything
else, cheap transportation. In this result the
Bast is largely interested. With cheap freights
the consumers of the East would get cheaper
provisions. In fact everything they buy of us
would be cheaper, and we of the West would
be benefited by cheap freights upon what we
sell to them and upon what they sell to us.
Thus will the burdens of the producer be
lightened, an object ever to be had in view by
the true statesman and lover of his country.
It is upon the producing classes that all the
burdens of Government ultimately rest, and he
who can lighten the load or add to the wages
of labor must ever be regarded as a public
benefactor. The producers are the wealth and
glory of the State. To guard, protect, and
foster their industries should be our constant
care. Upon their prosperity depends the suc-
cess in great measure of all others. When
they prosper the country prospers. If their
labor fails to yield a rich reward the whole
country suffers, and bankruptcy and ruin is the
result. The States of the Mississippi valley
pay more than half of the taxes to sustain this
Government. This they do out of the surplus
remaining to them after submitting to the
extortionate charges imposed upon them by
the railroad companies for the transportation of
their products to the sea-board. It should be
the pleasure of every honorable gentleman
upon this floor, by his vote and by his influence
to do all in his power to aid in a work so national
in its character, so wide-reaching in its results,
calculated as it is to benefit and bless so many
of our countrymen. I may truly say that I
know of no expenditure that can be made by
the Government involving so little outlay from
which so great results will flow; as from the
improvement of the Mississippi river and its
tributaries.
Considering our present population and the
ratio of increase in the past, he who lives fifty
years hence may see in the Mississippi valley
more than sixty million people. Sir, how
vast will be its power and wealth and how
boundless its commerce! Long preceding that
day the Darien canal will have been completed,
and through its channel the waters of the Atlan-
tic and Pacific will flow in fond embrace, em-
blematic of that peace and concord that shall
mark the trade and commerce of the East and
West, as it shall pass and repass upon that great
highway of nations. I trust, too, that the day is
near at hand when a ship-canal will be com-
pleted from the Mississippi to the great lakes.
Mr. Speaker, I have thus, to the extent of
my poor ability, presented some of the views
that have occurred to. me upon this great sub-
ject. If in anything I have appeared to be
over-zealous for my own section, I trust it will
not be attributed to a want of due consideration
for other portions of the country but rather to
the intense love I bear the West. With her
my earliest recollections and associations are
connected. I love her generous and open-
handed people. I love her broad prairies and
wide flowing rivers, and if I seem to love her
people most it is because I know them best.
Sir, I-look forward with hope to the time
when her products shall enrich the commerce
of every sea. I live in prospect of the coming
day, when it shall truly be said of her:
"On every sea she spreads her sail
And yokes her chariots to the gale."
When the avenues of her commerce shall be
opened wide ; and when throughout her whole
extent the glittering share of the husbandman
shall turn the rich furrows, over which shall
wave golden harvests to feed earth's hungry
millions throughout Christendom, then, indeed,
will she be the garden of the world, the strength
and glory of the Republic.
REVENUE REFORM.
Mr. FINK.ELNBURG. A great nation, Mr.
Speaker, may in case of necessity bear a heavy
burden of taxation with comparative ease, pro-
vided that burden is well adjusted ; but failing
in this, it is sure to injure the body-politic and
produce suffering amongthe people. I presume
it was this fact which led the President in his
late message to suggest the advisability of mod-
ifying the tariff " in instances where unjust or
burdensome discriminations are made by the
present laws."
It is generally admitted that the following
two rules are essential to every wholesome sys-
tem of taxation:
First. Citizens ought to contribute to the
support of the Government in proportion to
their means.
Second. Taxes ought to be so arranged as
to take out of the people's pockets as little as
possible over and above that which goes into
the public Treasury.
It is a notorious fact that our present tax-
ation under the tariff fails in both these princi-
ples. Indeed, it is one of the avowed objects
of many provisions in the present tariff that a
small portion of its proceeds may go into the
Treasury while a much greater portion flows
into the purses of those who are engaged in
occupations established as "privileged" by
law, and this has been called protection to
American industry. Let us see how it oper-
ates in some of its more important features.
PIG-IRON.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania in his
recent remarks on this subject told us that
the duty on pig-iron had been eminently suc-
cessful as a revenue measure. I confess that
this statement, coming from one so conversant
with tariff matters, surprised me much.
The tariff on foreign iron is nine dollars per
