1870,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
769
ton in gold, or about eleven dollars in currency,
which enables the American manufacturer to
add that amount to the price of his own prod-
uct. This is the object of that duty, and he
does it, so that the tax is paid by the consumer
on the home-made article as well as on the
foreign. Now we use about sixteen tons of
American iron to one of foreign; therefore we
pay of this iron tax $144 to the iron manu-
facturer for each nine dollars paid into the
Treasury. In other words, of this tax sixteen
seventeenths goes to the benefit of private par-
ties and only one seventeenth to the benefit of
the Government.
During the last fiscal year the people paid
over sixteen million dollars in taxes on the
consumption of pig-iron, but the revenue
received only $1,199,762. Where di£ the other
$15,000,000 go to? They went in the shape
of bounties to the iron manufacturer. Now,
if this is the learned gentleman's idea of an
eminently successful revenue measure he differs
widely from most people's simple notions on
that subject. We pay these bounties in the
price of every article made out of iron, and
we all consume iron in some shape. We pay
it upon all implements of mechanical industry,
from an engine to a hammer; we pay it upon
every article of agricultural industry, from a
reaper to a plow; we pay it upon every article
of domestic comfort, from a stove to the
smallest household utensil.
It is no excuse to say that this high duty
must be levied or American iron manufactures
must stop. The duty will admit of a consid-
erable reduction without infringement on this
important industry. The price of iron is from
thirty-six to forty dollars per ton. Iron is
manufactured in my district at a cost of twenty-
five dollars a ton, and can be produced for less.
I am informed that in Tennessee it can be
made for nineteen, in Alabama for sixteen,
Indiana twenty-two, and in Wisconsin for
twenty-three dollars per ton, while in Penn-
sylvania the cost of production ranges a little
higher. Now, foreign iron of similar qual-
ity cannot be delivered here for any such
prices duty free. So that the duty of nine
dollars gold is to the American manufacturer
simply a question of profit and not of exist-
ence. a moderate but substantial reduction
can be made without closing a single fur-
nace or lessening the wages of a single work-
man. Its effect will be to lessen the profits of
the iron-mastersand the burdens of the people.
While upon this subject of iron one word as
to its correlative, steel, which occupies nearly
two columns of the speech of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. He evidently considers
the manufacture of this article in the United
States of peculiar importance, and so do I;
but we differ widely as to the proper mode of
encouraging that industry. I do not pretend
to be as deep in the science of metallurgy as
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who tells
us that fire is the nervous power and iron and
steel the muscles of modern civilization, but I
know a few simple facts. I know that steel is
manufactured out of iron, that iron is its chief
component part, and that the successful pro-
duction of steel in competition with England
must therefore depend upon the price of the
iron out of which it is manufactured, lo my
mind a wholesome reduction of the duty on
iron, and a consequent reduction of the price
of that article, would have a wonderful effect
in stimulating the manufacture of steel and
Bessemer rails to the total defeat of all foreign
competition.
WOOLEN GOODS.
Now let us glance at the tariff on woolen
goods On many articles of cloth in common
use it is over one hundred and twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem, so high that their importa-
tion has ceased; hence the Government derives
no revenue from them, while the amount of the
tax; is nevertheless paid by the consumer in the
shape of enhanced prices to our manufacturers.
The laboring man pays it upon every article of
•"""41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 49.
clothing and upon every blanket used by him-
self and his family, and he pays it not to sus-
tain his Government or to reduce the public
debt, but for the private benefit of the man-
ufacturer.
i do not know whether it is pretended that
such duties are necessary to sustain the woolen
manufactures of our country. I know that they
have existed in this country for over two hun-
dred years, and have increased and flourished
through long periods of free trade. i know also
that some of the most prominent manufacturers
themselves have but lately admitted these
enormous duties to be unnecessary; but what-
ever the fact maybe, i venture to suggest that
any industry which requires so unnatural and
oppressive a burden upon the people to keep
it alive is no benefit to the country and had
much better be diverted into some more profit-
able channel.
SALT.
Now as to salt—an article not only of daily
necessity in every man's family, but an import-
ant element of cost in the great industries of
pork, beef, and provision packing, as well as
a fertilizer for the cotton fields of the South—
the duty on foreign salt ranges from one hun-
dred to one hundred and seventy per cent.,
and is the highest of all duties on articles of
necessity. Why this enormous tax on an arti-
cle which no economy or poverty can avoid ;
an article, too, of which nature has furnished
an inexhaustible ready supply in countries not
far from us, requiring only the labor lo bring
it here? It is for the avowed purpose of pro-
tecting a single manufactory of salt in this
country, which by its own admissions is not
only realizing extraordinary profits on this
privilege, but which is rewarding the kindness
of the American people by selling its products
cheaper in Canada, where foreign salt is ad-
mitted free, than to our own citizens; thereby
proving conclusively that the duty is not neces-
sary to enable them to carry on the manufac-
ture, and that they can successfully compete
with foreign importations.
As we use much more American than foreign
salt, the greater portion of this onerous tax
goes not into the public Treasury at Washing-
ton, but to a private treasury in the State of
New York.
OTHER INSTANCES.
These are some of the more prominent and
familiar examples of how the present tariff
makes the people pay much while the Govern-
ment receives little, but it runs all through the
system. i recently received a letter from one
of my constituents complaining of the duty on
morphine, an article of absolute necessity to
every physician. Upon examination I find the
duty to be $2 50, gold, per ounce! This duty
being prohibitory, no morphine is imported ;
the Government receives no benefit from this
enormous tax, while the pockets of certain
New York and Philadelphia manufacturers
are filled. i also received a petition signed by
the soap and glass manufacturers of my city,
complaining of the duties on the crude sodas.
The following is an extract from a letter ac-
companying the petition, which explains itself:
" Previous to the war the soda products entered
dutv free, inasmuch as they were used only for man-
ufacturing purposes and could not be produced hero
profitably without protection, and then only trom
foreign material; since which time, however, a duty
is imposed on soda-ash of half a cent per pound;
caustic soda, one cent and a half per pound; sal-soda
half a cent per pound; bicarbonate soda one cent and
a half per pound ; bleachmg-powdcr, thirty ccnts
per pound, ail gold, yielding a revenue winch affects
every consumer in the country, or in other words
every family or individual without distinction. A.l
of these articles enter the arts as an indispensable
base for tho production of others of absolute neces-
Slt" Three fourths of all the soda-ash, sal-soda, and
caustic soda imported is used ill the manufacture ot
soap and thebalance for various manufacturing pur-
noses Bicarbonate of soda lauded laiguiyior baking-
powder and in the arts. 13leaehmg-powder or chlo-
rido of lime is used extensively as a b) eachmg mate-
rial for cotton and woolen iabries and as a valuable
disinfectant. , . , ^ L.
" Excepting bleaehin^-powder anusoda-asfi all ot
these aro made in this country by one concern only,
to whom the community of every class pay an annual
tribute, besides contributing to the revenue a merely
nominal sum. which without a duty would stimulate
manufacture beyond our own boundaries. As tho
industry of the country is not enhanced by jsuch pro-
tection manufacturers are prevented from sending
their productions abroad in competition with foreign
makers, muoh to their detriment, without giving tho
Government a revenue commensurate with th e reve-
nue which might bo derived from domestic produc-
tion under increased facilities."
Such, then, is the character of our tariff that
while it oppresses the people with heavy taxes
it yields but little to the Government. Such is
the natural result of the so-called protective
policy ; it isavowedlya polieyforprivate inter-
ests and not for revenue; it is class legisla-
tion, and as such deserves to be odious; it pro-
tosts a favored few at the expense of the many
and raises certain pet industries at the expense
of others. If the western farmer wishes to buy
cloth, a yard of which in the markets of the
world is worth a bushel of his wheat, this
tariff compels him to pay two bushels for it,
and tho extra bushel and th© labor which pro-
duced it goes not to the Treasury but to the
protected cloth manufacturer. Every mechanic
who buys tools must pay three day's wages for
that which but for this tariff he might get for
two, and the extra day's waj*es goes to the
protected iron and steel manufacturer. _ Thus
we pay tribute to somebody from morning trill
night; the clothes we wear, the tools with
which we work, the great appliances of indus-
try, agricultural and mechanical machinery,
needle and thread, the salt with which we sea-
son our daily bread, everything that enters into
the construction of railroads and ships, where-
by our products are carried to market—all are
subject to tribute; we pay for them first their
natural market value, and next a bounty into
the pocket of the privileged manufacturer.
Now, there is 110 objection to that part of tho
tariff which brings money into the Treasury.
The public debt must bo paid and the people
are willing to bo taxed for it; but just where the
tariff ceases to produce, revenue for the Gov-
ernment and furnishes bounties to the man-
ufacturer it becomes objectionable. In other
words, a revenue tariff is proper and legal, but
a tariff to further private interests at the expense
of the revenue is obnoxious and in my opinion
unconstitutional.
THE TARIFF DISCRIMINATES IN FAVOR OF THE EICII.
But now let us see how the tariff conforms
to the other requisite of wholesome taxation
before mentioned, namely : citizens ought to
contribute according to their, means; in other
words, luxuries used by the wealthy sliould be
taxed high ; necessaries of life, which tho poor-
est should have, should bo taxed low.
Under our present tariff the duty upon coarse
cloth, such as is used by the poor, is one hun-
dred and thirty-five per cent., while upon fine
cloth, used by the rich, it is but forty-five :
upon cheap cotton dress goods one hundred
and twenty-five per cent. ; upon silks and
satins, sixty. A woolen undershirt, such as is
used by a workingman, pays ninety-seven per
cent., and a common blanket one hundred
and forty ; a fine camel-hair shawl but tliirty-
fivc ; a common rug one hundred and twenty-
seven per cent.; Brussels carpet sixty-nine ;
salt one hundred and seventy; champague
sixty.
Now, what is tho secret of this_ beautiful,
statesmanlike discrimination? It is that our
tariff has been adjusted not upon the broad
principles of justice to the people, but upon
the narrow principle of profit to the American
manufacturer. Wherever there was a manu-
facturer to protect there was a pressure -upon
Congress for high duties, while the luxuries
which are not manufactured here were left to
take care of themselves.
PROTECTION THEORIES.
And what benefits do we derive from this
protective tariff system, which discriminates
111 favor of the rich and which takes from the
people much while it yields to the Govern-
ment little? The protectionist will tell you it
