1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
By Mr. AMES : The petition of R. 0. Love
of Texas, to be relieved from political disabili-
ties.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of J. M. Hur-
ley and 07 others, citizens of Sticklersville,
Sullivan county, Missouri, praying that the
- franking privilege be abolished, and that on
printed mutter of the second-class postage be
prepaid.
By Mr. BliAITY: The petition of Moses
Oari 5 Albert Wetcrait, and many others^ citi-
zens of Caledonia, Ohio, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of William P. Jackson, J.
Welch, and G/ others, citizens of Broad-
W!r>'' asking the same.
t By Mr. LECIv:^ A petition of a number of
citizens of Palo Alto, Chickasaw county, Mis-
sissippi, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. BENNETT: A petition from Erie
county, New York, asking the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. BENTON: The petition of Joseph
Burnbam, company B, sixth New Hampshire
volunteers, asking increase of pension.
By Mr. BURCHARD : A petition from citi-
zensof Sterling, Illinois, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of the citizens of Warren,
Illinois, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a memorial of the board of super-
visors of Whiteside county, Illinois, offering a
site for the national capital.
By Mr. BURR: The petition of Reuben J.
Murray, company G, first United States vol-
unteers, for bounty.
_ By Mr. CAKE: A petition againsUhe frank-
ing privilege signed by citizens of Llewellyn,
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania.
Also, a petition against the franking priv-
ilege from citizens of Auburn, Schuylkill
county, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. CHAVES : The petition of W. K.
McCormick and ten others, citizens of Fort
Selden, county of Dona Ana, Territory oCNew
Mexico, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of C. A. Halm, John C.
Dent, and 66 others, citizens of Port Union,
Mora county, Territory of New Mexico, pray-
ing the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of J. J. Stevens and 49
others, citizens of Ute Creek, Colfax county,
Territory of New Mexico, praying the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: The petition
of 1). R. Sylvester and others, citizens of
Castle Rock, Grant county, Wisconsin, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. COBB, of North Carolina: The peti-
tion of William M. Shipp, of Mecklenburg
county, North Carolina, asking the removal
of his political disabilities.
Also, the petition of Lewis Haues, of David-
son county, North Carolina, asking the re-
moval of his political disabilities.
By Mr. COOK: A petition of citizens of
La Salle, Illinois, forthe abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Plattville, Illi-
nois, for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Naperville, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of New Lennox,
Illinois, for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the memorial of James McGrew, pres-
ident of the Kankakee and Illinois Kver Rail-
road Company, for a reduction of import duty
upon steel rails.
By Mr. COVVLES: The petition of Peter
Fingleton, of Lyons, New York, for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. CULLOM: A petition of citizens,
asking the repeal of the franking law.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of Daniel
Ross and a large number of citizens of Murray,
New lork, praying for the abolition of the
trankmg privilege.
Also, the petition of James McQueen and 200
others, citizens of Mumford, New York, asking
tor the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. DICKINSON : The petition of J.
others, citizens of Birmingham,
line county, Ohio, praying for the abolition
ot the franking privilege.
. ^r- DONLEY: The petition of George
W. Bell and 58 others, citizensof Burgettstown,
Beaver county, Pennsylvania, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 100 citizens of Greene
county, Pennsylvania, asking that the twelfth
section of the revenue law of July 20, 18G8,
prohibitingfJouring-millsfromgrinduig for cus-
tom when attached to distilleries, bo repealed
or changed.
By Mr. ELDRIDGE: A petition of citizens
of the town of Lowell, Wisconsin, for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Kewaskum,
Wisconsin, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio : The petition
or John P. Lake, late of company F, twenty-
fourth regiment Ohio volunteers, for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. GOLLADAY: A petition of citizens
of Sharon Grove, Todd county, Kentucky,
praying for the abolition of the iraiikmg privi-
lege.
Also, a petition of citizensof Metcalf county,
Kentucky, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. IIALDEMAN: The petition of
Michael Anstine and others, citizens of Wind-
sor, York^ county, Pennsylvania, in favor of
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. 1IAMILL: The petition of George
W. Hood and 50 others, citizens of Maryland,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. HEFLIN: A petition from citizens
of Randolph county, State of Alabama, pray-
ing for the abolishment of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of M. D. South-
wick, and others, of Miilvilie, Massachusetts,
to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Esek Saunders and
others, of Grafton, Massachusetts, forthe same
purpose.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: A petition to
abolish the franking privilege, by citizens of
Independence, Augusta, Downingsville, and
Clark Creek, Kentucky.
By Mr. JUDD : The petition of T. K. Holden
and 11 other manufacturing firms of Chicago,
Illinois, representing 1,700 workmen, denying
certain statements in Commissioner Wells's
report, and asking that the truth may be made
public.
Also, the petition of A. B. Meeker and 4
other manufacturing firms of the West, repre-
senting 735 workmen, expressing their belief
that the pretended statistics of Commissioner
Wells will be found on examination to be erro-
neous.
Also, the petition of Margaret Pattison for
back pay and pension, on account of her son,
William J. Pattison, deceased.
Also, the remonstrance of P. W. Gates,
President of Eagle Iron Works, and others,
against the extension of the patent of George
H. Corliss as to steam-engines.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of Lewis
Schramm, late lieutenant one hundred and
twenty-fourth Indiana volunteers, praying spe-
cial legislation providing for his back pay as
an officer.
Also, the memorial of Julia Finley, praying
amendment of pension laws in her favor.
By Mr. KNAPP: A petition of citizens of
Cherry Valley, Otsego county, New York, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of South Edmes-
ton, Otsego county, New York, for the same
purpose.
. Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of W. J
\\ oodworth and others, citizens of Alexandria,
Jefferson county. New York, praying for tlio
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of D. J. Stillman and
others, citizens of Poland, Herkimer comity,
New lork, of same import.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of Charles
Brewster, for relief from accountability for
funds taken from him by the rebels.
_ By Mr. MAYHAM: Several petitions of
citizens of Albany, New York, for the repeal
or the franking privilege.
By Mr. McCRARY : A petition of citizens
of Vau Buren county, Iowa, prayingthe amend-
ment of the Constitution ot the United States
so as to recognize Almighty God and the
Christian religion. -
By Mr. McGREW: A petition of 44 citizens
of Morgan county, West Virginia, for theabol-
ishment of the franking privilege.
By Mr. McNEELY : The petition of G. W.
Magee and others, citizens of Cass county, Illi-
nois, asking for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
, By Mr, MOORE, of Illinois: A petition pray-
ing for the relief of Mr. James Millicau, of
Illinois, signed by numerous citizens of that
State.
_ By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: The peti-
tion of Stitt & Underbill,woolen manufacturers,
of Franklin, New Jersey, and 118 of their em-
ployes, declaring that the recommendations in
the report of Commissioner Wells will bo a
most, dangerous guide to legislation.
Also, the petition of B. Underhill and com-
pany, woolen manufacturers of Franklin, New
Jersey, and 80 employes, protesting against
the false assumptions in Commissioner Wells's
report.
Also, the petition of William Duncan, woolen
manufacturer, representing 05 employes, and
L. W. & H. B. Duncan, printers and dyers,
and 60 of their employ6s, praying that Con-
gress will order an examination of the report
of Commissioner Wells, and denying its truth-
fullness.
Also, the petition of Joel J. Robinson, post-
master, and 39 others, citizens ofEwing's Neck,
New .Jersey, to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Joseph E. Ilughes, and
42 others, citizens of Cold Springs, New Jer-
sey, to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of William H. Bolte and
33 others, citizens of Egg Harbor city, New
Jersey, to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 44 citizens of Fairton,
New Jersey, requesting the repeal of the frank-
ing privilege.
Also, a petition of 51 residents of Franklin-
ville^ New Jersey, asking for repeal of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. MOltRELL, of Pennsylvania: A
petition of 45 citizens of Wilmore, Cambria
county, Pennsylvania, asking that the franking
privilege be abolished.
Also, the petition of Joseph A. Green and
others, representing 260 workers in iron, in
Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania, declaring
that the conclusions in the report of Commis-
sioner Wells are a libel on American manu-
facturers and workingmen.
Also, the petition of E. Hammond, manufac-
turer of pig-metal and blooms, in Blair county,
Pennsylvania, representing 320 workmen,pray-
ing that Congress will effectually confute the
errors of Commissioner Wells's report.
By Mr. MUNGEN: The petition of Hon. G.
W. Andrews and 25 others, citizens of Wnpa-
koneta, Auglaize county, Ohio, for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of William Anspach and
105 others, citizens of Allen county, Ohio, ask-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Clemens Stueve, and 35
others, citizensof Auglaize county, Ohio, on
the same subject.
