772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of Samuel
Moore, on behalf of the butchers of Plymouth,
Indiana, for a protective clause, in the license
law against groceries and provision stores retail-
ing fresh meat by the small.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of Nancy
Burke and others, of Springfield, Vermont,
praying for the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
By Mr. POTTER : A petition from citizens
of Patterson, New York, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York
city and vicinity, for the passage of Jeuckes's
civil service bill.
By Mr. PROSSER: A petition of certain
citizens of Tennessee, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. READING: A petition of 43 citizens
of Rocksville, Bucks county, Pennsylvania,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. RICE : A petition of sundry citizens
of Mason county, Kentucky, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of citizens
of Washington, California, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Mount Eden,
California, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of San Lorenzo,
California, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Georgetown,
California, for the same purpose.
By Mr. SAWYER: The memorial of N.
Anderson arid 48 others, citizens of Scandi-
navia, Wisconsin, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. STILES: A petition of citizens of
Emaus, Lehigh county, Pennsylvania, in favor
of abolishing the franking privilege.
Also, a petition from Rogers Ford, Mont-
gomery county, Pennsylvania, for the same
purpose.
Also, a petition from citizens of Perkiomen
Bridge, Pennsylvania, in favor of the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition from citizens of Zeiglersville,
Pennsylvania, to the same effect.
By Mr. STOKES: The petition of Eliza
P. Reeves, widow of Captain W. W. Reeves,
deceased, asking relief.
By Mr. STOUGHTON: The petition of Eri
Beebe and many others, citizens of Decatur,
Michigan, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of William Armstrong
and many others, citizens of Mottville, Mich-
igan, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of R. Barker and many
others, citizens of Breedsville, Michigan, for
the same purpose.
Also, the petition of S. S. Chapman and
many others, citizens of Cass county, Michigan,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Colonel M. Mudge and
many others, citizens of Quincy, Michigan, for
the same purpose.
By Mr. STRONG : The memorial of James
C. Walkley, president of Connecticut River
Railroad Company, for reduction of duty of
imported iron and steel rails.
By Mr. TOWNSEND: The petition of Jos.
Pomeroy, jr., and others, citizens of Chester
county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. TRIMBLE: The petition of Post-
master W. D. Morton and others, citizens of
Caldwell county, Kentucky, to abolish the
franking privilege.
^Also, the petition of Postmaster William
Knower and others, to abolish the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of Postmaster J. M. Brewer
and others, citizens of Grover county, Ken-
tucky, praying the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. UPSON: The memorial of R. R. Pee-
bles, of Cleveland, Ohio, asking amendment
of the pension laws.
By Mr. WELLS: The petition of Alfred
Deviney and others, of St. Louis county, Mis-
souri, in favor of abolishing the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. WILLARD: The petition of Charles
E. Wellin and others, of North Bennington,
asking for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. WINANS: The petition of George
W. Haynie and 115 others, citizens of Wester-
ville, Franklin county, Ohio, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WITCHER: The petition of Robert
F. Wetzel, postmaster, and 110 others, citizens
of Ravenswood, Jackson county, West Vir-
ginia, praying the abolition of the franking'
privilege.
Also, the petition of William A. Monroe and
80 others, citizens of Union, Monroe county ;
George Hunt and 50 others, citizens of Mount-
ain Cove, Fayette county, West Virginia;
Thomas Coleman and 40 others, citizens of
Mure's Bottom, Jackson county,West Virginia,
praying the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WOODWARD: A petition of citi-
zens of Susquehanna county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 20, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon. Johjj Pool, from the State of North
Carolina, appeared in his seat to-day.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. HARLAN presented the credentials of
Hon. James B. Howell, elected by the Legis-
lature of Iowa a Senator from that State to fill
the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of
Hon. James W. Grimes.
The credentials were read; and the oaths
prescribed by law having been administered
to Mr. Howell, he took his seat in the Senate.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 975) to dedicate the
public agricultural lands in the State of Cali-
fornia to homestead and preemption purposes
was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. NYE. Before that bill shall be referred
I ask that it lie on the table awhile. I under-
stand the Senator from California desires to
have it put on its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so ordered. The bill will
lie on the table.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to introduce au order, for its
adoption before the presentation of petitions.
I ask that it may be read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Ordered, That all memorials and petitions for the
abolition of the franking privilege may bo filed with
the Secretary of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none, and that order is made.
Mr. POMEROY. I was going to suggest to
the Senator from Maine that the order should
be modified so as to relate to all petitions that
may be presented before the committee report,
or during this session. As it now stands it is
to be a perpetual order.
Mr. HAMLIN. Add, then, the words "dur-
ing the present session."
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. That modifica-
tion will be made. The Chair will state that
the Secretary would desire to have Senators
write their names on the petitions which they
present, so that they can be properly recorded
m the Secretary's office.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ui'y, communicating in compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate of December 20,1869, the
report of Captain Charles Bryant, late special
agent of the Treasury Department in Alaska;
which was referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents a concurrent resolution of the Legislature
of the State of Kansas, praying for the passage
of an act of Congress to remove the national
capital to the Fort Leavenworth military res-
ervation. To which committee shall this res-
olution be referred? It relates to the removal
of the national capital.
Mr. COLE and others. To the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The VICE PRESIDENT.- If no other mo-
tion is made, it will be referred to that com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT also presented a
concurrent resolution of the Legislature of
Kansas, praying the passage of an act of Con-
gress giving that State the increased represent-
ation to which she is entitled by her increased
population; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Revision- of the Laws of the
United States.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Wisconsin, for the regrant-
ing of the land heretofore granted to aid in the
construction of a railroad from Lake St. Croix
to Superior and Bayfield ; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a concurrent resolution
of the Legislature of Kansas, praying the abo-
lition of the franking privilege ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Montana Territory, praying
an appropriation by Congress of $40,000 for a
road -in said Territory from Helena to the
Snake river ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented four petitions
of citizens of Tennessee, praying the abolition
of the franking privilege ; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. POMEROY presented a concurrent
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Kruisas, relating to a portion of the Shawnee
reservation, in the State of Kansas, known as
the Black Bob reservation, and praying such
action of Congress as may be necessary to
extinguish the title of the Indians to the lands
thereof, and to enable the actual settlers thereon
to purchase the same at fair and reasonable
rates ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also presenteda concurrent resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Kansas, in favor
of tri-weekly service on the mail route running
from Junction City, via Lake Sibley, to New
Scandinavia, Kansas; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented a concurrent resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Kansas,
praying the abolition of the franking privilege ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a concurrent resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Kansas, in
favor of the bill introduced by General H. E.
Paine, of Wisconsin, in the Congress of the
United States, looking to the early apportion-
ment of representation under the coming cen-
sus, and whereby the States entitled to in-
creased representation may obtain the same
after the 3d day of March, 1871; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the removal of
the national capital from Washington to Fort
