1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Leavenworth military reservation, Kansas;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
He also presented four petitions from citizens
of the United States, praying for the passage
of a sixteenth amendment to the Constitution
ot the United States, to be submitted to the
Legislatures of the several States for ratifica-
tion, which shall secure to all citizens the right
of suffrage without distinction of sex; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, for the
regranting of the lands heretofore granted to
aid in the construction of railroads fiom Lake
St. Croix to Superior and Bayfield : which v, as
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
of Philena Tracy, of Norwich, Connecticut, a
widow of a soldier of the war of 1812, praying
to be allowed a pension; which wa,s referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT. I present the petition of Hon.
Thomas A. Hendricks and other members of
the bar of the city of Indianapolis, in which
they pray that the salaries of the justices of
the Supreme Court may be increased, and like-
wise the salaries of the judges of the circuit
and district courts and Court of Claims. I
move that this petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I present also, at the instance
of an eminent lady of this city who has dis-
tinguished herself by services she has rendered
to the poor, the memorial of three thousand
one hundred and ten men and women of the
States of New York, Michigan, Ohio, Iowa,
and Pennsylvania, and as it is brief I beg leave
to read it:
To the Senate and IIousc of Representatives
of the United States:
The undersigned, men and women of the United
States, ask for the prompt passage by your hon-
orable bodies of an amendment of the Constitution,
to bo submitted to the Legislatures of the several
States for ratification, which shall secure to all citi-
zens the right of suffrage without distinction ofsex.
I move that this memorial be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to present a peti-
tion of citizens of Ohio in regard to the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege  
The VICE PRESIDENT. By an order just
made by the Senate all such petitions are to be
handed to the Secretary with the name of the
Senator presenting them indorsed thereon, so
as to save the time of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I was not in when that
was done.
Mr. HAMILTON presented a memorial of
Pool & Hunt and others, of Baltimore, Mary-
land, remonstrating against the granting of the
petition of George H. Corliss for the extension
of his letters-patent of March 10, 1849, for
improvements in the steam-engine ; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of Fer-
nando J. Moreno, late marshal of the southern
district of Florida, for remuneration for the sup-
port of certain Africans captured from Cuban
slave-traders by the United States Navy in the
year 18C0 upon the high seas and delivered
into his custody; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWARD. I present a petition of
several persons of Athens, in the county of
Calhoun, State of Michigan, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege. I notice
that the postage was not prepaid on the petition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be referred under the rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present a
petition of citizens of Williamstown, Vermont,
praying for the same thing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred
under the rale.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I present a petition of
citizens of North Galway, New York, upon
which, I bog to say to the honorable Senator
from Michigan, I observe that the postage is
prepaid by a stamp canceled according to the
usages and rules of the Post Office Depart-
ment. I observe also that this petition is not
headed by the postmaster, nor does his name
appear upon it at all. It seems to be the
petition of enlightened and uncoerced citizens,
who ask that an abuse be corrected which they
style the franking privilege.
Mr. NYE. I am sorry to call the honorable
Senator from New York to order, but under
the rule which the Senate has just made all
these petitions are to be handed to the Secre-
tary.
Mr. CONKLING. Was that rule made by
the Senator from Nevada?
Mr, NYE. No, sir; by the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state to the Senator from New York,
that before betook his seat this morning, upon
the motion of the Senator from Maine, the
Senate unanimously resolved that all petitions
tor the abolition of the franking privilege should,
instead of being presented in open Senate, be
handed in to the Secretary's table with the
name of the Senator presenting them, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads. If a Senator desires to present
such petitions he can ask unanimous consent
for that purpose.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon of the Chair.
I was not in xvhen that rule was adopted, and
I regret that it prevents my presenting another
very numerously signed petition on the same
subject, which I now send to the Secretary's
table.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 think on looking at the
order the Chair will find that he has misappre-
hended its scope. It says that such petitions
may be filed. I do not think that precludes a
Senator presenting them iu open session if he
desires so to do. I did not mean so to preclude
them, although I supposed every Senator would
present them to the Secretary instead of taking
up unnecessarily the time of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, then,
did not hear it correctly; his hearing was at
fault. The Chair will read it, as the Senate is
now fuller than it was when the order was
made. It is as the Senator from Maine states :
Ordered, That during the present session all memo-
rials and petitions for the abolition of the franking
privilege may be tiled with tho Secretary of the Sen-
ate and referred to tho Committee on Post Offices and
Post ltoads.
Mr. POMEROY. Ifthatis open to amend-
ment I will move to insert " shall " instead of
" may."
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not amend-
able at the present time.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I am permitted,
despite the rule, to say again to the Senatorfrom
Michigan that a still larger petition which 1 pre-
sented, coming from citizens of Suffolk county,
New York, came also with the postage prepaid,
and the name of the postmaster does not head
the petition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator
from Kansas asks unanimous consent 
Mr. POMEROY. No ; it is not before the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order can
only be changed by unanimous consent, or by
amending the rules in the manner provided by
the rules.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the memorial of
Henry Etting, paymaster United States Navy,
praying that the accounting officers of the
Treasury Department be authorized to credit
him with the sum of $1,098 51, now charged to
him on the books of the Fourth Auditor; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have received a com-
munication from the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee of the House of Representatives,
directed to me as chairman of the Committee
on Private Land Claims of the Senate, repre-
senting that that committee has the McGarra-
han claim under consideration, and requesting
me to send the papers to that committee. Last
session a bill was introduced, and that bill,
together with these papers, was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims of tho Sen-
ate. I have thought it would be alittle irregular
for the committee to send these papers to the
other House without the consent of the Senate.
I therefore move that the Committee on Private
Land Claims be discharged from the consider-
ation of that subject for the present, and that
the Secretary be authorized to send the papers
to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House
of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ? The Chair hears none, and that order
will be made.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That tho petition of P. P. Pitehlyn bo
taken from the files and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. RICE. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
235) in relation to exemplifications of public
records, have directed me to report it back,
and recommend its indefinite postponement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be indefinitely post-
poned. It is so ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. It. No. 781) making appro-
priations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year end-
trig June 30, 1871, reported it with amend-
ments.
Air. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
extra copies of the report of the Postmaster
General in relation to modifications of the
present postal treaty with France, have in-
structed me to report it back with an amend-
ment. I ask fot its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
Resolved, That one thousand copies of the report
of tho Postmaster Uenoral, m compliance with the
resolution oftheSonateofthcl7thinstant, beprinted
for tho use of the Senate.
The Committee on Printing reported the
resolution with an amendment to strike out
" one thousand" and insert "five hundred."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask leave to introduce
a bill accompanied with certain official papers
from the Interior Department. I ask that the
bill be read a first and second time, and, with
the accompanying papers, printed, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 441) prescribing
the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury in
certain cases therein named; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 108) authorizing tiie President to
permit William. L. Hanscom, late a naval con-
structor of the Navy of the United States, to
withdraw his resignation of that office; which
was read twice by its title, referred t-o the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
442) to establish a military prison ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill(S. No. 440)
to release from Government reservation the
Island of Yerba Buena, or Goat Island, in the
