774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Bay of San Francisco ; which, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 444) supplementary to an act to
provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,
approved June 3, 1864 ; which was read twice
by its title, and ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 445) to amend an act for a grant of lands
to the State of Kansas in alternate sections to
aid in the construction of certain railroads and
telegraphs in said State; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 446) to appoint an appraiser of merchan-
dise for the port of Mobile; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
447) to incorporate the Missouri, Kansas, and
Texas Railway Company; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. DRAKE. I will state that I introduced
this bill at the request of parties interested, and
do not consider myself committed at this time
to its support. I move that it be printed, and
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
The motion was agreed to.
SAN DIEOO IIA11BOR.
Mr. COLE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be directed
to send to the Senate the reccnt report of the survey
of the harbor of San Diego, in California, made
under the orders of the War Department, with a
view to the improvement of said harbor.
KOK.T RIDGELY MILITARY JllSSEKVATIOJJ.
Mr. RAMSEY'. 1 believe the morning busi-
ness has now been gone through with, and 1
ask the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 351.
It will occupy but a few moments of time. It
is a local bill. I move that it be considered.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 351) for the protec-
tion of the settlers within the Port Ridgely
military reservation, Minnesota.
The Committee on Public Lands proposed
to amend the bill by striking out all after the
enacting clause, in the following words:
That the War Department having abandoned the
Fort Ridgely military reservation, Minnesota, the
lands embraced within the limits of said reservation
shall hereafter be subject to disposal to individuals
as other public lands, and all persons who have made,
or prior to said abandonment may make bona fide
actual settlements under the preemption or home-
stead Jaws of the United States upon any of the lands
embraced within said limits shall be allowed to per-
fect their entries in accordance with the requirements
of tile retentive acts, and pursuant to such instruc-
tions as may bo given by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office.
And in lieu thereof insert :
That the War Department having abandoned the
Port Ridgely reservation, it shall be the duty of the
becretary of War, immediately upon the passage of
this act, to cause to be appraised the Government
improvementsupon said reservation, andshall report
the value thereof to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, designating the particular legal subdi-
vision of land upon which the same exist; and the
lands within said reservation not heretofore entered
and patented phall be subjcct to disposal under the
preemption laws of the United States, or at private
entry after public offering and for cash only, and
persons entering upon or purchasingsaid lartdsshall
pay the appraised value of the Government improve-
ments that may appear to exist on their respective
claims at the date of proving up or of purchase at
private entry.
Skc. 2. And be -it further enacted. That all entries
which have been made on lands within the limits of
the said reserve and ior which the General Land
Office may have issued patents in regular form, not
having at the time knowledge of said reserve, be.
and the same aro hereby, confirmed: Provided, That
the value of the Government improvements thereon
have been or shall be paid for by the persona making
said entries or by their assigns: Andvrovided further,
That the same shall be paid for within oneyear from
the passage of this act; and if the same are not paid
for within the time designated the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized to and shall imme-
diately thereafter institute judicial proceedings
against any and all of the said parties or their as-
signs failing to make said payment, with the view to
vacate the patents which may have issued.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all entries
heretofore made on said lands and not yet patented
aro hereby declared, at the discretion of the Com-
missioner, null and void, and directed to be canceled
by the said Commissioner of the General Land Office,
and the lands embraced therein shall be disposed of
under the provisions of this act.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have only to say that this
bill has been well considered by the Commit-
tee oti Public Lands, and indeed the substi-
tute they liave offered for it has been drafted
by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office. Every interest has been thoroughly
guarded, and I think there can be no objection
on the part of Senators to its passage. It
simply relieves a parcel of poor people .who
got on the Fort Ridgely reservation, and who
cannot without this legislation get a title.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
to have the communication from the War
Department read.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a communication
from the War Department, dated December
10, 1869, addressed to the Senate in answer to
a resolution of mine on this subject, which I
send up to the desk to have read, showing that
the War Department have abandoned the
further occupancy of Fort Ridgely as a mili-
tary reservation. Indeed, they have twice com-
municated that fact to the Senate. I ask that
the communication be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
War Department, December 10,1860.
The Secretary of War, in answer to the Senate's
resolution of March 23,1809, has the honor to report
that the Fort Ridgely military reservation, in Min-
nesota, is no longer required for military purposes:
but as buildings have from time to time been erected
thereon at great cost to the United States, which
have boen offered at an appraised valuation believed
to be less than one tenth their present worth to one
B. H. Randall, formerly sutler of the military post
of Fort Ridgely, who lays claim to the site of the
reserve by virtue of a patent obtained from tho Gen-
eral Land Office under circumstances which warrant
the War Department in refusing to recognize his
pretended rights until they have stood the test of a
judicial inquiry, and as said Randall has declined to
pay the appraised value of said buildings the mili-
tary authorities have retained possession of the re-
serve in order that tho public rights may not be
wholly sacrificed.
WILLIAM W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the substitute reported by the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN. I noticed a clause in the
amendment, if I heard it read correctly, provid-
ing for the commencement of a suit to vacate
these patents. I do not understand the mean-
ing of such a clause. It is not usual, I think,
for the Government to give deeds to land before
the money is paid in.
Mr. TRUMBULL.
the land on credit?
Mr. RAMSEY. I will explain the bill to
the Senator from Iowa if he will give me a
moment's time. The Fort Ridgely military
reservation is upon the Minnesota river, about
one hundred and fifty miles west of St. Paul.
Since the removal of the Sioux Indians to
another reservation its necessity has passed
away. There is no occasion for it any further;
and really for two or three years, probably
four years, there has been no practical occu-
pancy of it by the Government. In the mean
time, as is usual in such cases, a great number
of people have entered upon these lands.
There is no special value in them at all; but
still they have gone upon them, made their
homes there, and brought their families there.
They are mostly—as you know, sir, the people
on the frontier generally are—poor people.
They are without their titles, and the object
of this legislation is to enable the Government
Do they propose to sell
to quiet their possession and give them Ihe
title upon payment for the land.
There were buildings upon that reservation,
a very few of them, confined to the southeast
corner probably of the tract. There are thirty
thousand acres in the tract, and the improve-
ments probably did not occupy over one hun-
dred and sixty or possibly two hundred acres.
The buildings were of value as barracks, but
are of no special value at present. However,
the War Department, before abandoning the
occupancy of the reservation and turning it
over to the General Land Office, had an inspec-
tion of these buildings and determined their
value. They assessed a value upon the prop-
erty, for instance, bought by Mr. Randall, who
had formerly been a sutler at the post, and
who, by the way, I think should be relieved of
all the censure that is implied in the report of
the commission that examined and valued this
property.
Now, sir, for the purpose of compelling these
parties to pay the assessed value of this prop-
erty there is reserved power to the Secretary
of the Interior to commence suits for the vaca-
tion of these patents. If the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa had observed the bill closely
at the time of its reading he would have seen
the necessity for this clause. If these parties
decline to pay the assessed value of these
buildings, then the Secretary of the Interior is
directed to enter upon these proceedings to
coerce payment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How long a time are
they to have in which to pay?
Mr. RAMSEY. One year. The time is
very short. All these buildings arc within a
very small circle. Now, as to Mr. Randall,
upon whom these proceedings may imply some-
thing of a reflection unless there be an explana-
tion, I will say that in 1864 or 1865 the War
Department abandoned the further use of this
tract as a reservation. The Land Office had
no information of its military use, and never
had auy. It is most singular that there never
was any information filed in the Land Office
that the War Department had set aside this
tract of land for a reservation, and conse-
quently tho lands were offered for sale. Mr.
Randall went down to the local land office at
St. Peters and protested against the sale and
urged the officers, successfully I think, to with-
draw the sale at that time. But probably for-
getting what was then done, after a lapse of
time the lands were again offered for sale, and
after remonstrating with the office without
effect he bid in this property upon which build-
ings had been placed worth some two or three
thousand dollars.
The committee were satisfied, I am myself,
and so is the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, that this bill guards every interest
of the Government and of the people on the
reservation.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the Senator
a question. If these lands were never set
apart as a military reservation what necessity
is there for this legislation ? It seems to me
that this credit of one year to this man, making
him an exception to all other purchasers of pub-
lic domain, is unfair. It probably means that
next year there is to be another bill introduced
to relieve him from payment entirely on the
ground that the value of his improvements is
equal to the value of the land.
Mr. RAMSEY. He is to pay the Govern-
ment some four thousand dollars. The only
question is whether you can get a cent from him
now. By this legislation you compel him to pay
the money into the Treasury. It is in the interest
of the Government, aud I am surprised that the
Senator should object to it.
Mr. NYE. If the title to this land is in the
Government now, I take it for granted there
is no great question about in whose hands the
improvements are. If they are upon Govern-
ment land, if the statement of the honorable
Senator is correct, there certainly can be no
necessity for legislation on this subject.
