1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
Mr. RAMSEY. Probably in one stage of
this reservation that might have been the case;
but inasmuch as the Government has acted as
though this were a legal military reservation
this legislation is necessary.
Mr. NYE. On the contrary, if the Gov-
ernment never set it apart and dedicated it
for military purposes it belongs to the public
domain ; but under the simple pretense that
the military have occupied it for a short time
the honorable Senator by his bill makes an
exceptional sale to this man on credit, while
other people are obliged to pay cash.
Mr. IiAMSEY. I would say to the honor-
able Senator, who is so much concerned about
this one man, that heisbutoneof two hundred.
Mr. NYE. I do not care how many there
are. If the honorable Senator's statement is
correct all legislation on the subject is idle, for
the land belongs to the public domain, and is
subject to the laws now existing regulating the
public domain.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am rather
surprised at the temerity of my friend from
Nevada in rising to throw any obstructions in
the way of a bill presented by the Senator from
Minnesota in relation to land. I thought that
I was the only Senator who could presume to
say " n o" to any thing that the Senator from Min-
nesota asked in relation to public lands ; and
he has such winning ways about him that I
have for some time been almost discouraged.
I feel that I shall not hold out much longer.
Now, Mr. President, this seems to be a res-
ervation of land that has acquired additional
value from having been occupied by the Gov-
ernment for a military station. Why should
not the Government do with it as they do with
other military reservations, or as they did with
Fort Snelling? Sell it for what it will bring.
Why should they throw it into the hands ot
this purchaser, who it seems went forward and
prevented other men from buying it at'auction,
and when be had prevented those men notii
obtaining possession of it immediately took
occasion at the earliest opportunity to get it
himself? Very like the small puppy that orove
the cat away from the bowl of cream and made
the fur fly splendidly when the cat was licking
off the cream ; but no sooner had the cat got
away than the dog himself went to licking out
of the same bowl. That seems to be the atti-
tude of this man Randall. He was unwilling
that others should go and buy this property;
but lie has got possession of it and my menu
from Minnesota is disposed to allow bim a
credit upon it. I do not know anything aoout
this case except from what I hear of this bill
as it is read ; but it seems to me that if there
is a valuable property here it is the duty of the
Government to obtain whatever and the most
it will bring in the market.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I am satis-
fied in relation to the point I raised. 1 he credit
proposed here is not to be given to the pui-
chaser of the land for the land ; but it seems
from a careful examination of the second sec-
tion of the bill that some of this land has been
sold, and patents have issued for the land,
and that on some of the tracts there aie lm
provementa made by the Government; an<l
this bill seeks to compel the purchaser ot the
land to pay for the buildings that were on the
land when the Government^ made the sale to
the settlers, and the credit is to apply to the
value of the buildings after the transaction shall
have been approved by the Secretary of War.
So far as my objection to the bill is concerned
it has been removed by the explanation made
by the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. POMEROY. So far as this bill is con-
cerned I think it is very easily explained if it
needs any explanation. The War Department,
to be sure, did make a military reservation
there, but they neglected to report it to the
Interior Department. It was surveyed under
the direction of the Secretary of Wai, wuh
metes and bounds definitely, thej- aid not
report that survey to the Interior Department,
so that there was no knowledge in the Land
Office that there was any military reservation
there. The Land Office, therefore, went on
and sold and disposed of some of these lands,
and patented them the same as if there had
been no military reservation there. The War
Department, however, when they came to
abandon this reservation, being interested, as
they should be, to protect the Government in
its property, held on to it until some provision
could be made by which those who got the land
should pay for the buildings; and after con-
ferring with the Secretary of War and the Secre-
tary of the Interior it was decided that the lands
ought to goto the occupants, but that the build-
ings should be paid for at an appraised value.
This particular bill was sent to the Interior
Department; and the Secretary of the Interior
and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office wrote this amendment and sent it back
to us to protect the Government and to secure
to the Government the pay for the buildings on
the land. All the land will be taken under the
preemption law at $1 25 an acre, but the build-
ings must be paid for at their appraised value
before the parties can secure a title; and ii any
of them refuse to pay, then the bill authorizes
the Secretary of the Interior to vacate the title
they have got. They got this title when it was
not known in the Land Office that this was a
military reservation, because the Secretary of
War did not report the fact to the land depart-
ment. He made a military reservation and
gave no public notice of it. I think the effect
of this bill if it becomes a law will be this:
those who occupy the land will get it at ยง1 25
an acre if they pay the value of the improve-
ments ; not otherwise.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not have the benefit of
the very interesting and I have no doubt very
instructive colloquy between the Senator from
Minnesota and the Senator from Nevada ; we
could not hear it over here; and so I am on
this subject withoutthelightswhichtheywould
have afforded me, but I am myself indisposed
to support this measure. I was struck by the
remark of the honorable Senator from Vermont
that this reservation like other reservations
should have been put into market and sold for
whatever it would bring, and in that way give
the Government the full benefit of the value of
the land from its location and from the im-
provements which the Government had made
upon it. But independent of that objection it
seems to roe to partake of the character of a
good deal of the legislation of Congress, that
it is to be made for the benefit of a speculator.
I understand that this reservation or a portion
of it has been entered and patented; that there
are Government improvements upon different
tracts of it that have been entcreu, as the ben-
iitor from Minnesota says, by poor people.
1 Mr. RAMSEY. I will correct the Senator
before he proceeds further. Upon this tract of
thirty thousand acres the improvements are
confined to a small portion, probably less than
six; hundred acres; beyond that it is nothing
but a wilderness. .
Mr. DAVIS. The bill requires that the per-
sons who obtain proportions of this land shall
pay for the improvements upon it, and that
they shall pay for them in cash in hand.
Mr. RAMSEY In one year
Mr DAVIS. No, that is not it at all. J he
money is to be collected by the Government
within one year, but the express provision of
the bill is that the payment for the improve-
ments shall be cash in hand. Well, suppose
these men who have entered the land are so poor
as the honorable Senator from Minnesota says
theyare, and are not able to pay cash in hand,
the consequence is that a speculator comes
along who has money plenty and he buys the
land with all the improvements and gets the
benefit. I am opposed to any such scheme ot
legislation as that. . ,
If it is intended that those who have entered
the lands without information that they consti-
tuted a military reservation should have t.ie
benefit of them I want them to have the benefit
of the lands and the improvements upon them
with a reasonable time to pay for those improve-
ments, without requiring from them payment
in cash in hand which they cannot meet, and
the requirements ofwhich would enable a specu-
lator to gobble up the land.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky and my honorable friend from Vermont
really desire to thwart speculators in this mat-
ter they will give this bill their hearty support.
On this large tract of land I say the improve-
ments are confined to a very small portion of
it. The provision with regard to them is the
exceptional part of the bill. There is a diffi-
culty in providing for their case at once.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the
Senator inform me how many acres there are
in the whole tract?
Mr. RAMSEY. About thirty thousand.
There are upward of two hundred families in
possession of the tract. Those who buy the
small portion on which these improvements
stand are but two or three individuals. The
reservation is not of any special value. It cer-
tainly was not when these people went into
the occupancy of it. It is upon the remotest
frontier of Minnesota, and these people imme-
diately upon the driving out of the Indians
went, as frontiermen always do, upon the un-
occupied public lands and commenced their
settlement. There you see probably two hun-
dred families living in the merest shanties over
that country, each family with some eight or
ten tow-headed little barefooted children. I
really suppose my honorable friend from Ver-
mont and my honorable friend from Kentucky
would be willing to drive these people out into
the cold and allow speculators to come and buy
this land at a high price.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Senator, as I desire to understand the
bill. I want to know what the precise diffi-
culty is in the way of the settlers obtaining
this land if it is open to settlement under the
preemption laws as they exist?
Mr. RAMSEY. It has been a military res-
ervation withdrawn from the public land sys-
tem. Now you restore it as it were and give
the people who are upon it the right of pre-
emption. There is no homestead provision in
this bill. . ,. . .
Mr. STEWART. Then, it is not subject to
preemption now and has not been; ana this
is a proceeding toward preemption?
Mr. RAMSEY. It was not so subject, ot
course, being a military reservation.
Mr. STEWART. Then, why not say in a
single line that it is restored to preemption ?
Mr. RAMSEY. The trouble is that there
are improvements which the Government have
assessed a value on, and the parties cannot be
compelled to pay for them except by this legis-
lation. This bill compels payment for the
improvements. I hope the Senator will not
interpose any difficulty in its way. You simply
annoy the poor people who are on the land
and do not get pay for this whole body ot im-
provements by refusing this legislation, it is
for their relief.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator fronr
Minnesota will permit me to interrupt him. I
understand from him that the portion of land
which has improvements upon it amounts to
about six hundred acres.
Mr. RAMSEY. Probably it would not
exceed that. .
Mr. DAVIS. Take that for granted, ot
course the settlers upon all the residue ot the
land will have no improvements to pay for,
and, of course, no difficulty in making payment.
Mr. RAMSEY. None with the Govern-
ment. Their improvements are their own, ot
course . *
Mr. DAVIS. They ought to have their
improvements. . .
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly.
Mr DAVIS. But the improvements made
by the Government, I suppose, arc valuable,
