776
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
because I have never known Government im-
provements that were not valuable. They
occupy about six hundred acres of the land. I
am told. Now, let the honorable Senator's bill
provide that that portion of this reservation
upon which the improvements made by the
Government are located shall be sold for what-
ever it will bring, and let the whole of the
land besides that be entered and titles secured
to the occupants according to his desire.
Mr. RAMSE Y. This bill provides that every
improvement the Government has made shall
be paid for at its present value; and certainly
the Government does not want any more than
that.
Mr. THURMAN. I want to ask the Sen-
ator from Minnesota a question if he will be
pleased to answer it for my information. I
want to know how much of this land has been
entered and patented ; I suppose all that has
been entered has been patented.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is all occupied.
Mr. THURMAN. I want to know how
much has been entered, and in what quantities
it has been entered, and by how many persons
it has been entered; whether it has been entered
by the settlers, or whether it has been entered
ill large bodies by speculators.
Mr. RAMSEY. The bill contemplates that
the land shall go to the settlers. ,
Mr. THURMAN. But the bill provides for
confirming the titles of those who made entries.
I want to know how many of those persons
there are.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am only aware of one
person, and that is a gentleman by the name
of Randall.
Mr. THURMAN. How much has he got?
Mr. RAMSEY. Probably one hundred and
sixty acres. The improvements are upon that,
Mr. THURMAN. No more than that ?
Mr. RAMSEY. They are nothing but bar-
rack buildings. They are really worthless,
except for temporary occupancy.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, this bill
was reported by the Committee on Public
Lands, of which I have the honor to be a mem-
ber. Of course it is impossible for us all to have
personal knowledge of the facts upon which
such legislation proceeds; but we obtained our
information from the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, the Secretary of War, and
others who were supposed to be disinterested
and to have knowledge upon the subject. We
have communicated with them, and also with
the Senator from Minnesota, and this amend-
ment to which exceptions are taken is the work
of the Commissioner ofthe General Land Office,
and I doubt not ha3 in view the interests of the
United States and not the interests of any
individual.
Now, it is objected here that this bill pro-
vides that the land which has been patented to
some person or persons shall be confirmed to
those persons, and does not provide that those
lands shall be exposed to public sale. The
difficulty in exposing this land to public sale
is that it is covered by a patent; and I presume
few individuals would be willing to purchase a
litigation in reference to this land. Prior to
the time that this reservation was known at the
General Land Office these persons proceeded
under the preemption laws of the United States
and obtained a patent for the lands which they
hold, and upon those lands there are certain
improvements made by the United States ; and
the object of this bill is to provide that the
United States shall receive pay for those im-
provements, and that the persons who have
preempted the land without knowledge that it
was a reservation shall be entitled to their
patent as though this was no part of a Gov-
ernment reservation.
It is left to the discretion of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office as to whether the
entries that have heretofore been made shall
or shall not stand; but the object of the bill is
to provide for compensation to the United
States for the improvements that have been
made upon this military reservation. Other-
wise it would be enough simply to enact that
this reservation should be open to homestead
and preemption settlement; but if that was so
provided, then, of course, the Government
would receive nothing for these improvements.
The whole object of the special provisions of
this bill, as I understand it, is simply to pro-
vide that the Government shall be indemnified
for the improvements that it has put upon this
land.
Now, sir, so far as it appears, a man who
has a patent for a portion of this reservation
obtained it in good faith. Nobody knew that
it was a military reservation. It has been the
common practice of this Government for the
President to make an order setting apart a
portion of the public lands for a military reser-
vation, and it is filed away in some pigeon-hole
in the WarDepartment, and the settlers in the
country and the General Land Office know
nothing of this reservation. Great abuses have
grown up under that system, and I have known
great hardship to be worked to settlers in that
way. Here is a piece of land apparently open
for settlement; a mangoes upon it; he preempts
it, pays for it, obtains his patent, and the first
thing he knows an order is resurrected from
some pigeon-hole in the War Department
showing that it is a military reservation. That
man ought not to be deprived of his rights if
it can be avoided, and particularly when the
Government finds that the military reservation
is no longer of any use and abandons it. Then
the rights of these men that have been acquired
in good faith and in ignorance of this reserva-
tion should be secured to them. That is all
that this bill contemplates.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon will please suspend his remarks. The
morning hour having expired the currency bill
is before the Senate, the pending question being
on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] upon which the Sen-
ator from Oregon on the right of the Chair [Mr.
Corbett] is eutitled to the floor.
Mr. RAMSEY. It will occupy but about
fifteen minutes to pass this bill, and I trust the
Senator from Oregon will allow the other bill
to be passed over informally in order that we
may dispose of it.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to the
currency bill being passed over informally if
this bill can be disposed of in fifteen minutes.
Mr. RAMSEY. I trust it can be in fifteen
or twenty minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no objection
bo made the unfinished business will be passed
over informally, and any Senator demanding
the regular order may cail up the currency bill.
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] will
resume his remarks.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not wish to occupy
any further time. I was simply explaining
that the objections made to this bill were in the
interest of speculators and not of the settlers,
because if these lands that are now occupied
by the settlers are put up to be sold these people
would not be able to pay as much as the spec-
ulators and the speculators would buy the land
and dispossess the settlers, while this bill pro-
vides to secure the title to the settlers and at
the same time that the Government shall be
paid for its improvements.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
give me some information? Has the honor-
able Senator any information of the probable
amount of this land upon which improvements
have been made?
Mr. RAMSEY. I have repeated, five or six
times, not exceeding six hundred, and, I think,
not over one hundred and sixty acres.
Mr. DAVIS. My request was to the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no knowledge fur-
ther than such information as I have derived
from the Senator from Minnesota and other
sources.
Mr. DAVIS. I will put another Question to
the honorable Senator. How many persons
have entered any portion of these lands upon
which the Government improvements have
been made?
Mr. RAMSEY. Only one that I know of.
Mr. DAVIS. Then where is the objection
to having the land upon which the Govern-
ment has made improvements, and upon which
there is but one entry, put into public market
to bring what it will produce ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will answer the Sen-
ator. It is covered by a patent, and the man
who would purchase would buy a lawsuit. This
man claims this land under his patent, and if
the land was pat upat public sale nobody would
wish to bid, because it is to be determined by
a lawsuit as to whether he can hold or not
under his patent. This bill simply confirms to
him the right that he obtained under the pre-
emption law in ignorance of this reservation.
He obtained a patent from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office in good faith, as I
understand, to a piece of land. The bill simply
confirms that to him and requires him to pay
the appraised value of these improvements.
Disinterested men are to appraise them and he
is to pay for them.
Mr. DAVIS. That would be no hardship
or injustice to the man who made the entry.
He did not make the improvements. He en-
tered land that was not subject to entry. It
was his fault, his wrong that involved him in
the difficulty, if it be a difficulty. If he enters
land upon which the Government has made
valuable improvements where is the objection
that he should pay the full value of those im-
provements?
Mr. WILLIAMS. He proposes to do that.
Mr. DAVIS. How is that to be ascertained ?
How is the real value of these improvements
to the Government to be secured ? Is it not
the simplest and best way in the world just to
put up the land with its improvements for sale
and let the highest bidder take then*?
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall be obliged to ask
that this bill be recommitted to the Committee
on Public Lands, and I hope the honorable
Senators who have sustained it will not object
to the recommitment. I am a member of that
committee and have attended every meeting of
the committee since I came into the Senate
except one at this session, for which I failed
to receive any notice ; and when this bill was
taken up this morning it was the first knowl-
edge I had of it. It seems to be a bill that
involves several questions of considerable im-
portance as to which I should desire very much,
as a member of that committee, to have more
information than I have been able to gain,
although I have gained some during the debate
which has taken place.
I think the point which has been urged by
the Senator from Kentucky is a point which
has substance in it. There must necessarily
be a good deal of difficulty in ascertaining the
value of land with improvements on it in any
other mode than by putting up the land at pub-
lic sale. As fo the difficulty which the Senator
from Oregon finds insuperable, namely, that
arising out of the fact that patents have been
issued for a portion of this land without knowl-
edge of the fact of the reservation, allow me to
say that an inspection of this bill will render it
extremely obvious to any gentleman that no
such fact can possibly exist as want of notice
of the existence of a military reservation on
the part of any of these patentees, because the
bill provides that these patentees shall pay for
the improvements on the lands for which they
received patents.
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon the statement of
the honorable Senator from California it is per-
fectly manifest that this bill cannot pass with-
out a prolonged debate, and I therefore call for
the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California has moved to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Publie Lands.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will take
