1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
a vote on that motion if the Senator insists
uoon it.
*Mr. SHERMAN. I think that would be the
better course.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; let us take a
vote upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that course will
be pursued, and that the bill will be reeom-
jnitted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California yield to allow that motion to
be put to the Senate, or does he desire to
speak still further?
Mr. OASSERLY. In one moment I shall
finish all that I propose to say. I repeat, sir,
it is impossible to allow to any man the pre-
sumption of want of notice of a reservation
whose patent is for lands covered by military
buildings of the Government; and her.ce I see
less difficulty where patents have already been
issued for such lands than appears to have
occurred to the Senator from Oregon. On
these grounds and others with which I shall
not now detain the Senate I move to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves to recommit the bill,
with the. pending amendments, to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrsos, its Clerk, announced
that the House liad passed the joint resolution
(S. II. No. 74) to extend the port of entry of
the collection district of New Orleans.
the currency.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (S. No. 378) to provide a national
currency of coin notes and to equalize the
distribution of circulating notes, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Sum-
web, to strike out all of the bill after the
enacting clause and to insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That the present limit of $300,000,000 as the aggre-
gate amount of issues ofcirculating notes by national
banks be, and the same is hereby, extended, so that
the aggregate amount issued and to be issued may
amount to but shall not exceed $500,000,000; and the
additional issue hereby authorized shall bo so dis-
tributed, if demanded, as to give to each State and
Territory its just proportion of the whole amount of
circulating notes according to population, subject to
ail the provisions of law authorizing national banks
in so far as such provisions are not modified by this
act: Provided, That for each dollar of additional
currency issued under the pi o visions of this act there
shall be withdrawn and canceled one dollar of legal-
tender issues. , „
■ Sec. 2. And belt further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury shall require the national banks to
whom may be awarded any part of the additional
circulating notes authorized by the first section ot
this act, to depositbeforethedelivery thereto of any
such notes with the Treasurer of theUnitedStates, as
security for such circulation, registered bonds of tho
description authorized by the third section of this
act, in the proportion of not less than $100 of bonds for
each and every eighty dollars of notestobedelivered ;
and the Secretary of the Treasury shall require from
existing national banks, in substitution ot the bonds
already deposited with the Treasurer of the United
States as security for their circulating notes, adeposit
of registered bonds authorized by the third section
of this act to an amount not less than $100 of bonds
for every eighty dollars of notes that has been.^ or
may hereafter be, delivered to such banks, exclusive
of such amounts as have been canceled. And it iiny
national bank shall not furnish to the Treasurer ot
the United States the new bonds, as required by this
act, within three months after having been notified
by the Secretary of the Treasury of his readiness to
deliver such bonds, it shall be the duty of the Treas-
urer, so long as such delinquency exists, to retain
from the interest as may become duo and payable on
the bonds, belonging to such delinquent banks on
deposit with, him as security for circulating notes, so
much of such interest as shall be in excess of tour per
cent, per annum on the amountoi such bonds, "which
excess shall be placed to thecreditoithesmkingfund
of the United States; and all claims thereto on the
part of such delinquent banks shall ceaseand determ-
ine from that date; and the percentage of currency
delivered or to be delivered to any bank shall m no
case exceed eighty per cent, of the face value of the
bonds deposited with the Treasurer as security there-
for, Nor shall more than four per cent, interest be
hereatter allowed on any bonds deposited or to be
deposited as security for such currency.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury bo, and he is hereby, authorized
to issue, on tho credit of the United States, from time
to time, coupon or registered bonds of such denom-
ination, not less than fifty dollars, as he may think
proper, to the amount of ^500,000,000, redeemable in
coiu at the pleasure of tho Government at any time
after twenty years, and payable m coin at sixty years
from date, a> d beaiing interest at the rate of four
per cent, per annum, payable semi-annually in coin;
and such bonds may be disposed of at the discretion
of the Secretary, cither in the United States or else-
where, at not less than their par value, for coin, or
for United States notes, national bank notes, orfrae-
tional currency; or may be exchanged for any of the
obligations of tho United States of whatever char-
acter that may be outstanding at the date of theissue
of such bonds. And if in the opinion of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury it is thought advisable to issue
a larger amount of four per cent, bonds for any of
the purposes herein recited than would bo otherwise
authorized by this section of this act, such further
issues arc hereby authorized: Provided, That there
shall bo no increase in tho aggregate debt of tho
United States in conseauence of any issues author-
ized by this act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That tho bonds
authorized by this act shall be exempt from all tax-
ation by or under national, Stato, or municipal au-
thority. Nor shall there bo any tax upon, or abate-
ment from, tho interest or income thereof.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all the pro-
visions of existing laws in relation to forms, inscrip-
tions, devices, dies, and paper, and the printing,
attestation, sealing, signing, and counterfeiting, as
may be applicable, shall apply to tho bonds issued
under this act; and a sum not exceeding one por
ccnt. of tbe amount of bonds issued under this act is
hereby appropriated to pay the expense of preparing
and issuing the same and disposing thereof.
Sec. 6. And be it further enncted, That all acts or
parts of acts inconsistent with this act bo, and tho
same arc hereby, repealed.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, when I
gave way to an adjournment yesterday at the
solicitation of friends around me who appeared
to be more anxious for other food than finan-
cial, I was attempting to explain to the Sen-
ate that the three per cent, certificates which
are now held by the banks, amounting to
$45,000,000 as stated in this bill, were not ori-
ginally intended to be held as a reserve in place
of legal-tenders. I stated that the compound-
interest notes for which these three per cents,
were issued were held by the people at large
very generally through the country, offering a
good investment for them and a large rate of
interest; that they were held in a great meas-
ure by them for investment as were United
States bonds, and that when the time arrived
for the redemption of tho compound-interest
notes, the Government not being in funds, it
was proposed by the Finance Committee that
these three per cent, certificates be issued to
the banks in place of the compound-interest
notes. They made these a substitute for
legal-tenders, whereby the banks could hold
them in place of legal-tenders and put afloat a
large amount of legal-tenders that otherwise
would not be in circulation.
It was against my judgment to issue the three
per cent, certificates or to inflate the currency
to that extent. It appeared to me unwise to
take a step forward in that direction. We had
just been retiring from circulation something
like $4,000,000 a month until the amount re-
tired reached some $50,000,000. This measure
actually placed us back right where we had
started. We again had to^ float the same
amount of currency that we did previous to that
contraction or withdrawal of $4,000,000 a
month. I should not have consented by any
means to the issue of the three per cents, had
the Government, been in funds to pay the com-
pound-interest notes; but as it was a cheap
way of paying them, and the banks were willing
to accept these three per cent, certificates, I
was willing to consent to the measure.
But now that necessity has entirely subsided
in consequence of the large amount ot taxes
collected during the past year, amounting to
nearly one hundred million dollars over and
above the expenses of the Government. It
seems to me, therefore, that now is the time
when we should retire these certificates, and
again place ourselves on the sound basis which
the law intended in retiring the legal-tenders
originally. It must be obvious to everyone
I that during the past year we have accumulated
in this country a large amount of coin. There
is a larger amount of coin now h,eld in the
banks than ever before since the commence-
ment of the rebellion. They are now holding
that gold, and they can hold it as a reserve
instead of the legal-tenders and instead of
these three per cents.
That we are now on the road to inflation it
seems to me is very clear. Gold during the
past few months has been reduced from 140
or 138 down to 121f. This of itself in a
very short time, when prices come to be regu-
lated by this reduction, has inflated tho cur-
rency or the purchasing pow«r of the currency
that is afloat something like $100,000,000.
Even if it is only $50,000,000 it is an inflation
of the currency to that extent. Take the single
article of wheat in the movement of the crops
from the West. A year ago wheat was worth
something like two dollars a bushelj and to-
day it is worth perhaps one dollar. It must
be evident to every one, therefore, that a larger
amount of wheat can be moved with the same
amount of currency now than could have been
a year ago.
But the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
says that we have no assurance that gold will
remain at its present price. It is true we have
no greater assurance than can be given from
the increased wealth of the country, from the
increased amount of gold in the Treasury, the
increased productions of twelve million people
who have been added to the productive inter-
est of the country. That they have produced
a larger crop of cotton during the past year
than has ever been produced before is probable;
and we know that it is bringing a higher price ;
that it is being shipped to Europe in place of
gold and United States bonds, which were for-
merly shipped to Europe ; that the importers
are now full of cotton bills. I was informed
when I was in New York that many of the
importers had as many of those bills as they
could dispose of for the next four months ;
that they could not take any other bills ; and
those bills must go forward in place of gold.
Those bills are sent forward as drafts upon the
salo of cotton that has been shipped to be sold
in Europe. 1 am not fully aware of the amount
of the shipment of cotton during the past year,
but I have no doubt it amounts to something
like one hundred and fifty million dollars, per-
haps more ; and when we consider that during
the whole five years of the war we only exported
some sixty million dollars of cotton, we must
see that we are gradually returning to a sound
basis.
The gold that is now accumulating in the
banks of the country can be held in the place
of these three per cent, certificates. This bill
proposes to withdraw or to pay off the three per
cent, certificates, the Treasury now being in
funds. There is no reason why that should
not be done. I have consented to support this
bill only because of the absolute necessity of the
South and southwestern States for more circu-
lation. I believe the necessity exists there for
the establishment of local banks and the center-
ing of money. By the passage of this bill
those banks can be established and those ad-
vantages can be secured by those States that
cannot be by any other means.
I sincerely hope the Senator from Massachu-
setts will not incumber this bill by his proposed
measure in relation to banking, currency, and
the funding of the national debt. That is a
separate measure upon which I desire to offer
some remarks when it is brought up. _
1 have also prepared and offered a bill before
tho Senate upon the funding of the maturing
debtor the United States, which I desire to
discuss whenever that question shall be brought
before the Senate; but I do not wish to attach
it to a bill of this kind. This is a simple
proposition. It simply proposes to pay oQ the
$45,000,000 of three per cent, certificates that
are held really now by the banks in place ol
legal-tenders, which was not originally con-^
templated, hut was legalized by the act of
