778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
March 2, 1867 and the act of July 25, 1868.
By allowing banks to be established" upon that
amount of $45,000,000, it will furnish a suf-
ficient amount of currency to the southern
States, as much perhaps as they can take up
during the next year or year and a half. By
that time other measures can be adopted in
order to give to the southern States still further
advantages. It will not tend to disturb the
groat interests of the eastern manufacturing
States as would the withdrawal of a larger
amount. If it were proposed to withdraw
from those States a larger amount than this
$45,000,000, it must necessarily meet with
great opposition from the banks in the east-
ern States and those manufacturing interests
which it is so important to protect, as it is to
prevent any disturbance in the commercial
community.
It is stated by some of the Senators that this
bill does not reach far enough, that it does not
cover enough ground. It is not intended, as
I understand, that it should reach very far, so
as to disturb the commercial interests of the
country. The Finance Committee look to the
importance of protecting those interests, and
at the same time they wish to furnish a cur-
rency and banking capital sufficient for the
immediate necessities of the southern States;
and by the prompt passage of this bill they can
at once have these facilities extended to them.
There is no trouble about it. But if it were
proposed to redistribute the entire banking
capital of the nation it would meet with serious
opposition in both Houses, and I am satisfied
would effect no beneficial results.
The next question that I have to consider is
the proposition to establish banks upon a gold
basis. It is stated by some of the Senators
that this will be of no practical advantage.
But I have to say in answer to that objection
that that depends entirely upon the communi-
ties where it is proposed to establish those
banks. If the people think it for their advan-
tage to establish banks upon a gold basis this
gives them a free right to do so. It certainly
utilizes gold; it makes it available for use here
and has a tendency to retain it in the country.
In order to retain gold in the country you must
make a demand for it, you must make a use
for it. If you establish banks on this basis
they will be compelled to retain twenty-five
per cent, of their circulation in gold. That
will retain that much gold in the country and
will enable us, as fast as these banks'are estab-
lished, to do away, perhaps, with the existing
national banks. They are established simply
upon the same principles, except that they are
required to redeem in gold instead of legal-
tenders. As we increase in gold so the gold
bills will increase in amount and these banks
will increase in number.
Upon the Pacific coast it has been desired
for a long time to establish sueh banks. Our
people are desirous of establishing banks upon
the specie basis, but heretofore there lias been
no law by which they could establish such
banks. If they desire to do so I certainly can-
not see why there should be any opposition to
it. If they do establish such banks and pur-
chase bonds of the United States it makes a
greater demand for the bonds of the United
States in order to establish banks upon this prin-
ciple there. It relinquishes a certain amount
of gold to flow to the center here, whereby you
may bo assisted to some extent in returning to
specie payments here. It will tend to establish
banks upon the same principle in New York
and in Texas or any southern State that may
propose to bank upon a gold basis where gold
is plentiful. In fact, if the banks themselves
should be compelled to purchase at the present
time gold at twenty per cent, premium, in order
to place themselves upon a specie basis, the
simple premium of twenty or twenty-one per
cent, would be a small matter to each separate
bank. Yet it would not be advisable or wise,
perhaps, to compel them at once to return to
a specie '
I introduced a resolution the other day, which
I had referred to the Committee on Finance,
which I hope will receive their earnest atten-
tion, and the necessity of which, it seems to me,
must be obvious to every one. It instructed
them to inquire into the expediency of com-
pelling the banks to retain as part of their
reserve the gold interest paid them until the
reserve in gold should amount to the reserve
now required by law in legal-tenders.
If we are going to return to specie payments
we certainly must make some preparation for
it. If we compel the banks to commence and
reserve this gold whenever the time arrives
that they have their reserve in gold equal to
that now required in greenbacks then the Gov-
ernment can return to specie payments, and
not until that time comes. If the Government
returns to specie payments before the banks
have their reserve in gold they at once present
the legal-tenders to the Government and say,
"Give us the gold; if you return to specie
payments we must return to specie payments."
Therefore they draw the gold from the Treasury
of the Government at once. Consequently
you see the importance of compelling the banks
hereafter to keep their reserve in gold, and to
commence now.
It will be no matter of hardship to them to
reserve the interest that is paid them on the
Government bonds in their vaults. It will
only prevent them from selling the gold in the
market and retaining the small amount of pre-
mium they now get on the gold, some twenty
per cent. I hope that at an early day the
Finance Committee may report such a bill.
Under such a bill I grant it would take perhaps
two years or two years and a half to return to
specie payments ; but we have been a year dis-
cussing this question. If a measure of that kind
had been adopted a year ago we should now
be within a year and a half of specie payments.
If it is adopted now we may soon be on the road
to specie payments.
I think, if I mistake not, the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] seemed to think that
the establishment of these gold banks perhaps
might increase the speculation in gold. I do
not look upon it in that light. I think it tends
to the prevention of gold speculation. It will
accumulate a larger amount of gold and a larger
amount of gold bills, which will be used as cash
gold. As long as the bills are well secured the
people will not want the gold. As long as they
know that the gold is in the Treasury of the
United States, as it is now, and that the Gov-
ernment has issued gold certificates, those cer-
tificates pass the same as gold and they are
considered as cash gold.
So far as speculations are concerned this
cash gold docs not enter into the transactions
of the stock exchange. The stock exchange
is operated upon the differences in gold. On
that basis they bid. The bulls and bears, one
party trying to advance the price in gold and
the other party to depreciate it, merely settle
the differences each day. The amount of these
gold bills does not enter into those transactions
at all. We have the evidence of a late operator
in gold during "the black Friday" we have
heard so much of, Mr." Fisk, who says he would
rather carry $400,000,000 on the rules of the
stock exchange than to carry $4,000,000 of cash
gold. It is very, very difficult for those people to
purchase the cash gold ; but it is very easy for
them to advance the price each day and pay the
simple difference of one quarter or one half or
one per cent. They speculate on th.it difference,
and if they have $10,000,000 they have money
enough to pay the differences on transactions
to the amount of $300,000,000; so that the
establishment of these banks would really put
in circulation a large amount of gold notes in
the market which would be just as good as
cash gold. The holders of these bills, knowing
that these banks had deposited with the Gov-
ernment United States securities, and that only
eighty per cent, of those securities has been
issued in gold notes, or ninety per cent, really
of their value, would not present them and call
for gold. The gold bills are just as good as
the gold itself so long as they are absolutely
secure. They will be better secured under this
bill than the gold certificates now issued from
the Treasury are, because they will be secured
upon absolute bonds which can be made avail-
able by the Government at any time selling
them in the market and obtaining gold for them.
Consequently there will be no run upon these
banks on their gold bills.
The specie banks must be established ai
some time, and I cannot see why there should
be any opposition to a commencement of them
now. This system establishes the right of any
individual to circulate money as long as he
will do it upon a gold basis; and if we can
increase our circulation to $1,000,000,000 upon
that basis there can be no objection, because
it is evidence of the real wealth of the country
that we have accumulated this large amount
of gold in our Treasury. Therefore we can
afford to establish these banks, and the neces-
sities of the country, the increased demand for
currency will then appear, and it will adjust
itself upon this free-banking system which I
hope we may soon reach. Just as soon as we
can return to specie payments the legal-tenders
will be entirely withdrawn, I hope, and there
will be no necessity for such a provision of
law. I do not believe that there ought to be
such a provision of law forcing upon the peo-
ple a legal-tender note that is irredeemable.
If a note is a legal tender it should be a legal
tender upon some sound specie basis. It should
be a legal tender in such a way that you can
present it and get the gold for it; not that you
can present it and simply get in return another
legal-tender note. That is no redemption, and
it is no real proper form of legal-tender note.
The value of your legal-tender notes was
really taken away when you repealed the law
by which those notes were to have been funded
into five-twenty bonds. It was the original
intention when the United States notes were
put into circulation to give to the holder of
each note, whenever he should choose to do
so, the right to call upon the Treasury of the
United States and give him for it a bondbear-
ing interest at six per cent. There was some
justice in that, and when you repealed that
provision of law you repealed the justice of
making your note a legal tender. You give
your notes an actual value when you affix to
a legal-tender note the right to fund it into a
sis per cent, bond, because if men did not
wish to hold the bond they could borrow
money on it, and while getting six per cent,
on the bond they would be paying only six or
seven per cent., about the rate they received.
But now you force them to take the note with-
out any interest and without any value except
the faith of the Government to redeem it when
it is presented in another legal-tender note.
It was never the intention of the Constitution
that the Government of the United States
should establish sueh a system. When the
Constitution gave the right to emit bills it was
with a view that those bills should be valuable,
that they should contain some provision where-
by they should be valuable, that you could hot
force a man to give up his gold and take a
legal-tender note for it without giving him an
equivalent. You might force him under awar
pressure to give his gold, but you must give
him a bill bearing interest that would be an
equivalent to him. That is the only way that
the Government could do and be just to its
people.
Many people thought that the passage of the
bill in the Senate whereby contracts for the
payment of gold were legalized would do in-
finite damage to the Government and to the
country. "We endeavored to pass such a bill
for one or two sessions since I have been a
member, and finally the Supreme Court had
to come to our relief, and it decided that gold
contracts were legal and binding. Since that
gold contracts have been entered into in New
