18T0.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
H9
York for the payment of merchandise, and men
in all branches of trade are doing business
upon a gold basis. A large amount of busi-
ness now is being done upon that basis, and it
is increasing; and the establishment of banks
with gold bills in circulation to facilitate that
business has become a necessity.
Mr. President, I have now addressed the
Senate longer than 1 intended when I took the
floor. I had intended to confine myself to the
provisions of this bill, and I sincerely hope
that no amendments will be offered to it, but
that it will meet the unanimous support of
Senators from the southern States, where the
people are so anxious that they should receive
these advantages early. I believe that the bill
as reported will give those advantages soonest
and most efficiently, and when tl*e redistribu-
tion is made according to the census, or per-
haps sooner still, they may obtain the further
advantages that they desire. I hope that this
bill may pass without any amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, some things
seem to be admitted in this debate as starting-
points, at least if I may judge from the re-
marks of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man. ] One of these is the unequal distribution
of the bank-note currency, and another is that
to take from the northern and eastern banks
circulation already awarded to them would dis-
turb trade. I venture to add that the remedy
would be worse than the disease.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe]
and the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
justly claim for the West and South a fair pro-
portion of bank circulation. The Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Mobtost] demands more. While
neither asks for expansion, neither is ready for
contraction. The latter Senator argues that
at this time the currency is not too much for
the area of country and amount of business,
which from the new spaces opened to settle-
ment and the increase of commerce require
facilities beyond those which are adequate in
thickly-settled and wealthy communities. His
premises may be in the main sound ; but he
might have made a further application of them.
If in the absence of local banks and banking
facilities a larger amount of circulation is
needed, and I do not mean to question this
assertion, would it not follow that the estab-
lishment of such local banks and banking facil-
ities, with new bank credits, checks of depos-
itors, and other agencies of exchange, and with
the increase of circulation, would more than
counterbalance any slight contraction from the
withdrawal of greenbacks, and that thus we
should be tending toward specie payments?
The Senator from Kentucky said aptly that
if we wait until all are ready we shall never
resume. If the Senator from Indiana is right
in saying that prices have already settled down
in the expectation of an early resumption, then
to my mind the battle is half won and we have
only to proceed alwajrs in the right direction.
A simple redistribution of the existing cur-
rency cannot be made without serious conse-
quences to the business of the country, while
it will do nothing to correct the evils of our
present financial condition. It will do nothing
for financial reconstruction, nor will these con-
sequences be confined to any geographical sec-
tion. They will affect the South and. West as
well as the North and East. I need only add
that disturbance in New York means disturb-
ance everywhere in our country.
Nor is it easy to see how any redistribution
can be made which, however just to-day, may
not be unjust to-morrow. As business aevelops,
and population extends, there will be new
demand with new inequalities and newdisturb-
an,rhe original banking act authorized a cir-
culation of $300,000,000, a large part of which
went to the northern and eastern States. All
this was very natural, for at that time there
was no demand at the South and comparatively
little at the West. With the supply of capital
at the East banks were promptly formed even
before the State banks were permitted to come
into the new system. Subsequently the State
banks were not only permitted to come into
the new system but their circulation was taxed
out of existence. Here, then, was banking
capital idle. It was reasonable that the cir-
culation which was not demanded in other parts
of the country should be allotted to these banks.
This I state in simple justice to these banks.
I might remind you also of the patriotic service
rendered by the banks of New York, Boston,
and Philadelphia, which in 1861 furnished the
means by which our forces were organized
against the rebellion. One hundred and fifty
millions in gold were furnished by these banks,
of which less than fifty millions were subse-
quently subscribed by the people; and this was
at a moment when the national securities had
received a terrible shock. Not from the South,
not from the West did financial succor come
at that time.
In considering briefly thoquestions presented
by the pending measure I shall take them in
their order. They are two ; first, to enlarge
the national bank currency, and secondly, to
create a system of free banking founded on coin
notes. This leaves out of view the question of
refunding and consolidating the national debt;
nor does it touch the great question of specie
payments.
I begin with the proposed enlargement of
the currency. The object is excellent, as is
admitted by all. But the practical question
arises on the way it shall be done.
If you look at the bill now before the Senate,
you will see that it authorizes an enlargement
to the extent of $45,000,000 and the with-
drawal to that amount of what are called three
per cent, legal-tender certificates, of which
little more than this amount exists. The ex-
tinction of this debt will accomplish an annual
saving of about one million four hundred and
fifty thousand dollars. So far so good. Tins
amount of $45,000,000 is allotted to banks
organized in States and Territories having
less than their proportion under the general
banking act. This is right, and it removes to
a certain extent objections successfully urged
at the last session of Congress against a meas-
ure for the redistribution of currency.
But plainly and obviously, the measure _ of
relief proposed is not sufficient to meet the just
demands of the South and West, nor is it suf-
ficient to prevent taking from the North and
East a portion of the currency now enjoyed by
them. Therefore, in one part of the country
it will be inadequate, while in another it is
unjust. Inadequacy and injustice are bad
recommendations. t
When a complete remedy is in our power
why propose a partial remedy ? When a just
remedy is in our power why propose an unjust
remedy? There is another question. I would
ask also, Why unnecessarily disturb existing
and well-settled channels of trade? For such
must be the effect of a new apportionment as
proposed under the census of this year. Why
not at once provide another source from which
to draw the new supplies under the new appor-
tionment? I open this subject by these in-
quiries, which to my mind answer themselves.
The proposition of the committee is further
embarrassed by the provision for the cancella-
tion each month of the three per cent, certifi-
cates to an amount equal to the aggregate ot
new notes issued during the previous month.
In order to judge the expediency of this meas-
ure, we must understand the origin and char-
acter of these certificates. . .
The Secretary of the Treasury, desiring to
avoid the further issue of greenbacks, con-
ceived the idea of a note, which could be used
in the payment of Government obligations, but
in such form as not to enter into and inflate
the currency. This resulted in an interest-
bearing note payable three years after date
with six per cent, interest compounded every
six months and payable at the maturity of the
note in its redemption. This anomalous note
was made leeal-tender for its face value only.
It was not 3oubted that such notes, on the
accumulation of interest, would be withdrawn
as an investment. Being legal tender, if they
were allowed to be used by the banks as part
of their reserves, they would become, contrary
to the original purpose, part of the national
circulation, while the Government would bo
paying interest on bank reserves, which no
bank could demand. But the ipse dixit of the
Secretary could not prevent their use by the
banks as part of the reserves. The interven-
tion of Congress was required, which by tho
second section of the loan act of June 30,1804,
provided as follows :
"Nor shall any Treasury noto bearing interest
issued tinder this act bo a legal tender in payment
or redemption of any notes issued by any bank,
banking association, or banker, calculated to circu-
late as money."
From this statement it seems clear that
neither the Secretary originating these com-
pound-interest legal-tender notes, nor the act
of Congress authorizing them, nor the banks
receiving them, contemplated their employ-
ment as part of the bank reserves. How they
reached this condition remains to be told.
The whole issue of the compound-interest
legal-tender notes amounted to upward of
two hundred and twenty-three millions. These
were funded at or before maturity, except some
fifty millions which as they matured were ex-
changed for certificates to that amount bearing
three per cent, interest and constitutes parrot
the bank reserves. Here was an innovation
as improvident as new, bdng nothing less
than bank reserves on interest. This improvi-
dence was increased by the manner of distribu-
tion, which, instead of being ratable, seems to
have been according to the rule of " who speaks,
first ?" Of course the banks within easy; access
of Washington had peculiar opportunities by
which they were enabled to secure these notes,
and thus obtain interest on part of their re-
serves, while banks at a distance, and especially
in the country, was not equal in opportunity.
Besides its partiality, this provision operates
like a gratuity to the banks having these
notes.
Obviously these 'three per cent, certificates
ought to be withdrawn, but I do not like to see
their withdrawal conditioned on the extension
of banking facilities. Their case is peculiar,
and they should be treated accordingly. Nor
should their accidental amount be made the
measure of banking facilities. They constitute
a part of the national debt, and should be con-
sidered in the refunding and consolidation of
this debt, and not on a bill to provide banking
facilities.
I think I do not err if I conclude that the
first part of the pending measure is inadequate,
while tho cancellation of the three per cent,
certificates in tho manner proposed is inexpe-
dient. All this is more observable when it is
considered that there is another way ample and
natural.
From the first part of the pending measure
I pass to the second part, being sections three,
four, and five, which, if I am not mistaken,
authorize free banking, with coin notes as a
declared basis of coin. This is plausible, but
to my mind illusory and impracticable. The
machine will not work; but if it does work its
firstand mostobvious operation will be to create
anew currency, addinga third to the greenbacks
and bank notes already existing, besides creat-
ing a new class of banks. Here I put the prac-
tical question: can any national bank issue
and maintain a circulation of coin notes with a
reserve of only twenty-five per cent, so long
as gold commands a premium? How long
would the reserve last? It is easy to see that,
until specie payments this idea isimpracticable.
Itwillnot work. In proportion to the premium
on gold would be the run on the banks until
their outstanding notes were redeemed or their
vaults emptied.
But the measure is not only impracticable
it is inexpedient as multiplying instead ol
