780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
simplifying the forms of currency. We Lave
now two paper currencies, distinct inform and
with different attributes. Everybody feels that
this is unfortunate ; and yet it is now proposed
to add another. Surely it is the dictate of
wisdom, instead of creating a third paper cur-
rency, to disembarrass the country of one of
those now existing and make the other con-
vertible into coin, so that we may hereafter
enjoy one uniform currency. I confess my
constant desire for measures to withdraw our
greenbacks and to make our presentbanknotes
coin notes. Coin notes should be universal.
Under any circumstances the conclusion is
irresistible that theproposedplan, if not utterly
i impracticable, is a too partial and timid experi-
ment. calculated to exercise very little influence
over the great question of specie payments.
If I am right in this review the bill of the
committee does not deserve our support. But
I do not confine myself to criticism. I offer
a substitute. Could I have my way I would
treat the whole financial question as a unit,
providing at the same time "for all the points
involved in what I have called financial recon-
struction. This I have attempted in the bill
which I have already introduced. But on the
present occasion I content myself with a sub-
stitute for the present measure. The amend-
ment of which I have given notice has the
two-fold object of the pending bill; first, to
enlarge the currency, and secondly, to change
the existing banking system, so as to provide
practically for free banking and to enlarge
banking facilities.
If you will look at my amendment you will
see that it enlarges the limit of bank notes from
$300,000,000 to $500,000,000. _ This is prac-
tically a provision for free banking, at least for
some years. Practically it leaves the volume of
currency to be regulated by legitimate demand,
with a proviso for the withdrawal of legal-
tender notes to an amount equal to the new
issues. The amendment then proceeds to pro-
vide bonds to be deposited with the Govern-
ment as the basis of the new banks. And here is
a just and much needed economy—just to the
Government and not unjust to the banks. It
is proposed for the future to allow but four per
cent, interest on the bonds deposited by the
banks. Thus far the banks have enjoyed large
benefits and in part at the expense of the Gov-
ernment. Under the operation of my amend-
ment these profits would be slightly reduced,
but not unduly, while the Treasury would
receive an annual benefit of not far from six
million dollars in coin. In this respect the
proposition harmonizes with the idea, which is
constantly present to my mind, of diminishing
our taxes.
Sir, in the remarks submitted by me on a
former occasion I ventured to say that^ the
first great duty of Congress was to mitigate
the burdens now pressing upon the energies
of the people and upon the business of the
country, and, as one means of accomplishing
this important result, to extend these burdens,
in a diminishing annual ratio, over a large
population entering upon the enjoyment of
the blessings which the present generation,
at such enormous cost, has assured to the
Republic. Upon the assumption that the na-
tional revenues and the national expenditures
would continue relatively the same as now, a
sum extending from eighty to one hundred
millions would be the measure of relief that
might be accorded at once without arresting
the continuous reduction of the debt at the rate
of $2,000,000 a month.
In proposing this large reduction of taxation
a t this time, with the hope of larger reductions
in the near future, it was necessary to keep in
view the possibility of increased expenditure
or of decreased receipts. To guard against
such contingency we must keep strict watch
over the expenditures, and, if'possible, dimin-
ish the positive annual obligations of the nation.
And here the mind is naturally and irresistibly
attracted to the prodigious item of interest.
Cannot this be reduced at an early day to a
large amount, and then subsequently, though
contingently to a much larger amount? And
should not this result be one of our first en-
deavors ? Is it not the first considerable stage
in the reduction of taxation ?
The credit of the country is injured by two
causes: first, the refusal to redeem past due
obligations, being so much failed paper, which
condition must necessarily continue so long as
we deliberately sanction an inconvertible cur-
rency; and, secondly, the menace of repudia-
tion, with slurs upon the integrity of the peo-
ple uttered in important quarters. These two
causes are impediments to the national credit.
How long shall they continue? Loyally and
emphatically has Congress declared that all the
obligations of the nation shall be paid accord-
ing to their spirit as well as letter. But this
is not enough. More must be done. And here
Congress must act not partially nor timidly,
nor in the interests of the few only, but impar-
tially, comprehensively, firmly, and in the in-
terests of the many, it must help the recog-
nized ability of the nation by removing its
disabilities.
Nearly five years have now passed since the
Rebellion sheathed its sword. But the national
expenditures did not cease at once when the
sword no longer plied its bloody work They
still continued, sometimes under existing con-
tracts which could not be broken, sometimes
in guarding the transition from war to peace.
Meanwhile the national faith was preserved,
while the people carried the unexampled bur-
den willingly if not cheerfully. The large
unliquidated debt, the ddbris of the war, has
been paid off or reduced to a form satisfactory
to the creditor and the world has been assured
that the people are ready for any sacrifices
according to the exigency. Is more necessary ?
Should these sacrifices be continued when the
exigency has ceased ?
These sacrifices are twofold, being direct and
indirect. The direct are measured by the
known amount of taxation. The indirect are
also traced to existing taxation, and their wit-
nesses are crippled trade, unsettled values,
oppressive prices, and an inconvertible cur-
rency, which of itself is a constant sacrifice.
Therefore dolsayagain: Downmththe taxes.
Bills relating to taxation do not originate in
the Senate, but Senators are not shut out from
expressing themselves freely on the proper
policy which is demanded at this time. On the
finances and the banks the Senate has the same
powers as the other House. Here it may take
the initiative, as is shown by the present bill.
But what it does should be equal to the occa-
sion; it should be large and not petty; far-
reaching and not restricted in its sphere. The
present bill, I fear, has none of these qualities
which we desire at this time. It is a patch or
plaster only when we need a comprehensive
cure.
To my mind it is easy to see what must be
done. The country must be relieved from its
heavy burdens. Taxation must be made lighter,
also less complex and inquisitorial. Simpli-
fication will be a form of relief. Our banking
system is ready to adapt itself to the wants of
the country if you will only say the word.
Speak, sir, and it will do what you desire. But
instead of this we are asked by the committee
to begin by making the system more complex,
without adding to its efficiency; we are asked
to construct a third currency, which so long as
it continues must be a stumbling-block ; we are
asked to establish discord instead of concord.
Now, sir, in order to bring the Senate to a
precise vote on what I regard as the fund-
amental proposition of my amendment, I shall
withdraw the amendment as a whole and move
to strike out the first two sections of the com-
mittee's bill and to insert as a substitute what
I send to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Schurz
in the chair.) The Secretary will report the
proposed substitute.
The Secretary read as follows :
That the present limit of $300,000,000 as the aggre-
gate amount of issues of circulating notes by national
bants bo, and the same is hereby, extended so that
the aggregate amount issued and to be issued may
amount to but shall not exceed $500,000,000; and tho
additional issue hereby authorized shall be so dis-
tributed, if demanded, as to give to each State and
Territory its just proportioa of the whole amount of
circulating notes according to population, subject to
all the provisions of law authorizing national banks:
Provided, That for each dollar of additional currency
issued under the provisions of this act there shall be
withdrawn and canceled one dollar of legal-tender
issues.
Mr. SUMNER. On that proposition I have
one word to say. It is brief. That yon will
admit. It is simple. That you will admit.
It enlarges the existing national bank circula-
tion by $200,000,000. That is ample, as I
believe you  ?ill admit. Practically it is a sys-
tem of free banking ; that is, it is such until
the enlarged circulation is absorbed; that is,
forsometimeto come. Butfreebankingiswhat,
as I understand, Senators desire. Then again it
has in it. no clement of injustice. There is no
injustice to the North or to the East. All
parts of the country are equally accommo-
dated and equally protected. But this cannot
be said of the pending measure.
Thenagain, itis elastic, adapting itself every-
where to the exigencies of the place. If bank-
ing facilities are needed, and the capital is
ready, under that amendment they can be en-
joyed. Unlike the proposition of the com-
mittee, it is not of cast-iron, but is so as to
adapt itself to all the conditions of business in
every part of the country.
Then again, in the final provision, that for
every bank note issued a greenback shall be
withdrawn, you find the great highway to specie
payments. All your greenbacks will speedily
be withdrawn. You will have then only the
banknotes making one paper currency; and
then speedily, within a brief period, you will
have specie payments. The banks must have
their reserves. There will be no greenbacks
for them. They must find them in specie.
The banks then and every stockholder will find
a motive to press for specie payments, and you
will have that great result quietly accomplished,
absolutely without shock, while the business
interests of the country will rejoice.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me
to ask the Senator from Massachusetts a ques-
tion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather reply now.
I assure the Senator from Massachusetts that
the friends of this measure for the equalization
of the bank distribution are not to be diverted
from their purpose. At the last session of
Congress we were to some extent prevailed
upon to yield a measure of substantial justice ;
but I tell him now, candidly and fairly, that at
this session of Congress the gross and palpable
injustice of the present distribution of the cur-
rency, brought about by a violation of the law
in the interest of a few States, will be and
shall be corrected. I speak that authorita-
tively, because the representatives of three
fourths of the States on this floor and more
than four fifths of the members of the other
House of Congress feel that in this their con-
stituents are suffering daily and personally a
gross injustice. We are not to be diverted
from the purpose of correcting this gross ine-
quality by any plausible and illusive amend-
ments or pretexts.
When the Senator offered this amendment
yesterday I characterized it as a funding bill,
and said he threw into this discussion a vast
multitude of topics. Why, sir, his own speech
shows clearly that what I said was true. What
does he mean by talking about taxation, reduc-
tion of interest on the public debt, funding the
greenbacks, and a great variety of topics ? The
bill he introduced yesterday as an amendment
to this measure provided for a new class of
bonds, four per cent, bonds. Not only that,
it repudiated the obligation of the existing
bonds. The amendment offered by him con-
