1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
• its origin as well; and most of it I can support,
it looks in the right direction. It looks to
specie payments. It looks to the reduction of
the interest on the public debt. It contains
many good things ; but it is not a specific for
all the ills of life. He must not offer it as an
amendment to every bill that is proposed, no
matter of what character. He must not drag
the discussion of that bill into every measure
that is proposed here.
When the Committee on Finance, after care-
ful consideration and with almost entire una-
nimity, perhaps I may say with entire unanim-
ity, present a measure here to euro a plain and
palpable evil, to remedy a plain and palpable
injustice that will not be endured any longer,
without inflicting any injury on his constitu-
ents, which is only beneficial to the South
and West where this evil is complained of,
instead of receiving his denunciation, instead
of having amendments thrust upon it to drag
in various other topics, we ought to have met
with his cordial support; he ought to have
come to us and said, " Gentlemen, you have
done justice to the West and South, at least for
a year or two, without doing injustice to us."
But if he is discontented with it, then, as a
matter of course, the Senate if they are moved
by his arguments will go to the foundation,
tear up all the distribution made- in violation
of law, and give to each State and section of
this country its fair and just share of the circu-
lating medium.
My own opinion is, Senators, that it is better
to adopt this measure as it is, imperfect as it
is, timid as it is, and leave all the other ques-
tions which have been involved in this debate—■
the question of the interest on the public debt,
the funding of the public debt, the taxing of
the public debt, what bonds banking shall be
based upon—all the multiplied forms of com-
plicated questions growing out of our finances,
to be discussed and decided on bills that will
be reported to you looking to that end. Then,
if the Senator from Massachusetts or any other
Senator has any favorite financial theories or
documents that he wishes to present, that will
be time ; but now when we are dealing with a
small matter, and yet a pressing matter, it
seems to me this is not the proper time to do
all these things.
I therefore repeat again what I said yester-
day, that I think this bill ought to be confined
to the objects proposed. If the Senate do not
agree with the committee on the measure
reported let them offer amendments bearing
upon those particular questions. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts is not
of that kind. It proposes to withdraw the
greenbacks and enlarge the limit of banking
circulation, without any provision for a redis-
tribution. It proposes to do what he must be
satisfied the House of Representatives will not
agree to do, at least at this session of Congress,
I know that the greenbacks are the great
stumbling block in the way of specie pay-
ments, and I hope that they will be gradually
retired and funded; but they must be funded
into bonds bearing a low rate of interest and
withdrawn in that way.
As I do not wish to occupy the attention of
the Senate again I desire now to reply to one
or two other points made by my friend from
Indiana. He says that there are a great many
abuses growing out of this system of national
banks. I agree with him in that respect; and
you never had a system of banking or a system
of any other kind so extensive as this that
would not be subject to abuse. All we can
say is that experience has shown that this is
the best banking system which has yet been
devised. He says the banks in Indiana charge
too high a rate of interest.
Mr. "MORTON. I did not speak of Indiana
particularly in that respect.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, in the whole coun-
try. Admit it, the law leaves to every State
to regulate that matter to suit itself. Would
the Senator drag into this discussion of a
measure intended to benefit his constituents and
the whole South and West a controversy about
our interest laws ? The general sentiment is
coming to be that money, like every other com-
modity, ought to be left free to bear as high or
as low a price as the parties can agree upon ;
and experience in European countries has
shown that where the rate of interest is left
free it is lowest as a general rule. But that
ought not to be drawn into this discussion,
because by the banking law every State may
fix the rate of interest within its limits. No
bank can charge more than is allowed by the
laws of the State to the citizens of the State.
I supposed that in Indiana they had a law which
allowed ten per cent, interest on a contract to
pay ten per cent. If so, the banks can charge
110 more ; and if they do they forfeit their
charters, they forfeit the whole interest on the
debt, and they are liable to be wound up on
complaint. That is not all. A severe pro-
vision was introduced into the banking law,
if I remember aright, by which the debtor may
at any time within two years sue for and recover
the unlawful interest charged.
Mr. MORTON. The Comptroller says that
is a dead letter.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why do they not do it?
The reason it is a dead letter is that no honor-
able man having made a fair contract would
go and sue to recover back the money paid.
It is like the case of a man who is addicted to
gambling: he will submit to his loss rather than
appeal to the courts for redress. That is not
the fault of the law. If there is any fault about
it it is the fault of the people.
But the Senator says the banks pay interest
on deposits. Why, sir, at the last Congress the
Committee on Finance reported here a bill to
prohibit the payment of interest on deposits.
My friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,]
and, I think, my friend from Indiana, opposed
it with great violence.
Mr. MORTON. I did not.
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate my friend
from Pennsylvania and most of the Senators
around him opposed it with great warmth, and
it was defeated. Now we do not propose to
put on this bill a proposition like that, which
would bring about inevitable defeat, although
I agree with the Senator that the banks ought
not to be allowed to pay interest on deposits.
The Comptroller of the Currency has several
times recommended to us to pass a law pro-
hibiting the payment of interest on deposits,
and the Committee on Finance is in favor of it,
but the Senate is not. Would my honorable
friend load down this bill with an amendment
that has already been voted down by the Sen-
ate? You cannot correct all these abuses and
accomplish all the ends you desire by a single
measure. If the aim and object of this meas-
ure is a good one, if its tendencies are correct,
then it ought to be adopted without, regard to
the multitude of other questions that may be
thrust into this debate.
Mr. President, I am sorry that I have occu-
pied so much time ; but I again express the
hope that this bill, which certainly in its pres-
ent form is a simple one, confined to the ques-
tions I have stated, may be brought to a vote
to-night, and thus give way for other import-
ant bills which are now pressing upon the
attention of Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I unite with
my friend from Ohio in desiring that the atten-
tion of the Senate should be confined to the
precise question before it; but he will pardon
me if I say that I do not unite with him in say-
ing that that is a small matter. That is the
language of the Senator as I took it down,
"that wo are now dealing with a small mat-
ter." Small, sir, it may be to the Senator;
, great it ought to be, great it is to the country.
'The Senator may make it small in his own
thought, to his own vision; but he cannot
change its essential character. The proposi-
tion before the Senate now concerns the cur-
rency of this country, and no proposition touch-
ing that can be small.
The Senator charged me with seeking to
complicate the question. Sir, he did me in-
justice. Ihave no such desire.'. On theother
hand I am anxious to simplify the question.
I am anxious .to relieve the question of the
complications ,a;nd embarrassments thrown
about it by the proposition of the committee.
I do not seek to complicate it. Most sincerely,
most earnestly I declare to you that my object
is to promote the simplification of this meas-
ure. l wish to relieve it of the embarrassments
by which it is surrounded.
How do I complicate it? My proposition
is a distinct substitute for that of the eo,mmit-
tee. There is simplicity. But it is ndtJOnly
a substitute, it is in itself and intrinsically more
simple than the proposition of the committee.
Look at it, sir; I ask any Senator to read it
and tell me if it, is not in itself more simple
than that reported. I am sure that it is.
The committee propose to extend the cur-
rency ; so do I. The object of the committee
is accomplished in two different sections; mine
is accomplished in one section. Their process
is, if I may so characterize it, artificial; mine is
natural. They propose artificially to withdraw
§45,000,000 of an existing security and to
allow a banking circulation in certain parts of
the country to that amount. I propose to
extend the whole banking circulation of the
country from $300,000,000 to $500,000,000 if
the occasion requires it, and to allow banks all
over the country according to their exigencies
to enjoy this circulation. That is my proposi-
tion, simple, not complicated, not embarrassed
by anything else, as is the case with the proposi-
tion of the committee. Sir, this is my reply
to the allegation of the Senator that I seek to
complicate his proposition. He does me injus-
tice, he does my amendment injustice.
Then the Senator goes forward and says that
if the proposition of the committee is voied
down he will go to the root of the matter. Sir,
I like that; I wish the Senator would go to the
root of the matter. Bat what to him is the root
of the matter? Nothing but this: it is to strike
at the banks of the North and the East. That
is going to the root of the matter with him, and
that is the menace which the Senator holds
over the Senate to try to induce them to sus-
tain his proposition. He holds it over me, he
holds it over Senators from the North and the
East, that if they do not take his bill, then he
will go to the loot of the matter; being noth-
ing less than this: that he will despoil the
North and the East of the banking facilities
they now enjoy. That is his idea,of the root
of the matter.
Now, sir, I wish he would go to the root, of
the matter. To my mind the root of the mat-
ter is very clear; it is nothing less than this :
go down to sound principles, and establish a
system that shall be simple, equal, and just,
against which there can be no possible excep-
tion. Such a system I present in the amend-
ment which I have sent to the Chair. Let it
be adopted, sir. and you will have banking
facilities all over the country just according to
the demand, and you will have no injustice in
any part of the country.
The Senator from Ohio has already admitted
more than once in this debate that the proposed
withdrawal of currency from the North and
East cannot be accomplished without disturb-
ance to the channels of trade. And yet he
holds over us the menace that he will sustain
such a proposition. I believe the very fact
that his proposition if carried out would dis-
turb the channels of t?ade is an all-sufficient
argument against it. Especially is it so when
I present to you another proposition which is
not only simple, but entirely equitable and just.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the prop-
osition of the Senator from Massachusetts
which is now pending is a proposition to return
