786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
to right this wrong, if we wish justice done to
the West and South, if wedo not want the peo-
ple of this country to be taxed in the shape of
interest for the loan of credit by these monop-
olists of the East—and I do not use the word
"monopolists" in any offensive sense—if we do
not want the people of the West and the people of
the South to have to pay a large portion of their
earnings for a mere loan of credit by the people
of the Bast, when they are capable of carrying
on their whole business on their own credit if
you will only untie their hands; if we want to
stop that thing, the way to do it is in the direc-
tion pointed out by the Senator from Kentucky
and the amendment he offers. It is because
the bill that is now offered does not go in that
direction, because it is a mere palliative and
does not answer the purpose of equalizing the
currency, that I am opposed to it. There are
some things in it that I like exceedingly well.
I think every person ought to have assented at
once to what my colleague, the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, said this morning
as to the propriety of withdrawing the three
per cents. They ought to be withdrawn. There
is no reason in the world why we should be
paying two millions of interest upon them ; for
X believe those three per cents, now amount to
something like seventy or seventy-five million
dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. Forty-five million dollars.
Mr. THURMAN. You have it so in the
bill, but I see in the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury that they are put at §569,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. Forty-five million dollars
is the amount.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, say $45,000,000.
There is a million and a quarter that you are
paying every year on them in the shape of
interest. There is no reason in the world why
it should continue to be paid. They ought to
be withdrawn. You save just that much by
withdrawing them and the sooner they are
withdrawn the better. Whether this bill passes
or not they ought to be withdrawn ; but certainly
they ought not to be withdrawn and compel the
banks to keep in their reserve $45,000,000 of
greenbacks and thereby contract the currency
that much. Therefore, if you do withdraw them
it is perfectly right to issue $45,000,000 to
take the place of the greenbacks that the banks
must then hold in their reserve. That is per-
fectly right.
If this bill would equalize the currency, if
it would go a great way toward equalizing it, if
it would be a substantial step toward it, I would
cheerfully give the first two sections of the bill
my support; but as I regard it as so ineffect-
ual a measure for that purpose and as blocking
the way to a proper redistribution of the cur-
rency I shall be compelled, as at present ad-
vised, to oppose it in the hope that some better
measure may at some time take its place.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, obtained the
floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator from
Maine to allow me a single moment. I will
occupy but a moment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I beg to answer,
as I Can do without interrupting, the Senator
from Ohio and to state to him, without going
into any elaboration, that my understanding
of the matter, subject to correction, is this:
according to the two distributions which had
already taken place, without any disregard of
law or departure from law, New York would
be entitled to about fifteen dollars by the head.
I do not stop now to ascertain the fraction nor
with precision the amount, but it would be
about fifteen dollars. In truth and in fact if
the distribution there exceeds sixteen dollars it
exceeds itqply by a fraction, because although
a table which the Senator has seen may show
$19 93 per capita, that is reduced by the fact
that banks have gone out and been wound up;
so that the truth is sixteen dollars or sixteen
dollars and a fraction, which. I believe to be
small; whereas in truth, uuderthe construction
of the law contended for, and doubtless correct,
fifteen dollars and a fraction would be, as I
believe, within the demand which New York
would have a right to make. I thank the Sen-
ator from Maine for allowing me to make this
correction.
Mr. THIJRMAN. Will the Senator from
Maine allow me just one moment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. The answer of the Sen-
ator from New York is no answer at all to the
line of argument I was engaged in. The Sen-
ator said if the distribution had been made
without any illegality, according to the princi-
ples of the national banking act, New York
would have had thus and so. That is one of
the very things I complain of, that that mode
of distribution by that banking act was an
unjust one; it was partly a distribution per
capita and partly a distribution according to
businoss
Mr. CONKLING. And I was taking at
that moment no issue with the Senator in that
regard. I was simply seeking to correct what
I thought and think was an untrue classifica-
tion when he put New Yorkand New England
together; insisting, as I understood him, in
the same breath of both that they had in the
same way exceeded that amount of distribu-
tion which they might have under a system
which he chooses to denounce. I am taking
no issue in respect of the merits of the system.
I simply want to except New York from the
statement he makes that some States vastly in
excess, even under this system which he deems
pernicious, have applied for and obtained cir-
culation. That, I maintain, is not true of the
State of New York, unless it be trae in a very
immaterial degree.
Mr. THURMAN. One word more, with the
indulgence of my friend from Maine. I did
not say because I did not know, and I do not
know now, whether this illegal administration
which was demonstrated by my colleague re-
sulted in giving anything to New York or not.
I did not know how that matter was. If it
only resulted in favor of New England, if
New England beat New York city, then for
once in the world New York city was not as
sharp as she usually is. I do not know how
that matter was at all. The Senator was speak-
ing from one stand-point and I was speaking
from another. I was taking population alone
as the basis, and he was taking the basis pro-
vided by the national bank act.
Mr. CONKLING. I am taking the law as
the basis.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes; he was taking that.
I was complaining of the law because of the
very basis of the law, and he was standing by
that as the perfection of human reason. There
we differ.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no ; I was not stand-
ing by it as the perfection of human reason.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator from
Maine yield to me a moment ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to submit two
amendments, or to give notice of them that
they may be considered by the Senate. In line
three of the first section I desire to strike out
$45,000,000 and to insert $52,000,000. It will
take $52,000,000 to give $45,000,000 of actual
circulation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that that amendment is now in order and
will take precedence of the pending amend-
ment. The amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts is to strike out the first two sec-
tions of the bill, and any amendment to perfect
those sections is in order before the question
is taken on striking them out.
Mr. MORTON. Then I move to insert
"$52,000,000" instead of " $45,000,000 " in
the third line of the first section, as it will take
$52,000,000, to give $45,000,000 of actual circu-
lation, the issue requiring $7,000,000 of green-
backs to be withdrawn. I shall further offer as
additional sections two sections taken from the
bill that passed the Senate last spring, providing
for a redistribution of the currency, and amend-
ing them so that they will take but $13,000,-
000 from the State in excess, to be distributed
to the States that have not their share; these
$13,000,000 not to be taken, however, until the
$52,000,000 provided for by the other amend
ment shall have been exhausted, providing
that after the $52,000,000 provided by the first
section have been exhausted, then $13,000,000
may be withdrawn from the States in excess,
in accordance with the provisions contained in
the amendment. This will make $65,000,000
provided for altogether, which I think will be
sufficient for the wants of the West and the
South.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those are addi-
tional sections?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are not
now in order. The first amendment is the
pending amendment now before the Senate,
to strike out "$45,000,000," in the third line of
the first section, and to insert "$52,000,000."
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not hear the Sen-
ator state his reason for changing this amount
from $45,000,000 to $52,000,000. What was
his specific reason for that change?
Mr. MORTON. I will state to the Senator
that the $45,000,000 of three per cents, supply
exactly that amount of currency; that is to say,
they stand in the place of that many green-
backs in the reserves of the banks. When they
are withdrawn $45,000,000 of greenbacks have
to be withdrawn from circulation and held as
reserve. The issue of $45,000,000 of national
bank currency makes a reserve of nearly seven
million greenbacks necessary to support this
new issue of $45,000,000. Therefore it would
be a virtual contraction of nearly seven million
dollars. To prevent any contraction growing out
of this withdrawal of the new reserve for the new
issue of national bank notes I propose to make
the issue of national bank notes $52,000,000,
and that will give $45,000,000 in actual circu-
lation, just the amount that is withdrawn;
and then to provide $13,000,000 more to be
taken from the States in excess, if it shall be
demanded after the $52,000,000 have been
taken up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
1 do not rise to enter into a regular discussion
upon this question, but only to notice one or
two points which have been raised i n the debate.
I shall not find it difficult, I suppose, to vote
for this bill, and for the reasons that have been
offered by the chairman of the committee who
has reported it, but not under his analyzation,
he will allow me to say. That it proposes an
equalization of the distribution of the currency
commends it to my judgment. I can under-
stand that certain sections of the country are
anxious for their proportion of the currency,
which they are fairly entitled to have; but I
can understand also a fact which has not been
stated here, that there are reasons which make
it necessary to equalize the national currency
with reference to that section of the country
which on a former occasion did not exist. As
this equalization of the currency does not
inflate it, it is not only reasonable, according to
my views, but it is perfectly proper for me to
vote for the bill; and I am frank to say that if
it provided for a much larger sum on the same
basis I would do it with equal cheerfulness.
So, sir, it is not necessary to tell me by way of
stimulus that New England has got an unjust
proportion of the national currency of the
country and maintains it.
Now, sir, I have said all I care to say about
the merits of this bill. I shall vote for it, and
possibly may vote for the further extensiou
proposed by the Senator from Indiana. But
1 rose to consider for a moment what the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Finance
has characterized as an illegal and flagrantly
