1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
78?
unjust distribution of the national currency.
I think candor will oblige us all to admit that
we have been a little liberal, perhaps, in the
characterization of the distribution called the
illegal and unjust distribution of the currency.
This national currency has a history. It
originated in 1863. What was the condition
of the country then ? There are advocates of
the South who say that the South has been
deprived of her fair and just proportion of the
currency. Why? If anybody will tell me why
that will answer why it is that there is an un-
equal distribution of the currency. Everybody
knows that the South at the time this system
was inaugurated was not in a condition to share
in the distribution of the national currency,
and that answers that point, I think, satisfac-
torily.
In 1863 Congress undertook to institute what
was called a banking system, which was to
establish in this country a national uniform
currency throughout the nation. But it was
true, as I have said, that the condition of the
country did not admit of that completely ; it
did not admit of an equal distribution of the
national currency. Everybody knows, first,
that the condition of the country did not admit
of it; second, that its business affairs did not
admit of it. While the South was in no con-
dition to share in it at all, the West from its
financial condition was in no condition to share
in it to the extent that the North an d_ East
were. These two general facts in our history
account, I say, satisfactorily for the unequal
distribution of the currency, without finding it
necessary to say that anybody was corrupt or
anybody was particularly at fault either at the
other end of the avenue or in New England.
These general facts in our history explain the
whole thing of the unequal distribution of the
national currency which we are now under-
taking to state.
Now, let us look at the operation of the law
during the first year. My friend from New
York has stated what the law was. It was
predicated in thtsway: first, one half was to
be distributed upon population; the other
upon banking capital, resources, and business.
Everybody could see that that would not be
an equal distribution according to population,
but this whole debate has proceeded upon the
idea that New England has been grasping, or
by some legerdemain or other New England
has got a vast disproportion predicated upon
population. That is not the law. The law
was population and something else : and every-
body knows that when you come to the some-
thing else, New England, with her two hundred
years of accumulations and industries, has got
more of that something else than these other
communities which are complaining of New
England. So that what I mean to say is that
it is not fair to represent this upon tne ground
of population alone. New England is held up
here as having one third of the circulation
when she has but one tenth of the population,
or less. But there is another element to be
considered. I do not mean to say that it does
away with the inequality,^ but I say it does
away with the emphasis with which tins char-
acterization has been made.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 should like to say a
word there, with the Senator's permission.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me his argu-
ment rather makes the case stronger against
New England, because the law certainly did
of the nrst $150,000,000 give every State five
dollars to an inhabitant of the banking circu-
lation, and the law was very liberal m allowing
the other $150,000,000 to be distributed mainly
to the wealthy States. But the chief complaint
is that New England and the operand-wealth-
ier States not only got all the last !?lo0,000,000,
but even got the share that was allotted to the
poor regions of the West.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not argu-
ing that shehasnotgot the lion's share. I am
only accounting for it; that is all. This law
was open to the whole country; that is, it was
intended to be, and it was so far as the country
was in a condition to enjoy it. That is clear,
is it not? Now, how did the country take it?
The first year it went into effect, in 1863 
Mr. KELLOGG. Ifthe Senatorfrom Maine
will permit me to ask him a question I will ask
him if the first distribution of $150,000,000 was
not by law upon the basis of population alone,
and the other $150,000,000 upon the basis of
resources ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I have
stated the whole of the law. The Senator is
undoubtedly right; $150,000,000 were to be
distributed upon population, and the other
$150,000,000 upon resources, &c.
Now, sir, what was the operation of the law
for the first year ? There were one hundred
and thirty-four banks organized in 1863, New
England taking fourteen. That was not her
proportion, was it? Why did not New Eng-
land rush with avidity into this system ? Why,
sir, she had a system with which she was con-
tent ; she had a local system of her own which
met all her demands, which was the precise
thing she wanted, which had proved for several
generations a success, and she did not want
to give it up. That is the truth about it. She
wanted to adhere to it. The nation wasanxious
that she should give it up. New England did
not propose this national system. Everybody
who knows the history knows that New Eng-
land did not do this. New England did not
start to get au advantage any way. She was
content with what she had, and during the
first year she only organized fourteen national
banks, while the middle States organized
thirty-seven, the West seventy-nine, and the
South four.
Well, sir, what is the nextstep? In 1864
my honorable friend from Ohio, then as now
of the Finance Committee, saw fit to change
that law. lie saw that in order to carry out
this system it was necessary to make further
inducements, and the law was completely
changed so that it was left entirely to the dis-
cretion of the Comptroller to distribute this
currency just as he pleased. And yet, sir, you
will find that New England did not rush for
this currency particularly then. Of the four
hundred and seventy-eight banks which were
organized in 1864 New England had only one
hundred and twenty-six ; so that down to the
close of 1864 New England really had but one
hundred and forty-two national banks.
In the next year the act which has been
referred to in this debate, the act of March 3,
1865, was passed, and it is said that the act
of 1863 was therein reenacted. That is true,
undoubtedly; but that is not the whole truth,
for on theself-same day there was an internal
revenue act approved in which there was a
provision that ali existing State banks should
have the right to become national banks and
should have the preference in obtaining cur-
rency over new organizations up to the 1st
day of July, 1805. Up to this time the New
England banks had stood back and had refused
to come into this national system. It had
become the desire and the necessity of the Gen
eral Government to induce them to come into
it. The Government could not afford to have
two kinds of currency in the country. It had
therefore, I repeat, become its necessity to in-
duce these banks in some way to adopt the
national system. What was the inducement?
First, to throw it open here as you see; m the
{ second place, to stimulate them they proposed
to tax their circulation ten per cent.; and with
, this option and with that stimulus of a tax of
' ten per cent, these banks did avail themselves
' of the proposition contained in this law and
! did come in precisely as was contemplated,
! precisely as was desired, and precisely as is
i provided by this law.
't Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
; me to interrupt him again I beg to suggest
i that by the provisions of_ the law to which he
i refers, that privilege expired on the 1st day
of July, 1865, and up to October followingthe
banks absorbed only $190,000,000, leaving
$119,900,000. That was taken up by the oid
banks and by new banks in the old States three
months after that provision of law had expired
by its own terms. ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no in-
formation on that subject. The reports I have
do not show that fact. I am arguing the law
and the facts as disclosed by the public docu-
ments.
Mr. SHERMAN. The reports show it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The public doc-
uments do not show that these banks were per-
mitted to come in under this law after it expired,
so far as I have been able to discover ; and I
assume for the argument that they came in
under this law and according to its provisions
and within its terms ; and assuming that, I in-
sist upon it there is no occasion for sayingthat
either the Comptroller of the Currency or these
banks have been guilty of any fraud upon the
Government or any sharp practices whatever.
1 maintain that the revenue act of 1865 was
and must be construed necessarily to be sub-
sequent to the currency act of the same date
so far as approval is concerned, and that is
apparent by the language of the act itself.
The Comptroller in his report says:
" By the amendment of March 3,1865, the clause re-
quiring an apportionment to be made was reenacted;
but at the same time an amendment to seotion seven
of tlio internal revenue act provided that all exist-
ing State banks should have the right to become
national hanks, and should have the preference
over new organizations up to the 1st day of July,
1865."
Plainly showing that theretofore, before the
enactment of this provision in the revenue act,
the Committee on Finance had reported.the
currency bill, and had reported a provision for
the reenactment of the provision of the act of
1863 ; and afterward Congress enacted, having
reference to that state of things necessarily by
the language of the law, that State banks in
New England and elsewhere should have the
right independent of that provision for the
equal distribution of the currency to come into
the national system and receive currency.
Now, I submit to my honorable friend, if that
interpretation is true, that the Committee on
Finance and the Congress of the United States
are responsible for this inequality.
Mr. SHERMAN. In response to my hon-
orable friend I will say that I stated yester-
day or the day before the precise history of
that amendment offered by the Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony,] and I also
showed from public documents that after the
1st of July, 1865, after the expiration of that
provision which was put on at midnight, in a
night session, on an internal revenue bill, bank
after bank, to the amount of more than one
hundred million dollars, was organized.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. After July ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; after that. I
have already said that I think the construction
put upon the law is wrong.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator will
nGt deny, I take it, that between March, I860,
and July, 1865, these organizations were con-
stantly going on.
Mr. SHERMAN. But I deny the construc-
tion put by the Senator upon it. Those two
laws both bear the same date and were signed
at the same time. They should be construed
together, so that in the distribution of the por-
tion allotted to a State a State bank already
organized within that State had the prefer-
ence. That was a fair construction of the law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That may have
been an equitable construction of the law ; that
is to say, that may have been the original idea
on which this currency was to be distributed ,
but it is obvious that Congress, seeing that
these banks on that principle would not come
in after it had reenacted the act of 1868 which
provided for this equal distribution, did in the
internal revenue bill of 1865 make this pro-
vision, by which it was contemplated and
