788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
desired that these banks should come in ; and
the fact that it passed at midnight does not
weigh against it at all. It was subsequent to
the reenactment of the act of 1863, and its legal
effect cannot be questioned, of course.
The Congress of tha, United States having
induced, having enticed these banks to come
in. having stimulated them to come in by mulct-
ing the'm in the tax of ten per cent, if they
refused, I am a little .surprised that we should
tie turned upon here and held up as being ex-
tortioners, as having played the grab game on
the West and the South. I am perfectly will-
ing to say that it is proper and fair that there
should be an equalization of this currency; and
while I know it bears hardly on the banks to
take away this §45,000,000 of certificates bear-
ing three per cent., which is a substitute for
legal-tenders that will bear no interest, still as
it is in the direction of the general objects of
this whole system and as it does not inflate the
currency, as I said in the beginning, it is per-
fectly agreeable to me to vote for it, and I
should vote for a much larger sum if the Com-
mittee on Finance really supposed that a larger
sum was needed in the South.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amount of three per
cent, certificates is about forty-five million two
hundred thousand dollars. We have gone,
therefore, to the limit of the amount of the
certificates.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So I under-
stand j but I understand the chairman to say
further^ that his information from the Comp-
troller is that the probability is that not more
than twenty or twenty-five million dollars of
this amount will be wanted during the next
year.
Mr. SHEB.MAN. The Comptroller ex-
presses his opinion in writing that $25,000,000
will be amply sufficient to be absorbed by the
southern States, where the want is greatest,
and the other $20,000,000 will be all absorbed
in the western States, at any rate in a year or
two.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On that sup-
position I suggest to my honorable friend
from Indiana, unless he is of a different opin-
ion, that this $45,000,000 would seem to be
ample for present purposes.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, what I
desire and what I have sought to accomplish
as a member of the Committee on Finance is
a practical measure of relief to the people of
the section of the country which I in part rep-
resent. I am not disposed nor do I desire to
reflect upon New England nor upon any other
section of the country. I do not care to investi-
gate how it has occurred that this inequality
has come to exist. What I ask for, what we
think we have a right to ask for, is that some
steps shall be taken to correct this inequality
and to give to the sections of the country hav-
ing less than their share of the benefits of the
national bank circulation their due share. We
seek to accomplish this end; and in introducing
a bill which was framed upon the idea of the
bill now before us, so far as it relates to the dis-
tribution of the banking currency, I sought to
present a proposition which would meet with
as few objections as possible.
The opposition that any measure to with-
draw greenbacks would meet is well known
here. It is well known that such a measure
to substitute national bank notes for green-
backs could not prevail, and therefore it is idle
to press it. Last year we had a proposition to
withdraw from New England a portion of her
surplus circulation and give it to the South.
It met with determined opposition from that
section of the country, and was complained of
as a measure of hardship, if not of injustice.
We were accused of doing a wrong that was
unnecessary. It was said that the benefits we
sought to gain might be procured without
wronging any section of the country.
It will be remembered, to look at the history
of this matter, that a bill passed the House of
Representatives last year redistributing the
whole of the national currency. That bill
came to the Senate and only failed in this body
by two votes. I remember how urgently I was
appealed to then by Senators on this floor rep-
resenting that section of the country which
would be affected injuriously by the passage
of the bill not to press it, and was given the
assurance that some measure of relief to our
section might be secured without the great
wrong and the great injury to business which
would occur by the passage of that bill. I
voted for that bill. It failed here by two
votes.
Then the Finance Committee reported a
proposition taking away only $20,000,000. In-
stead of the general and radical redistribution
that the House bill proposed we reported a bill
taking only $20,000,000 away. That bill passed
the Senate and went to the House at the last
session of the last Congress. The House refused
to concur, and the bill failed in a committee of
conference, failed because the House thought
it was not radical enough, because it did not
go far enough. Then, at the first session of
this Congress the Finance Committee again re-
ported the same proposition,taking $20,000,000
away from the three Slates of Rhode Island,
Connecticut, and Massachusetts, and giving it
to the States having less than their share of
this circulation. That bill, on the motion of
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] was
amended so as to make the amount $30,000,000.
Thatbill also passed the Senate, and is now
pending in the House, but action there cannot
now be secured upon it. The section of tho
country injuriously affected by it—New Eng-
land—is there opposing the passage of that bill,
and I sec no prospect of its passage.
Now, Mr. President, the Finance Committee
come again and propose a practical measure
of relief which injures nobody, to withdraw
these three percent, certificates and tosubstitute
in their place an equal amount of national bank
currency to be given to those States which have
less than their share; and it does seem to me
if we cannot agree upon this proposition, which
neither touches the question of the withdrawal
of greenbacks and the substitution of national
bank notes nor affects the circulation of New
England or any other portion of the country,
we cannot agree upon any proposition.
This bill is in accordance with the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and it is a simple, practical measure of relief.
The inequality everybody admits. Whatever
difference of opinion there may bo as to how
it originated, whether New England was grasp-
ing or patriotic in taking the circulation, the
fact that it exists and that it is unequal and
that it is now unjust and unwise, is admitted
on all hands; and the only question is how
shall it be corrected. The proposition of the
committee, in my judgment, is the only one
that is likely to succeed and to give us any
measure of relief.
The disparity in circulation has been stated.
It is well illustrated by a comparison of the
State of Massachusetts with my own State,
Massachusetts having thirty-five dollars per
capita and my State having thirty-five cents.
This being admitted, I hope that the friends of
this measure will resist all amendments which
will hazard its passage or impair its efficancy,
and adhere to the bill of the committee as the
only practical measure which can probably
succeed here, and which will give us the relief
we ask. This bill will give to the southern
States, according to the report of the Comp-
troller, $25,000,000 of circulation; it will give
to my own State $2,500,000 of national bank
circulation, probably as much as will be ab-
sorbed either in my own State or in the other
southern States for some months or perhaps for
a year or two to come, or perhaps even until
we have reached the resumption of specie "pay-
ments.
Mr. President, there is another effect of this
bill which I would mention. The Senator from
Indiana thinks it is a measure of contraction.
There is this effect which it will have at the
South: there is in all the southern States
now a large amount of capital lying idle in the
hands of"the planters.- In. the old days of
slavery the surplus capital of the planter was
invested in more land and more negroes, and
that capital is now lying idle because the plant-
ers have more land than they want, and, thank
God, they cannot any more bay and sell negroes!
This capital is lying idlenow because they have
no way of investing it in which they have con-
fidence. They are as yet, to a large degree,
indisposed to invest in Government securities;
they are loath to invest in railroads; they are
just beginning to learn to invest their money
in manufactures. If this bill passes millions of
money, millions of capital—not money simply,
but capital—will be withdrawn from its hiding-
places, where it is lying idle and unproductive,
and will, through the medium of these banks,
be drawn into tho channels of business, greatly
increasing the circulation and the capital of the
country.
I am told by the largest and most respectable
bankers of my own State that their deposits of
money were never so large as they are now.
Our merchants never, at any period in the his-
tory of the country, have done so large a busi-
ness as they have done this last year; and I think
I am stating simply the truth, and perhaps less
than the truth, .when I say that there never was
so much surplus money in the hands of the
people of the South as there is now ,- and this
fact is telling upon the pacification of the coun-
try. It is idle to preach to them that the coun-
try is ruined when every man sees in his own
condition the evidences of prosperity. So that I
think this effect of withdrawing idle capital will
more than compensate the trifling contraction
mentioned by the Senator from Indiana.
But, Mr. President, another thing. I fear
that in this wrangle of conflicting opinions here
any measure of practical relief may fail. Be-
tween the desire to get too znuch on the one
hand and the disposition to give nothing on
the other, I fear that now, as act the last session,
every measure of practical relief wijl fail; and
therefore I am urgent that this bill should pass
as it is. Many of the southern States have been
restored to their practical relations with the
Union for now nearly two years, and yet the
Congress of the United States has allowed this
inequality to exist and has taken no steps to
give_ to our people the benefits and the profits
arising from banking. I know that currency,
like water, will find its level. I know that
when we have cotton to sell the capitalists and
bankers of New England send down their
money to buy it; but I know also that all the
profits and the conveniences arising from the
location of these national banks accrue now to
the capitalists there and not to our own people.
Here is an inequality of which we have a right
to complain ; and here again I will assert my
doctrine of the equality of States.
I want the Congress of the United States,
through the medium of the party to which I
belong to show by their action, by their practi-
cal legislation, that these States are restored
to the Union, the equals ofall the others, andto
be as liberally and as kindly dealt with as the
other States. And let me say here, Mr. Presi-
dent, that legislation whichlooks to this recogni-
tion of these States as the equals of all the others,
and which also plainly holds out the idea that
the Government of the country is anxious to
foster all their industries and to uphold all
their material interests, is the wisest possible
measureof reconstruction and of pacification.
Such legislation gives the contradiction, palpa-
ble and plain, to the cry which we have had to
meet in the South all the time, that tha legisla-
tion of Congress is hostile.
Mr. President, I hope that this measure
of tardy and incomplete justice may not be
allowed to fail. It is true, as said by the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, that
it is now five years since the sword has been
sheathed. Yes, Mr. President, and I would now
