1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
701
expense of keeping up coal stations, pay of
engineers, firemen, and coal-heavers, wear
and tear of engines and machinery, the former
amounting to at least $100,000 a year, the
wear and tear of engines and machinery to at
least $1,500;000 per annum. Taking these
figures, considered a moderate estimate, we
have a sura total of $2,773,000 expended in
1868 for coal, engineers, firemen, coal-heavers,
keeping up coaling stations, aud wear and tear
of engines and machinery.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gen-
tlemen if those are actual figures from the
books of the cost of coal for the Navy, or
whether they are not merely estimates?
Mr. HILL. They were given me at the
Navy Department as approximate estimates
of the actual cost from data on their books.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to arrest the atten-
tion of the gentleman in order that he may not
be misled as to the fact that instead of stating
the cost of coal from,actual figures he is stating
estimates made in theabsence of any knowledge
of what has actually been spent for coal on for-
eign stations, and further, that the $2,000,000
claimed to have been saved by stopping the
use of coal is in fact not made up of thesaving
in coal, but is made up largely of the estimated
expense and cost of wear and tear of engines.
Mr. HILL. I called at the Department twice
and they informed me that these were correct
estimates taken from their books.
Mr. DAWES. I would ask the gentleman
if they really made him believe that they put
on their books estimated amounts?
Mr. HILL. They gave me these figures.
Mr. DAWES. That is not the question. I
ask if they made him believe that.
Mr. HILL. i believe these were the expenses
incurred in that Department in 1868, as near
as they could be ascertained.
Mr. DAWES. That is not the question. I
ask you if they made you believe that their
books contained estimated amounts such as
you are reading?
Mr. HILL. No, sir.
Mr. DAWES. That is what you are giving
as taken from their books, estimated amounts.
I ask you, did they make you believe they kept
their books in that way?
Mr. HILL. I cannot yield further.
The importance and economy of this new
order of the Secretary was recently demon-
strated by a trip made by the United States
vessel Swatara to Aspinwall and back, using
sails instead of steam except on entering the
harbor of New York, sailing four thousand
two hundred miles in twenty-seven days and
consuming only about twenty tons of coal for
the whole trip. Had this vessel gone with
steam, using say twenty tons ot coal a day
which is a low estimate, as some of the large
steamers use fifty and seventy-five tons when
under full head of steam, and but few it any
use less than twenty tons a day at tnirteen
dollars a ton the trip to Aspinwall, allowing
sixteen days for steamer, the average time,
would have cost nearly four thousand dollars
for coal, showing a very handsome saving,
indeed, by substituting sails in place ot steam.
There have been fourteen coaling stations
kept up at great expense which will now be
dispensed with ; a large steamer that had eight
engineers will now have only two or three;
those having five now have only one, and the
same proportionate reduction of firemen and
C°MrheSpeaker, if I understand the Secretary^
report aright as quoted, he has substituted sails
for steam, for the purpose of saving the^Go>
ernment the enormous expense the_ items ot
which I have given, and it is upon this that the
gentleman from Massachusetts saw fit t?
nounce the Secretary of the Navy and r"|icu
his views of economy m that direction. L o my
mind the honorable Secretary should be com-
mended for this very wise and important reform
in his Department to save the Government
millions of dollars annually. One or two mil-
lion dollars, I know, are not of much account
in the estimation of some persons, but with
my constituents, especially those who have
taxes to pay, it is considered quite a large sum
of money and worth saving.
Since I have been a member of this House
my voice has been on the side of economy and
retrenchment in public expenditures, and as I
have been in the past so shall I be found in the
future ; and I cannot silently consent to hear
an officer of the Government denounced and
his motives misconstrued, as has been the case
with the honorable Secretary in this matter,
when he proposes to save the Government
$2,000,000 in substituting sails for steam, and
thus cutting down coal bills and expenses of
running steam-vessels.
Mr. Speaker, the Secretary of the Navy
needs no defeiise at my hands. The able and
efficient manner in which he has thus far dis-
charged his official duties is sufficient protec-
tion against such assault.
I trust the gentleman from Massachusetts
will take the first opportunity to _correct the
erroneous impression made by his statement
and reflections, and place himself in a right
light before this House and the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HANDALL. I now yield ten minutes
of my time to the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Calkin] near me.
Mr. CALKIN. Mr. Speaker, I have noth-
ing to say in reference to the locality of League
Island. It has been accepted by the Govern-
ment. The people of Philadelphia gave that ,
island to the Government for a navy-yard, and j
they are now anxious that our Government j
shaj.1 occupy the ground and make use of
that valuable property for navy-yard purposes, i
I stand here in favor of the bill before the
House, and I wish to give my reasons for it in a i
very few words. First, in regard to the interest i
of the city of Philadelphia in this matter. The j
present navy-vard there occupies ground and i
a water front "which are very valuable to that j
city for purposes of commerce; and I am here 1
in this body to advocate the interests of com- ;
merce, whether it affect advantageously the
city of Philadelphia or my great city of New ;
York. As I have already stated, the ground '
nowoccupied by the present navy-yard in Phil-
adelphia is valuable for commercial purposes.
In the second place, there is probably no
location in the country more valuable for the
purposes of a navy-yard for iron vessels than
is League Island, because it has fresh-water
advantages, always so beneficial to the bottoms
of iron vessels, they can bo preserved at that
locality better than they can at any locality
where thev will have to lie in salt water.
, I understand that this bill asks for no money
! to be appropriated. The sale of the land now
i occupied by the present navy-yard at I hila-
delphia will yield more money than will be
needed for the improvement of League Island.
Therefore I think there can be no objection to
the bill on that ground. .
I think that some gentlemen here are inclined
to underrate the importance of our public navy-
vards. Much has been said for and against
them on the floor of this House, -trom our
navv-yards have come some of the finest war
' vessels in. the world. The vessel which ha*
: now gone out to meet the British fleet that is
bearing to this country the remains of the
illustrious philanthropist, George Peabody, is
one of the finest war vessels in the world, and
it was built in one of the Government navy-
! yards of this country. , •
I I do not for one moment underrate the lm-
! portance and enterprise of our private snip-
j vards. I know there have been some very fine
i vessels built in them, but none superior to those
! built in the Government navy-yaras.
1 I believe it is for the interest of this Govern-
ment to foster our public navy-yards and to
i make whatever appropriations may be neces-
sary to enable them to complete the vessels
I now under way, so that in case of another wai
i we shall not have to depend so much upon the
private yards of the country.
This question of League Island has been well
presented by our friends from Pennsylvania.
Every member upon this floor now understands
this question very well, I have no doubt, and
I am very well aware that a very humble.indi-
vidual like myself, cannot say anything that
probably will be of any assistance to it.
But I will say that were it not for the public
navy-yards of this country hundreds of our
ship-carpenters would be driven out of employ-
ment. Work in the private ship-yards has
ceased to a great extent, and grass is now grow-
ing in them. Our mechanics once employed in
those private ship-yards are now looking around
for work to enable them to support their fam-
ilies. Now, were it not for the work in the pub-
lic yards, many families all along our Atlantic
coast would to-day be looking in vain for bread
to eat. I know that in the Brooklyn navy-yard
employment has been given to some three or
four thousand ship-carpenters, calkers, join-
ers, and painters, who have been driven from
the private yards of the country for want of
work. , .
I am in favor of proper appropriations for
our navy-yards; lam in favor of this ^ work
being done on League Island, because it will
give work to the mechanics of our country who
have been thrown out of employment in con-
sequence of the depression of the ship-build-
ing and commercial interests of our country.
And I wish this bill to pass in order that we
may have a navy-yard where our iron and iron-
clad vessels can be preserved for the use of
our country in the years to come. If they be
laid up in salt-water their bottoms become
injured very soon, so that they require a great
; deal of work to be done upon them. This is
! all I have to say upon this question,
j Mr. RANDALL. I yield for a moment to
' the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,]
i who wishes to introduce some papers for refer-
1 6 prevention op marine disasters.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented letters from the Surgeon General of the
Army; from Professor Henry, of the Smith-
sonian Institution; from Professor Loornis,
of Yale College; and from Albert J. Myer,
chief signal officer of the Army, relating to a
plan proposed for the prevention of marine
disasters ; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
navy-yard at madde island.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I recognize
the fact that the most effective opposition that
has been made to this bill was made by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes J
in his able address directed in the main against
the extravagances of this Administration dur-
ing the first year of its existence. That was a
good speech a most important speech for the
tax-pavers of the country; and although it
' militated, in a measure, against the bill which
1 I am here advocating, yet, upon the whole, 1
am glad that this proposition with reference
to League Island was the means of bringing
to the attention of the country the abuses
which were pointed out in the gentleman s
remarks. ,
Let me analyze the remarks ot the gentle-
man so far as they apply to the question under
consideration. He told us that he believes the
navy-yard at Philadelphia would finally have
to be 'located at the place to which we now seek
to have if transferred. He acknowledges that
fact; and that acknowledgment presents to us
this 'question: Why should not this transfer
be made immediate, particularly as his other
ground of objection, as to its containing an
1 appropriation, is not well founded, as I shall
' ^hSesetcond°objection was as to the method
: of disposing of the proceeds of the present
1 yard But the amendment which I have offered
j disposes entirely of that objection. It provides
