794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
machinery from the old yard to that location
and then sell the land of the old yard, so that
the city may improve to that extent and that
there may be an obstacle to that improvement
removed. That is all there is in the bill, and
"the gentleman from Massachusetts is frank
enough to say so.
But he says he has heard that the Depart-
ment is inclined to follow up his bill with
a recommendation for an appropriation of
$800,000 to prepare the ground at League
Island before theold yard issold. I knownoth-
ingaboutany such appropriation ; I have asked
for none. I do not believe that the Depart-
ment will recommend any such appropriation;
and if it should do so I am sure I would not
advocate it, and I am not certain I would vote
for it.
Mr. DAVIS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman one question. If Congress should by
this act direct the removal of the navy-yard
at Philadelphia to League Island, is not that
equivalent to an appropriation for the cost of
the removal?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Not at all. This is not
any such act. It only authorizes the removal
to be made; it does not direct it. But even
if it were directory, Congress has already
directed that Leaguelslandshall be selectedfor
a future navy-yard for iron-clad vessels. Pos-
session has been taken of the ground ; it has
been staked out; and everybody who wants
to build in that neighborhood knows who his
neighbors are to he. No man now goes down
there to put up a fine dwelling-house. Every
man knows that the homes of the laborers in
that yard will be located there at some future
time. All that we are asking now is that Con-
gress shall declare by this bill that when the
new yard shall be developed and improved the
machinery of the old yard shall be removed to
that place and the ground occupied by the
present yard sold, so that everybody in the
neighborhood may know what is the purpose
of the Government.
Sir, I have stated that this bill does not neces-
sitate an appropriation. I now say that it does
not facilitate one. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts says to us:
"You can bring in before this committee an
appropriation for $800,000 and pass it now if thore be
a majority of the committee in favor of it; and a
majority of the House may thus provide for the im-
provement of League Island."
Therefore, as the gentleman now suggests to
me in his seat, there is no need for this bill.
But the gentleman says that when such an
appropriation shall be asked in the future the
Senate may put on legislation to remove the
old yard, which he says cannot be done in this
House, because if a provision were incorpor-
ated in an appropriation bill to remove the
old yard any member of the House could object
to it as out of order; and thus an appropria-
tion might pass to buy new machinery and put
up new buildings, leaving the old structure
and the land unsold.
Sir, I suppose the Senate might or might not
attach to an appropriation such a provision;
but at any rate so far as regards the improve-
ment of this navy-yard we do not gain a par-
ticle. The effect of this bill is to advertise to
the people of the city of Philadelphia that
whenever an appropriation may be made
League Island shall be developed and a new
navy-yard built for the construction of iron and
iron-clad vessels; that the machinery of the
old yard, where wooden vessels are now man-
ufactured, shall be carried down there and the
old yard sold. And I am assured by every-
body who has given any attention to the subject
that the land will sell for a great deal more
than is necessary to make the removal.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I demand a vote.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I appeal to the
gentleman to allow me to be heard.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I offered the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] apart
of my time and he refused to take it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I did not refuse
to take it. I understood the gentleman to be
talking generally to the House. I did not
understand him to make a distinct offer to me.
Mr. SCOFIELD. . I begged the gentleman
from Connecticut to state to me how much
time he wanted. He refused to accept any
time by my courtesy, and the House seconded
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, in accordance
with the pledge I gave the House,, I now move
that this bill be laid on the table, on which
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 06, not voting
50; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Beanmn,Beatty,
Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Blair, George M. Brooks,
Buokley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burr, Churchill,
Clurko, Atnasa Cobb, Cook, Conger, Collom, Davis,
Dawes, Deweeso, Dixon, Box, Ela, Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Finkclnburg, fisher, Garfield, Golladay,
Jlawley, Hay, Heflin, Iloar, Holman, Jenckes,
■Tudd, Julian, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr, Knapp, Knott,
Lafiin, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall,
McCarthy, MoCormick, McCrary, MeGrew, Mc-
Nooly, Elialdm H. Moore, Morgan, Niblack, Orth,
Packard, Paine, Poland, Pomeroy, Potter, Reeves,
Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Sherrod, William J.Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stone,
Stoughton, Strong, Tanner, Tillman, Twichell. Ty-
ncr, Upson, Van Trump,Ward, CadwaladerC.Wash-
burn,William B. Washburn,Welker. Wells, Wheeler,
Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson,
Winchester, Witeher, and Woodward—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archor, Armstrong, Asper,
Axtell, Biggs, Bird, Bowen, Boyd, Burdett, Benjamin
F. Butler, Cako, Calkin, Cessna, Cleveland, Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Dockery, Donley, Duval, Eldridge,
Fitch, Get'/, Ilaldeman, Hale, Hamill, Hamilton,
Heaton.IIoge, Johnson, Alexander II. Jones, Kelloy,
Lash, Mayham, Maynaril, Mereur,"William Moore,
Daniel J. Morrcll, Myers, JN'cgley, O'Neill, Palmor,
Peters, Phelps, Piosser, Randall, Beading, Rice,
Hoots, Sanford, Schumaker, Scofield, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
Stevens, Stiles, Stokes, Strmler, Strickland, Swann,
Townsond, Trimble, Yan Auken, Van Horn, and
Winans—66.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arnell, Bailey,
Banks, Barnum, Bennett, Bingham, Boles, James
Brooks, Buck, Roderick R. Butler, Cobum, Cowles,
Cox, Crebs, Dickey, Dickinson. Dyer, Ferry, Fox,
Gilfillan, Greene, Griswold, 11 flight, Hambleton,
Hawkins, Hays, Hill, Hoag, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Ingorsoll,Thomas L. Jones, ICetcham, Lynch, Jesse
H. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen,
Packer, Sohenck, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Worth-
ingtonC. Smith, Sweeney, Taffe, Voorhees, Whitte-
more, Eugene M. Wilson, and Wood—50.
So the bill was laid on the table.
During the vote,
• Mr. GETZ said : Does this bill contain an
appropriation?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not at liberty
to answer.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid
on the table; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to:
HOMESTEADS.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands
be instructed to inquiro into the expediency of pro-
viding by law fortneappointinentofaland commis-
sioner, to be charged with the special duty of facili-
tating the acquisition of homesteads by the freedmen
and other landless people in the States lately in
rebellion; and that said committee report by bill or
otherwise.
AGRICULTUBii.
Mr. 'WILSON, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent to submit the following resolution:
Resolved. That, with the view of developing the
agricultural resources of the TJnited States and of
introdueinginto this country the cultivation of plants
yieldingmaterialsvaluable in the arts and manufac-
turer, the Commissioner of Agriculture be instructed
to inform this House of the extent and value of the
imports of foreign commodities susceptible of pro-
duction within the limits of this country, as plants
useful for dS-estuffs, medicines, food-products, and
for textile and fibrous materials, and for other eco-
nomic purposes.
Mr. WOOD. If that involves any expend-
iture of money I must object to it.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. It does not.
The resolution was adopted.
leave of absence.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, was by unanimous
consent granted leave of absence for six days.
christiana harbor, delaware.
Mr. BIGGS, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of directing
that the Secretary of War be authorized to detail a
competent engineer to examine the harbor of the
ChristianariveratWilmington, Delaware, and make
report thereupon, with a view to its improvement for
the purposes of commerce and navigation.
united states commissioners.
Mr. MAYHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 978) defining the
powers and jurisdiction of the United States
commissioners iu certain cases; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States.
public debt.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I ask unan-
imous consent to submit the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the public debt of the United States
should be paid strictly according to contract; that
part specified to bo paid in coin should be'So paid:
that not so specified should be paid in currency, as all
other deb ts are paid; and any policy to return to specie
payments while the public debt exists, or to fund the
same with the principal payable in coin would be
an outrago upon the tax-payers of the country and
direct legislation for capital against labor.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us have a
vote on it.
The SPEAKER. It is not before the House.
internal revenue.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following preamble and res-
olution ; which were read, considered, and
agreed to :
Whereas it is represented that a large increase of
revenue might be derived from the distillation of
"drop beer" and "slops" which cannot now be
profitably used under existing laws: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue is hereby requested to inform this House what,
if any, amendments to thelaw are necessary and ex-
pedient in order to authorize and facilitate the utili-
zation of those and similar materials.
new orleans collection district.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I move, by
unanimous consent, to take from the Speaker's
table Senate joint resolution No. 74, to extend
the port of entry of the collection district of
New Orleans, for action at this time.
Mr. RANDALL. Let us see what it is.
The joint_ resolution was read. The first
section provides that the limits of the port of
New Orleans as a port of entry be enlarged
and extended so as to include all that portion
of the parish of Jefferson, left bank, in the
State of Louisiana, lying between the Missis-
sippi river and Lake Pontchartrain and be-
tween the upper line of the parish of Orleans,
left bank, and a line running parallel thereto,
commencing at the Mississippi river at the
upper line of the city of Carrollton, and ex-
tending to Lake Pontchartrain. The second
section provides that the joint resolution shall
take effect from and after its passage.
Mr. COX. I should like to ask the gentle-
man from Louisiana whether this joint resolu-
tion has been before a committee ?
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. It is pre-
cisely like the bill which I introduced into this
House, and which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and also to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. It was approved by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and unanimously
by the Committee on Commerce of the House,
and I had authority to report the bill as thus
approved.
Mr. COX. I -withdraw my objection.
The joint resolution was taken up, read a
nr3t and second time, and ordered to be read
a,. .jr4 ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
