1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
797
only thing the telegraph gent out—that General
Grant's administration required $49,000,000
more than Andrew Johnson's, when he knew
at the moment it was flashed over the wires, as
it came from his mouth in this House, that in
the estimates of a single Department $7,000,000
of it was an error in the print, and that an
error of nearly five millions more arose from
counting in the same sum twice; that my col-
league knew, or ought to have known. That
error came from the mistake of a clerk making
up this book of estimates in the Treasury De-
partment for the first time, and happened in
this way : it is known that a very large portion
of the expenses of the Post Office Department
is paid from its revenues; but those expenses
ever since the close of the war have always
been, and so long as we open up new territory
and extend our postal lines always must be,
in excess of the receipts; so that the manner
of estimating for the appropriation is to esti-
mate the amount necessary to carry on the
Department, crediting the receipts and asking
what is called a "deficiency," to be appro-
priated out of the general Treasury.
Now, in making up this amount the Post-
master General first estimates for all the
expenditures necessary to be made for the
fiscal year. Then, for the information of Con-
gress, he estimates how much revenue he will
have; and the difference between the amount
he desires and the amount of his revenue is
the money to be appropriated out of the gen-
eral Treasury. In making up that amount the
Postmaster General put in over four million
dollars as the difference between the receipts
and expenditures, for the information of Con-
gress, but that should not be added to the
amount he needs to run his Department. Now,
unfortunately for the Department and my col-
league, for it deeply injures both, from the
want of understanding the method of making
up the accounts of the Post Office Department
the Treasury clerk who prepared the estimates
added in that $4,000,000, and then by another
blunder that $4,000,000 was made to read
$11,000,000, to which amount, by an equal
blunder, my colleague charges General Grant's
administration with exceeding Andrew John-
son's in extravagance and corruption.
The exact amounts are as follows: the total
amount of appropriations asked for by the
Post Office Department for postal service is
$26,306,093, to which must be added, for the
expenses of the Department proper in Wash-
ington, $420,540, and also $700,000, which is
the standing appropriation for free matter, and
which does not add to or diminish the compar-
ison. So that the whole amount asked for by
the Post Office Department, instead of being
$39,134,764 21, as appears in the bookof esti-
mates, was $27,482,083. Here, then, was an
error of $11,702,131 21, which my friend from
Massachusetts could have at once ascertained
if he had gone to the Post Office Department.
He need not have done even that, because on
the 7th of December the error had been dis-
covered at the Department, and he as chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations had
been notified of it. And yet, notwithstanding
the letter so notifying him, he took notice only
of the $7,000,000, not recognizing or under-
standing that there was a clerical error, m
making up the accounts, of $4,000,000.
Ought not the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, before he made an attack
upon an Administration of which he was in the
place of leader in the House, to have ascer-
tained such error? But if he had pursued his
investigations with the intent to exculpate and
not to inculpate thePost Office Department, he
would have round another $1,000,000 of appar-
ent estimate for expenditure, which is a mere
effect of book-keeping and not an expendi-
ture. On the 229th page of the book of esti-
mates from which he read—which seems to
have been his unrevised Bible, with the Apoc-
rypha included—he would have found an item ot
$1,000,000 under this head: '1 Retransferred to
money-order account; money transferred by 
postmasters and deposited in the Treasury for
postage receipts, $1,000,000." But as this
is only a method of book-keeping appearing
in both estimates, it is not an expenditure, is
not an extravagance; it is only a method of
keeping accounts. And yet it has gone forth
to the country as one of the $331,000,000 of
expenditure of the extravagance of General
Grant's administration, and that, too, in the
speech of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, who ought to be the leader of
the Administration in the House.
By the erroneous calculation made by my
colleague the present Post Office Department
is held responsible for asking $0,000,000 more
to cover deficiencies than was asked by the late
Administration, when the truth is the late Post-
master General (Randall) got in round numbers
$25,500,000, exclusive of subsidies $750,000,
and free matter $700,000, of which the receipts
were estimated to pay all but $5,700,000 de-
ficiency. On the other hand, Mr. Creswell, esti-
mating the increase of his receipts at ten per
cent., fixes the sum total of incoming revenue
at $21,000,000, and states the actual deficiency
at $4,700,000, being $1,000,000 less than was
allowed Andrew Johnson's Postmaster Gen-
eral. Then Mr. Creswell further shows that
there has been saved out of the deficiency ap-
propriation for last year $1,500,000, of which
sum it is shown that $800,000 is available.
This reduces Mr. Creswell's deficiency to
less than $4,000,000, or, in round numbers,
$1,800,OOOless than the deficiency appropriated
to his predecessor.
So it will be seen that besides making a sav-
ing in the deficiency in last year in actual ex-
penditure of $1,500,000, which alone is the test
of economy, in the first year of his adminis-
tration, the Post Office Department in the sec-
ond year of General Grant's administration,
and notwithstanding necessary increased ex-
penditure caused by the increase of postal
facilities year by year, proposes to get along
with $27,000,000 in round numbers against
$31,000,000 in the first year of the Adminis-
tration, estimated for by the Secretaries of
President Johnson, leavinga diffevoncein favor
of the estimates of the second year of Grant's
administration, when it is charged with extrav-
agance by my colleague, who hopes to be the
leader of the House, of $3,942,200.
Before leaving the subject of the administra-
tion of the Post Office Department, however,
I beg leave to dwell a moment on the wit ex-
pended by my colleague upon the saving which
the Postmaster General says he can make by
the abolition of the franking privilege. I have
no means of examining the data, but I do not
understand that the franking privilege "only
includes the paper bought by the Government
with thirty letters per day for each member of
Congress, which would, the gentleman avers,
only amount to one tenth part of the sum, to
wit, $500,000, because I do not learn that the
franking privilege is all one way. I apprehend,
in the first place, that all the letters written
by postmasters are sent free, all letters written
to or by heads of bureaus and of Departments,
and all sent to members of Congress, which I
think, as a rule, will be very many more than
are written by thera ; all documents and peti-
tions sent them and all the mass of correspond-
ence to the Internal l^evenue Bureau will make
a very much larger sum than the gentleman
contemplates, and I am sorry that he^ should
choose to sneer at the abolition of the franking
privilege in that way. Certain it is that the
Government has already allowed a permanent
appropriation of $700,000 to the Post Office
Department for many years for free matter,
which is upon the very bookof estimates which
is my colleague's text; so that if he is right we
have been overpaying for the franking privilege
that we have more than two hundred thousand
dollars a year for many years.
I do not feel called upon to sustain the
mathematics of the Post Office Department;
yet I can show, and these considerations do
show, that the mathematics of my brother are
wholly at fault. While I desire as xvell as he
to see the franking privilege abolished, because
to every member personally it is an impedi-
ment and a nuisance, yet when it is abolished
I wish to see it abolished for everybody, every-
where, and above all, after the impudent howl-
ing of certain newspapers about the franking
privilege, do I want to see every newspaper
pay its postage for their, use of the franking
privilege in having mails loaded down with, iu
many instances, deleterious sheets spreading
advertisements of quack nostrums and abor-
tion medicines all over the land at the expense
of the Post Office Department and the tax-
payers of the country. When the New York
Tribune pays at the same rate by weight for
the circulation of its blanket sheet that the
poor man pays for his letter, then abolition of
the franking privilege will be nigh at hand.
But while all papers within the county are
sent free, and while weekly papers are sent
at a price nearly free, thousands ilpoW thou-
sands of wet and heavy sheets all over this
land at the expense of the letter of the poor
man, I desire a little modesty on the part of
the editors in demanding the abolition of the
franking privilege for other people. One ad-
vocates its abolition for everybody but himself;
not a novel way of showing benevolence and
philanthropy and preaching economy.
NAVY DEPARTMENT.
The objective point, to use a military phrase,
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations seems to be the Navy Department;
and there again he makes some statements
which I cannot allow to go unchallenged. And
these are so gross and show so little apprecia-
tion of his subject that I must conclude he has
been imposed upon by some dishonest person,
because I am sure if ho had put his mind,
clear as it is, to work upon the matter or given
it the slightest personal examination he would
have seen that his statement was not correct.
His statement is:
" I say that the estimates of this Secretary in ref-
erence to these expenditures do not inspire ipe with
entire confidence. I know ho speaks of economy
and the saving of money, but, sir, the great point
upon which I lind that ho has exponded his ener-
gies is upon the promise ho holds out to the House
that ho will save §2,000,000 upon the article of coal
alone, the whole estimate for which for ths last two
yearn loan less than one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars a year 1"
Is this latter statement of fact correct 1 If
it is I will beg his pardon and sit down. If
it is not he ought on bended knees to ask the
pardon of every one of the Republican party
whose administration he has maligned by such
a blind mistake which it was easily within, his
reach to have made correct. When the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations
speaking on a matter of appropriation speaks
of the "last two years" I understand him to
speak of the last two fiscal years, to wit, the
one ending June 30, 1869, and the one ending
June 80, 1870.
Now, on page 208 of the book of estimates
for Appropriations for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1809, will be found the estimate in
these words:
"Estimate of coal for the use of the Navy, for
the purchase, transportation, and expenses thereon
for seventy steam vessels, at live hundred tons per
annum, $900,000."
In the estimates for the year ending June 30,
1870,1 find the estimate to be on page 263 in
these words:
" For the purchase of coal for forty steamers, &c.,
$480,000."
Making in those two years $1,380,000 asked
for coal for the Navy, instead of $150,000 a
year for the last two years, as my colleague
has put the fact—only a mistake in the plain
matter of fact that appeared on the book of
estimates of over $1,080,000 on the estimate
of $300,000.*. If either Mr. Secretary of the
Navy or Mr. Postmaster General has worse
arithmetic than that I leave the country to
