1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
answer to the sweeping charge in round num-
bers of $49,000,000 by accurate but also
yound numbers:
Table of amounts not to be charged to excess of expend-
itures in General Grant's administration, as herein-
before shown.
Legislative department  $1,627,000
Department of State  10,000
Treasury Department:
Construction of public buildinss not rec-
ommended  $0,000,000
Saving in interest on bonds pur-
chased, interest on which is
estimated for  9,000,000
Other appropriations not asked
for this year  1,200,000
  16,200,000
Interior Department:
Pension surplus not appropriated for last
.. year ©11,000,000
Decreased estimates in Indian
Bureau  1,000,000
War Department:
For fortifications and improvement of riv-
ers and harbors not recommended by the
Secretary  $9,000,000
Less than amount appropriated
for and estimated last year.... 6,000,000
Navy Department:
Amount asked for..... $28,441,000
Against appropriation®^,956,000
And balance on hand.. 16,007,000
  31,963,000
12,000,000
15,000,000
3,522,000
3,522,000
Post Office Department, (as corrected,)  11.500,000
Judicial department, rendered neeessaiy
by law of last Congress  62,000
Less than apparent estimates „$59,921,000
Or, deducting $49,000,000, which is charged
as the excess this year less than the appropri-
ation of last year, ^10,921,000; or less than
Andrew Johnson's estimates for last year
$30,921,000.
It will thus be seen that instead of our
Administration calling for more than it had
last year to carry on the Government, it asked
. for and only recommends the appropriation of
/ a sum which instead of being $49,000,000 in
: excess of last year's estimates it is in fact
$10,921,000 in diminution of lastyear's appro-
priation, and more than thirty millionsless than
Andrew Johnson's estimates ; showing that the
professions of economy which General Grant
put forth in hi3 message, and which every one
of his Secretaries recommends and enforces in
his report, are not, as the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations states, false pro-
fessions not intended to be carried out in fact.
These explanations of the book of estimates
'which I have given, and for the accuracy of
the details of which I am quite sure I can
youch—and it is open to any gentleman to
examine them in connection with the records
—these explanations, I respectfully submit,
should have been given by my colleague as the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
so that the true position of the Government
upon its expenditures might have been fully
understood by the country. He stands in rela-
f tion to the Government as chancellor of the
# exchequer presenting his "budget" on the
' floor of Parliament. Whoever heard of a chan-
cellor of the exchequer not explaining a single
item of the budget he presents except to say
that the estimates are extravagant and cor-
rU1He should not have played the part of Ham
in leaving uncovered the nakedness he sup-
posed he saw, and left to me the role of Japhet
and Shem, save there is no nakedness to cover.
He should have remembered that he was a
part—ay, and from his high position an j,1?"
portant part—of this Administration, and 11in
anything it had seemed to be wrong, it was bis
duty to his Administration and his party to have
sought most carefully for the explanations. I
am informed he has not done so except in one
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—Mo. 51.
or two instances of Departments, of which he
does not speak, certainly not in the cases of the
Departments upon which he has made the most
furious onslaught. If I do him wrong I pause
now that here, where the assertion is made, he.
shall set himself right; because I assert that in
the case of the War, the Navy, and the Post
Office Departments, the two last of which he
has most bitterly attacked, he had not sought
either in person or by letter any explanation,
and had taken no apparent notice of the facts
and figures set forth in a letter of the Post
Office Department sending him a correction
of errors. I pause for reply.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to inter-
weave the remarks which I intend making in
reply to the gentleman in his speech. In due
time I intend to reply.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As my
colleague does not admit the facts I have stated
on this point I send to the Clerk to be read a
letter written by me to some of the Cabinet
officers on tln3 topic, and I append the answers
of those Secretaries whom my colleague has
most particularly assailed: the War Depart-
ment for its estimate of public works; the Navy
Department for like estimates ; and the Post
Office for its excess of appropriations and
arithmetic.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washisotos, January 22,1870.
Sip. : I cut from a rospectabie paper in Massachu-
setts, in my district, an article containing a notioo
of Mr. Dawes's speech in tiro House. One paragraph
is as follows:
" It is proper to add that Mr. Dawes did not determ-
ine to make this exposure till he had visited the various
jbepaitmcnts a (i urged a revision and reduction of
estimates, and it is inula stood tlwt he even went to the
President and talked v>Uh him about the matter."
Is that statement correct so far as the Seoretary of
War is concerned? An answer at your earliest con-
venience is requested.
1 have the honor to bo, very respectfully,
BENJAMIN F. BDTLER.
Hod, William \V. Bki.kxap,
Seoretary of War.
War Dr.paktmbnt,
asrnxgton City, January 24,1870.
v Sin: I have the honor to stato, in answer to your
inquiry of the 22d instant, that I have no knowledge
of any visit having boeri mado to tins Department
by lion. Mr. Dawes for the purpose of urging a
revision and reduction of the estimates.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM W. BELKNAP,
Secretary uf Vuo\
Hon. B, F. Btttlkr.
House of Representatives.
Washington, D. C., January 22, 1870.
Dear Sir: i have reeeivedyour letter of this date
quoting a newspaper paragraph making the follow-
ing statement, namely:
" lti> proper to add that Mr. Dawes did not determ-
ine to mako this exposure till he had visited the
various Departments and urged a revision and reduc-
tion ot estimates, and it is understood that ho even
■went to the President and talked with him about
•^In^'espouse to the question in your letter, whether
'that statement is corrcct so far as the Secretary oi
the Navy is concerned. Istatcthat Ihayeno knowl-
edge that Sir. Dawes nas vi-jited the Navy Depart-
ment since the commencement of the present session;
that he bas certainly never spoken to we at any time
in regard to the estimates of the Department in any
respect, nor communicated with me on the subject,
Very respectfully, GE0E6B M- ROBESON.
Hon. B. I". Bctler,
House of Representatives.
Post Office Dkpahtmext,
Washington, 1J. C., January 2i. 18/0.
My DeabSik: I am just in receipt of your note of
92d instant calling my attention to a paragraph
cut as you inform me, from a respectable paper in
you/dirtnet?  "d inqui'mg whether the .Utomenl
therein iy correct so far as the Por-tinaster Ueneial la
The paragraph is as follows: "It i^ proper to add
that Mr. Dawk.-, did not dotermmo to mako tins
exposure till ho had visited the various Deparimenti-
and urced a revision and redaction of estimates, and
it is understood that ho even went to tho President
and talked with him about the matter..
In r<>plvl have to sa' that the loregomg statement
is wholly incorrect so far as I am concerned. Mr.
Daw£S has never, to my knowledge, visited too 1 oat
Office Department with the purpose of discussing tho
estimates or making any inquiry relating thereto.
He has never "urged" on me or on any other officer
of the Department a "revision'' or a "reduction" of
the estimates, or even intimated to me that there
was any necessity for either. In faqt, he has never
consulted, or expressed a desire to consult, with me
on the subject.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,
JNO. A. J. CRESWELL.
Hon. Benjamin E. Butlse.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If he
believed, as I have no doubt he did believe, that
the extravagance existed of which he spoke it
was his duty to his party and to tho country to
strive by every means in his power to prevent
such extravagance, and of this no one- has a
right to complain. The country believes he has
done a duty because it believes his figures and
statements are a correct and just exhibit of the
facts, and he has much credit for the boldness
and independence with which he has put them
forward; to all of which he would have been
entitled if they had been true or just. On the
contrary, so far from being true, his statement
that the estimated expenditures of General
Grant's administration were $331,000,000 is
incorrect and calculated to make a false im-
pression upon the country as will be seen iii this,
that he had before him the official report of the
Secretary of the Treasury that he estimated the
expenditures of the Government, based on
existing laws, at $291,000,000 only; while my
colleague with that report before him puts it
before the country that the Secretary of the
Treasury, who is the estimating officer of the
Government, estimated the expenses for the
coming year in the book of estimates at $331,-
000,000, or $40,000,000 more than be knew or
ought to have known was the estimate of the
Administration of the expenditures of the
Government for the coming fiscal year. And
yot with all this knowledge he sent abroad that
unjust, incorrect, and most unhappy statement
to the country to be a club in the liandsof the
enemies of the Government with which to
assault it.
Is it wonderful that the Democratic side of
the House should be willing to subscribe for
one hundred and fifty thousand copies of his
speech as the best campaign document they
could find for their use ? W hy did not the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, if he
wished to convict the administration of Gen-
eral Grant of extravagance, or give it the " faith-
ful wounds of a friend," try that question by
its expenditures, and not attempt to convict it
of extravagance on mere estimates made by
bureau officers of. what the cost of possible
expenditures may be if they are all directed to
be made by law of Congress? Why take the
estimates of those bureau officers of the ex-
penses of the Government to be $831,000,000
when he had in the official report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury (page22) the statement that
the whole expenses would not exceed for the
year $291,000,000? Why add, to the injury of
the Administration of his choice, $40,000,000,
and take advantage of a clerical error to make
the statement still more striking and still more
damaging? I repeat, why did not he try the
Administration by its expenditures? They,
after all, are tho only test of economy of gov-
ernment.
I append herewith a table showing the ex-
penditures for the last year of Andrew John-
son's government, ending June 30, 1868, and
of the year ending June 80,1803, eight months
of which only were Andrew Johnson's, and
also the expenditures from July 1, X868, to
March 1, 18G9, being the last eight months ot
Andrew Johnson, from which it will appear
that in the la&t year of Andrew Johnson he
spent §370,000,000; that in the last eight
months of his government $230,000,000 were
spent: while in the year ending June 80, ISbJ,
eight months only of which were Andrew
Johnson's, $321,000,000 were spent. Both the
last, however, included Alaska, for which no
one but this House #88 to blame, So that,
