1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
gress, again his voice was silent; no word to
help either of these great measures of freedom
and Radicalism passed his lips.
When the civil rights bill, thatgreatpalladium
of liberty to rescue ail oppressed race from a
slavery which had not even the alleviation of
the interest of the master in his slave, was pend-
ing before the House it received not his power-
ful advocacy. When the fifteenth amendment
which secures equal political power to all men,
irrespective of race and color, with appro-
priate legislation to enforce those rights, needed
every true man to the rescue, once again my
colleague was not heard. When the recon-
struction acts were before Congress, which were
come to be almost a test of party fealty, no
word came from him in behalf of the suffering
Republicans of the southern States, and the
only utterance upon those topics he did make
were against the passage of the Mississippi bill
in the last days of the last session; and liis
arguments then furnished the eloquent gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Voorhbes] the best
topic for arguments in debate which were had
against the Georgia bill at this session, as he
has once more furnished the best campaign
document to the Democracy. True, except in
/ the latter ease, his name was always heard " ay "
i at roll-call; but then it was Massachusetts that
' voted, and not my colleague. But his voice is
now raised potentially, resounding all over the
land, bnt it is against the Republican Adminis-
tration and not for it; and that Republican
Administration, too. gave him the very position
whieh has enabled that voice to be so terrible
in its denunciation and unwitting misrepresent-
ation.
Mr. Speaker will remember that while or-
ganizing the committees of this House last
spring, when it might have been supposed that
a member of the former Committee on Appro-
priations, one of his former colleagues, might
have been selected as chairman of the Com-
mittee on A ppropriations of the present House,
it seeming natural that he should be because
of his position, the friends of the then in-
coming Administration very forcibly pressed
the present chairman upon the Speaker's notice
for that position, alleging that he was a sound
man ; that he was a safe man, a steady-going
man, a friend of the Administration; while
that other individual whom I have in my mind's
eye might be supposed not always to pull quietly
in the party traces; and the Speaker yielding-
may I say almost against his better judgment,
if there were no other incentive to a different
course—made my colleague the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations; the wheel-
horse of the Administration, who was to hold
back in the thills when the wagon pressed
heavily down hill and stretch to it when it
was necessary to start it out of the rut. But
lo! behold, he balks at the first rising ground-
nay, runs backward and tips the whole load
into the gutter. The other man could not, have
done worse, perhaps not better.
In reviewing the speech ol my colleague
which I have felt it my duty to do because of
some familiarity with the subject of appropria-
tions and estimates, he will see that I have not
"set downauglit in malice." The onlyfeeling
which has been elicited is one of sorrowing regret
that he has not sat down with me or some one
more worthy and made the same examination
that I have done before he made his speech, and
saved the country from a shock which if has ex-
perienced, and savgd the Administration of his
choice from misrepresentation upon the public
expenditures, with which he has filled thepub-
lic mind, about which the people are now so
sensitive.
I have heard it said that it was better that
my colleague should have exposed the wrongs
of the Republican party and its administration
rather than left them to be found out and ex-
hibited by our enemies ; that his course shows
that we do not hesitate to expose our party
faults when they are known. That is all very
true. But were they wrongs which he has
exposed ? Is it better to make a mistaken and
illusory exposition of faults that do not exist
to the injury of one's own friends? If our
enemies had done this thing it would have been
as now immediately answered and with much
more effect, because we should have had the
powerful aid of my colleague in the answer.
But now we have the apparent authority of his
great name opposed to us. We are, indeed,
injured in the house of our friends.
During Mr. Butler's remarks the hour
expired.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the committee will
indulge my colleague to finish his speech.
' Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I should
be glad to do so.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no objection, with
the understanding that the additional time he
occupies shall not come out of the five hours
allowed for debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair omitted to
state when this bill was taken up that the
House had limited the general debate to five
hours. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Bcti.br] has occupied the floor for one
hour and desires unanimous consent to con-
tinue his remarks. The committee cannot
enlarge the time allowed for debate, but they
can allow the gentleman from Massachusetts,
by unanimous consent, to proceed.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. I object because there
are other gentlemen who propose to occupy
the remaining four hours.
Mr. DAWES. It will gratify me very much
if the gentleman will withdraw his objection.
Mr. RANDALL. I will do so if the gentle-
man will agree to ask the House for additional
time.
M r. DAWES. I will ask the House to allow
an additional hour for general debate on this
bill. I shall do it with the confidence that the
House will extend my time if I find it neces-
sary. [Cries of " Certainly."]
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
proceeding, with the understanding that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
will when the committee rises ask the House
to extend the time for general debate upon this
bill? The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, then re-
sumed, and concluded-his remarks.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will do-so, in order
that the gentleman may obtain the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I propose
myself to make the motion that the committee
do now rise. Before doing so, however, per-
mit me to say that when the House shall go
into committee again I will ask attention to the
occasion I had for making the speech to which
my colleague has replied, to the truth of that
speech, and to the propriety of making it, and
I shall endeavor as well as I may be able to
confine myself exclusively to thosethree points.
I am not to be diverted from them by any
remarks that have fallen from the lips of my
colleague. This is not a personal matter, and
I do not propose in discussing it to take notice
of anything personal that has fallen from any
lips in connection with it. Before I sit down,
however, to-night, may I be allowed to say to
my colleague that though it may be true that I
have little to boast of in the years I have served
here, it may, I hope, be proper for me to say
also that I have less to repent of. The people
of Massachusetts know my colleague and my-
self very well. They do not need either my
colleague to tell them what I am nor me to tell
them what my colleague is. They do desire to
know whether I told the truth the other day,
and therefore I propose to answer that question
as of more importance than the other._
A newspaper in this city, whose praises and
censure are alike made to order and for pay,
and that never fails to lick the hand that feeds
it, whether its pay be in gold or in the currency
of the country, has notified me that I am no
longer wanted in the Republican party. My
colleague, while the image of Joab ia in his
mind, says to me that I am unworthy of the
support of the Republican party, but he loves
me still.
As I said before, we are both pretty well
known. I may be pardoned,.however, if I say
in the few minutes before I ask the committee
to rise that the time I have served here goes
back of the time when these galleries were
filled with aimed men frowning down upon
freedom of debate in this Hall: beyond the
time when, with revolvers in nand, it was
attempted to crush freedom of expression
here.
And, sir, when I think that under the auspices
of the Republican party, as represented here in
this Hall, the thirteenth article of amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, to
which my colleague has alluded, was adopted,
and the shackles were knocked off four million
slaves; and the fourteenth article of amend-
ment was adopted, by which they were lifted
up to the place of manhood; and the day is even
now dawning when by the adoption of the fif-
teenth article of amendment to the Constitution
of the United States they are to be clothed with
the franchises of citizens ; and when I think
that the partiality of those among whom I was
born have permitted me to contribute a little
of influence and of power and of vote for all
three of those measures ; when I think of all
that I do not know that there will ever be any
better time than now for me to retire from
association with the party I love so well and
whose principles I have advocated here for
fourteen years to the utmost of fhe measure of
my ability, humble I confess it to be. Yet, while
it may be as well that I should retire now as at
any time, I had a little rather that some other
people should serve the notice on me.
But I would crave the opportunity of seeing
this Republican party finish up its great work
and complete the mission whereunto it is sent.
I would crave the opportunity, if I might be
permitted, to contribute my little to that end.
It may not be in speech always. It may be
that I have erred in confining my speeches here
so exclusively to the matters which the House
have intrusted to me, and have not as often,
perhaps, as I ought jumped into everybody's
debates.
Now that human rights are imbedded' in the
bulwarks of the Constitution I want to see the
Republican party bring the country down from
the plane of war to that of peace, from the
expenditure of money that was poured out like
the blood of patriotism and with the blood of
patriots for the salvation of the country down
to the expenditures of peace, now that the sal-
vation of the country is secured.
1 do not know but I arrogate something to
myself in craving a little longer to labor with
the Republican party here. But be that so or
not "the past, at least, is secure." In my retro-
spect of fourteen years here I make no com-
parison with any one else. While I have doubt-
less made many shortcomings in that time, and
I have nothing to boast of in what I have done
upon this floor, I hope I have as little to repent
of in my action here as I should have had had
I followed other lights and other examples. I
am ready, I contemplate voluntarily myself to
submit to the judgment of my constituents
whether I have been faithful or not.
I do not propose, however, in the duty of
the hour, which is to eall the attention of the
country to the proposed expenditures of the
Government, to be diverted from that great
duty by any petty debate here with any man
upon the miserable and unimportant question
of my own political conduct.^ I trouble not
myself about my record. It is made, and if
posterity shall care to look at it, it may be that
they will vindicate it. If they do not it does
not matter now.
