806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
million acres of valuable land, may be vacated,
and that provision maybe made by law for the
removal of the Indians and for the sale of the
reservation. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. W1LLE Y presented the petition of Ly dia
E. Carhart, widow of Jeremiah Carhart, late
of the city of New York, asking for the exten-
sion of a certain patent for improvements in
reed musical instruments; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of mem-
bers of the bar of EJvansville, Indiana, and a
petition of members of the bar of Fort'Wayne,
Indiana, praying an increasa of the salaries
of the judges of the Supreme Court, the circuit
and district courts, and the Court of Claims ;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of Indiana, praying the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. PATTERSON presented a petition of
citizens of New Hampshire, praying the abo-
lition of the franking privilege; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offieesand
Post Roads.
Mr. POMEROY. I present several petitions
numerously signed by citizens of the United
States, relating to the inequality that exists
among citizens in relation to suffrage, and pray-
ing that this inequality may be removed either
V act of Congress, where Congress has juris-
diction, orbyan amendmenttouie Constitution
of the United States. I move the reference of
these petitions to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a number of
petitions stating a grievance which the peti-
tioners ask to have considered, and an evil
which they ask to have corrected. These peti-
tions are signed very numerously by citizens
of Deerfield, Oneida county, New York ; Cot-
tage, New York; Shelley's Basin, New York;
Cornwall, Orange comity, New York; Smith-
field Flats, New York; Springfield, Otsego
county, New York; Somers, New York, aud
other places. I call the attention of the Sen-
ator from Nevada to the fact that the envelope
contains a mark which, if he was in the habit
of paying his postage, he would understand
indicates that the postage upon this package
of petitions has been paid. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. I should like to know how the
honorable Senator knows it, as he does not
pay any. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. I know it_ by the long
attention that I have given to this abuse and
by the frequency with which I have voted
against some Senators for its abolition. It
was in that way that I oame to know the sig-
nification of it.
Mr. NYE. I should like to inquire of the
honorable Senator if he directed that they
should be prepaid in order that attention might
be called to that fact here?
Mr. CONKLING-. I cannot tell the Senator
that. _ I only show him that these petitioners
are sincere as he understands their sincerity.
Mr. NYE. Three cents' worth!
Mr. CONKLING. I say to the Senator
again that if he was familiar with these stamps
he would know that this is a six-cent stamp.
Mr. NYE. How many ounces did the pack-
age weigh ?
Mr. CONKLING. I will inform the Sen-
ator upon that point on the next occasion when I
attempt to answer one of his arguments in favor
of the franking privilege. I move now that
these petiiions be referred to the Committee
on Post Offiees and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON, Mr. President, I know I
shall be excused in departing from the rule
adopted by the Senate with regard to the pre-
sentation of petitions relative to the franking
privilege in asking to present to the Senate the
petition which I hold in my hand from forty-
five hundred and eighty-one citizens of the city
of Ne w York, praying Congress to abolish the
franking privilege. 1 have similar petitions
from Rockland county, St. Lawrence county,
Sullivan county, and lOswego county, in the
State of New York, all praying for the same
object. I move that those petitions be referred
to the Committee on (Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I also present the preamble
and resolutions unauimously adopted at a
meeting of the board of trustees of the Sea-
men's Fund and Retreat, held in New York
a few days ago, asking that some action be
taken by Congress which shall result in placing
the entire matter of the care of sick and dis-
abled seamen arriving at the port of New
York, with adequate provision for their sup-
port, under the exclusive control either of the
United States Government or of the State of
New York. I move that the preamble and
resolutions be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The raotien was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON also presented the petition
of David T. Jackson, late captain company D,
twenty-fifth regiment New York cavalry vol-
unteers, praying to be allowed pay for bervices
rendered as captain in that regiment from the
19tli of March, 1864, to the 7th of July, 18G5 ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented two
petitions of the citizens of the State of Maine
in favor of the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege ; which were referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. ROSS presented a memorial of steam-
engine builders of the State of Kansas, remon-
strating against the granting of the petition of
George H. Corliss for the extension of his letters-
patent of March 10, 1840, for improvements in
the steam-engine; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. McDONALD presented a petition of
the grand jury for the eastern district of
Arkansas, for the October term, 1869, praying
an increase of the fees and per diem of the
grand jurors; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House ofRepresentatives,
by Mr. McPnERSOx, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House had signed the en-
rolled joint resolution (S. R. No. 74) to extend
the port of entry of the collection district of
New Orleans; and it was thereupon signed by
the Vice President.
gifts to government officers.
Mr. PATTERSON. The Committee ou Re-
trenchment have had under consideration the
bill (H. R. No. 804) to protect officials in Gov-
ernment employ, and have instructed me to
report it back with a recommendation that it
pass. If there be no objection I should be
glad to have this bill acted upon at this time.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that no offieer or clerk in the United
States Government employ shall at any time
solicit contributions of other officials or em-
ployes in the Government service for a gift or
present to those in a superior official position ;
nor shall any such officials or clerical superiors
receive any gift or present offered or presented
to them as the contribution of those in Gov-
ernment employ receiving a less salary than
themselves; nor shall any officer or clerk make
any donation as a gift or present to any official
superior. Any officer or clerk violating any
of the provisions of the bill is to be summarily
discharged from the Government employ.
The bill was reported to tho Senate without
amendment,
Mr. NYE. I should like to inquire of iny
honorable friend from New Hampshire what
retrenchment this measure is to accomplish.
Mr. PATTERSON. It is to retrench the
income of superior officers of the Government
who are in the habit of receiving very rich
presents from subordinates. I think it passed
the other House quite unanimously and with
a good deal of enthusiasm; and therefore the
Committee on Retrenchment thought they
could do no better than to report it back.
~ Mr. TRUMBULL. Give us a chance to
vote; I think everybody is for it.
Mr. NYE. I do not know whether every-
body is for it or not. I suppose that those who
voted for it in the other House had not re-
ceived any of these presents. [Laughter.] I
do not know whether it is right to pass a law
that a person who desires to give to another
person a small gift shall not be allowed to do
it. I am in no danger of receiving any, but
I should not like to dam up the avenue of
gushing sympathy from persons holding sub-
altern offices. But, sir, if the Senator from
New Hampshire wants the bill passed,' and the
Senate thinks it ought to pass, I shall not
interpose.
The bill was ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
reports OF committees.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think I have on three
sevoral occasions asked the Senate to dispose
of a joint resolution submitted by the Senator
from California, [Mr. Cole.] I ask that that
joint resolution be taken up this morning and
disposed of. I think it can be in a few min-
utes.
Mr, TRUMBULL. That has oceupied the
morning hour for several mornings, and I have
a bill that I think is somewhat pertinent to the
one the Senator from New Hampshire has just
had disposed of, and that is in relation to recom-
mendations to office. I should like very much
to call up that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
unanimous consent in either case at (he pres-
ent time. The Senator from Maine asks unan-
imous consent to take up the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 82) in relation to the seizure of dis-
tilled spirits in California. Is there objection.
Mr. HOWE. Will not the Senator allow
me to introduce a bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair ob-
serves that several Senators rise to present
morning business. That is an objection to the
request of the Senator from Maine. Reports
of committees are now in order.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offiees and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 327) for the relief of William
H. Murphy, of Farmington, Missouri, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 98) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue an American
register to the bark Live Oak, reported it with
an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution instructing the com-
mittee to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing an American consulate at Port Said,
in Egypt, reported adversely thereon, and the
further consideration of the subject was indefi-
nitely postponed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
the subject was referred, reported a bill (S.
No._ 448) to change the boundaries of the col-
lection district of Brazos de Santiago, in the
State of Texas; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Elizabeth Carson, praying compensation for
subsistence furnished to prisoners confined, in
the Bourbon county jail. Kentucky, submitted
a report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 449)
for the relief of Elizabeth Carson. The bill
