808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
urncnff' prescribed by the act of Congress approved
on tho 2d of March, 1831, for importing merchandise
into Pittsburg, Wheeling, and otter places.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
have any objection to this bill. There may be
a propriety in having a port of delivery at
Omaha; it is a very considerable point, and I
think that perhaps there is. But while thia
subject is up, I wish to call attention to the fact
that there are scattered through the West, and
in ray own State among others, several of these
ports of delivery with officers which, in my judg-
ment, are wholly unnecessary to the public
service, a mere expense without anything else.
We have several such in the State of Illinois
whi<5h, I think, ought to be abolished. Several
of them were established originally because it
was said that they were necessary, when some
of the railroads were building, to facilitate the
landing of railroad iron at these points where
we have these ports of delivery. It was said
to be desirable to land railroad iron there and
get the benefit of the credit allowed in paying
the duties on it. They were established under
that view, and they have been kept up. I cer-
tainly think they ought to be abolished and
the Treasury saved the expense of them.
Now, I will not say that there may not be a
necessity for one at Omaha. That is a very
considerable point. My object in rising is to
call attention to this matter and to ask why
the necessity for one at Omaha. I think that
probably there maybe anecessity for one there.
I know it is the terminus of the great Pacific
railroad on the east, and hence it is possible
that there may be occasion for a port of deliv-
ery at Omaha.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, my atten-
tion was called to this matter early in the ses-
sion, and I intended when the first bill of this
kind was on its passage to move an amend-
ment, authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to discontinue ports of delivery where the
necessity for them had ceased by change of
circumstances. It is a matter that may safely
be left to the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury; and if I am allowed time I will
draw a brief amendment to that effect, adding
another section to this bill, that the Secretary
of the Treasury is authorized to discontinue
ports of delivery in cases where the necessity
for them has ceased.
Mr. KELLOGG. Is there not such a law
on the statute-book already?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think not.
Mr. KELLOGG. I think so, porraitting a
discontinuance at' any time.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is, as the
Senator from Illinois says, that these ports of
delivery are continued in many places where
there is no occasion for them except to fur-
nish an officer at five or six hundred dollars a
year salary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that is so, and
my impression is that there is such a law now
as the Senator from Louisiana indicates ; but
the difficulty with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is this : some person is in office, and the
member from the locality, and perhaps the
members from the State generally, urge the con-
tinuance of that man in office, and the Secre-
tary does not think proper to act. I think it
would be better to call for the information
from the Secretary of the Treasury to know
which of these ports of delivery could be abol-
ished without detriment to the public service,
and then do it by act of Congress. It is a very
delicatc duty for the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to perform, and it is difficult for him to
act in view of the pressure that is brought to
bear upon him in favor of the incumbent in
office. We all know how ungracious it is in
our localities to ask the Secretary to discon-
tinue an office and turn a man out. Very few
members of course do that. The result is that
these offices are continued when there is no
sort of necessity for them. I am quite sure
there are several ia my State that ought to be
I kij ??}!!% k> tsy h leter-!
once to the State in which I live, and I think
if you go into other States you will find it so
there.
Mr. THAYER. I will state that this bill is
here upon the recommendation of the Secretary
of the Treasury and with the sanction of the
Committee on Commerce. The Senator from
Illinois has himself alluded to one very im-
portant reason which requires the passage of
this bill—Omaha being the starting-point of
the Union Pacific railroad. The Committee
on Commerce have had it under consideration,
and unanimously recommend its passage.
Mr. KELLOGG. This mattter was consid-
ered before the Committee on Commerce, and it
was thought under the circumstances better to
concede a port of delivery at Omaha; but the
committee concluded not to rely merely on its
own judgment, and therefore called uppn the
Secretary of the Treasury for information, and
he took the same view. While it is conceded
that a great many ports of delivery can be
dispensed with, it should be remembered that
the salary paid the surveyor is very small, being
only $850 per annum.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ars there no incidental
expenses?
Mr. KELLOGG. In cases of seizure and
condemnation the proceeds of the sales of the
condemned goods are divided under the law
of 1799, the same as at other ports.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there no expense for
clerks and office rent?
Mr. KELLOGG. None whatever. I think
on examination the Senator from Illinois will
find that there is a law on the statute-book
such as I referred to, authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to dispense in his discretion
with any of the ports of delivery. However,
the objection that is generally made at the
Treasury Department, as I am informed, espe-
cially by members of tho other House, to any
such abolition of these ports of delivery, makes
it necessary, or proper at least, that a resolu-
tion of inquiry—and I had already prepared
one and intended to ask for its consideration
to-day and its reference to the Committee on
Commerce—be introduced directing that com-
mittee to inquire into the expediency of dis-
continuing many of these ports. There are
two or three on the Illinois river and five or
six on the upper Mississippi that can be dis-
pensed with as well as not.
As to the necessity of a port of delivery at
Omaha I may say that a great deal of that
merchandise which is now shipped in original
packages from New Orleans to St. Louis and
intermediate ports above New Orleans on the
Mississippi could well go to Omaha ; and that
being the eastern terminus of the Pacific rail-
road it was thought, in justice to the commer-
cial community of that locality, that they
should have the benefits accruing from a port
of delivery, so that their merchandise may
not be stopped on the way. Omaha is a large
town, growing rapidly, and a very important
commercial point. This case therefore was
regarded by the committee as an exception to
f hp rum
Mr. CONKLING. I do not mean to inter-
pose against this bill. I do mean, however,
to confess my inability, after the statements
made, to understand why it is that at Omaha
rather than at many another place on the
river there should be a port of delivery. The
Senator from Illinois has reminded us that it
is the eastern terminus of the Pacific railroad.
Yes, sir; the Pacific railroad crosses the Mis-
souri river at that point. I speak of the future
when I say it crosses; it is to cross upon a
bridge in process of construction, the success
of which nobody doubts, so that a transit of
the river by rail will be made at that point. I
can scarcely see how that fact distinguishes
the case of Omaha from the case of other con-
siderable points upon the river.
I appreciate the convenience which has been
consulted in the case of many other towns, and
b hiolt frill h In Hi? am i>f s
and it is that convenience which has been ex-
plained by the Senator from Louisiana; but it
has very little to do with the fact that a railroad
at that point crosses the river. Doubtless if .a
man who lives at Omaha is importing goods he
finds a convenience in having his goods come
to his threshold and paying his duties there.
And ia that respect the only question is how-
far you are to go and where you are to stop.
You cannot make every place upon the river
a port of entry, and I repeat that as between
Omaha and any other place of the same size it
is difficult for me to distinguish in the case of
Omaha.
I repeat, however, to the Senator who moved
the bill that I did not rise for the purpose of
interposing against it. I do not mean to do
that. I rose rather for the purpose of confirm-
ing the Senator from Ohio in a remark which
he made, and in which remark other Senators
thought he was mistaken. I remember no stat-
ute authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
discontinue at his discretion ports of delivery
or ports of entry, every port of entry being a
port of delivery by law.. On the contrary, I
thought I was not mistaken in supposing that
we had recently legislated on the supposition
that no such authority was to be found in the
law. I find an act of the 11th of July, 1862,
containing this section:
"That the several laws constituting Hannibal, in
the State of Missouri, Hickman and Oolambus, in
the State of Kentucky, Chattanooga and Knoxville,
in the State of Tennessee, and Tuseumbia, in the
State of Alabama, and Shroveport in the State of
Louisiana, ports of delivery, be, and the same are
hereby, repe&lod."
Surely such a provision would not have been
adopted in 1862 had there been at that time a
general provision rendering it entirely unne-
cessary j and since 18621 do not think the rec-
ollection of any Senator will enable him to
recall a statute conferring upon the Secretary
this discretion which has been imputed to him.
Now I wish, Mr. President, in conclusion,
to concur with the suggestion made by the
Senator from Illinois and the Senator from
Ohio, that it is high time that we should win-
now out this system of ports of entry and de-
livery, either by legislation which will ascrihe
to the Secretary of the Treasury a discretion
which he will feel bound to exercise, or by
more direct action require that he shall put an
end to ports of delivery and ports of entry
which I believe are serviceable only in the
salaries and emoluments which attach to them,
arid which are pernicious not only in that but
in other respects which it would not be diffi-
cult to specify.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am quite sure that the
Senator from New York is right with regard to
Sorts of delivery. There is no power in the
ands of the Secretary of the Treasury to dis-
continue a port of delivery. A port of deliv-
ery is created in all cases by law ; itis therefore
not within the power of the Secretary to dis-
continue it, unless there be an express pro-
vision granting that power to him, and I think
no euch provision exists by law.
But one word in relation to the necessity of
a port of delivery upon the Pacific road. Sen-
ators who are conversant with the manner of
doing business at the custom-house will see at
a glance that there is an absolute necessity for
a port of delivery somewhere upon that road ;
because if there be goods imported upon it., to
pay the duties the importer must travel all the
way to California or all the way to New York,
for I think that is the nearest port of entry.
Duties can be paid only at the port of entry
where the goods are imported, except at ports
of delivery where rules and regulations are
prescribed by the Department as to the mode
and manner in which goods may be transported
in bond in original packages and the duties
paid there. Now, for paying the duties on
goods that will be transported over that road,
if there are any, and there must necessarily be
soma aver such a road, there must be a port
f.f (jnliv«p| or} tiiftt Jioe, pr p«rtfsi;
