8X4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
ing to change from banks circulating only paper
money to banks issuing paper payable in gold.
I have no sort of doubt, if these banks should
beallowedunderthepresentbill, that we should
soon have them all along the Atlantic coast,
especially if it was believed that the country
was soon or ever to resume specie payments,
because they would get the right to bank in
advance of others and be ready to avail them-
selves of banking privileges. In reference to
banking on the Pacific coast, there is no diffi-
culty there even with a mixed currency. I
found when there last season that the banks
were very willing to receive bills at the usual
rale of discount, the same as specie. They
would take United States notes or national
bank notes for seventy-five cents on the dollar
and count them the same as specie; and I have
no doubt that here on the Atlantic coast bills
would be received in the same way and there
would be no sort of difficulty in managing such
banks. We have authorized gold contracts;
we demand gold for duties on imposts ; we
want to approach specie payments; then why
not give some facilities for commencing such
work?
Now, Mr. President, there being as it seems
to me a fair proposition before the Senate, one
which will answer all the exigencies of the
country, I hope Senators will be content to
forego any amendments and allow a fair and
square vote upon the proposition of the Finance
Committee, which is in entire accord with the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Afr. MORTON. Mr.President,weareassured
by the Senator from Vermont and by the Sen-
ator from Ohio that $45,000,000 of national
banking currency will he all that the South and
West will require for awhile, for a year or two.
The Senator from Ohio yesterday said that
$45,000,000 would answer for a year or two,
and that Congress would again be iu session
next winter, and then there could be a further
supply granted to the West and South. Sir,
what is the object of a confessedly half-way
measure, and holding out the prospect that at
the next session of Congress we can get relief?
Sir, it is now more than four years since this
great inequality in the currency has existed
between the East and West; and up to this
time, with all the efforts that have been made,
no relief has been granted; and I undertake
to say that if we do not get the relief and all
we want in this bill we shall not get ano ther
bill. Why do gentlemen want to give us a
little relief and tell us that when this is used
up, next winter Congress will bo in aession
and they will give us more ? After the lapse
of four years, with this monstrous inequality,
this monstrous injustice existing all the time,
there has been no relief. And now we are
asked to take $45,000,000, which will answer
for a few months, and to expect that next win-
ter a little more will be doled out to us. _ Sir,
you had better grant too much than too little.
We are now asking by amendments to this
bill to make the amount $65,000,000, and if
only $45,000,000 shall be taken there will be
no harm done by granting us $65,000,000 to
be taken in case that much shall be needed.
If all that is granted is not taken what harm
is done by granting it?
The Senator from Ohio said yesterday, in
talking about those provisions of the bill that
authorize the establishment of coin banks, that
if there were no banks established under those
sections no harm would be done. I retort the
argument upon him: if this bill provides for
giving $65,000,000 to the West and South and
it is not all taken there is no harm done ; but
if it only gives us $45,000,000 and it turns out
that we want $65,000,000, then there is harm
done. Why stint us; why dole out to us
$45,000,000 only? I stated the other day that
thesix NewEngland States and NewYork, New
Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, and Mary-
land had $342,000,000 out of 8300,000,000;
that having a little over one fourth of the pop-
ulation those States had $242,000,000 out of
$300,000,000 of national bank currency; and
the other States, having nearly three fourths
of the population, had less than $58,000,000.
Now, sir, when you put $65,000,000 on to that
$58,000,000 how much have we? A little over
a hundred millions ; about one hundred and
twenty million dollars to near three fourths of
the entire population, and very nearly two hun-
dred million dollars still preserved to the States
having a little more than one fourth of the
entire population. Why is this policy to be
pursued? It must be called a parsimonious
policy toward the West and South; and I would
ask the Senator from Vermont why it is that he
so grudgingly allows the West and South to have
the poor privilege of even $05,000,000, telling
us that we ought to put up with $45,000,000,
and that that is as much as we need ? How
does he know it is as much as we need 1 If we
do not need the $65,000,000 we will not take
it, and no harm is done ; but if we do need it
we ought to have it, and Senators coming from
the eastern States ought to be liberal on that
subject, and I exhort them to be. It is to the
interest of their States that they should be
liberal.
Now, I want to say in regard to New Eng-
land that I have no feeling on this subject; I
do not blame the New England folks for taking
this amount of currency when the Government
here would give it to them. It w&s not for
them to instruct the Government in the law.
When the Comptroller of the Currency and
the Secretary of the Treasury were willing to
give them nearly all of this currency it was not
for the New England capitalists to stand back
and say, "We think you give a wrong con-
struction to the law." I do not blarae them ;
but nevertheless the inequality exists, and the
injustice and the hardship exfst, and we are
now proposing to remedy it in a way that
will do the least possible harm to New Eng-
land. My amendments only propose to take
$13,000,000 from the eastern States in excess,
and those $13,000,000 are not to be taken until
after the $52,000,000 provided for in the first
section shall have been exhausted. Why, sir,
if we do not exhaust the $52,000,000, and do
not need any more, then not one dollar is
taken from the eastern States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator,
I think, must have failed to listen to the point
which I made, that the whole $45,000,000 will
be taken mainly from those States.
Mr. MORTON. I intended to come to that
point, and 1 think that my friend will find that
the fact does not sustain him. He says these
$45,000,000 of three per cent, certificates are
held by the banks iu the eastern States as a
reserve, and therefore, when you take up
these certificates and issue national bank cur-
rency instead thereof, it is a hardship upon
the eastern banks because it is taking from
them what they now have. Why, sir, it is a
privilege to the eastern banks to hold their
reserve in three per cent, certificates. It is
not the right of any bank to have interest upon
its reserve; but it has been so managed that
the eastern banks have been permitted to hold
their reserve chiefly in certificates, and have
thereby got interest upon their reserve, while
the western banks and the southern banks have
been compelled to hold their reserve in green-
backs, upon which they get no interest.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like to see the
honorable Senator in error. I have reports
here showing the precise distribution of these
three per cent, certificates, and they are dis-
tributed all over the country pretty fairly.
There is more in New York than there is iij
all New England.
Mr. MORTON. I can show the Senator
about that. I am taking the Senator's state-
ment that it is all held in the East.
Mr. SUMNER. I remarked yesterday that
they were held chiefly by those who were in
the quickest relations with Washington, and
therefore eould get them the easiest.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, the
Senator, will see by the table that they are
pretty fairly distributed among the larger
banks, $18,000,000 alone being held in the
city of New York, only $4,000,000 in Boston,
and a great deal more of these certificates
are held in Philadelphia than Boston.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is aware that
they did go to the eountry banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes ; there is nearly a
million held in my own State. "
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Ver-
mont is not right in saying they are all held
in the East, and the Senator from Ohio is
clearly incorrect in saying that they are equally
distributed or pretty fairly distributed, be-
cause it is not so. These certificates are
nearly all held in the eastern Stat es, and to
that extent their banks have an advantage
over the country banks, because the latter
are required to hold their reserve in green-
backs, upon which they get no interest. I can
refer to the tables to show for that so far as
the general reserve of the banks outside of the
redemption cities and outside of New York is
concerned, the total amount of their reserve
held in three per cent, certificates in the
month of October last was $3,795,000. That
is an answer to the Senator's statement.
Mr. SHERMAN. Where ?
Mr. MORTON. The whole amount of the
reserve held by the banks outside of the nine
redemption cities and outside of the city of
New York in these certificates was a little over
three million dollars; and all the rest is held
in the large cities. My reference to this is
simply to answer the Senator from "Vermont,
who complains that our taking the $45,000,000
of three per cent, certificates from the eastern
States is a hardship to them. I say to him it
is no hardship to take that from those banks,
because they have no right morally or in any
other way to hold their reserves in such a form
as to get interest upon them while all the banks
in the West and South have to hold their re-
serves in greenbacks and get no interest.
Now, a word in regard to the question
whether $45,000,000 are sufficient. If the bill
is limited to $45,000,000 I am perfectly satis-
fied, from the information I have upon the
subject, that the State of Ohio, the State of
Indiana, the State of Illinois, the State of
Missouri, the State of Wisconsin, the State of
Iowa, and the State of Minnesota will not get
a dollar of circulation. We need a large addi-
tion to the banking capital in my own State ;
so they do in Illinois, and so they do in Ohio'.
Why, sir, look at the monstrous inequality
among the cities. I have here a little state-
ment showing how this matter stands with
regard to some of the principal cities. For
example, here is the city of Cincinnati, with a
population of three hundred and fifty thousand
and an immense commerce and immense man-
ufactures, and she has got $3,033,000 of
national banking circulation. Here is the city
of Chicago, with a population of three hundred
thousand, thegreatestgrain market in the world,
with a commerce ouly second to that of the city
of New York; and what has Chicago got?
Chicago, with a population of three hundred
thousand, has $5,400,000. Then here is the
city of Indianapolis, with a population of fifty-
five thousand, that, has got $1,020,000. Detroit,
with^a population of eighty thousand, lias
$1,575,000. Milwaukee, with a population
of one hundred and five thousand, has got
$765,000. St. Louis, with a population of
two hundred and thirty thousand, has got
$6,129,000. Milwaukee is next to Chicago as
a wheat market, as I am advised, and she has
only ยฃ765,000 of national bank circulation.
Now, we come to New York with a popula-
tion perhaps in round numbers of nine hundred
thousand. It has about $66,000,000. Boston,
with a population of two hundred and fifty
thousand, has $41,000,000, Providence, with
a population of thirty-five thousand, has nearly
$16,000,000. Hartford, with a population of
twenty-five thousand, has ยง7)062,000, Tha
