816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
currency of this country we are not doing them
or doing ourselves any favor.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Indiana yield a moment for a remark in refer-
ence to the observations he has just made upon
the condition of the earrency'in California, as
■well a3 the observations of the Senator from
Wisconsin who spoke this morning on the same
subject?
Mr. MORTON. I will give way for a few
moments.
Mr. CASSERLY'. It seems to be thought
by some Senators that in California there is a
constant resistance on the part of the people
against the greenback currency, and that almost
sword in hand they stand at the point where the
two currencies meet on the line of the Pacific
railroad for the purpose of preventing an influx
of greenbacks upon the Pacific coast. There
can scarcely be a greater mistake. The people
of California have no objection to the presence
of any amount of greenbacks in their State or
upon that coast. They never have objected to
them. They have always taken them for what
they were worth there. They have taken thera
on the best terms, at three fourths of one per
cent, to one and one half per cent, more than
they were worth on this side of the continent,
including either of the States represented by
the two Senators [Mr. Howe and Mr. Morton]
who have spoken here to-day.
Without meaning to interrupt at any length
the course of remark of the Senator from
Indiana, I have to say that the position of
California on this subject is a plain one. There
were two kinds of lawful money in the coun-
try shortly after the breaking out of the war.
One kind was gold ; the other kind was paper,
and paper that was inconvertible. California
by provisions in her State constitution had
forbidden a paper currency within her borders;
consequently her basis for all business trans-
actions was gold and silver. These formed
her standard of values. To that system she
adhered. When the rest of the country changed
she did not. Yet it would not be true to say
that she was hostile to the greenbacks. She
was always willing to receive them according
to the settled standard ; that is, at their value
in gold and silver. What is the objection to
this course ? She has had a statute of her own,
which was merely declaratory of the law, that
a man might contract in either kind of lawful
money—coin or paper. There was besides,
undoubtedly, a strong public opinion in Cal-
ifornia, which oaghtto have prevailed in every
State, that when a man made a contract to
pay in gold he ought not to be suffered to dis-
charge it in inconvertible paper ata heavy dis-
count. The public opinion of California has
been stro.ig enough to treat such an attempt
as dishonorable and the man who made it as
dishonored. Who can gainsay that view? That
is all there is about it.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to make a
few remarks on this point, with the Senator's
permission.
Mr. MORTON. I am not through.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to say a few words
only on this very point. The Senator from
Indiana has, I think, assailed the people of the
Pacific coast, and I desire to make an explana-
tion. The State of Oregon also has a provis-
ion in its constitution preventing the issue of
bills by any banking institution. It confines
itself to gold and silver coin.
Mr. MORTON. I would rather not be inter-
rupted now for a speech.
Mr. CORliE LT. I simply wish to explain.
Mr. MORION. I will yield for a brief
explanation.
Mr. CORBETT. I shall be very brief.
For that reason, and it being a gold and silver
country, where the precious metals were pro-
duced," it was very difficult to establish any
paper currency upon that coast, and when the
law wbicb established national banks went
into operation there was no bank of circula-
tion that issued any bills in my State or any-
where on the Pacific coast. It was very dif-
ficult after the premium on gold had advanced
to establish banks under the national banking
law. I believe there is only one institution oil
that coast now, which is established in Port-
land, Oregon, that issues national bank notes.
I wish to say at this point that I do not con-
sider the action of the people of the Pacific
coast as at all unfriendly to the Government
of the United States. If they had introduced
the national bank notes at that time it would
have superseded and driven from the coast our
entire amount of coin, which would have gone
to Europe, and yon would not have had the
advantage at the close of the war of that gold
to come East to aid you here in order that you
might eventually return to. specie payments.
We now desire to help you to do that by estab-
lishing our banks to issue paper based upon
gold and United States stocks.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I do not
intend to make an assault upon the people of
the Pacific States, and I am not casting any
censure upon them. I do not understand that
the body of the people there are at all respons-
ible for the fact that the currency of the Gov-
ernment has been successfully kept out of those
States. I have been informed, and I believe
the information is correct, that that has been
brought about by a few banking institutions,
and chiefly by the Bank of California, for their
own interest; and that now those banks are
sternly and strenuously resisting the introduc-
tion of the currency from this aide of the con-
tinent into the Pacific States. I believe that
information to be true. It is to their interest
to do it, but it is not to the interest of the
people, and it has been a serious misfortune to
the people of those Slates.
Mr.- CASSERLY. The Senator from In-
diana will allow me to say that I think he is
quite mistaken in supposing that the opposition
to the introduction of greenbacks, if there is
any there—which I do not admit, because we
are willing to take as many of them as you
want to give us—has been promoted by certain
banking institutions, one of which he named.
I should say from my knowledge of California,
and from a knowledge based on a very strong
interest in and close attention to this particu-
lar question ihere, that the most strenuous and
obstinate opposition to the introduction of paper
currency to the exclusion of our gold currency
came from the body of the people themselves,
and most particularly and emphatically from
the working people of that coast. The Sen-
ator, I am sure, is laboring under a mistake
when he proposes to hold responsible for the
state of things there a banking institution which
whatever may be its influence in financial cir-
cles, as we all know from the prejudice every-
where existing against a great bank, is likely to
have very little effect in influencing popular
feeling. It was a movement of the people, not
of the banks or bankers; and I believe I shall
not be wrong in stating that in some of those
banks, the bank of California for one, and I
think in others, greenback accounts are kept
regularly as well as gold accounts for those who
desire so to keep their accounts.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President——
Mr. STEWART. I should like to say a few
words 
Mr. MORTON. I have no objection to
yielding to my friend, but these constant
interruptions interfere with the thread of my
speech.
Mr. STEWART. I do not want to take up
much of the Senator's time, but this is a mat-
ter in regard to which the people of the Pacific
coast are somewhat sensitive, and I feel bound
to say a few words upon it, with the Senator's
permission.
At the commencement, on patriotic grounds
and because of what I thought was good finan-
cial policy, I was very anxious for the adop-
tion of the national currency by the people on
the Pacific coast. The question was before the
people in various forms, and the body of the
people expressed themselves at various times
always against the use of paper morjey and
always in favor of retaining a coin circulation.
In order to aid in the carrying out that object
the Legislature of California passed a specific-
contract bill, and a similar bill was also passed
in Nevada. Our supreme court at one time
declared the bill to be unconstitutional, but
another supreme court held that such an act
might be constitutional, and the next Legis-
lature that came together decided in favor of
the law. The people, expressing themselves
through the Legislature, in order to enable the
business community to carry on their opera-
tions upon a coin basis, have passed these
specifie-contract laws, and they have been sus-
tained by the popular judgment. I have talked
with bankers in California, with the officers of
the Bank of California and of other banks, aud
they have expressed to me no hostility to the
national currency; the/ have simply expressed
to me the impracticability of their carrying on
operations with it. They feared it would be
sent out of the country on account of the ease
of taking it away, and they could not carry on
operations upon that basis with the feeling of
the people there such as it was. They con-
cluded that it was impracticable to do it, as
the people preferred a coin currency. There
are a few who think this position was a mis-
take ; but every time when there has been a
test the voice of the people has been other-
wise, and I do not know that any particular
institution is more responsible than another
for this state of feeling. I think it is the gen-
eral sentiment of the people on the Pacific
coast as expressed in various forms.
Mr. MORTON. I have given the informa-
tion I have on the subject and I have expressed
the understanding of it that I have had for
several years. The Seuators who have spoken
on the subject have of course better opportuni-
ties than I have for knowing the facts. The
Senator from California says that they have
always been willing to receive our currency
there. Certainly they Could not prevent peo-
ple from carrying it there ; but they have not
been willing to receive it when they have re-
fused to receive it in common circulation and
when they receive it only at a discount. The
people of California have treated our currency
precisely as the people of Canada treat it. There
is no difference between them. When I go to
Canada on a visit I must exchange my money
and buy American silver, as they call it, to use
over there, or buy gold. If I go to California
I do the same thing. So far as that is con-
cerned I am in a foreign country there.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to inquire
if the importers of New York are not disloyal
in the same respect. Do they not purchase
gold with the greenbacks and regard them as
at a discount? Th3y certainly do. Your own
people when they import goods have to sell
greenbacks at a discount and purchase gold
just as the people in California or anywhere
else do.
Mr. MORTON. I am not calling the people
of Oregon or California disloyal; far from it.
As I said before, I do not think that they are
really responsible for this; but I am speaking
about the effect which this course on their part
has had. I say that so far as the national
credit in the form of currency is concerned the
Pacific States stand to us precisely as a foreign
country. I can dispose of my greenbacks in
London at a higher price with the same facility
that I can in San Francisco.
Mr. CASSERLY. Just now, when the Sen-
ator from Oregon rose, 1 made a remark in ray
seat which perhaps escaped the attention of the
Senator from Indiana; but it is an important
element in the argument. Our values are gold
values. If you pay gold we give you anything
you want upon that basis ; if you give us some-
thing that is worth less than gold you surely do
not expect to get it at the other value. That
is the point.
