1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
is. You can never remedy this evil so long as
you have two currencies of different values.
As long as you have a greenback dollar less in
value than the gold dollar so long this diffi-
culty will remain, and all the banks in the
universe cannot make it different. You may
have a bank in every township and every neigh-
borhood of the West and you will not relieve
the difficulty. "Why ? As long as there is a
difference between the value of the greenback
dollar and the gold dollar so long there is an
opportunity for speculation in stocks and in
gold, and there is a temptation to these specu-
lators to "corner" the money market and to
lift the value of gold so that they may make
money on stocks and on gold.
Now. what happens? Let me illustrate the
•whole thing by a single example. Here is a
bank in one of our New England towns that
has a capital of $150,000. Its bonds are here
in Washington drawing six per cent, in gold.
The circulation based upon those bonds, with
the exception of the reserve, is put into bonds
and they are drawing interest at six per cent,
in gold; and then the deposits are either in-
vested in bonds or they are loaned out in the
city of New York or Boston for speculations
in stocks and in gold at twelve per cent. If a
farmer in my neighborhood or yours has sold
his wool and has by him $500 which he does
not wish to use for the moment he puts it into
the national bank on deposit. The national
bank sends it to Boston or to New York, to be
used how? To be used by the stock gamblers
on Broad street or Wall street; and when his
neighbor wants $500 to move his crop or to
take his cattle to market he cannot get a dollar
out of the bank.
The only men to-day who are reaping any
advantage from your banks in New England,
although we have got the lion's share of them,
are the stockholders in the banks. They are
large corporations of men who are making
money upon their capital and not accommo-
dating the people. The farmers and manufac-
turers of New England are not accommodated
by the banks as they now stand. What we
want is a radical change in the whole system,
so that our banks shall not feed the stock-
jobbers on Wall street and Broad street. We
want a system of free banks, and then New
England and the West and the South alike will
not feel the stringency of the money market.
I vote for this bill only as an opening wedge.
I want something better and broader and more
radical, and yet I will vote for this bill simply
to ease for a little the West and the South.
Gentlemen seem to think that necessarily an
increase of money lessens the money market.
That is a mistake. Oftentimes a new issue of
money only tightens the money market. How?
The first effect is to give a little ease. Let me
illustrate more fully. Four hundred million
dollars of paper money I suppose will enable
us to fulfill all the exchanges of this country.
Suppose you double it to $800,000,000, the
tendency is to double the prices of all things to
be bought by money; and if a bushel of wheat
cost two dollars when you had $400,000,000,
when you get $800,000,000 of paper money that
will not go abroad it will cost four dollars, so
that your money passes into the prices of things
that are to be bought and sold. If it is gold,
then it seeks an equilibrium by going abroad,
but not so with paper money.
Now, suppose you issue one third more or
double your paper money, what is the result?
First, you loosen the money market, and then
you quicken speculation. The moment the
prices of articles begin to go up you quicken
speculation, and all this money is demanded,
and even more than this is demanded, by the
increase of speculation in gold and in stocks ;
so that in a very little time after you have
made your new issue of money the money
market becomes tighter than it was before, and
it has all resulted from your new issue. It
must be so, because money only performs the
work of settling the balances. I can easily
illustrate that. I buy $1,000 worth of mer-
chandise of my friend from Indiana and I give
him a note. He buys of me $1,010 worth of
goods and gives me a note. I want my pay
and he wants his. He sends to rae his agent
with my note. I pay him the $1,000 and send
back my note for the $1,010. He sends me
$1,010. Now, how much money has been
used? Two thousand and ten dollars. But sup-
pose instead of doing that we simply swapped
off our notes; I took my $1,000 out of his
note of $1,010, and only ten dollars passed be-
tween us. In one case it takes $2,010 to per-
form the operation; in the other case onlv ten
dollars.
It depends entirely on the way in which busi-
ness is done and the rapidity with which ex-
changes are performed as to how much money
is needed in any community; so you cannot
estimate at any particular moment the amount
of money required to do business in any coun-
try. That is determined by the way in which
business is done. Of course if there is a large
credit business you need less currency, less
gold and silver and greenbacks and baak money
than you do if there is a small amount of busi-
ness done in checks and bills of exchange; so
that you cannot lighten the money market
necessarily by throwing out this $45,000,000
of new bank stock.
Why, sir, we talk about our circulation being
about seven hundred million dollars. It is ten
times seven hundred million dollars to-day,
and that does not come up to the figure, because
as I said before, business men in New York
have told me that ninety per cent, of all the
business in this country is done on checks and
bills of exchange, and they are a part of the
circulation of this country as much as your
greenbacks and your bank bills. Let me tell
gentlemen they will never get out of this evil
until they adopt the system proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts and come to specie
payments. There is no other remedy, there is
uo other way out of the evil.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon that motion, if it
is insisted upon, I shall call for the yeas and
na}'s.
Mr. DRAKE. We cannot get a vote on the
bill to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that I shall
ask for the yeas and nays on the motion.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no; I would not call
for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cragin
in the chair.) It is moved that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business; and on that motion the Senator from
Ohio calls for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, B ay ard, Browniow, Cam-
eron, Oasserly, Davis, I)rake, Harris, Howell, Nor-
ton, Scott, Stockton, Sumner, and fhurman—14.
N AY 8—Messrs. Boreman, Carpenter, Cole.Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler. Hamlin,
Howard, Howe, Ifcllogg, McDonald, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye. Osborn,
Patterson, Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz,
Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Thayer. Tipton, Trum-
bull. Warner, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Buckingham, Cattell,
Chandler, Conkhng, Gilbert, Hamilton, Harlan,
Lewis, McCreery, Pomeroy, Pool. Kamsey, Eoss,
Saulsbury, Sprague, Viekers, and Yates—18.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say one word
in reply to some remarks which fell from the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire. He
thinks that New England has been pommeled
in this debate and in every other important
measure of legislation that is brought up. I
desire, on my own part, to disclaim any pur-
pose to throw any blame on New England for
having this large circulation; but, on the other
hand, I desire to put in my protest against its
beingso constantly claimed here that the reason
New England has this large national bank cir-
culation is on account of her patriotism, for it
will be borne in mind that in July, 1865, after
the war was all over, after the last confederate
soldier had laid down his arms, the three States
of New England which are most largely in
excess, Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Rhode
Island, had but $40,000,000 of the $181,000,000
of national bank circulation then outstanding.
Subsequently to that, within one year's time,
they had increased the amount of national
bank circulation which they had to $82,684,473
out of a total of $207,000,000. In view of the
claim that this circulation was given to those
States because they wore so much more patri-
otic than other States 1 put in the suggestion
that the surplus fund, as reported in July, 1805,
as belonging to the national banks, after pay-
ing all dividends, and they wore large, was
nearly or quite ten per cent, of their entire capi-
tal stock. Now, when the patriotism of those
States at that time went so evenly with the size
of the surplus fund as compared with the capi-
tal stock, I question if it is not rather a matter
of doubt whether it was pure patriotism which
induced the addition of that $42,000,000 to
their bank circulation.
The Seuator from New Hampshire has given
us an argument, and a very strong argument,
why New England should get rid of some of
her circulation. He tells us that the money
in the national banks of New England does not
go, as we very well knew it did not go, to help
the farmer and manufacturer in those States,
but it goes into Wall street and Broad street in
New Yorkand into State street in Boston, and
is there used by stock-jobbers and gold-gam-
blers to raise the price of gold and to raise the
price of stocks. It is because they get hold of
this circulation, when it is so near the great
commercial and financial centers, that we want
to distribute it over the country and bring it into
the neighborhood of those men who do want
it to enable them to produce and to remove
the great staples which lie at the foundation of
the commerce of this country. We wish to
relieve the people of New England of some
portion of that which, as the honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire has shown us, is
such a curse to those people and the country.
We wish to take from New England, where
they are so near the centers of gold-gambling
and stock-jobbing, the means by which that
gold-gambling and stock-jobbing are carried
on, and carry it all over the country, where it
will be brought into the neighborhood of the
men who can use and will legitimatelyuse that
money, instead of leaving in the hands of those
who now control it for those wicked and unholy
purposes. That is one of the reasons why we
think it will not only not bo endangering New
England, but be a benefit to the New England
States and those other States which have this
large amount of circulation to take it from
them. I am glad to find so able an advocate
for taking this excess of circulation from those
banks in one of the Senators from New Hamp-
shire, who says that his neighbor, the fanner
who raises wool, cannot get money to move that
wool to market, while the gold-gambler tan
get it to throw disorder and confusion over die
finances of this country.
But, sir, there is another item in the speech
of the Senator from New Hampshire to which
I wish to allude. He says that adding to the
volume of the currency, adding to the circula-
tion will not make money plenty. I am quite
aware that his reasoning on that point is true
if it were applicable ; but we do not propose
to increase the volume of the currency at all.
We only propose to take it and put it where
it will be used for legitimate purposes, and take
it away from those places where it is used for
illegitimate purposes.
Now, what is the illustration of the use of
money issued from points where wo wish it
should not be issued and issued from points
where we wish to have it issued? Suppose a
