820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
planter in South Carolina desires to get money
to raise a crop or to move a crop; what does
he do ? There is no national bank in his neigh-
borhood. The people there cannot get a char-
ter for such an institution. The $300,000,000
of national banking capital is all taken up.
What does he do ? He goes to his factor in
Charleston and asks him for money for this
purpose. The factor says, "I have no money;
we have no banking capital here ; we used to
have $14,000,000 in this city, but now we have
less than half a million ; there is no opportu-
nity to get money here, but I know a gentleman
in New York who is in correspondence with
capitalists there; I will write to him and see
what can be done." The planter tells him to
write to his friend in New York. He writes to
his friend in New York. The New York man
is perhaps a director of a national bank, or if
not he knows some director of a national bank.
He borrows the money of a national bank in
New York or New England. The national
bank in New York or New England receives a
certain rate of interest for it. The New Yorl;
man sends the money or gives a credit to the
Charleston factor. But in that process the
New York man does not do his work for nothing.
There is a commission to be paid him, and that
commission is added to the interest which the
bank receives for the money.
Again, when the Charleston factor lends the
money to the planter the Charleston factor does
not do his part of the business for nothing; he
charges another commission, and that is to be
added again to the tribute which we pay to
the bank which issued that money. "When it
gets into the hands of the planter he is pay-
ing the interest, in the first place, "which the
bank gets, the commission which the New
York man gets, and the commission which
the Charleston factor gets, and these commis-
sions arc generally larger than the amount of
interest, so that the common bank rate of in-
terest in the cities of the South is never, or
very rarely, less than one per cent, a month,
and very frequently one ana one half per cent,
a month.
This is the tribute which we pay to the New
England banking corporations who have this
large excess of national banking circulation.
It does not go directly into the pockets of the
men who own the stock of these banks, but it
goes to them and to middle men. Bring banks
to our doors and the planter whose credit is
well known in the neighborhood can go to the
bank and be a favored creditor, and borrow
money at the same rates at which the New
York merchant who borrows money at a bank
there pays for it. Now, not only is the inter-
est which our people are paying for the use of
this capital going out of this State, but these
commissions are going out to other people;
and in this way so long as this large excess of
banking circulation exists in certain quarters
of the United States, and there are no banking
facilities in other quarters, just so long will
all the rest of the United States pay tribute to
those parts of the country where this banking
circulation is centered.
I have no disposition in any way or form to
say a word of reproach to New England. I
have every disposition, every desire to say
everything that is praiseworthy of her. But I
do not like to be taunted here with the fact
that the State which I represent and the States
which other Senators on this floor represent
were in rebellion at the time this banking cap-
ital was given out when the facts are other-
wise. The facts are that up to the time of the
close of the rebellion there had not been much
over one third of the banking circulation dis-
tributed. The law required .that one half of
it, $150,000,000, should be distributed accord-
ing to population. The first $150,000,000,
which was to be distributed according to pop-
illation, should have been reserved and not
distributed at all, and then the South would
have had not only much more than she has,
but probably very nearly what she needs.
But it must not be forgotten that there is a
much larger demand for money in a sparsely-
settled and agricultural population than there
is in the same population in a closely-settled
commercial and manufacturing district. As
has been remarked by the Senator from New
Hampshire, the greater portion of the transac-
tions which are carried on in States like the
New England States, for instance, are carried
on by checks. The amount of money required,
as was justly observed by him, is only so much
as will pay differences, will clear accounts.
But if you want to carry on any commercial
transaction in an agricultural section you have
got to do it by sending the actual money. You
do not send a check on a bank to pay for the
cotton that you buy of a planter; you send him
the money. That makes a much larger amount
of currency necessary, in proportion, in those
sections than in closely-settled districts where
banks are plenty.
Let it not be forgotten that these very States
which I named when I was speaking before,
Virginia, the two Carolinas, Georgia, and
Alabama, had under the rdd system of bank
circulation, the State bank system, twenty-two
per cent, of the whole circulation of the coun-
try. Now they have two per cent, of the whole
circulation of the country, one eleventh as
much as they then had; while the three States
of Rhode Island, Connecticut, and Massa-
chusetts had then sixteen and two thirds per
cent., and now have thirty per cent. In other
words, those States have now nearly twice as
much as they then had, while the former States
named have but one eleventh of what they then
had. Consequently, compared with their former
position, they are now as one to where they
were twenty-two then ; and this in face of the
fact that those States, from the condition of
things, demand a larger circulation now than
they did then.
I do not wish to take one dollar of the cir-
culation from the New England States unless
it be necessary; but I protest against anybody
saying that it is unjust that it should be taken
from them. It has been asserted constantly
on the floor of the Senate that it is a great
injustice to require them to disgorge any part
of this circulation which it has been demon-
strated was obtained through certainly an
erroneous, if not a corrupt administration of
the law. But it does seem to me if it is so
profitable a privilege to carry on the business
of banking under the national bank act in New
England one of the most patriotic things—to
go back to the consideration of patriotic mo-
tives—which the representatives from that
section of the country can do is to give up a
portion of this privilege to that section of the
country where there is an absolute destitution,
to give up some small part of what is a won-
drous plethora of circulation to a section of the
country where there is none at all compara-
tively.
Mr. DAVIS. Will my honorable friend per-
mit me to make a suggestion to him ?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that the matter
complained of is the great injustice on the
part of New England in holding on to enor-
mously large amounts of the circulation notes.
New England grasps these notes with a very
strong hand. The honorable Senator from
South Carolina expressed some sympathy for
the pommeling which, he says, New England
has received at all hands.
Mr. SAWYER. I did not use that expres-
sion. It was used by the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. DAVIS. But you referred to it as used
by him. I ask my honorable friend if all this
pommeling has induced a single Senator from
New England to relax his strong grip on this
money, and had not the pommeling better con-
tinue until their hold of it is knocked into the
middle of next week ?
Mr. SAWYER. I never had the slightest
disposition to do anything disagreeable to any-
body for the sake of doing disagreeable things.
I have no desire to take circulation from New
England because it is disagreeable to her ; but
I desire that some portion of that circulation
should be taken, becausc I think it is neces-
sary, and because I think she can afford to
spare it gradually, slowly, not abruptly at all.
I desire to avoid doing anything which will
bringany commercial distress on New England,
because I know that commercial distress in
New England will reaeh South Carolina and
Kentucky, and I wish to avoid that. Were we
to consider alone the wants of New England I
would not hesitate a moment to redistribute
the currency; but it is my belief that if you
disturb the commercial relations and the indus-
trial relations of New England you disturb the
whole country, and we should feel it in the
South, and the West would feel it. Therefore,
I would not do anything which tended to dis-
turb the industrial and commercial relations
there.
Nor would I vote for the amendmeut of the
Senator from Indiana proposing to withdraw
$13,000,000 from those States unless I supposed
it could be done in such a way as not to produce
a disturbance. But when thfey added to their
bank circulation in one year—from July, 1865,
to July, 18G6—$40,000,000 of circulation, and
at the end of it had about three times as much
as they had before the war, it does seem to me
that this insignificant sum of $13,000,000 can
be withdrawn from the States which have an
excess—it will not be confined to New England,
but from the States that have an excess—with-
out any financial, commercial, or industrial
disturbance there. In that view I shall vote
for the abstraction of $13,000,000 from the
banks in those States having the excess after the
$45,000,000 shall have been disposed of. But
I desire, once for all, to disclaim in any debate
on this floor having any desire to diminish in
any way the legitimate, healthy, wholesome
influence of New England upon this country
and upon the world.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, I ad-
mire the ingenuity of the Senator from South
Carolina more than I praise his fairness in
reply to my argument. His reply reminds
me of a little incident that occurred in the
early part of our history. In the very first Con-
gress that was held under the Constitution a
Representative from South Carolina came
into Congress and advocated and carried
through the policy of protection. It was
opposed by all the representatives of New
England; but New England was out-voted
and the policy of protection was established.
Later in our history when New England
came to secure large profits from the system
of protection, South Carolina, with the other
southern States, attempted to overthrow the sys-
tem which she had forced upon New England ;
and she attempted to overthrow it because
New England, by her enterprise and energy and
industry, was reaping profit out of the very
system which South Carolina had forced upon
her.
Now, sir, South Carolina is attempting to do
the same thing to-day which she did in the
early part of our history. After New England
was forced to accept this bank stock, because
she is making profit out of it South Carolina
and some ot the other southern and western
States now come in and say it is fair that this
capital should be wrested from her—-capital
which they forced upon her—simply because
she is making a profit out of it.
The Senator says that there was no patriot-
ism m this because this bank stock was taken
largely after the war closed. Why, sir, the
financial war did not close with the conflict of
arms, and the heaviest part of our financial
conflict came after the termination of battle
on tne field of contest. New England, even
after the stimulus of the war was over, came
forward and did her part toward defraying the
espouses of the Government incurred during
the war.
