1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
Mr. SAWYER. "Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. PATTERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to ask the Senator
if he does not remember the fact that the profits
of the national banks as exhibited in July,
1865, showed, beside the dividends that had
been made, a surplus fund of $o2,000,000 on
a capital of $300,000,000?
Mr. PATTERSON. X have not denied that.
I have no doubt that banking in New England
is exceedingly profitable to the stockholders in
those banks ; and I say they are reaping the
-advantage to the injury of the people of New
England as well as of the rest of the country.
Now I come to another point. The Senator
says that I deprecated the existence of the
banks of New England. 1 did no such thing.
I simply said that the people, the farmers, the
manufacturers, and the mechanics, were not
reaping the advantage wh'ch Senators depict
in such glowing terms out of these banks; but
it is the bankers, those who own the capita!
stock in .the banks. I did not say I would tear
up these banks by the roots. I say that those
who own this stock have certain vested rights,
and you should not, although the business is
-exceedingly profitable, tear them up by the
roots violently. That is my point. I did not
say that we had more of banking capital than
we wanted and that wo should be glad to get
rid of it. So the gentleman was entirely unfair
in that part of his argument.
One other point, sir. The gentleman goes
on to state with what difficulty, with what ex-
pense to themselves, southern cotton-growers
secure money to carry on their operations ;
paying one and a half per cent, a month, I
think he said. That is because they have not
got money. That is the reason why money
costs them so much. Sir, suppose we had this
redistribution of banks, where are the bonds
and the greenbacks coming from upon which
your banks are to be established? You will
go to New York and New England and get
your bonds and your greenbacks to establish
your banks, and it will cost you as much to
buy the money to establish your banks as it
does now to buy your money to carry on your
cotton plantations. They will find it a pretty
expensive business; and I very much doubt, if
they get the $45,000,000, whether they will
establish the banks for three years to come.
If they are established it will be the same cap-
italists of New England and New York who
will go South and establish those banks and
make a profit out of them.
My position is that you have got to change
the whole policy; you have got to change the
genius of these banks, or else when established
in the West and South they will operate pre-
cisely as they do in New England. The farmer,
the mechanic, and the manufacturer will not
reap that advantage which they hope to reap
from them; they will not be able to secure
accommodation at the banks ; but these banks
will be great profitable institutions to the
stockholders and to nobody else. That must
necessarily be so as long as there is a differ-
ence in value between gold and greenbacks,
and you will never get over the evil until you
come to specie payments. One currency of
one value is the only policy which will rid the
country of this evil.
Mr. SAWYER. I am far from supposing
that the establishment of national banks in the
South will put any money there except as a
result of other operations. I do not suppose
it is going to make anybody rich to establish a
bank. But the Senator from New Hampshire
will remember that organized banks are used
for the purpose of bringing the man who has
got money in contact with the man who has
not and wants to borrow it. ,
That there is plenty of money m the Souai
which would be put into national banks is a
matter beyond question. Yv^wishtohavetjie
'trivi'iege of establishing banking associations
in ordci that we may have an agency to con-
nect the capitalist with the borrower. I have
no doubt—I hope it will be so—that there will
be northern capital which will go to the South
if this bill or something like it shall pass. All
I can say about it is that the more that comes
the better. We certainly then shall bring the
borrower in direct contact with the lender, and
we shall not have to pay as much for money as
we do now, because we shall not have to em-
ploy two or three men as middlemen between
the capitalist and the borrower.
_ I know very well that the Senator's illustra-
tion of the course of South Carolina's states-
men in reference to the protective tariff is a
good one. In reply to that I say men almost
invariably in the history of this country and
of all others have endeavored, when they have
been honest, straightforward men, to support
the interests of the section in which they lived
if it wa3 consistent with the iutcrests of the
whole. I do not think there, is any inconsist-
ency in our supporting a policy diametrically
opposed to the policy which the Senator from
New Hampshire may be disposed to support.
Nevertheless I can hardly understand how it
is when the evils of the national banks in his
section are so great that he wishes to cling to
them. It is only the old story of Ephraim
clinging to his idols.
Mr. CHANDLER obtained the floor.
Mr. RAMSEY. I presume the Senator
from Michigan does not intend to proceed this
evening; and 1 appeal to the Senator from
Ohio whether he had not better let the bill go
over until to-morrow.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suppose the Senator
from Minnesota is anxious to hear a speech
on this .subject. [Laughter. J
Mr. RAMSEY. I appeal to the Senator
from Ohio to allow us cither to have an exec-
utive session or to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not propose !o con-
sent, so long as there are enough Senators to
call the yeas and nays, to allow an adjourn-
ment exeppt by a majority of the Senate.
Whenever a majority get tired out and wearied
of this debate and anxious to adjourn, then, of
course, I cannot help it.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan give way to the Senator
from Pennsylvania ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I do, if he proposes to
move an adjournment.
Mr. CAMERON. I propose to move an
adjournment. I desire to say before submit-
ting that motion that my motive for wishing
to adjourn is this: 1 am just beginning to un-
derstand the arguments that have already been
made- 
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to withdraw the motion to adjourn for
one moment that I may say a word.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; but I shall
renew it immediately.
Mr. DRAKE. I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, without doubt, can get a vote
on this bill to-morrow afternoon if he will con-
sent to let it go over nntil then. I will state
that there is business which makes it desirable
that the Senate should hold an executive ses-
sion for probably not more than ten minutes
this afternoon. I think the honorable Senator
from Ohio can get a vote on this bill to-morrow
afternoon without any difficulty or objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senate are in-
clined by general consent, as they did the
other day, to agree to take the vote on this bill
at any hour to-morrow that may be named I
have no objection.
Mr. CAMERON. I had the floor and gave
way for a moment to the Senator from Mis-
souri.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to ask if there is
any objection to that arrangement I
The VICE PRESIDENT. What hour does
the Senator from Ohio suggest for the taking
of the vote?
Mr. SHERMAN. Three o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not want this sub-
ject hurried through the Senate.
TheVICEPRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania objects to making any arrange-
ment.
_ Mr. CAMERON. It is an important sub-
ject, one of the most important that we shall
have before us. It is important in its effects
upon the country. Let us hear from every
Senator who is disposed to speak on the sub-
ject. I am not going to speak upon it, but
propose to listen, and then vote. I now move
that the Senate adjourn.
TheVICEPRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri suggested an executive session. Does
the Senator yield to that suggestion ?
Mr. CAMERON. I do not. I move to
adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator to withdraw that motion for one moment
that I may say a word.
Mr. CAMERON. If it isonly ftr amoment
I will do so.
Mr. CONKLING-. Only for a moment. I
wish to say that if the Senate will indulge me
in doing so as soon as the pending bill is dis-
posed of I mean to ask the attention of the
Senate to the bill known as the census bill.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. MORRILL, of Ver-
mont. That is right.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will withdraw
his motion for a moment further, the notice
now given is an additional reason why this bill,
which has been debated for one week, during
which time my honorable friend has had ample
opportunity to express his views—and I should
have been glad to hear him—should be dis-
posed of; and it seems to me we ought to
rcach a vote to-night.
Mr. CAMERON. I have s^jd that I do not
intend to speak on this subject as there are so
many gentlemen who understand it bettor than
T do. 1 now renew the motion that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that I call for the
yeas and miys.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan is entitled to the floor, but
yields to the Senator from Pennsylvania, who
moves that the Senate adjourn, and on that
motion the Senator from Ohio demands the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 23 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cameron. Casserly, Chandler, Cole,
Davis, Edmunds, Bowler, Gilbert, Harlan. Harris,
Howard, Howoll, Kellogg, Norton, Osborn.Pomeroy,
Pool.Pratt, Ramsey, Rico, Robertson, Scott, Spen-
cor, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, and yickora—31,
BAYS—Messrs. Corbctt, Cragm, Drake, JTcnton,
Perry, Ilamlin, Howe, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nye, Patterson, Bosu, Sawyer, Sehurz, Sherman,
Stewart, Thayer, Tipton, Xrumbull, Warner, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—23. ,
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott. Buckingham, Carpen-
ter, Cattell, Conkling, Hamilton, Lewis, McCreery,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Saulsbury, bpraguc,
and Yates—13.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 27, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
admission oi? virginia.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porteb, his Private
Secretary, announced that the President had
approved and signed a bill of the following
title:
A bill (H. R. No. 783} to admit the State of
Virginia to representation in the Congress of
the United States.
ELECTION CONTEST—SIJIl'SON VS. WALLACE.
Mr. BO WEN obtained leave to have printed,
as part of the debates, some remarks he had
