824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Mr. PAINE. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to have the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent] tell
us what he thinks of a person who expresses
such opinions as it is charged Mr. Porter has
expressed.
Mr. PAINE. I -will yield for a moment
to the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Whittemore,] who wishes to make an inquiry.
Mr. WHITTEMORE." I would like to ask
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,]
if he believes the statements he has just read,
if he does not consider 
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] yielding io
any one unless he yields to the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] to answer the ques-
tion of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Eld^idce.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ingbrsoll] has no right to object.
The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
being entitled to an hour has a right to yield
to any one.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I desire the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] to state
whether, if he believes the statements read by
him to be correct, it is not better to treat that
class of people with conciliation and kindness?
[Laughter. ]
Mr. WOOD. Yes, Mr. Speaker; but not
to give them front seats.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Not to put them along-
side the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Whittemore.]
Mr. PAINE. I resume the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope my colleague
[Mr. Paine] will allow the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] to answer my ques-
tion as to what he thinks of such sentiments
as this Mr. Porter is said to have expressed.
Mr. PAINE. I will yield for half a minute.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 do not think ho will
need so much time as that.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not know that I
desire the floor for the purpose of answering
the question of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Eldridge.] But I will hazard this opin-
ion : if all persons are to be excluded from this
floor who can be proved to have used such
language as that read by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] the seats here upon
my left I am afraid would be pretty generally
vacant. [Laughter from the Republican side of
the House.]
Mr. WOODWARD. So far as I know and
believe, the assertions of the gentleman from
California [Mr. Saroent] are slanderous.
Mr. PAINE. I now insist upon my call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; which was upon
agreeing to the report of the Committee of
Elections that Charles H. Porter be now sworn
in and admitted to a seat in the House os a
Representative from the State of Virginia.
The question was taken ; and the report of
the committee was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed without amendment House
bill No. 804, to protect officials in Government
employ.
The message further announced that the
Senate had discharged the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims from the further consider-
ation of the petition of William McGarrahan,
and had directed its Secretary to return the
petition and papers to the House of Repre-
sentatives.
postal telegraph lines,
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of the following-named gentlemen to constitute
the select Committee on Postal Telegraph
Lines:
C. C. Washbhrn, of Wisconsin ; William
Lawrence, of Ohio; Henry L. Dawes, of
Massachusetts; Noaii Davis, of New York;
Frank W. Palmer, of Iowa; George W.
Woodward, of Pennsylvania; and James B.
Beck, of Kentucky.
charles ii. porter virginia.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by wliieh
the House agreed to the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections in favor of the right of
Charles H. Porter to a seat in this House as
a Representative from the State of Virginia.
Mr. PAINE. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not yield for that
purpose.
Tho question was upon the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. HOLMAN. _ Mr. Speaker, I have sub-
mitted this motion in good faith, desiring that
the House shall reconsider the action which it
has taken on this question ; but I have sought
the floor for another purpose—for the purpose
of referring in a very few words to the remark
just made by the gentleman from California
[Mr. Saugent] with reference to the senti-
ments entertained by members on this side of
the House. I do not think that that remark
indicated the gentleman's real sentiments; and
I am afraid that the newspapers of the country
may present this matter in a form which the
gentleman from California himself would not
approve. The remark was certainly uttered
in a spirit of pleasantry and for the purpose
of breaking the forco of the interrogatory pro-
pounded to him rather than because he in
truth believes that any gentleman on this side
of the House entertains or has entertained
sentiments of hostility to the Government. I
think the gentleman from California would be
very glad to say to the country that he does
not sincerely entertain the opinion that the
seats on this side of the House would be vacant
if disloyalty to the Government and tho ex-
pression of disloyal sentiments would have the
effect of vacating them.
For one I am not willing that the remark
of the gentleman from California, uttered as
it was in the spirit of pleasantry, should go to
the country without affording to him the oppor-
tunity of stating tho spirit in which the lan-
guage was uttered, and of declaring that ho
does not, in truth, believe that the seats of
seventy members on this side of the House
are occupied by men who are disloyal to their
country and who have spoken of it in a spirit
unbecoming citizens of the United States. I
hope that the gentleman from California will
seek the opportunity now, before his remark
shall have gone into a more tangible form, to
disclaim any intention of imputing disloyalty
of sentiment to the large body of men who
represent constituencies on this side of the
House. For, sir, during all these years of ter-
rible war there did not live a body of men
more loyal to their Government, more devoted
to the flag of their country, venerating and
loving it more intensely than the men who
now occupy seats on this side of the House.
Their constituents at home may have been
conservative in their sentiments, desiring to
maintain the Government in its integrity ac-
cording to its time-honored principles—not a
Union maintained by arms, but that Union of
love and affection which our fathers created
and which they sanctified by their blood.
Mr. Speaker, I come now to consider for a
moment the real question whether the gentle-
man now claiming a seat from Virginia—that
venerable Commonwealth now so dishonored—
shall be sworn in as a member on this floor
to represent the interests of one of the dis-
tricts of that State. The question whether
this gentleman, with the record presented by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,]
shall be admitted to a seat as a member is
certainly as grave a question as has been pre-
sented for our consideration. I submit that,
so far as regards this question, the finding of
that court-martial would seem to be final and
conclusive. It was a court inclined to be for-
bearing with reference to this class of offenses;
and yet with this predisposition in his favor it
found him guilty, the conviction was approved
by the commanding officer of the department,
and the sentence was, I presume, carried into
effect. '
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a moment?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir. -
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I desire to submit
just two remarks on this question. In the first
place, I do not believe that this House in any
case has a right to inquire what a man elected
to a seat on this floor may have said at any
previous time as affecting his qualifications for
admission. The Constitution of the United
States prescribes the qualifications requisite
for members of Congress. That provision,
and that only, should be looked at iti determ-
ining such a question.
I nold, furthermore, Mr. Speaker, that the
finding of a military court is not to be taken as
proof of the guilt of any citizen of the United
States not in the military service.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, however
sound the views expressed by the gentleman
from Oregon [Mr. Smith] may be, it is very cer-
tain that this House has not acted on such sen-
timents. The doctrine may be sound enough,
but the truth is that the House has not acted
on such sentiments, for members cannot for-
get tho cases from Kentucky which occured so
short a time since; the cases of Judge Young
and John Young Brown, where the language
uttered showed no such deliberate hostility to
the Government as the language proved to
have been used by this man Porter; where the
proof was so shadowy and impositive, and yet
where this House did not hesitate, by a strict
party vote, to expel them from this floor.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say,
as the cases from Kentucky have been adverted
to, that the Democratic party then contended,
and a large majority of them now believe, that
a gross outrage was committed upon the con-
stituents of those gentlemen in excluding them
from this floor; but while that was done I
assert the Democratic party on this floor ought
not to admit that precedent was right by mak-
ing objection to a gentleman whose constitu-
ents have elected him. He being, as I under-
stand, twenty-five years of age, having been
seven years a citizen of the United States and
an inhabitant of the State from which he was
chosen, and not being obnoxious to the third
section of the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution, which only excludes those who
heretofore held office and took an oath and
then gave aid and comfort to the enemy—he
having all the constitutional requirements, no
matter what was the outrage committed upon
other men, has the right to a seat here and to
represent the constituents who sent him here.
We have no right to judge; and in order to see
who they are that take the view I have ex-
pressed I shall call for the yeas and nays, so
that the record may be made.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I say again
that I am not to be drawn into a discussion of
the soundness of the views presented by the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] and
the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr. Smith.] It
is a mere question of precedent.
And yet this House excluded Judge Young,
of Kentucky, and John Young Brown, of Ken-
tucky, for words littered before the beginning
of the war, before the crash of arms had stirred
up whatever of patriotic blood there was in
this land, words far less obnoxious than those
proved to have been uttered by the gentleman
whose claim is now being urged for a seat on
this floor. Thoso words of Judge Young and
Mr. Brown were brought up here six or seven
