1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
years afterward for the purpose of excluding
Conservatives from seats in this House; and yet
these words of defiance, these words of enmity
uttered against the Government of the United
States and her chief executive officer, proven by
a solemn record of a court-martial, are deemed
as nothing when urged against this gentleman
who is willing, if admitted here, to stand by
that majority which now controls the affairs of
the country so far as the House of Represent-
atives is concerned. I now yield to my col-
league, [Mr. Vooehees.]
Mr. VOOEHEES. Mr. Speaker, this is a
question of such grave importance that I desire
to say a word upon it. So far as regards the
movement inaugurated by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] and upheld with so
much ability by my colleague, [Mr. Holmak,]
it will answer an excellent purpose in involving
the other side of the House in contradiction.
The case involves to them a change of front.
It does not iuvolve the necessity of such a
change in me. There are no reasons, so far as
I am concerned, against this man being sworn
in; and I shall vote for his admission. I hold
that this House has no power to make this
inquiry as to this gentleman. His constituents
have sent him here, and back of that we can-
not go. Whatever may be my opinion of him,
or my opinion of the course which the majority
of this House has pursued in other cases, that
opinion cannot control my conduct as to the
admission of this claimant.
As has been well said by the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] and the gentleman from
Oregon, [Mr. Smith.] if a bad precedent is set
we ought not to follow it. I know of many
precedents set by this House, especially on
the subject of elections, which I would not
desire to be followed hereafter. Those pre-
cedents cannot be cited as law to me, nor do I
understand my distinguished colleague [Mr.
Hohian] to be asking this side of the House
to follow those precedents which he has cited.
I understand him rather to be seeking, with
that acuteness and ability which distinguish
him, to involve the opposite side ofthis Cham-
ber in a contradiction of its own record. But
I must say, with all respect, Mr. Speaker, that
I have become so much accustomed to that
spectacle in this House that it will present no
novelty to me, and so far as I am concerned,
whether these charges investigated at this
court-martial trial be true or not, I shall vote
for the admission of Mr. Porter.
A court-martial proves nothing, as was said
by the gentleman from Oregon. I, perhaps,
would not say, though if I did I would say it
good-humorediy, that the fact that a gentle-
man was tried by court-martial, convicted, con-
demned, and a ball and chain put on his leg
by order of the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butlek,] when in the
Army, would not take my sympathy from such
a man or abate my respect for him or prove
anything to his disadvantage. Under these
circumstances I desire simply to say this: that
upon the law and the facts, as 1 understand
the rules observed in organizing this House,
we have no power to exclude this gentleman.
Mr. HOLMAN. My colleague says that he
agrees with the remark of the gentleman from
Oregon [Mr. Smith] that the finding of a court-
martial proves nothing. I do not agree with
my colleague in that view. There are no doubt
multitudes of cases where courts-martial have
made monstrous decisions, and there are cases
where the court-martial was organized for the
purpose of convicting, and everybody knew it,
but courts-martial were uniformly lenient to
this class of cases when occurring in the dis-
loyal States, and therefore I say that this con-
viction and sentence, sanctioned and approved
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] then a military commander, is a fact
of unusual significance. In any view of the
case here is a solemn record of conviction of
the grevious offense, giving aid to the public
enemy by the utterance of disloyal words—
words ot hatred to the Government and its
Chief Executive.
Sir, the fact cannot be evaded that this
House has excluded from membership here
men elected by conservative constituencies who
at the very outset of the war, in the year 1861,
had uttered indiscreet words in condemnation
of the policy which was then opening upon the
country. In this case a record is brought in
of a deliberate conviction of a citizen by court-
martial approved by a military commander
for the utterance of disloyal and treasonable
words, proved, established, and not controvert-
ed, for even the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paise] does not dare to rise in his seat and
say that this record is not a true record, and yet
this citizen so convicted is to be admitted to a
seat upon this floor to legislate for loyal men.
If it is admitted that new views have been
adopted and that a moro liberal and en-
lightened policy is to be pursued hereafter in
this House, a policy which shall secure in
future to the American people Representatives
in Congress chosen by themselves and for which
they alone are responsible, then I look upon
it as a significant fact, but I do not indulge
much in any such hope. This case will at least
make a precedent.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman from
Indiana yield to me.
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly. I yield to the
gentleman from California.
Mr. SAIiGENT. The gentleman from
Indianahasimplied in his remarks thatlought
to make some retractions. So far as I l'cel it my
duty to do so, I will do it. So far as it may
be necessary to explain myself more clearly,
I shall do it in justice to myself. I asked the
question of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood,] in good faith, whether persons
having used false and scandalous language in
regard to any officer of the United States, or
the Government itself, and having it proved
upon them, should afterward, in his judgment,
be admitted or excluded for that reason from
the floor of the House ?
Mr. WOODWARD. Oh, no; that was not
the question.
Mr. RANDALL. Oh, no.
Mr. SARGENT. Whether a person having
used such language as he quoted should there-
for, in his judgment, be excluded from this
House?
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir: go to the record.
Mr. SARGENT. Well, I appeal to the
record. I know that was what I had in my
mind and I think it is what I said. Now, sir,
I had in my mind this, in which I may be in
error ; I do not desire to do the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] any injustice, but my
recollection assures me that in the last Con-
gress he was censured by this House for saying
in this presence that a bill then under consid-
eration was '' this most infamous bill of this
most infamous Congress." Now, if it is the
judgment of the gentleman, speaking here
upoti his responsibility as a Representative,
that any one who uses false and scandalous
language toward a department of the Govern-
ment should be excluded from a seat here, then
I might appeal to his own conscience whether
he himself should be seated here among us.
Mr. RANDALL. Your remark was general.
Mr. SARGENT. Thegentlcman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldkidgb] then made a remark
to me, to which I responded, and it was that
that gave occasion to the particular exception
of thegentlemanfrom Indiana, [Mr. Holmax, ]
Nov?, sir, so far as gentlemen aro here pres-
ent on the Democratic side of the House, I
cannot say that any one ot'them overused such
language as that indicated. What they may
have said to their intimates, if I knew it, as
I do not, T would not repeat here. But my
remark meant this, and this only, that the
party to which they are attached from the
earliest outbreak of the rebellion threw them-
selves in the scale against the country. In
the Thirty-Seventh Congress they insisted here,
in my hearing, that' there was no right to
coerce a sovereign State, and they assailed- Mr.
Lincoln because he called troops here to defend
the capital, and assailed' our soldiers as " Lin-
coln's hirelings."
Mr. COX. That is not correct. X mado
among the first, if not the first speech against
secession that was made in this House. The
Democratic party in this House were divided,
as we all know, and the Democrats of the
North stood almost as one man-by the side of
Judge Douglas in that controversy with the
South. I speak of the Democrats iu the North.
We never gave any countenance to the doctrine
of secession ; and I will say to the gentleman
that when a member of his own party in the
Congress referred to, the then member from
Kansas, Mr. Conway, introduced a deliberate
proposition here, in the form of resolutions, to
dismember this country, his party never under-
took to expel, or made a motion to turn him
out; but when a Democrat from Cincinnati,
Mr. Long, made a speech here looking in that
direction, a majority here voted to expel him.
I voted at that time, as I shall vote now, with
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,]
for the constitutional and sacred right of rep-
resentation. We should not exclude any man
on account of past expressions; If that were
done, then halt the seats on the Republican
side of the House would be emptied by reason
of the disunion sentiments of their occupants
before the war began.
Mr. SARGENT. I am willing to give any
gentleman the benefit of any exception he may
claim. I will make no personal issue with any
gentleman, either the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] or my friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] But I say it is not true that the
Democratic party was not in sympathy with
secession, and did not aid the rebellion by
their acts. Sir, a Democratic President, James
Buchanan, a northern man, sent a message to
Congress that the Government of the United
States had no power to coerce a State. Ami
in that opinion he was supported by his Attorney
General, another Democrat and northern man,
Mr. Black.
I appeal to the recollection of the gentlemen
on my right. Did we not on a thousand stum ps
meet the Democratic party of the North, who
assailed the Government and denounced the
war as an "abolition war?" Did not the
Democratic party as a unit vote-against the
conscription bills when oar Army was failing
for want of soldiers ? Did they not resolve at
Chicago, in 1864, when the rebellion was nearly
destroyed, that the war was a failure?
Mr. MAYHAM. I would ask the gentleman
from California a question.
Mr. SARGENT. Very well.
Mr. MAYHAM. Did not a Republican edi-
tor, publishing a paper in the city of New York,
advocate the right of the southern States to
secede from the Union?
Mr. SARGENT. I do not know but that
may be true ; I do not care whether some one
man did say so or not.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand the gentleman
from California [Mr. Saegent] desires to recall
the general remark which he made discourteous
to this side of the House. So far as I am con-
cerned I am willing to accept his disclaimer
of any intention to impute disloyalty to any
member of this House. But I will say to him
that the first wholly, deliberately disloyal sen-
timent upon the floor of this House at the time
the rebellion began to cast its shadow over this
country, one that from its very nature and
deliberation was calculated to give encourage-
ment to the enemies of the Union, was the
proposition to which my friend from New Yoi k
[Mr. Cox] has referred, the proposition and
speech of Conway, of Kansas, to recognize dis-
union as an accomplished fact; and the gen-
tleman from California must not forget that.
