1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, were excluded in the
aggregate over thirty-five members of the Dem-
ocratic party from seats in this House to which
they had been elected by their constituency.
And what is a little remarkable, in no instance
is it upon the record that during the past three
Congresses has the majority in control of the
House ever rejected a member of their own
party in consequence of any seditious language
or any aid or comfort given to the rebellion.
There are gentlemen holding seats on the other
side of the House who were officers in the con-
federate army; while Democrats, merely for the
use of a hasty expression, merely for the dec-
laration of an honest sentimentuponthe abstract
constitutional right of a State to secede from
the 0 nion ,have been excluded from this House.
Well, sir, knowing these facts as I do, hav-
ing been a member of those Congresses, I
thought this was a good opportunity to test the
consiste'ncy of those gentlemen. I thought
this was a fitting occasion to put the poisoned
chalice to their own lips and to present them,
as I do to-day, in the attitude of consenting to
the admission to a seat in this House of one of
their own political brethren who, it has been
alleged, was guilty not only of seditious lan-
guage, but of language utterly unbecoming a
man, a citizen, or a gentleman; in which he
denounced the Government of the United
States, and declared he would rather live under
a confederate chieftain in the South than under
Abraham Lincoln in the North; one who had
been tried, convicted, and sentenced, and whose
sentence had been approved by the major gen-
eral in command of that department, now a
distinguished member of this House from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Botler.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I cannot yield further to
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Indiana
claims the floor. I hold it by his courtesy, and
if he insists on my resuming ray seat I shall
do it. I would only say that having been per-
sonally referred to in this debate by the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Sargent] I did
desire an opportunity to make a lew observa-
tions with reference to the question; but not
having, as I supposed, time to discuss the
whole proposition, I was merely giving my
reasons and my motive in making the objec-
tion. I will only say this in conclusion, that
while I believe in the right of representation
I differ from the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Voorhees,] and, if you please, from the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] when they take the position that you
have a right to admit a man who declares he
is against the Government of the United States.
I will never consent to that doctrine, whether
it be invoked on behalf of a political friend or
a political enemy. I am willing to separate
from my party to-day on that issue; that I will
not sit here with an enemy to my country.
That is ray reply to the gentleman who goes
behind the Constitution to say that any man
may sit here who is elected, and that we have
no right to investigate his loyalty to the Gov-
ernment if he sits here as a component part
of the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio. [Mr. Morgan.]
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, it is my pur-
pose to vote for the admission of the gentle-
man from Virginia, Mr. Porter, whose case
is now before the House, notwithstanding his
conviction for the utterance of sentiments far
more disloyal than those for which John
Young Brown was denied a seat on this floor
by the gentlemen on the Republican side, who
will now to a man vote lor the admission ot
Mr. Porter for the simple reason that he is a
Republican, which fact in their eyes expiates
for all sins. ,
But, sir, I did not rise to discuss the ques-
tions connected with the court-martial which
tried Mr. Porter, but to denounce and expose
the charge which has often been made, and
as falsely made as often, that the Democratic
party had been disloyal to the Union. Such
charges, sir, come with an ill grace from a
party whose journals advocated the ri^ht of
secession in 1860, and declared that under no
circumstances would force be used to prevent
the southern States from going out of the
Union.
On the 13th of November, 18G0, the Ohio
State Journal, the Republican organ for the
State of Ohio, thus spoke;
" Tho General Government is but a representative
of all the States. It is notgonuino Federal, central-
ized power. Now, if any Stato or States wish to
renounce the benefits of this general protection how
can they be compelled to continue tlio recipients of
such advantages? Tho cotton States are not rebel-
ling against tho Federal authorities, nor nullifying
any particular general law. Tlioy simply request to
be released from the Union compact. To coerce
thorn to remain in the Union by the forces of the
United States Government is to entirely change tho
nature of federal authority."
And a few days afterward, when intelligence
reached the North that there was a strong
Union sentiment in South Carolina, the Ohio
State Journal of the date of November 17,
1800, gave expression to its fears that the
Union would not be dissolved in the following
language:
"Wo begin to have serious apprehensions that tho
wrotohed little oligarchy of South Carolina mtonds
to remain in the Union after all her throats of seces-
sion.
" Wc regret this, and we have to propose as a moans
of avoiding futuro amioyanco tho expulsion of South
Carolina from the Union. She nover has been any-
thing but a source of vexation, trouble, and expense.
Lot the thing bo regularly and deliberately done.
Petitions circulated among tho pooplo for tho ex-
pulsion of South Carolina would roccivo innumer-
able signatures ; and on tho meeting of Congress we
might 'batter tho gates oft'' the Capitol 'with
storms of prayer' for that purpose. Tho body which
has power to admit a State into tho Union has tho
power to expel aSt.atc, and wo hope that our members
may be instructed to act promptly in this matter.
"South Carolina doc'i not want io secode. Lot us
expel her."
Here, sir, wc have the testimony of a lead-
ing Republican journal that secession was not
only advocated by northern Republicans, but
that such was their hostility to the Union that
they declared, " as South Carolina does not
propose to secede, let us expel her."
And continuing boldly to advocate the dis-
solution of the Union, under date of March
27, 1861, the Ohio State Journal further de-
clared :
'Politicians and dotards may gabble and weep
tears of imbecility over tho breaking up ot an unnat-
ural compact, but reason, justice, and humanity will
gladly accept, it as one of those cheering evidences
that Providence is working good to the creatures of
earth through the process of events. , .
"A rigid analysis of American patriotism discov-
ers but little gold. The enthusiasm of the masses
for tho Union is more or less fictitious. The Union
has been apotheosized by politicians for their own
selfish, aggrandizement. It has been made their ral-
lying cry until the unthinking had becomo to invest
it with a certain degree of sacrednoss. i ut truth
has reached tho popular heart and intelligence tho
popular mind, and the masses see that the natural
giant strength of physical America and the measuro
of freedom enjoyed by our people under the Consti-
tution, properly directed, have made us what we are
in spite of the Union." * * T '
why should tho free men deplore the loss ot tho
Union?"
"Then, why should we deplore the loss
of the Union?" said the Republican leaders.
Because they hated the Union of the Constitu-
tion then as they hate it now ; and as they
wished its destruction then, so have they en-
deavored to prevent its restoration now. By
way of encouraging the southern States to
secede, on the 31st of January, 1861, the Cin-
cinnati Commercial, justly considered one of
the ablest Republican papers in the country,
thus addressed th;e people of the South :
" Gentlemen of Virginia and Kentucky, there will
be no coercion. Set aside all fears on that point.
We could and wouldreadilysaerificemen and money
by thousands and millions to put down factions to
vindicate the Government against mobs; but we do
not want to conquer a people, and we will not try to
do it. If there are any unconditional Union men m
the South they must fight the battle m their own
way. The North will not inteipose its military power
between tho South and the establishment of any
government that may bo the pleasure ot its people.
Language of similar import was used by the
Indianapolis Journal, the Republican organ for
that State. And in reviewing the speech of
Hon. Alexander Long, on the 11th of March,
1864, the New York Tribune said that the seces-
sionists could have had a peaceful dissolution
of the Union had they really desired it; that—
So we told them at the time: so mostof the lead-
ing Itepublican journals told them—all in absolute
good faith. President Lincoln, Governor Morgan,
and nearly all of us, openly favored a convention of
tho States, which" * * * * "would have
had authority and power to decree a peaceful disso-
lution of tho Union."
And, now sir, I am about to repeat a charge
which L made on this floor but a few nights ago;
it is this: I charge that the leaders of the Repub-
lican party, knowing that a large Majority of
the people of the South loved the Union and
thatsccession could not assume thepropor'tions
of war unless groat military leaders were fur-
nished to organize and command the insur-
rectionary armies, President Lincoln accepted,
not only the resignations of Robert E. Lee,
Joseph Johnston, Albert Sidney Johnston, and
James Longstreet after the war had commenced
and Fort Sumter was surrendered, but he ae-
eopted the resignations of one hundred and
eighty officers, knowing that most of them re-
signed for the express purpose of taking up
arms against the Union. And certain it is, sir,
that had not Mr. Lincoln furnished military
leaders to the rebellion there could not and
would not have been any formidable armed
opposition to the constitutional authority of
the United States.
Then, let not these stale calumnies be again
repeated ; and let the great truth be acknowl-
edged here, as it will be declared by history,
that tho Union was saved by the people and
not by a party; that the country belongs to
the people, and not to a faction which stole
into power while the people were battling
for what they supposed was tha Union of the
Constitution.
Mr. HOLMAN. Iyieldtothegentlemanfroin
Wisconsin [Mr. Elbridqe] for three minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGK I am almost sorry that
I sought the floor as I have only three minutes.
I did not suppose when I put the question to
my friend from California [Mr. Saugekt] I
was going to create such a hubbub here as I
have. lie had put the same question substan-
tially to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood,] and the gentleman from New York,
with his accustomed candor, answered the ques-
tion fairly. I expected a candid answer from
the gentleman from California. I did not sup-
pose that he would undertake by .a slander
upon this side of the House to evade an answer
to the question. The question was a plain one.
It was easily answered if the gentletaan desired
to answer it. He now admits to the House
and to tho country that he did not intend to
make the charge which he did make against
members upon this side of the House.
Mr. Speaker, this is not an extraordinary
occasion to those of us who have been long uppn
this floor. This is not the first time that opin-
ions entertained and expressed by gentlemen
seeking seats upon this floor as members have
been made a reason for excluding them. We
have seen gentlemen excluded from the door
and we have seen gentlemen upon the other
side of the House voting to expel members
upon this side for opinions calmly and respect-
fully expressed upon the floor of this House.
This whole thing, sir, is a party matter, it
makes all the difference in the world what arc
the party predilections and opinions of geutle-
men applying for seats.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] tells us that they have repented, and
he is very fond of making the quotation that
" there is joy in heaven over one sinner woo
repents,'' &c. It may be so; he may be right;
and I could not help thinking that there is no
gentleman upon this floor who could create
such a thrill of joy in heaven by repentance as
he could. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer leil.j
