828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Mr. HOLMAN. In conclusion, sir, of this
irregular and miscellaneous debate I would say
that the very first proposition offered upon this
floor in favor of the union and against seces-
sion after the election of Mr. Lincoln to the
Presidency was submitted by this side of the
House. 1 had the honor, sir, to submit that
proposition ; it was known to express the sen-
timents of nearly every Democratic member
then in this House. The rccord of the past
cannot be changed; history must state the fact
that while the Democratic party was resisting
the measures of policy which were being forced
on the country, and which in their judgment
were destructive of the dearest interests of the
Republic,^yet no party since the formation of
political society ever exhibited more steadfast
patriotism than did that party in the loyal
States in all its relations to the country, whether
in theranks of the Union Army, in the command
of Union forces, or in this Hall and other halls
of legislation. In the war of 1812, the history
records thatthe party thatopposed the civil pol-
icy of the dominant party opposed the war and
opposed it bitterly; and this fact in history
was repeated in our war with Mexico; but his-
tory records the fact that the Democratic party
during the late war, while condemning the civil
policy of the Administration from beginning
to end yet stood unfalteringly by the Union.
Mr. PAINE. I now move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. BECK. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 4, not
voting 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Allison, Amblor, Ames,
Archer, Armstrong, Asper, Axtell, Bailey, Banks,
Beaman, Beck, Benton, Biggs, Bingham, Bird,
Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Bnffinton, Burdctt, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Rod-
ciick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke,
Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb. Cook,
Conger, Oowlcs, Cox, Crobs, Cullom, Davis, Dawes,
Dickinson, Dixon, Dockery, Donlej\ Dox, Duval,
Dyer, Ela, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,
Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Gotz, Gilfillan, Golla-
(iiiy, Uriswold, Haldeman. Hale, llamill, Hamilton,
Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Heaton,Heflin, Hill.IIoge,
.1 enekes, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kellogg, ICclsoy, Kerr, Ketcham, Knapp, Knott,
Laflin, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall, Mc-
Carthy, McCormiek, McCrary. McGrew, McNeely,
Mcrcur, Eliakim 11. Moore, William. Moore. Mor-
gan, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers,
jNcgley, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Paine,
Palmer, Phelps, PIfitt, Poland, Pomoroy, Potter,
Prosser, Reading, Reeves. Kiee, Rogers, Roots,
Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schumaker, Scofield, Li-
onel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Slocum,
John A. Smith. Joseph S. Smith. William J. Smith,
William Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Strader, Strickland, Strong,
Swann, Taffe, Tanner, 'Xillman, Trimble, T'wichell,
Tyner, Upson. Van Auken, Van Horn, Van Trump,
Voorhees, Ward. CadwaladorO. Washburn, William
B. Wnrthburn, Walker, Wells, Whittemore, Wilkin-
son, Willard, Williams, Eugene M.Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Winans, Winchester. Witcher, Wood, and
Woodward—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Barnum, Benjamin, Boles, and
llidgway—4.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arnell, Beatty, Bennott,
Blair, James Brooks, Bare-hard, Calkin, Co burn,
Doweese, Dickcy, Fox, Garfield, Greene, Haight,
ITambleton, Hays, Iloag, Hoar, Holman, Hooper,
Hotehkiss, ingorsoll, Alexander II. Jones, Kelley,
Lash, Lynch, Mayham, Maynard, Milnes, Jesse II.
Moore,Morrissey, Mungen, Packer, Peters, Randall,
Sclicnck, Shanks, "Worthington C. Smith, Stough-
ton, Sweeney, Toiynsend, and Wheeler—42.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. Charles H. Porter then appeared and
qualified by taking the oath prescribed by the
act of 1862.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamltu,
one of its clerks, announced to the House that
the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 297) to
constitute Omaha, in the State of Nebraska, a
port of delivery; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
ABOUT ION OK FltANKfNG I'itlVILKfi K.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee on tiie Post
Office and Post Roads a bill (H. R. No.
to abolish the franking privilege ; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask that
this bill be made the special order for some
day next week.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the bill will be put
upon its passage now.
Several Members. That is right; put it on
its passage. '
The bill was read at length. The first section
provides that all laws and parts of laws giving
the right to any officer or Department of the
Government or other parson to cither send or
receive through the United States mails free
of charge any letter, document, or other mail-
able matter, are hereby repealed. The second
section provides that this act shall take effect
from and after the 1st day of July, 1870.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the House will at
once pass this bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That better be done.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am sorry I cannot
accommodate those gentlemen who are so very
anxious to vote for this bill. But as it is not
proposed to have this bill lake effect until the
1st day of July next there is no special neces-
sity for passing it now.
Mr. CULLOM. I understand that there is
no objection to passing this bill now.
Mr. RANDALL. Let it be done now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There is no objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnswohtii] who reported the bill
himself objects to it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As the bill is now
before the House I will call the previous ques-
tion, which will test the sense of the House
upon it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman yield for an amendment?
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] yield for an
amendment to strike out the second section, so
that the bill shall take effect from and after its
passage ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield for
amendments.
The question was then taken upon seconding
the previous question ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 115, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, which
was upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to make asuggestion
to my colleague.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well.
Mr. LOGAN. This bill is for the abolition
of the franking privilege. Now, I would ask
if it would not be well to amend this bill so
that the enormous amount of expenditure
which the Government is inflicting upon the
people may be taken from the amount paid
contractors for carrying the mails; otherwise
the mere abolition of the franking privilege
would not save one cent to the Government,
and would only benefit the contractors for car-
rying the mail; and this bill, I would suggest,
is only a piece of demagogory.
Mr. GETZ. I desire to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. Is it in order to pass this bill
now, when we have received only about one
ton of the twenty or thirty tons of petitions
sent out by the Postmaster General free of
postage?
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary inquiry.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make a
remark in reply to my colleague, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
like to make a single inquiry of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farjtsworth.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind
the House that this debate is proceeding by
unanimous consent.
Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
desire toask whether this bill, in the judgment
of the chairman of the Post Office Committee,
[Mr. Farnsworth,] cuts off the free circula-
tion of newspapers as well as of other public-
ations and documents.
Mr. EA.RNSWORTH. It does; it cuts off
everything.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. All right.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire now, if the
House will permit, to say one word in reply
to the suggestion of my colleague, [Mr. Logan. ]
The SPEAKER. ' The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] if he claims it is en-
titled to one hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, Con-
gress cannot of course pass any act which
would interfere with the existing contracts for
carrying the mails. The Postmaster General
is now invested with sufficient authority on
that subject either to reduce or to increase the
mail service, or to discontinue contracts when-
ever in his judgment the interests of the ser-
vice may demand it.
I wish to say right here, once for all, that I
concur with my committee in reporting this
bill; but I do not support the measure for the
reasons given by the Postmaster General. I
do not believe that the Department is going to
make a saving of $5,000,000 or anything like
it by.the abolition of the franking privilege.
I do not think that the mails are going to be
carried for much less than the present cost of
carrying them. I think there will be scarcely
any appreciable difference. There will be some
difference in the revenues of the Department,
for more postages will bo paid than are paid
now. What will be the amount of -the addi-
tional postage I cannot say; but in my judg-
ment it will be far less than $5,000,000.
it has been suggested by the Postmaster
General that we appropriate money out of the
Treasury to enable the different Departments
of the Government, and the members' and
officers of the two Houses of Congress, who
now have the franking privilege, to purchase
stamps for the purpose of sending the docu-
ments which are now sent free. The commit-
tee have thought it would be unwise to adopt
such a measure, and I concur with the com-
mittee on that point.
I think—and I now come to the main reason
why I am in favor of abolishing the franking
privilege—thatthe effect of its abolition will
be to do away with the stupendous amount of
public printing which is now done by order of
Congress. If the franking privilege be abol-
ished we shall send no more of these heavy
books and documents through the mails. We
shall not be able to frank them ; our constitu-
ents will not be willing to pay the postage on
them for the sake of getting them, and, con-
sequently, we shall cease to print them. Mem-
bers of Congress will thus be relieved from a
very large amount of labor, a kind of labor
which does them no good, and wlxieh does
very few of their constituents any good. It
is supposed by many people in the country
that a member of Congress makes a great deal
of popularity and personal strength for him-
self among his constituents by sending them
books and documents. This is a mistake.
Take, for instance, the agricultural report, the
most popular document that we print. The
number allowed to each member of Congress
is, I suppose, about eight hundred. Now, there
are in my district about twenty-five thousand
voters—I do not remember the precise number.
It will be seen that eight hundred agricultural
reports go but a very little way among twenty-
five thousand voters. Why should we tax
twenty-four thousand two hundred voters, who
do not get any of these books, to pay for the
eight hundred copies that are sent to tho re-
maining eight hundred voters?
So with regard to every other book that we
print. Take, for instance, the Congressional
Globe. Each member of Congress is, I be-
lieve, entitled to twenty-four sets of the Con-
gressional Globe. I will not pretend to say
