830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
ted States, published in the city of New York,
recognized as good Republican authority at
least, I might quote from that paper and show
that there is a statement therein that while the
Government Printing Office years ago only
cost $200,000 it now costs over $2,000,000.
These are very easy statements to make; not
very flattering to_ Congress, but nevertheless
they are not sustained by facts and the record.
If there has been any_ tendency to extravagance
in the public printing it certainly does not
apply to the last three Congresses, and I want
to say here in behalf of my associates, in behalf
of Congresses in whose reputation and character
I have a little stake, that we are being held
responsible all over this country for expendi-
tures that are made beyond and outside of the
votes which we cast here in favor of these ex-
penditures. And now that we may know just
exactly the cost of the public printing of the
House of Representatives and Senate, who
esteem this privilege of sending out these pub-
lic documents so highly, I quote from the
last, report of the Congressional Printer, sub-
mitted to this House:
" The amount of printing, binding, lithographing;,
and engraving ordered by the House of Kepresent-
atives for the last year, was $440,422 88."
And in explaining this amount I want the
country to understand that over three hundred
and fifty thousand dollars of this amount was
expended upon three books: first, the agri-
cultural report costing a little over one hun-
dred thousand dollars; second, the mechanical
report, costing a little over two hundred thou-
sand dollars, and the balance was applied to
the Globe.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. INGEUSOLL. I hope the time of the
gentleman will be extended.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will give the gen-
tleman five minutes longer. I have promised
to yield to several other gentlemen.
ilr. LAFLIN. Of the amount I have stated
over one hundred thousand dollars were ex-
pended for the agricultural report, and that
report bound and executed as it is, costs the
Government just about fifty-two cents a volume.
Now, I want to know how many farmers
there are, economical though they maybe, who
will say that this Congress is extravagant, even
though it must make a discrimination in send-
ing out these books, in giving the information
contained in these books to the people at a cost
of only fifty-two cents a volume. Bjit the great
expense in connection with the public printing
as ordered by the House is in connection with
the mechanical report—or the Patent Office
report, as it is sometimes called—and for which
we spent over two hundred thousand dollars.
Of that amount nearly one hundred thousand
dollars was for the illustrations accompanying
the report. That publication is made in the
interest of inventors and for the Patent Office,
and yet it is charged to the extravagant liber-
ality of members of Congress. So much for
the printing of the House. And now when we
come to the printing of the Senate and find by
this report that the Senate ordered the expend-
iture of $119,072 08 for printing, when you
combine these two accounts, $440,000 and
$119,000 in round numbers, you get just ex-
actly what the two Houses of Congress have
ordered to be expended in printing.
I am asked by my friend, the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,]
if I can tell how much printing the Depart-
ments have ordered. I have not the figures at
hand. But I venture to make the statement
that, as against the amount that has been
ordered by Congress, there has been printed
for the Departments during the same time from
eight to nine hundred thousand dollars' worth.
Mr. JUDD. What is the total cost of the
printing executed at the Government Printing
Office ?
Mr. LAFLIN. I have not the figures, but
somewhere near the sum of $1,700,000.
Mr. JUDD. How much of that amount
would be properly chargeable to the Depart-
ments ?
Mr. LAFLIN. All the balance of the print-
ing done at the Printing Office beyond that
ordered by Congress would not be properly
chargeable to the Departments, because there
are certain documents and books which are
published in accordance with statute laws over
which neither House can exercise any control
except by having authority to repeal those
laws.
But I see that my time is about out. I did
not expect to occupy even the five minutes
allowed me. In view of what I have said, I
desire to ask my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] some questions: first, whether
he can inform the House of the weight of the
public documents issued during the Fortieth
Congress to the members of the House ? Sec-
ond, I wish him then to inform the House, if
he can, what amount would have accrued to
the Government provided members of Congress
had forwarded just exactly this amount and it
had been paid for at regular book rates. Third, I
want to ask him what proportion that amount
which would be so saved bears to the sum of
$5,000,000 that the Postmaster General pro-
poses to save by the abolition of the franking
privilege. I desire these questions answered,
so that the responsibility for this great loss of
$5,000,000 may not, rest wholly upon this poor
Congress.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In reply totheinter-
rogatories of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Lafijxj I would state that according to
the account rendered by the superintendent
of the folding-room during the Fortieth Con-
gress the documents sent away averaged about
two tons a session to each member, or four
tons for the Congress. That, however, does
not include speeches or letters. It is from the
postage upon letters that the largest revenue
to the Post Office would probably be derived.
In regard to the number of letters no account
has been kept that I am aware of, and I do not
know any source from which that information
can be olDtained. Of course the amount to be
derived from that source would be small com-
pared with the estimated saving of $5,000,000.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question V
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire of the
gentleman if the majority of the letters re-
ceived by members of Congress are not now
postage paid? I will say in regard to myself
that 1 believe ninety out of every hundred
letters I receive as a member of Congress are
prepaid.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think that may be
true in a majority of cases, and especially of
letters written to members of Congress by
those people who are least able to pay the
postage on them. Those who are best able to
pay the postage are those who know what the
law is.
I now yield five or six minutes of my time
to the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Hill,] who is a member of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HILL addressed the House in remarks
which will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield five minutes
to the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Benton-. ]
Mr. BENTON. During the last session of
the Fortieth Congress this same question was
submitted to the House and there was a dis-
cussion of it on both sides, and it was, consider-
ing the time occupied, a fair, full, and candid
discussion, in my opinion, of the merits of the
question. The House then decided by a large
majority against repeal. At that time I main-
tained that the franking privilege was in the
interest of the people. I so believe to-day. I
believe that in striking down the franking privi-
lege the people will be deprived of a privilege,
and an advantage which will many times coun-
terbalance all that will be saved in money.
The question of repeal has been so presented
by the public press to the country that I believe
a large majority of the people are now in favor
of abolishing the privilege. I shall therefore
vote for it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
mo to ask him a question?
Mr. BENTON. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have heard the rumor
that some Republican memberof Congress dur-
ing the last session nndertook and did frank
from this Capitol home one of his vests. I
wish to ask the gentleman if he knows any-
thing about that ?
Mr. BENTON. I know of no such thing;
and while at this point I will say that I do not
believe that the constituents of members here
are generally so uninformed as to this privilege
and their rights as to pay their postage upon
communications to their members of Congress
as the gentleman from Wisconsin states that a
large majority of his constituents do. The
franking privilege was provided so that there
might be a free correspondence between the
Representative and his constituents.
I say, Mr. Speaker, that the information
disseminated through the Agricultural Depart-
ment of this Government is worth many times
the cost of the franking privilege, and that in
the article of seeds alone distributed by that
Department through the mails free is of ten-
fold more value to the country in the increase
and value of the crops of the farmer than all
the cost to the people of this privilege. And,
sir, when gentlemen stand up here and talk
about great frauds and abuses resulting from
this privilege I fail to be alarmed or to become
convinced that there is just ground for their
wholesale charges. Abolish the franking priv-
ilege and every member will be relieved of a
burden and an amount of labor in distributing
public documents and other articles usually
distributed by them to the people that no
intelligent member would be hired to perforin
for twenty times the value of the privilege to
him personally. And it is no advantage to the
member on the scorc of securing the favor of
his constituents, for where he pleases one he
offends many by making the distribution.
I repeat, sir, it is an advantage to the people
and a burden which every member of the House
would be glad to get rid of. I am so confident
that it is for the benefit of the people and the
Government that after the experiment is fully
tested by being deprived of a privilege so im-
portant to their material and educational inter-
ests I doubt, not that they will require the
restoration of the law which to-day they ask us
to repeal. In abolishing this imaginary priv-
ilege to the members of Congress we shall take
away the stock in trade of a great many dem-
agogues and one-idea politicians, and in that
I for one shall be gratified. I shall vote for
the bill because I believe a large majority of
the people call for it, and not on the ground
that their true interests demand it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield to the
gentleman from New York for a question.
Mr. LAFLIN. The gentleman from Illinois
failed to answer the second question which I
put to him, which was to this effect: whether
he was in possession of that knowledge which
will enable him to say to the House and the
country what was the weight of the public docu-
ments distributed to members of the Fortieth
Congress, and what would have been the saving
to the Government each session of that Con-
gress provided the members had sent all these
documents to the people and prepaid the post-
age at the regular book rate?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 did not hear the
question when the gentleman was up before.
The public documents printed for the B'ortieth
Congress amounted in weight to 8,013 pounds,
or four tons for the two years, that is, two tons
per annum for each member. The postage on
those documents at the rate now charged would
have been at the rate of $G41 for each member
per annum. The largest items in thatcalcula-
