832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
in office here. I shall be most glad myself to
see the privilege entirely wiped out.
I do not, however, agree with the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] in the
hope that the abolition of the franking privi-
lege will lead to discontinuing the publication
of books by the Government. Speaking for
ray own district, I can say that not only are
these publications not neglected, but that I
have demands for more documents than I can
supply. Indeed, I have purchased a large
number of agricultural reports for circulation
among my constituents in addition to the reg-
ular number allotted to me.
Mr. PARNS WORTH. I would ask the gen-
tleman if he thinks it is right to tax one por-
tion of his constituents to pay for books for
the other portion ?
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask my colleague
where and of whom hebought public documents
printed by the Government; and I desire an
answer. He could only buy them from the
Department of Agriculture or from a member
or ex-member of Congress, and I would like
to know the man.
Mr. POTTER. My answ-jr is, that they
were not bought from any member of Congress.
I suppose the person from whom I bought
them obtained them in exchange from some
one who wanted other books in their stead.
At any rate, I did buy them, and was glad to
get them to circulate among my constituents.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to know if the
gentleman is in favor of that portion of the
bill which prohibits the free circulation of
newspapers from the office of publication ?
Mr. POTTER. I might not if I could vote
separately on that question be in favor of that
portion of the bill. But I believe the franking
privilege to be one that leads to so much abuse
that I think it would be better for the country
1o cut it up by the roots entirely even if we
include those cases in which the privilege might
not be objectionable than not to pass this bill
when we can. I am very sure, so far as my
constituents are concerned, that they will be
glad to get the Government publications even
if they have to pay the postage upon them,
although I do not suppose that they will object
any more than the constituents of other gen-
tlemen would to their member paying these
postages himself if he should see fit to do so.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield fora moment
to the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Whittbmore.]
Mr. WHITXEMORE. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads if the largest portion of this
expenditure which is laid at the door of the
franking privilege and attributed to the ex-
travagance of members of Congress is not
occasioned by the business correspondence of
the different executive Departments, and if so,
and if we abolish the franking privilege, whether
we shall not bo called upon to make an appro-
priation for that expenditure, and if we make
such an appropriation will the Government
save anything by the abolition ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is impossible for
me or for any other of the members of the
House, I apprehend, to answer correctly what
proportion of the amount saved will be saved
by members of Congress and what by the De-
partments; or, in other words, what proportion
of the free matter goes to the Departments.
A large amount of the free matter goes from
the Departments, and I suppose they will have
to be furnished with stamps or that in some
other way provision will have to be made for
carrying on their correspondence.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to ask my col-
league whether this bill will prohibit the ex-
change of newspapers and magazines which
are now under the law exchanged with each
other free of postage? Will this bill cutoff
that privilege?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It cuts off the ex-
change of papers free of postage, but it does
not prevent newspapers being exchanged by
payment of postage.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will it require the pub-
lishers of little newspapers all over the country
to pay the postage on their papers sent to sub-
scribers in the counties where those papers are
published ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It will require the
postage to be paid on all newspapers unless
some other provision be hereafter made by
law.
Mr. INGERSOLL. There is one way to
reach and remedy this defect in this bill. I
will vote for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege, although I do not believe it will lesult
in any great saving to the Treasury. But in
the interest of the dissemination of knowledge
among the people I wish to move that this bill
be so amended that it shall not cut off the priv-
ilege of sending newspapers free of postage in
the counties where they are published, and for
that purpose I will move to reconsider the vote
by which the previous question was ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not yield for
any such purpose. I will state in reply to my
colleague [Mr. Ingeesoll] that this bill simply
abolishes the right of any person or any officer
of the Government to send or receive matter
through the mails free of postage. "In regard
to the prepayment of postage on newspapers,
that matter is left where the law now leaves it.
This bill does not require the prepayment of
postage on newspapers, but it requires the post-
age to be paid at some time on all mailable
matter.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Does it require the
payment of postage on papers sent to sub-
scribers living in the countieswhere those papers
are published?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It requires the pay-
ment of postage upon all newspapers, whether
exchanges or sent to subscribers anywhere.
The publishers of newspapers are demanding
the abolition of the franking privilege as much
as are any other classes of persons. It was
considered advisable by the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads to cut off the
whole thing by this bill, and unless some
future law shall provide for sending news-
papers free of postage they will have to be
postage paid.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. For what purpose?
Mr. CONGER. I want to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield for
that purpose.
Mr. CONGER. I want to move to amend
the first section of this bill by adding to it the
following:
Provided, That such repeal shall not prevent the
delivery of newspapers free of postage within the
counties within which they are published, or the
free delivery of petitions from the people to Con-
gress.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is right; that is
in the line of ths proposition I made.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I think that is right. I
want to vote for that amendment.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to that amend-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The committee
thought that if we began to make reservations
in this matter we would not know where to
stop. If we want cheap postage in this coun-
try "and to cut off all frauds upon the revenue
of the Post Office Department, the only way is
to cut off the franking privilege from every-
body and make every person who uses the
mail facilities of the Government pay for it.
Mr. ELA. Will not this bill, if it shall
become a law, kill every country newspaper
in this land ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I apprehend not. I
believe that every country newspaper in my
part of the country is asking for the repeal of
the franking privilege. If the papers of the
district of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Ei.a] do not want the franking priv
ilege abolished, then he can vote against the
bill
[Here the hammer fell.]
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, and Mr. RAN-
DALL called for the yeas and nays on the pas-
sage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 174, nays 14,
not voting 2G ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler Ames,
Archer, Armstrong, Arnell, Asper, Axtell, Bailey,
Banks, Barnuiu, Boaman, Beatty, Beck, .Benja-
min, Benton, Bingham, Bird, Blair. Bowen, Boyd,
Uoorgo M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Buffinton, Burchavd, Burdett, Burr, Cake, Cessna,
Churchill, Clarke, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Clinton
L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cox, Crebs,
Culloin, Davis, Dawes, Dickinson, Dixon, Donley,
Dox. Duval, Dyer, Ela. Farnsworth. Perriss, lorry,
Finkclnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Gctz, GilWlan,
Golladay, Greeno, Hale, Hamill, Hamilton, Haw-
kins, llawley, llay.Heaton, Heflm, Hill, Hoar, Hol-
jnan, lngcrsoll, .Tenckes, Thomas L. Jones, Juud,
Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey. Kerr. Keteham,
Knott, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridgo,
Lynch. Marshall, Mayharn, McCarthy. McCormick,
MoCrary. McGrew, McNeely, Morcur, WU lam
Moore, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P.
Morrill, Myers, Negley.Niblaek, 0 Neill, Orth,
Paokard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Pheips, llatt, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Prosser, Randall,
Beading, Rice, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Sehenek,
Sohumakor, Scolield, Shanks. Lionel A. Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon, Slocum, John A.Smith, Joseph b.
Smith, William J. Smith, Worthiugton C. Smith,
AViiliam Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Steven-
son, Stiles, Stokes, Stoughton, Strader, Strickland,
Strong, Swann, Taife, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend,
Trimble, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, VanAuken, Van
Horn, Van Trump, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Wheeler,
Whittemore, Wilkinson, Willurd, Williams, Eugene
M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winans, Winchester,
and Witcher—174. . ,
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Boles, Roderick R. Butler,
Griswold, Haldeman, Johnson, Reeves, Ridgway,
Rogers, Roots, Sherrod, Stone, Wood, and Wood-
ward—li. _ .
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bennett, Benjamin P.
Butler, Calkin, Deweese, Dickey, Dockery, Eldridge,
Fox, Haight, Hambleton, Hays, Hoag, Hoge,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Alexander H. Jones, Knapp,
Maynard, Milnes, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H.
Moore, Morrissey, Mungen, Peters. Sweeney, -and
Voorhees—20.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE and Mr. VOORHEES sub-
sequently stated that had they been present
when the vote was taken on the passage of the
bill they would have voted in the negative.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest foster vs. covode.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I rise to a question of
privilege. I am directed by the Committee of
Elections to present a report in the contested-
election case of Foster vs. Covode, from the
twenty-first district of Pennsylvania. I ask
that the resolutions appended to the report be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mesolved, That Henry D. Foster is not entitled to
a seat in this House as Representative from the
twenty-first congressional district of Pennsylvania.
Bcsolved, That John Covode was duly electcd Rep-
resentative in Congress from the twenty-first con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania at the election
lield therein on the 13th day of October, 1868, and
that he is entitled to a seat in this House as such
Representative.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I give notice that I
propose to call up this report for consideration
on Tuesday next after the morning hour. I
move that the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. On behalf of the dissenting
members of the Committee of Elections, of
whom I am one, I ask leave of the House to
submit a minority report in this case; and I
also ask that the report when presented may
be printed.
