1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
833
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
leave will bo granted.
There was no objection.
legislative, etc., appitopeiation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order, being the
annual appropriation bill for legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Cessna in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 974) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1871.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. MYERS. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. DAWES^J I will do so.
Mr. MYERS. There is a matter of consid-
erable importance to which I wish to ask the
.attention of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations. The appropriations for the
Bureaus of Construction and Steam Engineer-
ing in the Navy Department have been ex-
hausted. In consequence of this the Secretary
of the Navy lias within the last few days issued
directions stopping all work by those bureaus
in the various navy-yards. If this be done-;—
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Chairman, I object
to anything of this kind.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to ask a question,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] has yielded to me for that purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is entitled to the
floor for forty-five minutes, and has the right to
yield during that time to any other gentleman.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, I will only say ty&t
we cut off the appropriations for the very same
purposes under Mr. Johnson's administration.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts has yielded to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers.]
Mr. MYERS. If the order which has been
issued be carried into effect it will throw five
thousand men out of employment on the 1st
of February. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts how soon his committee will be ready
to report an appropriation which may obviate
the necessity of throwing these men out of
employment?
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to know the
source from which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania derives his information. No intima-
tion of the fact which he states has been given
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MYERS. I state that such an order
has been sent to the various navy-yards.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I did not hear
distinctly the interrogatory of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers ;] _ but his in-
quiry, as I understand, is whether it is proposed
by the Committee on Appiopriations to report
an appropriation to meet fin exigency which, he
has stated. I have not myself received any
special communication npon the subject, ana
I believe the committee has not. Whenever
the matter shall be brought before the com-
mittee I assure the gentleman it will be speed-
ily acted on.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
know whether it is in order for me in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to ask permission to have my vote recorded
against the abolition of the franking privilege .
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to
make any such request in the Committee ot
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If such a request were
in order in the Committee of the Whole on the
41st Cons. 2d Sess.— No. 53.
state of the Union I should ask the same priv-
ilege of recording my name in the negative.
Mr. DAWES then addressed the committee.
[See Appendix.]
Mr. VOORHEES obtained the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. With the consent of the
gentleman from Indiana, 1 will move that the
committee rise.
Mr. VOORHEES. I yield for that purpose.
Mr.ELDRIDGE. Imovethatthecommittee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cessxa
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant to order of
the House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 074, making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1871, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
lea\e of absence.
Mr. MUNGEN asked and obtained indef-
inite leave of absence.
withdrawal or papers.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, of Tennes-
see, by unanimous consent, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of the papers in the case of Wilford Knott, an
applicant for a pension to the Congress of
1847.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act
(H. R. No. 804) to protect officials in public
employ; when the Speaker signed the same.
ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported a
bill (II. R. No. 987) to reduce the number of
officers in the Army of the United States, and
for other purposes; which was read a firstand
second time, ordered to be printed, and, by
unanimous consent, made the special order
for Wednesday next after the morning hour,
and from day to day until disposed of.
ETOIIT-IIOUR LAW.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 988) to amend an
act entitled "An act constituting eight hours a
day's v,'ork for all mechanics, workmen, or
laborers employed by or on behalf of the Gov-
ernment of the United States;" which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
MARGARET P. llOBINSON.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 989) for the
relief of Margaret P. Robinson; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
exemption of debtors' property.
Mr. BOLES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 990) to amend an act
entitled "An act exempting certain property
of debtors in the District of Columbia from
levy, attachment, or sale on execution," ap-
proved February 5, 1867 ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill which
I reported this morning from the Committee
on the Public Lands in relation to the public
lands of the United States was postponed.
Mr. RANDALL. Would thatbrmgthesub-
iect up at any time?  
The SPEAKER. It will bring up the
ques-
tion of postponement but not the merits of the
bill, and the Chair would say to the gentleman
from Indiana that on the question of recon-
sideration the margin of debate will be very
narrow.
Mr. JULIAN. I understand that.
The motion to reconsider was entered.
treatment or tite indiahs.
Mr. CLARKE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, submitted
a written report on the subject of the treatment
of the Indians ; which was recommitted to the
committee, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose the report can-
not be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider.
The SPEAKER. It is only a paper; it does
not propose any action.
land office report.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table, out of its
regular order, a concurrent resolution of the
House with amendments of the Senate thereto,
providing for the printing of additional copies
of the report of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, for reference to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to reconsider all
votes of the House since the Committee of the
Whole rose for reference or recommittal of
bills, &e.; and I also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
abolition of mileage.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 991) to abolish
mileage; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mileage.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
military trial of e. m. verger.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to submit, for consideration at
this time, the following resolution calling for
executive information:
Resolved, That the President bsroquested to com-
municate to this House, at as early aday a9 possible,
if the same he not in his opinion incompatible with
tho clue administration of public justice, all tlie
information in his possession or control, or in the
possession or control of any of the Departments or
the Government, in regard to the trial _ by military
commission of l"i. M. Ycrgcr, of AIississippi, for the
murder of Jlrovet Major .Joseph Or. Crane, or the
United States Army; and that he state what has
taken placo in regard to said ease since the Imams
of tho militfuy commission, and what has been the
occasion of delay in the promulgation and execution
of any sentence rendered against the accused, and
what agreement, if any, in regard to the same nas
been made with any person by the Attorney General
of the United States to suspend action in the case,
and by what authority or with what object,
Mr. MERCUR. I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at five o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c.,wcre presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. ADAMS : A petition of sundry cit-
izens of Estill county, Kentucky, for the abo-
ition of the franking privilege. _
By Mr. AMBLER: The petitions (very
numerously signed) of citizens of Mecban-
icstown, Carroll county, Ohio ; P°l'k Homer,
Jefferson county, Ohio; Salem, Columbiaua
county, Ohio; Middieton township, Colum-
biana county, Ohio; franklin Square. Col-
umbiana county, Obioj CantOQj Stark county)
