838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
ages, have had the same under consideration
and made sundry amendments to it, and ask
that it be printed and recommitted to that
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
Mr.^ WILSON, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, to whom was referred the bill (H.
E. No. 782) making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the fiscal
year ending June 80, 1871, reported it with
amendments.
WILLIAM L. HANSCOM.
Mr. NYE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 108) authorizing
the President to permit William L. Hanscom,
late a naval constructor of the Navy of the
United States, to withdraw his resignation of
that office, to report it back without amend-
ment, and to ask for its present consideration.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. Is there objection to its imme-
diate consideration ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Whatwit?
Mr. NYE. A resolution authorizing the
President to allow Mr. Hanscom, a naval con-
structor, to withdraw his resignation, as tliey
desire his services. There is no land in it.
[Laughter. J
There bemg no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint_resolution. It proposes to authorize
the President to permit William L. Hanscom,
late naval constructor of the Navy of the Uni-
ted States, to withdraw his resignation of that
office, which was accepted by the Department
of the Navy January 5, 18C6, and to reinstate
him in the office of naval constructor; but no
pay, emoluments, or compensation in any form
are to be allowed or paid under authority of
this resolution, except such as may become
duo under the laws for services which may be
rendered from and after the time when he shall
have been reinstated by order of the President.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill _(S. No. 425) to extend the time for the
completion of the lateral branch of the Balti-
more and Potomac railroad, authorized by the
act approved February 5,1867, and to change
tho location in the city of Washington along
the bank of tho canal, reported it without
amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FERRY. I move that the Senate post-
pone all prior orders and proceed to the con-
sideration of the veto message of the President
on the bill for the relief of Rollin White.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us finish the morn-
ing business.
Mr. FERRY. If I can get it up I will then
give way to the morning business.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The introduc-
tion of bills and joint resolutions is in order.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 458) to authorize and aid the Kansas
Pacific Railway Company to extend and con-
struct its railroad and telegraph line to El Paso,
in New Mexico ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
459) to authorize the settlement of the accounts
of officers of the Army and Navy ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HAMLIN a?ked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 460) to incorporate the Washington Asso-
ciation for the Improvement of the Condition
of the Poor of the District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to the printed.
Mr. VlCKERS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 461) providing for the formation of corpora-
tions, and regulating the same, in the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred tti the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 100) in relation to settlers on
the late Sioux Indian reservation, in the State
of Minnesota ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committtee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 110) in relation to bounties to
colored soldiers and seamen ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. Ill) relating to the seiz-
ure of certain distilled spirits in California;
which was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To what com-
mittee does the Senator wish the joint resolu-
tion referred ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Let it Ho on the table
for the present. I wish to give notice that I
shall call it up at the first opportunity, so that
my colleague may be in his seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire it printed ?
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir.
BALANCES OF APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Jtesolved, That tho Committee on Appropriations
be directed to inquire into tho expediency of trans-
ferring to the surplus fund all balances of appro-
priations remaining unexpended on tho 1st day of
July next except the permanent and indefinite
appropriation?, and that, they inquire and report
such permanent and indefinite appropriations as
may be repealed without injury to the public service.
SURVEYS or DULUTII TIAUBOR.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be reunested
to communicate to the Senate tho result of thosur-
veys of the harbor of Duluth, at tho head of Lako
Superior, by tho engineern ordered to make tho
same, with aviow to tho construction ot an artificial
breakwater or making nuch improvements a.s may
bo necessary for the protection of shipping in that
port.
LHfilSLATUltK OF OliOHCIA.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho Committee on4tho Judiciary be,
and they are hereby, instructed to inquire and report
whother any further legislation is necessary^ upon
the subject of tho organization of the provisional
Legislature in Georgia.
ROLLIN WHITE—-VETO MESSAGE.
Mr. FERRY. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the veto mes-
sage of the President on the bill for the relief
of Rollin White.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the message of tho President.
The Secretary read the message of the Pres-
ident, as follows:
To thcSenale of the United Mates:
I roturn herewith, without my approval. Senate
bill No. 273, entitled "An act tor the relief of Kollin
V*rhite," for the reasons det forlh in tlie accompany-
ing communication, dated December 11,1869, from
the chief of ordnance.
r. £>. GRANT.
Executive Mansion,
Washixoto.v, I). C„ Jatiunri/U, 1ST0.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the bill.
The Secretary read as follows:
An act for the relief of Rollin White.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That tho Commissioner of Patents be, and is
heroby, authorized to rehear and determine the ap-
plication of Rollin White for the extension of his I et-
2,236 and number 12<W9 having been reissued October
27, 1863, in divisions numbered 1557, 1558, and 1 59,)
upon the evidence, inthesame manner and with the
same effect as if they were original applications
made within tho time prescribed by law for saia ex-
tensions, before the Commissioner of Patents, ana as
if no hearing had ever occurred: Provided, That in
case said extension shall be granted no damages
shall be reoovered for infringements thereof between
the date of the expiration of the original patents
and the date of such extensions.
J. <J. BLAINE,
Speaker of the Mouse of Mepresentatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President and President of the Senate.
I certify that this act did originate in the Senate.
GEO. C. GORHAM, Secretary.
Mr. FERRY. I now call for the reading of
the report of G-eneral Dyer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
"Will the Senate on reconsideration agree to
the passage of this bill V' which question must
be taken by yeas and nays. The Senator from
Connecticut calls for the reading of the report
of General Dyer. It will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Okdnance Office, War Department.
Washington, December 11,186?.
Si n: In the year 1855 Rollin White obtained letters-
patent for improvements in repairing pistols, in
(among other things) extending the chambers of the
rotating cylinder through to the rear so as to enable
the chambers to be charged at the rear by hand or
by a self-acting charger.
Some time afterward, and prior to the breaking
out of the rebellion he assigned this patent to Smith
& Wesson, of Springfield, Massachusetts, for the sum
of &500 in casn, and their obligation to pay him
tweuty five cents royalty on each pistolinanufactured
under tho patent, binding himself to apply for and
to use his influence to procure a renewal of the patent,
lie afterward surrendered this original patent and
obtained a. reissue in three divisions. Two years
bofore the expiration of tho latter he applied to the
Commissioner of Patents for an extension, upon the
ground of insufficiency of compensation. The Com-
missioner rejected the application for an extension
without assigning any reason, and the patents ex-
pired by limitation on the 3d of April, 1869, and the
invention became public property.
On tho 9th of April, 1809, a bill authorizing the
Commissioner of Patents to reconsider the applica-
tion of Kollin White for extension of his patents was
introduced in the Senate and passed without debate.
It pnssed tho House without dobate on the 10th of
April, but failed to receive the signature of the Vice
President before Congress adjourned. It is under-
stood that it has now been signed by that officer, and
only awaits tho approval of tho President to become
a law.
Unless the ends of justice require the extension of
thi.-< patent it should not be renewed. Ho far <us I
have been able to ajccrtain, justice to the Govern-
ment and to the public forbids this patent from
being renewed.
The validify of tho patent has been 'questioned lor
many years; and it is understood that it was only
aftirmed by the Supremo Court by a tic vote, four of
the justices voting affirmatively and an e^ual num-
ber negatively.
Its renewal in urged by Eollin White upon the
giound that lie has not been sufficiently compensated
for his invention, llollin White has received nearly
seventy-one thousand dollars as royalty. Smith &
Wesson for the years 186J, 1863,1SU1,18155,1806, IS'37,
and 1S68 returned incomes amounting in the aggre-
gate to about one million dollars. This was derived
chiefly from the manufacture of fire-arms under Rol-
lin White's patent, that firm holding the exclusive
right 1o manufacture under it, and being engaged
almost exclusively in their manufacture.
It is believed that the Government suffered incon-
venience and embarrassment,enough during the war
inconscquence of the inability of manufacturers to
use this patonl, and that its further extension will
operate prejudicially to its interest by compelling it
to pny to parties already well paid a largo rov&ltv
ior altering its revolvers to use metallic cartridges."
which is now before him.
llespectfully, your obedient servant,
_ _ A. B. DYER,
firevct Major General, Chief of Ordnance.
Hon. W. W. Belknap, Secretary of War.
Mr. FERRY. I now ask that the original
petition of Rollin White may be read by the
Clerk, that the Senate may understand the
ground on which lie makes his claim for the
pjv-saf-c of the bill.
