842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
ber of those who are unable to labor at all, and
an appropriation such as lias been named here
might almost entirely be expended for their
relief. Next we have near three thousand per-
sons, white and black, who are supplied with
aid temporarily from time to time; and of that
number at least one-third is unable to perform
any physical labor whatever. Of the other
two-thirds the greater proportion is composed
of females who are mothers with little children
around them, who have the ability to labor but
who cannot leave their little flocks and go
away from them, and to whom temporary re-
lief is necessary.
There is also auother class who have the
ability to labor and who would labor if they
had the labor to perform ; and the amendment
suggested by my friend from Kansas I think is
most appropriate and just. He says that it is
only suggestive ; I think the Senator has hardly
weighed his own language carefully. It says
these persons shall so far as practicable apply
the money appropriated for the purpose of
supplyinglabor and materials on which to labor.
It is imperative, therefore.
But you must leave the almoners of this char-
ity some latitude. What are the pressing wants,
what are the absolute wants of those who can
possibly perform no labor we could not know;
and, therefore, the per centum that is actually
required to take care of those who are entirely
incapacitated from labor we could not know;
and hence there must be a little discretionary
power left with those who distribute the fund.
This is the condition of the poor here.
Now, sir, I could show you if it wore neces-
sary that the appropriations of every kind made
to this District for all purposes amount to
hardly six per cent, upon the moneys that were
given to this Government by the original pro-
prietors of the soil here. We have at least
£100,000,000 of property in this District; and
from eveiy consideration, apart even from that
one which is of itself sufficient, that it is our
capital, we are under every moral obligation
to contribute some proportion toward the main-
tenance of the local government here and
toward the aid which must be given to its poor.
How shall it be done? There must be agen-
cies somewhere. I ain sorry that the Senator
from Ohio should have suggested a political
reason against this bill. Now, who are the
almoners of the charity? The mayor of the
city of Washington ; he is in party association
a Republican ; ihe mayor of the city of George-
town, in putty association a Democrat; the
president of the levy court in the District of
Columbia, and lie in political association is a
Deniociat; and O. 0. Howard, who has, I
believe, 110 political status, but who knows
more or ought to know more of the condition
of the freedtnen than any other man, for they
have been long under his charge. These are
the men in whose hands this charity is placed,
and I appeal to my friend from Ohio how, if
he wore to mingle political and party associa-
tions with it, he would make it fairer than
it is?
It is the duty of the mayor of the city of
Washington to see that the laws of the city are
executed. He is brought in connection with
the poor. What is the mode in which he dis-
tributes these charities? He distributes them
through theassociationsnamed, which are made
up of all olasses in the community, all parties
in politics, all creeds in religion, and all colors
in complexion. I have mingled with them ; I
have been to their meetings for the purpose of
seeing precisely how it is done, and 1 assure
the Senator that there is not in either of these
societies the question ever asked, ''To what
political organization do you or do you not
belong?" Why, sir, I have in my hand the first
jjnemorial that comes tu us asking for an appro-
priation YvLien shall bo disbursed by one of
these associations ; and by whom is it signed?
Peter Parker, long the agent of the Govern-
ment in China, who is a very worthy physician ;
Chief Justice S. P. Chase, Professor Joseph
Henry, Judge Joseph Casey, W. W. Corcoran,
and Mr. Riggs—men of all shades of political
opinion and without any at all. I have another
petition signed by hundreds of citizens of this
District without regard to party, creed, color,
or sex. These are the persons who ask the
appropriation. The mode which we have pro-
vided I think eminently a just one; _a.ncl if
Senators wish to connect party associations
with it I am sure I do not see how it could be
made more just or equitable.
I do not design to take up the time of the
Senate. I am quite sure that there is enough
knowledge with all of us to enable us to
contribute this very small amount of means.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) Thequestionis on agree-
ing to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomekox.]
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the hon-
orable chairman of the committee that has
reported this bill that he make his almoners
the clergymen who have charge of the churches
in this city and in Georgetown. Let him re-
move politicians entirely from the distribution
of this charitable fund. There are charges
that the distribution of such funds has been
abused heretofore; and I admit that the prox-
imity of this bill to the time when the city
elections are to take place and when there are
nominations about to be made for different
offices looks suspicious.
Now I, as one Senator, am willing to vote a
reasonable amount of money to meet the abso-
lute wants of the poor and indigent population
of this city and this District. I want that money
honestly'distributed for the purposes to which
it is appropriated; and I want not only honest
and competent persons to distribute it, but men
who cannot be made subject to any imputation
of improper motives in the distribution. _ I
therefore would suggest to the honorable chair-
man that he amend his bill by making the dis-
tributors of this charitable fund the clergymen
of this District who have the charge of religious
congregations, and let the clergymen of each
ward constitute a particular committee for the
distribution of the fund in that particular ward.
I think if that mode is adopted it will be satis-
factory.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the practical dis-
tribution of this money already amounts very
nearly to what the Senator from Kentucky has
suggested. In my meeting with the Society for
the Amelioration of the Condition of the Poor
the evening before last, I found that every reli-
gious society in this city, Protestant, Catholic,
and Jew, was represented; each church had
its agent through which these distributions
were made ; and to the credit of the Jews be
it said that they have indeed been charitable
in the means which they have contributed,
while they have supported their poor by them-
selves aside from all aid outside of their own
denomination. There is, therefore, a distribu-
tion through every church organization in this
District; there is an agent representing every
church belonging to this society, and through
their hands and on their recommendations are
the distributions made.
Mr. POMEROY. It is worthy of remark,
also, that there are some sinners who do not
belong to any church that must be taken care
of. I would not vote for an appropriation
that was to be dispensed solely by ministers.
They might be very good almoners for mem-
bers of their own congregations ; but there is
a large class of poor people who are not privi-
leged to belong to any congregation and do
not come within the sound of anybody's gospel;
and they are the ones, the sinners that do not
come within the sound of any one's gospel, that
we make this appropriation for to a great ex-
tent. The sober, intelligent, virtuous, church-
going people are not the ones that are objects
of public charity ; and I know of some minis-
ters who need this very charity themselves.
There are some so poor that they can hardly get
along with the salaries paid thorn-
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator wholly
mistakes the object of this charity to which I
had reference. I did not speak of any honest,
constant church-going people ; I spoke of the
poor, the indigent, the needy ; and I supposed
that the divines in charge of the churches had
a general supervision of the moral condition
and of the condition as to means of living ot
their respective districts and of the commu-
nities in which the members of their churches
live, and that they probably would be the most
appropriate and the best informed individuals
in the community for the purpose of distribut-
ing this fund among its true objects, the very
poor and needy.
Mr. POMEROY. I apprehended the re-
marks of the Senator, and 1 agree measurably
with what he has said. The only reason I made
a remark at all was that there is a large class
in every city who are not approached by min-
isters or churches. They do not know them.
They are subjects of Government ; they are
found in our criminal courts ; our justices of
tho peace, sheriff's, and constables know them,
but they are objects of charity nevertheless.
They are the poor to whom this provision musi
reach and be applied ; and ministers are the
very last persons, good as they are in their
sphere, who should be charged with a pnblic
charity of this kind. They have another calling
and must devote themselves to other purposes.
Mr. THUBMAN. Mr. President, I wish to
ask my friend, the chairman of the District
Committee, a question for my own information.
I want to know if there is in force in this Dis-
trict a system of poor laws, with its officers, or
is the District wholly^ destitute of any such
laws or of any such officers ?
Mr. HAMLTN. I do not think there is any
system of poor laws here other than that the
city government appropriates, I think, a certain
per cent, of the moneys raised by general tax-
ation for the poor.
Mr. THURMAN. And are there no poor-
rate officers in this District at all ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I am not able to tell the
Senator. If there are, they come, I suppose,
from the laws of Maryland a hundred years ago.
Mr. THURMAN. If that is the case does
it not demonstrate that the first thing for the
Committee on the District of Columbia to do
is to provide such a code of laws or such a
statute? If this District is without any such
laws it is the only place in tho United States
where there is an organized Government that
is without them. Certainly there is no State
in this Union without its poor laws; and I
venture to say there are very few Territories
that have not such laws, with proper officers to
administer tliem in such way as wisdom and
experience have proved to be best. It does
seem to me, therefore, that if the District is in
the anomalous condition of having neither poor
rates nor poor-rate officers, having no system
of law whatsoever to provide for the support
of the indigent, those who are not able to pro-
vide for themselves, and to afford them either
temporary or permanent relief, it is in the
most deplorable condition of any community
in the United States; and the first thing for
the District Committee to do is to report a
statute to deal with that evil. Let them do
that, and then let them send their fund to that
agency thus provided by law to be adminis-
tered. Such a law as that can pass Congress
in a week. There is no trouble in the world
about that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
from Ohio will allow me, haviug had some
connection heretofore with this subject, I will
state to him howl understand thatto be. Un-
doubtedly the people of the District are not
without conveniences for the poor. I under-
stand that to be the fact; but here is this gen-
eral fact known to the Senator and known to
us all, which explains the necessity, I think, of
this bill, and which has before called for simi-
lar legislation on the part of Congress. During
! the late rebellion, when the colored people
