1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
848
were fleeing from rebel communities, they came
in large numbers to this city as a place of
refuge. A great many of them came here to
the oppression, perhaps, of the people of the
District of Columbia. It was impossible to
suppose that the people of this District while
taking care of their own resident poor should
be charged with the additional poor of the
region of country around about, because the
colored people fled here from all sections, Vir-
ginia, Maryland ; and so far as possible they
came to this District. They were thrown upon
this community under these circumstances—
waifs, having no home, no land, no property
of any description, no relations, political or
civil, with the community. The people of this
District did not feel bound to support them
except as a charity, and they are not called
upon to do it. Congress cannot ignore that
fact; and I submit that Congress has been in
some way accessory to that fact. I do not mean
except in a general way, but there has been a
state of affairs in this country which accounts
for this general fact, and here to-day there are
twenty or thirty thousand poor, distressed,
indigent, absolutely indigent people of the
character described by my colleague.
Now, what is to be done ? Is it fair to throw
this charge on the people of the District of
Columbia ? Is it not the duty of Congress, in
view of these facts, to relieve these people ?
That is precisely what I understand to be the
Mr. THURMAN. I did not say that we
should not grant relief, although I shall speak
of that in a moment. I wanted to know if
there was no agency provided by law already.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not for this
class of people.
Mr. THURIIAN. Then I must say this is
the only place in the world that I know of, at
least in Christendom, where there is no pro-
vision for all the poor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is none for
this class.
Mr. THURMAN. If that is the case, then
there is so much more reason for the District
Committee going to work and framing a proper
law, so that we may not have every year a bill
brought iu in this way to distribute in some
irregular manner the charities the Government
may see fit to gran1.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to ask
my friend whether it is reasonable that Con-
gress should pass a law imposing upon the
property-holders of the District of Columbia
the duty of providing for the support and
maintenance of this class of persons?
Mr. THURMAN. I will answer my friend.
I would have the District of Columbia do what
the State of Maine does, what the State of
Ohio does, what every other State that I know
of does—provide for the poor people^ here,
even the transient poor. We provide ior the
man of Maine who comes to Ohio and falls
unfortunately into indigence there or meets
with an accident. We afford him temporary
relief. We do not inquire where he comes
from or where he belongs. You do the same
thing in Maine. I fancy.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The distinction
is this: If there are transient poor in Maine,
we give them immediate relief or send them
where they can get it; but what are you.going
to do with these people? They have no homes;
they never had; they never had any land;
nobody owns thenx; they were thrown upon
the surface and are mere wails on society.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, if my friend will
allow me to get through, I think he will find
that I shall answer him. I say you need Pr0P®J
poor laws here. I do not say that you should
put all the burden of the poor upon the people
of the District of Columbia; but 1^say you ,
should have proper poor laws ; and ii we have
to add to the poor fund by act of Congress, let
us have it administered under those poor laws,
and by the proper officers provided foi\ As
Congress is the Legislature of the District, it
belongs to Congress to provide a system of
poor laws for the District. You may make it
such as the exigencies of the case require, and
you may provide that the amount of tax to be
levied on the property of the District for poor
rates shall not exceed a certain per cent. That
is what we do in Ohio. That is what you do
in every State perhaps in the whole Union.
You may limit it, so that it shall not be too
oppressive to the property holders of the Dis-
trict ; make a proper limit; fix it at what is
fair and right and reasonable, and if that fund
is insufficient, and you have to appeal to the
national bounty, then let us bestow an addi-
tional sum to that fund, to be administered in
the mode the general law provides, and not by
hunting around for this man, or that man, or
the other man, just before an election, to dis-
tribute this fund. That is my objection to this.
One word about this matter which is broached
by my friend from Maine. He says that almost
the entire class of those destitute persons are
freedmcn, who fled to this city during the war
and who are here without relatives, without
friends, with nobody to take care of them. He
is very greatly mistaken. A great many freed -
men did come to Washington during the war,
but there are thousands who have come here
since the war ended. But Washington is not
peculiar iu that respect. That is true of every
single city in the southern States. I appeal to
every southern Senator here if every city in the
southern States does not overflow with popula-
tion just precisely like this ? We know it, sir.
Take our own free States. Where is the col-
ored population in our own free States ? Why,
sir, there are more colored people in the city
in which I live than there are in the whole ten
counties of the Western Reserve outside of the
city of Cleveland. Four fifths, nay, more than
four fifths, nine tenths of the colored popula-
tion of Ohio is resident in towns and in cities.
You do not get them logo abroad. They flock
to towns and to cities, and they do it in a much
greater degree in every southern State. How
was it in Memphis? You have had some evi-
dence about that. IIow is it in every city ? It
is so here.
And now, in respect to these very negroes
for whom it is proposed by this bill to provide,
there is not an able-bodied man of the whole
mass of them who cannot get employment if
he will leave Washington city and go into the
rural districts where farm labor is needed.
They have been besought to do that. The
farmers of Virginia, the fanners of Maryland,
the farmers of all the southern States, have
sought this labor, but the men will not go.
We heard it mentioned in the Senate not
long ago I hat there was an exodus of negroes
from the State of Virginia. Yes, sir, and what
is the cause of that exodus? It was said that
it was owing to oppression ; that the colored
people of Virginia were oppressed and were
leaving Virginia because of their oppression.
Sir, that is not so at all. It is becauso agents
from Texas, fiom Arkansas, from Mississippi,
from Louisiana, go to Virginia and offer the
colored men there greater wages than they can
get in Virginia if they will go down and raise
cotton and sugar in Mississippi, Texas, Louisi-
ana, aud Arkansas. That is what causes the
exodus of colored people from Virginia.
There is not one able-bodied man now of
the colored race in this city of Washington
who cannot get employment if ho will agree to
leave this city and go into the rural districts
and work like white men work; and every bill
of this kind that you pass is merely a bounty
upon pauperism. It is a bounty that you offer
to these men to come to this city of Washing-
ton. It is not temporary relief at all. It is a
permanent institution. You pay these men to
leave the fields that they could till and where
they ought to be at work and come to this city
to "be supported out of the public purse by
the public bounty. That is the truth about it.
Therefore it is that there should be a proper
system of poor laws for this District—not a
system of laws to support able-bodied men who
choose to flock about a city instead of work-
ing in the country where they can get good
wages and employment; not a loose perfunc-
tory system of charity like this, but a regular
system, a well-matured and well-considered
system of poor laws, and administer all the
poor fund, whether raised by taxes on the prop-
erty of the District or bestowed as a gratuity
by act of Congress, through the agencies that
you thus shall constitute. I am more than
ever convinced that this bill ought not to pass
and that no such bill ought to pass until the
District Committee has reported a proper sys-
tem of poor laws and organized a wise admin-
istration of the charity of the Government when
it shall see fit to bestow it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy.]
Mr. MORTON. Let it be reported again.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert at the end of the bill the follow-
ing :
And the persons charged with the expenditure of
the aforesaid appropriation shall, so far as may be
practicable, provide labor and materials for labor,
so as to promote and improve the condition of the
poor.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be xt further enacted, That the uso of build-
ings in Judioiary square, occupied as store-houses
by the medical department of the Army, bo granted,
until otherwise ordored by the President, to the
Women's Christian A.-wociation of Washington, for
the purpose of enabling said association to givo
employment to indigent women.
I will only say that the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs ordered the chairman of the com-
mittee to report this as a separate joint resolu-
tion ; but it belongs to this subject, and 1 am
in haste to get it through because there-are
several very excellent persons in this city who
are at this time busily engaged in furnishing
work to those who have not the means of earn-
ing subsistence, and it will contribute largely
to the relief of a great deal of suffering iu the
city if this can be got through immediately. I
understand the chairman of the Committee on
the District of Columbia does not oppose its
going on this bill instead of being taken up by
itself.
Mr. THURMAN. With a view to have
proper legislation on this subject, which I
think could be framed in a very brief time, I
move that this bill, with the pending amend-
ments, be recommitted to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORTON. I believe that some pro-
vision can bo made for the better government
of this District, and perhaps some provision
can be made in the way of furnishing labor to
the poor ; but that does not supply the imme-
diate want that is pressing hero. There is
present destitution and suffering which cannot
wait now for these other agencies to bo set to
work. Therefore, no proposition to provide
general labor or looking to change of govern-
ment should be allowed to conic in between
Congress and provision for the present desti-
tution iti this city.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is it proposed by the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mortojt] to spend
this amount of $30,000 in a day ? Are further
relief bills to be presented in addition to the
one now before this body? Sir, it seems to
me that it is difficult to conceive of a more
thoroughly vicious system of relief for the poor
of the District than that which this bill pro-
poses aud of which it is merely a part. In
Congress after Congress for someyears similar
bills have been passed, each bill furnishing a
precedent or an excuse for passing the next
one, and the whole of them contributing noth-
ing to the permanent relief or the permanent
improvement of the condition of the poor peo*
pie of this District, and forming a system of
make-shifts from the beginning to the end ; a
