844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
bounty upon idleness, as my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Thubman] suggests.
No one of common humanity can fail to
appreciate the condition of the large number of
black people who are collected in this District,
some of them belonging to the District but
the greater part of them having come here from
other States. ^ But, sir, is it not a misnomer to
speak of charity to these people in connection
with a system the effect of which is to make
them pensioners on the public purse and to
convert them into that greatest curse to them-
selves and to the community, a race of unhappy
dependents on the selfishness, the intrigues,
and the corruption of the small politicians of
Washington ? You could not invent a greater
injury to the blo,ck race than the injury which
this whole system of yours indicts upon them
under the pretense of charity.
I ask why should there be an objection to
Ihe suggestion of the Senator from Ohio for the
establishment of something like a general sys-
tem of management of these people; a system
which while it relieves distress on the one
hand lifts up these unfortunate people on the
other hand, guides them in the way they should
go, and gives them those habits of industry and
self-reliance which we know they require, and
without which they must be the unhappy, out-
east race which I have described, and which,
for one, I do not wish them to be. 1 regret
that my old friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, [Mr. Ham-
lin,] seems indisposed to accept the suggestion
of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thckman.]
Surely each year the same argument will be
used that is used now, that the case is pressing,
as if, 1 repeat, the whole of this money were
to bo spent in a day or a week, and as if this
amount of $30,000 in money and $30,000 iu
clothing and other material were not to be a
fund which in all prudence it must take a consid-
erable period to apply. Let the chairman of
the Committee on the District of Columbia
diminish the amount of the proposed appropri-
ation ; let him reduce it to ten or twelve thou-
sand dollars, and reduce the appropriation for
clothing and other materials to two or three
thousand dollars. That ought to suffice for the
present. In the mean time let him prepare and
bring in a bill establishing a sensible, effective
system for the administration of your charity to
these people. If Congress is to vote thirty to
forty thousand dollars a year for this purpose
it is right that Congress should provide a use-
ful mode for dispensing that fund.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose this appropri-
ation will pass, because I take it for granted
there is a pressing necessity at the present time
for giving relief to the poor of the District. I
recollect very well, however, that the same
necessity was pressed upon the consideration
of Congress at a previous session, and wo made
an appropriation of some thirty thousand dol-
lars for the same purpose. I confess I do not
exactly like this mode of looking after the
interests of the poor of the District of Colum-
bia. I do not think it a very fitting state of
things that a bill should bo brought into the
Senate or the House of Representatives every
session to make an appropriation to support
the poor of this District. In all the States, I
presume without exception, there are provis-
ions made by law requiring every county to
impose upon itself a tax to support its poor.
It is part and parcel of the general system of
legislation, a system that weighs equally and
properly upon the properly of all persons in
the counties. Rather than see another such
experiment as this attempted upon Congress I
would prefer, if the chairman of the Committee
on the District of Columbia will allow me to
say so, to see them bring in a bill requiring
the city government of this city or the author-
ities of the county to establish a regular system
of pauperism, and requiring the money to sup-
port it to be raised out of the residents of the
District or the city, so as to assimilate the
system somewhat to that which exists in the
various States of the Union. There is no
hardship in it. Every municipality in the Uni-
ted States supports its own poor. Why should
not the city of Washington do the same thing?
Why should not the District of Columbia do
the same thing? Let them have a system by
which the poor properly resident here, having
residence, shall be protected, and not be coming
to Congress every session, ortwo orthree times
a session, and asking for appropriations to be
made piecemeal for the support of the poor in
this District. I shall vote for this bill, but I
should far .prefer to see this burden placed
upon the shoulders of the people of the Dis-
trict rather than upon the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not intend to say
anything about this bill, because I wish to see
the debate terminated ; but I must say I do
not think there is a Government in the world
that is so unjust to any community as the Gov-
ernment of the United States is to the people
residing in the District of Columbia. Now,
here is a palpable fact: the Government of
the United States is the owner of one third of
all the property in this District.
Mr. HAMLIN. One half.
Mr. SHERMAN. One half, my honorable
friend says. Look at the boundless spaces in
this city that are now vacant and hold by the
Government. The Government has property
here that is worth ยง100,000,000, one half of
all the property of the city. It is the presence
of the Government that brings into this city
the poor who are now dependent upon charity.
It is the presence of the Government that
brings here the groat number of employes
whose children are educated at the public
schools. It is the presence of the Govern-
ment that throws upon the people of this city
nearly all the expenses they incur. Here are
wide avenues. The city government have no
power even to take up a bowlder in order to
repair the avenues, because they are owned by
the Government of the United States, and the
Government will not surrender its supreme
power over those avenues. The people of the
District cannot even pave in front of their own
dwellings. They cannot do the most ordinary
municipal act, the act of a city government,
because the supreme power rests with Con-
gress, and Congress will not trust that power
to anybody; and yet Congress from day to day
and from year to year neglects to perform tho
simplest duties to the people of this District.
Here is a city with one hundred and thirty
thousand inhabitants who are living under the
old laws of Maryland, enacted before the Rev-
olution. Thepeople of Maryland have modern-
ized their laws together with the people of the
whole country ; and yet here is a people living
under interest laws, usury laws, and local laws
formed and framed by the dependencies of
George III.
Now, Mr. President, when an appeal is made
to us to grant $30,000 as the share of the peo-
ple of tho United States to the poor tax of this
city, I think it is a very small sum indeed. If
instead of that the Committee on the District
of Columbia were to .report some well-organ-
ized system to govern this city, to enable the
people of tho city to govern themselves, and
to establish some rate of taxation, or some rate
of contribution or appropriation to be made by
the national Government for the support of the
poor, tho education of thepeople, the construc-
tion of roads, the lighting of the cky, &c., then
we should have a complete municipal govern-
ment. And I hope that the honorable Senator
from Maine who is now chairman of that com-
mittee will in due time report it; but in the
meantimeherearepeoplehungry, sick, ragged.
My honorable friend from California [Mr. Cas-
seely] is a householder in my neighborhood,
lie and I, I think, can both bear witness that
theie is distress in this city that must move
the heart of any one. People are coming daily
to our houses for food and for clothing. It is
absolutely impossible to resist their appeals. I
do not care what brought them here. I do not
care whether they are here because they were
led here under the bounty of the Government
or under the flag of the Government, nor for
what reason they are here. It seems to me
that we ought not niggardly but generously to
give to those who will have control of this
money, not only the $30,000, but a greater
sum if necessary. If the property of the Uni-
ted States in this city could be put on the tax
list and subjected to a poor tax, like the prop-
erty of individuals, the amount we should con-
tribute to the poor tax would be more than one
hundred thousand dollars, because that would
be only one tenth of one per cent, on the
property of the United States.
It seems to me, therefore, that we ought not
to delay in this matter. When the petition
referred to by the honorable Senator from
Maine was presented by me, I believe before
the recess, the honorable gentleman who sub-
mitted it to me, Dr. Peter Parke, who has
taken great interest in the distribution of this
fund, who devotes a great part of his life now,
being an old man, to the distribution of charity
and giving relief to the people of this District-,
told me at that time that there was so much
distress in this city that private funds were
absolutely exhausted, and he begged me to
present the petition and ask Congress to make
an appropriation immediately, so that before
the holidays, or as soon as possible afterward,
they might have tho benefit of this contribu-
tion by the Government of the United States
to the fund for the support of the poor. All
tho people of this District are called upon for
private charity, and the people resident here
are compelled to pay taxes, more than their
share, in proportion to the $30,000 here asked
of the Government.
I think under the circumstances we ought
not to delay a day. 1 was very glad, indeed,
to give up the precedence of a measure of pub-
lic interest, affecting the whole people of tho
United States, so that this important measure
of relief might be passed to-day. I hope the
motion of the Senator from California to post-
pone the subject or to recommit it will not be
considered for a moment, but that we shall
vote it down and allow this money to be added
to tho fund that has already been raised by the
people of the District.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I am sorry
to trouble the Senate with any remarks on this
bill in addition to what I have already said.
I have not said one word against appropriating
money for this purpose. On the contrary, I
think it is our duty to appropriate money, and
I think if a system of poor laws were provided
such as ought to be provided it would be mani-
festly unjust that the whole poor fund to be
raised should be raised off the property hold-
ers in the District. I said so in effect before,
and I repeat it more distinctly now; and that
for the reasons which have been stated by my
colleague. It is perfectly clear that we should
contribute to that poor fund, there being so
much Government property in this city that is
not the subject of taxation. To that I should
not object at all; but what I do object to is
this irregular mode of making gratuities from
year to year without any regular system of
poor laws in the District, without any of the
safeguards that such laws throw around the
distribution of such a bounty. Every word
that has been said strengthens me in the belief
that this District needs another kind of gov-
ernment than that which it now has : but so
far as its poor laws are concerned they may
still be the subject of an act of Congress.
There is no reason why they should not be ihe
subject of an act of Congress, and one that
should be equally binding on the District, no
matter what may be the form of government
wc bestow upon it.
Now, in regard to the immediate necessity
for relief, I have no particular knowledge one
way or another. I suppose that the necessi-
ties in this eitvareverv little different from
