1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
what they are in any large city. I suppose
that, in the city of Now York, in the city of
Philadelphia, in the city of Baltimore, in the
city of Cincinnati, in every large city there is
always, especially in the winter season, when
many persons are thrown out of employment,
more or less suffering, and sometimes a great
deal of suffering. If Senators have such in-
formation that they think this charity cannot
be postponed for a week, in order that a proper
law may be framed, I shall be willing to forego
all opposition. If that be the case, much as I
am opposed to any such mode of distributing
charity as this, I shall bo willing to forego all
opposition to this bill; but I protest that no
such bill ought ever to be introduced again
until a proper system of laws for the raising of
a poor fund and its distribution have been
provided by Congress. If Senators see that
the necessities of the poor in this city arc so
pressing that you cannot wait a week for such
a law to be framed, then, as I said before, I
should be perfectly willing to forego my objec-
tion to this appropriation ; but still I do not
think the agency provided in this bill is quite
what it ought to be. I do not like the distri-
bution of this fund being put into the hands of
candidates for popular office.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I intend to vote
against this bill, and in doing an act that
might seem to be wanting in sympathy for the
poor I presume it will be proper for me to
state a reason or two that will govern me in
casting my vote.
I think the best disposition that can be made
of a bad precedent is to discard it as soon as
possible. I very much doubt whether we have
the authority of the people of the United States
to transfer their money from the Treasury into
the hands of persons in this city for the uses
that are proposed by this bill. There are, as
was stated by the distinguished Senator last on
the floor, other cities iu which there are poor
perhaps as much in need of assistance as are
those of the city of Washington. I have no
doubt that in the city of New York and in the
city of Philadelphia, and perhaps in the city
of Boston, as in many cities of the South, there
are persons as destitute as any to be found in
the city of Washington ; but because these here
are more immediately under our eye our sym-
pathies are most excited on their behalf. It is
very naturally so ; but I presume they are no
worse off than the people of many other locali-
ties in the United States.
It has been stated here that the people of
the District of Columbia are treated very badly
by Congress. I do not appreciate the state-
ment. I do not see how that can be. I believe
that the appropriations which are made here
for carrying on the Government by Congress
are pretty much all absorbed, taken up in the
expenses that are incurred in this city by Sen-
ators and members. These appropriations are
virtually appropriations for the District of Co-
lumbia or the city of Washington. They are
all absorbed. There is no one who takes away
with him, when ho leaves, any margin ; he is
more likely to consume a portion of his wealth
other than that which he may acquire for his
services in this Capitol.
I hope the bill may not pass even if there are
precedents for if. I am sure that there are
persons in distress here. I realize that and am
sorry for it; but their emergencies should be
met as the emergencies ol the poor are met
elsewhere. The churches have been referred
to, and it has been proposed that they be the
almoners to distribute this fund. It i& the duty
of the churches to provide for the poor; and
let the wealthy men belonging to the churches
contribute a part of their means lor the sup-
port of the poor. If they are true Christians,
if they are the men they profess to be, let them
devote a part of their means, as a great many
good persons do in the United States, for the
relief of the poor. How easy would it be ror
the citizens of Washington, the wealthy citi-
zens of Washington, to make up this little sum
of §30,000 for the relief of the poor who are
constantly about. Let them be called upon as
the people in other communities are called
upon for their charities in this way, and not
make the Government of the United States an
eleemosynary institution.
Mr. PATTEKSON. Mr. President, I wish
to say a word in relation to one remark dropped
by the Senator from California, [Mr. Cole.] He
says that about all that is paid to members of
Congress is absorbed here, and that we are mak-
ing many appropriations for the people of the
Dist rict of Columbia. I often hear that remark
made in Congress. Now, sir, I have lately been
investigating that subject somewhat, and I find
that up to 18G8 the whole amouut of appropri-
ations made by Congress for the District of
Columbia were not equal to the interest on the
money which has gone into the public Treasury
by gifts of laud originally made by the propri-
etors of this District to the General Govern-
ment—not equal to the interest of the money
that has been given to the General Govern-
ment by the original proprietors of the soil of
this District.
The Senator says let the churches and benev-
olent people give of their substance to feed the
suffering poor of this District. One lady, a
Quaker lady from Philadelphia, came before
the committee and stated that she had traveled
all over the East, she had traveled all over
Europe,visiting the poor, the prisoner, the sick,
the destitute in every condition of society; she
had traveled all over this country; and when
she came to the city of Washington she found
the suffering and the poverty of the poor of this
eity iu excess of anything she had seen any-
where else on the face of the globe ; and that
lady is herself at her own expense hiring ninety
dwellings or places of residence for the poor
of this city; and there are eleven hundred fed
mainly by the charities of the Christian people
of the North and West in this city. These are
most of them so old and infirm that they are
unable to work. Their sufferings are excessive
and their wants are imminent, and they should
be met at once.
T appreciate much that was said by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurmak.] There should
be some general law, and I would suggest to
the able Senator from Ohio that he prepare
just such a law and present it. I think he is
the very man to present thebillthatliesuggests.
Mr. THUIIMAN. I am very much surprised
that my friend should propose that, in view of
the abilities of the gentlemen composing the
District Committee.
Mr. PATTERSON. The District Commit-
tee would be very glad of the Senator's wisdom
in directing their steps and also his charity,
which will cover, I have no doubt, not only the
whole District but all the poor who may come
here for all time to come. He cannot provide
by any general law of that kind for the poor
who are now asking alms at our hands. Let
us meet the present waut, and then we shall be
prepared to vote on the bill which the Senator
suggests for the poor hereafter.
Mr. CASSERLY. Allow me to ask the
Senator a question before he takes his seat.
He seems quite familiar with the subject, and
I should like to ask him how many laws like
the present have been passed here from time to
time, so far as his knowledge extends, and if
he can state the sum-total appropriated by such
laws ?
Mr. PATTEESON. I cannot. I remem-
ber two or three instances ot the kind hereto-
fore, perhaps three.
Mr. WILSON. Mr._ President, the only
regret I have in voting for this measure is that
such a measure is necessary. I shall vote for
it with the greatest possible pleasure, and I
believe that those whom I represent here will
be gratified to have such a vote given by me,
and would be surprised to have any other
vote given under the circumstances of the case.
I think the conduct of Congress toward the
people of tho District of Columbia during the
whole century, from the timo the Government
was established hero to the present time, irt
utterly indefensible. By establishing the Gov-
ernment here we have brought to this place
thousands of poor people, of laboring men.
There is but little property, comparatively
speaking, in the District of Columbia. There
is a vast amount, of poverty here; there are
great numbers of dependent laboring people.
We have done very little for industries here,
we have done very little for education. While
we have voted away millions upon millions of
acres of the vast public domain of the United
States for purposes of education in the States,
here iu the District of Columbia, where we
should have had the model schools of this
country, wo have refused either to give lauds
or to give money. Twelve years ago I intro-
duced a bill granting a million of acres t'oi
that purpose, and I have introduced a bill
granting two millions of acres for education at
nearly every Congress since then, but nothing
has been done with it. Such a measure is now
before the Committee on Public Lands, and I
hope it will soon be reported. I know that
committee once reported it, but it failed in the
Senate.
Now, sir, I trust that we should not ouly
pass this measure promptly, but that a meas-
ure such as that suggested by the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Tuur.man.] will be devised. What-
ever measure is devised on this subject, I hope
that Congress with its hundreds of millions of
property hero, and in consideration of the fael
that the existence of the Government at this
point brings so many poor laboring people, will
l'eel under obligations to do something to aid the
educational institutions of the District, and
something to relieve the suffering of the people.
Senators speak of what wealthy men ought
to do. Sir, there are but few wealthy men in
the District of Columbia. Tho great body of
the people of this District are poor. There is
little commerce, few mechanic arts, no man-
ufacturing, very little by which the mass of the
people can earn money. Under such circum-
stances I think the Government, with its prop-
erty and its vast interests here, should lighten
somewhat the burdens of this people.
As to the city government and voting to put
money into the hands of those who are candi-
dates for office, I will say that I have no wish
to put a dollar in the hands of anybody to be
used for electioneering purposes or lor polit-
ical influence. I am among those who are willing
to establish a territorial government here, and
let the District be represented in the House of
Representatives. There is no reason why it
should not be represented in Congress. But I
am against doing anything or establishing any-
thing which shall take from the people here the
right of suffrage which has been given to them
and the right to elect whatever officers they
need.
Allusion has been made to the city govern-
ment. I think it is much better than any eity
government that has existed here during the
last fifteen or twenty years. There is more of
law, more of protection, more of order in this
city now than existed here ten or fifteen years
ago; much more. The number of assaults, of
outrages, of firings upon people is much less
than formerly. Since 1 have been in this body,
1 have known battles fought here and shuts
after shots fired and several men wounded.
Everybody knows that ten or fifteen years ago
the Democratic and Native American factions
used to meet each other and fight each other
with deadly weapons. I believe the city of
Washington is in many rcspeets the most orderly
city iu the country. The Sabbath is better
obsei ved than iu most other cities of the country ;
more people in proportion to the population
attend the churches steadily and constantly
than in most of our large cities. 'There are
more men here in proportion to the population
who are temperance men—and of cours^law-
aeiding men—than in most other cities. There
are fewer broils and fights in this city than in
