848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
and not of the white population. That is the
truth of it, I think.
Mr. President, I think all this ought to be
corrected. I agree with the benevolent and
philanthropic sentiments expressed here by
all the gentlemen who have spoken, that the
pauper population ought to be supported com-
fortably. If you cannot got it away from here,
I am opposed to charging tliis great burden
upon the people and property of this city; and
1 am in favor of Congress shouldering the prin-
cipal part of the burden and meeting it by
appropriations ; but I want those appropri-
ations to go on under a proper system of govern-
ment and administration. Let a just and wise
system be adopted, and let it be properly and
fairly administered. Keep out your experi-
ments, keep out 3'our politics, keep out your
negro suffrage, your equality of races, your
notion that all persons shall bo equal before
the law. Get rid of all such nonsense as
that; administer the system fairly ; administer
all that is contributed to charity upon the plain,
just, universal principles of philanthropy that
every man, without regard to his position, can
indorse.
If that were done I should ba willing to vote
myself $100,000 as the proportion o>f the Uni-
ted States by Congress to maintain the paupers
of this city, if that much were necessary. I
say that the great amount of the burden ought
to be met by Congress, and if the system is
defective it is due to the party who have had
the domination of the District and of Congress
for so many years, and I hold them responsi-
ble for the defects of the government of this
city, if there beany defects; and if those defects
are to bo reformed the honorable chairman
of the District Committee, with his experience
and ability, ought to proceed to the work im-
mediately, methodically, and effectually, and
bring about the necessary reformation.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, a stranger lis-
tening 111 the galleries to this debate who was
not in when the bill was called up by the hon-
orable Senator from Maine would suppose
that instead of discussing the question of feed-
ing the hungry and clothing the naked and
relieving the wants of suffering humanity we
were discussing some great political question
that was new in its character, and striking at
some policy which was to be startling in its
effects. The real question before the Senate
is whether the poor people of this city, whose
wants come up to us crying for relief, shall be
relieved. The honorable Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Tiiumiax] saw in it some danger of a
political character, and alluded to the fact that
there was to be soon a strife for mayor in this
city, and he saw something under the meal.
The honorable Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayard] indulges in the same strain of remark;
and the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis,] who, in his political views, is
fashing behind the net, rehashes here what we
have had before a thousand times upon the
political policy of this city.
Mr. President, I should have been glad to
see this bill pass without a word of comment,
for charity when it is talked about much does
not appear as beautiful and attractive as when
it is freely given. Wherever the cry of want
is heard, wherever the cry of hunger is heard,
it attracts my attention, and if it is in my power
I will relieve it. I take it that my duty is not
unlike the duty of a great nation 111 that respect.
When the cry comes up from its citizens, no
matter of what color, that they hungered, and
ye fed me not; thirsted, and ye gave mo 110
drink; naked, and ye clothed me not; the
responsibility of not answering shall not be laid
to my door as a member of this great nation
for fear of any political effect it may have upon
the negro race.
It seems to me, in a word, Mr. President,
that the basis of the arguments upon the other
side are all frail and tottering. Suppose that
this was relief simply for the negroes, would it
be wrong ? But I have to inform the honor-
able Senators who have made these speeches
that people as white as they every day stretch
out their hands to me as they do to others for
aid. Every day the hand of squalid poverty in
the streets of this great capital of a great nation
is stretched out for temporary and immedi-
ate relief. The honorable Senators on the
other side who call themselves the Democratic
Senators cannot even in a spirit of generous
magnanimity let this bill go through without
arraigning the dominant party of this nation
for its conduct toward these colored. people
and for the privileges which Congress in its
generosity has conferred upon them.
Mr. President, the real fact is this : the poor
black people to be benefited by this bill wore
all slaves,gray-headed old men and gray-headed
old women who have toiled from their youth
up, and their toil has been unrequited. The
honorable gentleman complain that they should
find an asylum and gather around the hearth-
stone of the nation that stands in loco parentis
to them. Sir, all the charity so given is given
grudgingly, and I yield to the honorable Sen-
ators that have put forth such arguments all
the consolation they derive from them. While
they are arraigning a political party, the wail
of woe sounds in our ears.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky, kind-
hearted as he is, saying that he is going to
approve of the bill, cannot lose the opportunity
to arraign the dominant party of this nation.
Sir, what is their crime and what has it
been? They found these people in bondage,
crushed and broken down, chattels led to the
block ; and the dominant party of this nation
has broken those shackles; and let either of
the honorable Senators mark the one that they
helped to knock off. No, sir; from the com-
mencement of this warfare to the present
moment not one word of encouragement from
that party has been received. Many that stood
here boldly in the front and fought this battle
have passed away, but those that come after
them seem to have imbibed the same spirit with
those who preceded them. On every question,
if it is a question of relieving the hungry or
ministering to the sick, they lose 110 oppor-
tunity to arraign the party that has broken the
shackles from the limbs of these slaves and
clothed them in the imperishable garment of
American citizenship.
I take my part of the odium which they
attempt to heap upon 11s. I accept their crit-
icism in a spirit, I trust, better than that in
which it is given. I glory in the fact that the
party to which 1 belong has taken these chat-
tels and made them men and women. And
now, sir, they must starve because they have
not the means of support! Sir, go count the
stripes upon the backs of some of these poor
old former slaves, and the answer you will get
is that they have toiled enough ; they have
toiled under the cruel lash of their task-mas-
ter, and their only reward was the bread thsy
ate and the scanty garments with which they
were clothed.
Senators arraign the dominant party of this
nation for having spoken freedom to that class,
and would withhold the very bread for which
they crave. Sir, a nation is 33 much bound to
see that its citizens are fed as the father ot a
family is to see that his children are fed. The
granaries of the nation are full, and these suf-
fering people demand relief. Sir, I blush, in
the discussion upon a measure of this kind, to
hear a rehash of the polities of the country
that have passed long ago into history. I am
willing that the vote on this question should
be divided. I am willing to let it become a
part of the history of this country that the un-
relenting pursuit of this unfortunate class still
continues; that from the day humanity first
spoke in their cause to the present moment
they have met the opposition of the Democratic
party. I refer to 110 particular Senator; but
upon ev?ry possible occasion they dig for that
dead carcass which smelt so bad that the duty
of the Republican partywas bury it so deep
that it would never bo resurrected; they dig
with the ferocity of the hyena to resurrect it
again.
My friend from Kentucky talks of putting
these people to work. Sir, I have been in this
city now five years almost constantly, and I
venture the assertion that, there are not as
many idle black men in this city as there are
idle whites. I challenge the investigation of
honorable Senators who oppose this measure,
and I assert that there are not as many idle
black men able to work in this city as there
are whites. I see them at their toil every day
in every variety of employment that this city
presents to them. I see them going from their
labors weary at night, while I see many white
men having as little means as they who toil
not at all. Ay, sir, I would be willing to
challenge the morality of the two. You very
rarely see a black man reeling in the streets
here. You do sometimes see the others.
But, sir, in this matter of charity I do not
classify. Go feed the poor; they demand it.
Clothe the poor, black and white; the neces-
sities of the season require it. Minister to the
sick; for their pains and their aches require
it. Go minister to suffering humanity every-
where. The nation that goes furthest in its
efforts to relieve the wants of the poor and the
needy will stand highest in character and dig-
nity. Sir, go to London, where there are no
slaves, no negroes, and the cry of suffering
humanity comes up there until tie very nation
is startled with the magnitude of the demand
and measures are being introduced to take care
of their pauper population. Go to France and
the same cry is heard. Go to Austria, Prussia,
or any of the German States and the same cry
is heard. Sir, that nation is not worthy of
existence and will not exist under the favor
of an approving God that does not listen to
these cries of woe.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to make one remark?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator is a
traveled gentleman. He has every enlight-
enment. I have none such, and therefore I
am not upon terms of equality with him.
Mr. NYE. I have not said anything about
traveling. If the honorable Senator reads the
newspapers of the day he knows the truth of
what I say, for it is in every day's report. Sir,
if the honorable Senator was in Kentucky and
such a measure as this was before the Legisla-
ture there and the necessities were as great
as they are here he would not dare raise his
voice against the appropriation, for he would
be overwhelmed by an indignant constituency.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me a word?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. What I propose to do I dare
do anywhere. I never have voted against any
such proposition as this, and I have not op-
posed this proposition.
Mr. NYE. There is no doubt about the
Senator's courage at all. I did not mean to
raise that question.
Mr. DAVIS. And none about the impu-
dence of some men, though not applying the
remark to the Senator.
Mr. NYE. No, sir; the honorable Senator
can get up no controversy with me about his own
courage and my impudence. Perhaps we agree
about that. But, sir, I repeat, and I repeat it
in no offensive sense, that the honorable Sen-
ator does fear what every man fears, to make
war upon any demand that humanity makes
upon him and his own conscience. That is
what I mean; and I know, as I know he is
just, that he dare not, bold and courageous as
he is, vote against such a proposition. I meant
no reflection upon him by saying he dared not
do it. His courage is of too long standing,
too well known. The honorable Senator knows
I would not do that.
What I desired, Mr. President, was to say
that the character thia discussion has assumed
