1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
seemed to me incompatible with the demands
that are made upon us. I want to see this
bill passed because I know from my own ob-
servation that the necessities of these people
demand it. I want to see this appropriation
given in a spirit of generosity, that will make
the gift acceptable; and hereafter when the
honorable Senator from Ohio or the honora-
ble Senator from Delaware or the honorable
Senator from Kentucky desires to discuss the
propriety of the political action of the dom-
inant party Senators on this side will do the
best they can to answer the suggestions they
make. I have said all that I desire to say.
Mr. HAMLIN obtained the floor.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Maine allow me to ask a question of the Sen-
ator from Nevada?
"Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Ne-
vada speaks of the Senator from Ohio as hav-
ing discussed the course of the Republican
•party. I should like to know what I said
which authorizes tbat remark.
.Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator said he
was apprehensive that this fund would be used
for political purposes, and, as I understood,
him, he did not like the character of the per-
sons who were to distribute it; that there was
astrife here for the mayoralty, and he appealed
-to the Senate if we did not know what effect a
distribution of this kind would have upon the
voters.
Mr. THURMAN. Was that an attack upon
the Republican party ?
Mr. NYE. If the honorable Senator will
pardon me, he said a little further that he re-
garded this as an electioneering fund.
Mr: THURMAN. Was it an attack on the
Republican party to sliowthatthis fund might
be properly used for charitable purposes instead
of being used for electioneering purposes?
Mr. NYE. I referred to no particular allu-
,sion by the Senator from Ohio to the Repub-
lican party. It was another Senator that I was
replying to ; but from the suggestions that the
Senator did make, coupled with his statement
that he could not support the bill, I got the
impression that he was opposed to it.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish only to say one
word, with the indulgence of my friend from
Maine. After the declarations that have been
made by Senators of the present suffering in
this city and the necessity for immediate relief,
and after the very general intimation of a desire
to pass some measure at once, and the equally
general expression of a desire that the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia shall report
some general system of poor laws for the Dis-
trict, i do not think it necessary to press any
further the motion I made to recommit the
bijl, and therefore I withdraw that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Senator
from Ohio withdraws the motion to recommit.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, this debate
has taken a very wide range. There have been
very many things said to which I might most
appropriately reply ; and occupying the posi-
tion which I do upon the District Committee ,
it might, perhaps, be expected that I should
make some suggestions in relation to the duties
of that committee and the condition of the
District: but I am here to-day asking for
charity, not to make speeches ; and inasmuch
as the Senator from Ohio has withdrawn his
. motion, I now ask that the Senate will give me
a vote, and I will forego saying another word.
Mr. CASSERLY. Before the vote I wish to
say one word in reply to the remarks of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] If I
understood him he seems to have supposed,
first, that I was opposed to granting relief to the
destitute poor of the District, and in the second
place that I made some motion the effect of
which would be to accomplish that result.
Inasmuch as I did nothing of the kind on either
head, said 110 such thing, and made no such
motion, I am bound to presume that the Sen-
ator was not giving attention to my remarks.
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 54.
I think it not improbable that his mind was so
much occupied with the subject of the finances
of the country, with which he is charged, that
what I said either escaped -his notice or was
misunderstood by him. I am sure no Senator
in the Chamber who did me the honor to
attend to what I said understood me as the
Senator from Ohio has represented me.
I said very distinctly that I had no doubt
there was destitution here, and equally I had
no doubt that it ought to be relieved. But I
said that I denied the fitness or the good sense
of this make-shift practice, taken up from year
to year, upon the i mpulse of the moment, under
the pressure of a real or supposed necessity, of
voting $80,000, $40,000, or $50,000 to four or
five gentlemen, to be disbursed by them at
their discretion for the relief of these people.
I insisted there should be somo permanent
system devised which would administer the
public bounty in the most effective manner for
the relief of the poor of the District and the
permanent amelioration of their condition. Is
there anything in all that like a denial to these
poor people of the relief for which, as is alleged,
their necessities call so loudly ? I should think
not. If to advocate a mode of giving the most
effect to the appropriations bestowed by Con-
gress is to obstruct the course of charity I do
not understand the object of an effective system
of public relief or the meaning of Christian
charity.
I do not know that the time consumed m
this debate is to be regretted. It has brought
about a general discussion of the wants of the
District and of the admitted neglect of those
wants on the part of the Government for a great
series of years. That I regard as a matter of
much moment. And perhaps as a matter of
greater moment it has given an opportunity to
many gentlemen of the majority in the Senate,
upon the strength of the little that was said on
this side of the Chamber and of a great deal that
was not said, to go off into ageneral outburst of
swollen rhetoric and spasmodic humanity, in
which, wrapping themselves up in the American
flag, and the freedmen with them, they soared
aloft like a balloon, in more senses than one,
into that heaven of self-glorification where no
ordinary perception can follow them, and
where, for one, I am content to leave them.
[Laughter.]
In my former remarksl suggested to the chair-
man of the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, considering the necessity of a permanent
system and the nature of the existing destitu-
tion, whether it would not be well for him to
reduce the money appropriation to the sum,
say, of $10,000 for present.needs, and within a
day or two to bring in a bill for a permanent
system. I made no motion. If it does not
meet his approbation I do not press it. But
it seems to me there can be no immediate
demand for spending so large a sum as $30,000.
There can be no destitution existing here yot
which involves the disbursement of that amount
within a day or two, or before a proper bill can
be brought in. Not one Senator has shown
anything to the contrary. But having called
the attention of the committee and the Senate
to the obvious proprieties of the subject, I leave
to the dominant party here the responsibility
of acting, and if it sees fit, of refusing to do
what is manifestly called for in the premises.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as an additional section at
the end o the bill :
And be it further enacted. That the parties herein-
before named, to whom the distribution of said fund
is intrusted, shall make a report to Congress of their
action whenthosum hereby appropriated shall have
been expended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that is right.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is all right. I have
got an amendment to the same effect on my
own table that I intended to offer. I state dis-
tinctly that this is probably all that will be
required for the year. I think the Senator had
better change his amendment so as to name a
fixed time, say the first Monday of December
next, for this report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Delaware modify his amendment accord-
ingly?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. I should have offered an
amendment to the same effect precisely if the
Senator had not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware as modified.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed ; and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
message itkom the house.
, A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
of the Senate: .
A bill (S. No. 47) for the relief of S. and H.
Sayles ; and
A bill (S. No. 805) giving the consent of the
United States to the erection of a bridge across
the Willamette river, in Oregon, from the city
of Portland to the east bank of said river.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1000) providing
for the election of a Superintendent of Public
Printing, iu which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 804J to protect officials in
public employ; and it was thereupon signed
by the Vice President.
TIIE CURRENCY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the bill (S. No. 378)
to provide a national currency of coin notes
and to equalize the distribution of circulating
notes; the pending question being on the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton,] on which the Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Chandler] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I appealed
to the Senate yesterday for an executive ses-
sion. There is a matter iu my own State which
requires.it. I hardly think that it is judicious
for us to go now, .at this late hour of the after-
noon, into a discussion on the currency bill.
Mr. SUMNER. A succession of messages
have come in from the President to-day.
Mr. DRAKE. And there are executive
messages from the President on the table now.
I therefore move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that is done I
wish to ask—and upon this question will de-
pend whether or not I shall call for the yeas
and nays on this motion—shall there be an
understanding by common consent, to be an-
nounced by the Chair, that we shall have a
vote on this bill to-morrow, at three o'clock?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks that by unanimous consent the Sen-
ate will agree to vote on the currency bill to-
morrow , at three o'clock. Is there objection ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; I object.
Mr. THURMAN. If my friend from Mis-
souri will give way to the motion I will move
thatwhen the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
Mr. DRAKE. No ; I do not yield for that
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that it will re-
quire unanimous consent or else the postpone-
ment of the unfinished business which is now
before the Senate to submit his motton. The
