1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
found afterward that such was not the fact;
that there was a mistake on that point. I did
not intend to reflect upon General Moulton at
all. He simply said that if the goods were
according to the Army standard they would
be received. I now call the previous question.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move that this bill be
recommitted with instructions 
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order. The question is on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 60, noes 39; no quorum voting.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let us have tellers. We
have had a good deal of preaching on economy ;
now let us have a little practice.
-The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Washbtirn of Mas-
sachusetts, and Mr. Lawrexce.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 90, noes 28.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; which was
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 51, not voting
65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong. Bailey, Bar-
num, Beaman, Beck,Benton,Bingham,Bird,George
M. Brooks, Buckley, Bufimton, Burr, .Roderick R.
Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Araasa Cobb, Clinton L.
Cobb, Cook. Conger, Cowles, Oullom, Davis, De-
weese, Dickinson, Dixon, Doekery, Doz, Ela, Eld-
ridge, Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher, Fitch, Gilfillan,
Greene, Hale, Hawley, iioaton, lloar, Ilolman,
Jenckes, Johnson, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Knapp,
Laflin, Logan, Lynch, Mayham. McCrary, Mercur,
Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel V. Morrill, Neglcy, Nib-
lack, Packard, Paine, Peters, Plafct, Poland, Pome-
roy, Porter, Potter. Prosser, Heading, Reeves,
Sanford, Sawyer, Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Porter Sheldon, Slocum, JohnA. Smith. Joseph S.
Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland, Strong, Sweeney, Taffe, Tanner, Twich-
ell, Tyner, Upson, Voorhees, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Wells, Wheeler, Whit-
temore, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Wmans, and Wood—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Asper, Beatty,
Benjamin, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler. Cake,
Crebs, Duval, Dyer, Finkelnburg, Get'/, Goliad ay,
Haldeman, Hamill, Hawkins, Hay, Heflin, Judd,
Kelsey, Knott, Lawrence, McCormick, McGrew, Mc-
Neely, William Moore, Morgan, O'Neill, Orth,
Phelps, Randall, Rice, Rogers, Sargent, Seolield,
Shanks, William J.Smith, William Smyth, Steven-
son, Stiles, Strader. Swann. Townsend, 'i'rimble.Van
Auken, Van Trump, Ward, Winchester, Witcher,
and W oodward—51.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell,
Axtell, Banks, Bennett, Biggs, Blair, Boles, Bowen,
Boyd, James Brooks, Buck, Burchard, Calkin,
Clarke, Cleveland, Coburn, Cox, Dawes, Dickey,
Donley, Farnsworth, Eox, Garfield, Gibson, Gris-
wold, Haight, Hambleton, Hamilton, Hays, Hill,
Hoag, Hoge, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll. Alex-
ander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian. Kelley,
Lash, Loughridge, Marshall, Maynard, McCarthy,
Milnes, EliakimM. Moore, Jesse H. Moore. Morris-
sey, Mungcn, Myers, Packer, Palmer, Ridgway,
Roots, Schenck. Sherrod, Worthinxton C. Smith.
Stone, Tillman, Van Horn, Welker, Wilkinson, and
Willard—<35.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION. i
Mr. MORGAN. I rise to a question of
privilege. On the 17th instant a resolution was
passed by the House directing the Secretary of
the Treasury to respond to certain inquiries
therein contained, and no answer having been
received from the Secretary I rise in my place
this morning, as a privileged question, to offer
a resolution calling upon him for a response.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot hold
that to be a privileged question.
Mr. MORGAN. Then I ask the unanimous
consent of the House—it will occupy but a
moment—to allow the resolution to be read at
the desk for the consideration and action of
the House.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
The SPEAKER,
before the House.
The resolution is not
claimants fob skats fttom georgia,
Mr. CHURCHILL. I rise to a question of
privilege, to submit a report from the Com-
mittee of Elections on the contested cases from
the State of Georgia. I ask that the concluding
resolution be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the claimants to seats in the Forty -
First Congress of the United States from the State
of Georgia under the election held in that State on
the 2Uth day of April, 1868, are not entitled to such
seats.
Mr. CHURCHILL. Mr. Speaker, without
asking for the reading of the report, I will make
a brief statement of the reasons which induced
the Committee of Elections to come to the
conclusion they have.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. As Georgia has been declared sub-
stantially by Congress not to be entitled to
representation, and isnotaState in the Union,
I make the point that the question as to the
admission of Representatives from that State
is one which cannot be brought before us at
this time.
The SPEAKER. The matter was referred
to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. CHURCHILL. It is a question of high
privilege.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Congress has de-
clared that Georgia is not entitled to repre-
sentation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I will make a brief
statement and then yield to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Burr,] after which I shall call
for the previous question with the intention to
put the resolution upon its passage.
Mr. Speaker, the constitutional convention
of Georgia, acting under the reconstruction
acts of Congress, in March, 1868, ordered an
election in that State for State officers, and also
for Representatives in Congress. The election
was held on the 20th day of the following April,
at which ballots were cast on the part of each
eleetorfor a single person as candidate,describ-
ing the office simply as Representative in Con-
gress. On the 25th of the following June an
act was passed by Congress which admitted the
State of Georgia to representation on the rati-
fication of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution and the assent to certain funda-
mental conditions. Those conditions were
complied with, and thereupon these members
presented themselves here for admission.
The certificates which they held were certifi-
cates given by General Meade, who was at that
time.in command of the department of which
Georgia was a part. These gentlemen were
admitted to seats upon those certificates and
sat here during the remainder of the Fortieth
Congress. In the following November Gov-
ernor Bullock issued to each of these gentle-
men a commission as Representative in Con-
gress, referring, however, to the same election
for the same offices and the same officers as
was referred to in the certificates issued by
General Meade in the previous July.
These commissions issued in November by
Governor Bullock are the commissions on
which the gentlemen now here as claimants
found their claims. The answer to this on
the part of the committee, and as it seems to
them a satisfactory one, is that these persons
having once presented themselves here upon
the certificates of General Meade and taken
their seats are now precluded from claiming
that they can also in virtue of the same elec-
tion take seats here as members of the Forty-
First Congress. The office of a Representa-
tive in the Fortieth Congress and the office of
a Representative in the Forty-First Congress
are two entirely different things, and the elec-
tion to each is absolutely essential to entitle a
person to a seat.
It has been claimed, however, that the ordi-
nance of the convention which provided that
the persons who should be elected on the 20th
of April should be held as occupying the same
position as if they had been electedin Novem-
ber gives a right to these persons to sit here in
the Forty-First Congress. The answer to that
is, that the convention had no power whatever
to extetid the terra of the office of a Represent-
ative in Congress. Ths commencement and
termination of that office are fixed by the Con-
stitution of the United States, and were not at
all in the power of the constitutional conven-
tion of Georgia.
It has further been claimed on the part of
these gentlemen that rt is to be presumed that
the electors of Georgia would prefer that the
persons they were voting for should have taken
their seats for the entire term of the-Forty-
First Congress rather than for the brief re-
mainder of the Fortieth Congress, and that
that presumption must be taken in favor of
those gentlemen.
The answer to that, however, is furnished by
the ordinance itself, under which these gentle-
men were elected. It recited that the offices
of the State of Georgia should he filled imme-
diately by loyal men ; and it was in consequence
of the necessity for the immediate representa-
tion of Georgia in Congress that that election
was ordered toheheld. Now, if such immediate
representation for Georgia in Congress was
necessary, then it was certainly the duty of
these gentlemen to presentthemselves here just
as soon as the position of affairs would legally
permit them to do so. This had been accom-
plished in July, 1868, and it was their duty
then, under the ordinance in accordance with
which they had been elected, as well as under
the law of Congress, to present themselves here,
as they did present themselves, and to claim
their seats in the Fortieth Congress. They
made that claim, and having made it, and hav-
ing been admitted, their election has accom-
plished its force and does not entitle them to
seats in the Forty-First Congress. I now yield
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Burr,]
my colleague on the Committee of Elections.
Mr. BURR. I rise mainly for the reason
that I desire to put upon record the fact that
the committee did not consider at all the ques
tion which has been suggested by my colleague
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.] The com-
mittee, in arriving at the result that the gentle-
men from the State of Georgia claiming seats
here are not entitled to seats m the Forty-First
Congress, have not at all passed on the question
whether Georgia is entitled to representation.
That question was not involved in the case
before the committee, and the committee have
not attempted to decide upon it.
I might say, sir, that if the question were
presented I find nothing in the Constitution,
nor even in the fourteenth amendment, author-
izing or enabling Congress after a State has
once been admitted into the Union to declare
that that State shall not be entitled to repre-
sentation . We have not been called upon, how-
ever, to pass upon that question. These gen-
tlemen were elected to Congress without any
designation on the ticket by the voters to what
Congress they were elected. They came here
in July last, claiming seats in the Fortieth
Congress, on credentials based on votes cast
in the preceding April. The Committee of
Elections held that that was the Congress to
which they were elected, and that they were
estopped from claiming on the basis of that
election seats in any other Congress. _
The committee have further decided that
Congress in accepting them as Representatives
in the Fortieth Congress determined the ques-
tion themselves that they were properly entit.ed
to seats in that Congress, and we have held that
they cannot take seats in the Forty-First Con-
gress by virtue of votes which they construed to
elect themas members of the Fortieth Congress.
We have, therefore, all concurred in the report
made by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Churchill.]
