1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. KERR, I assume that this resolution j
iff not intended to suspend the examination of j
this case upon its merits as to Mr. Wallace, i
Am i right in that?
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman is right.
Mr. KERR. Then I desire to ask whether the
Committee of Elections hold that under the
resolution of March 22, 1869, Mr. Simpson,
whom they have decided to be ineligible, has no
right to come before them in any capacity
whatever to question or deny the right of Mr.
Wallace?
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, the commit-
tee take no such position. Neither by this
report nor by the resolution adopted by the
House are Mr. Simpson's rights before the
committee impaired, except that he is not
entitled to stand there as a claimant for this
seat and will not be entitled as such to pay or
mileage. But he will have the same right that [
he had before to make proof against his oppo- |
nent. j
The motion of Ur. Paine was agreed to. ;
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote ;
by which the motion was agreed to; and also j
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid j
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TERRITORY OF LINCOLN.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1001) to organize the
territory of Lincoln and consolidate the Indian
tribes under a territorial government; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
GOVERNMENT OF THE DISTRICT.
Mr. CULLOM also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1002) to provide
a territorial government for the District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
NATIONAL CONCRETE PAVING COMPANY.
Mr. KNOTT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1003) to incorporate
the National Concrete Paving Company of the
District of Columbia; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
ARCHING TI1E TIBER.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1004) to
arch Tiber creek north of Pennsylvania ave-
nue ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
NEWSPAPER POSTAGE.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, also presented a memorial on the subject
of postage on newspapers ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
WILLAMETTE RIVER BRIDGE.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. I ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table for
passage at this time the bill (S. No. 305) giv-
ing the consent of the United States to the
erection of a bridge across the Willamette
river, in Oregon, from the city of Portland to
the east bank of said river.
Mr. VOORHEE8. Much as 1 regret to do
so I must object.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Hear a statement
from me for a moment.
Mr. VOORHEES. It may give rise to debate
for an hour. It is with much regret I am com-
pelled to object.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. You will withdraw
your objectionifyou will hear meforamoment.
I will withdraw the bill if it gives rise to debate.
Mr. DAWES. As the gentleman from In-
diana is entitled to the floor in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, 1 will
yield no longer than is agreeable to him.
Mr. VOORHEES. I will yield to the gen-
tleman from Oregon.
The bill was taken up and read a first and
second time.
The bill gives the consent of the United States
to the corporation of the city of Portland, Ore-
gon, to erect, or cause to be erected, a bridge,
with diverging roadways and footways and
double draws, over and across the Willamette
river, between the city of Portland and the east
bank of the river, at any time within six years
after the passage of the act. The bridge is to.
be so constructed and built as not to obstruct,
impair, or injuriously modify the navigation of
•the river; and in order to secure a compliance
with these conditions the corporation, associa-
tion, or company proposing to erect it, pre-
vious to commencing the construction of the
bridge, is to submit to the Secretary of War a
plan of the bridge, with a detailed map of the
river at the proposed site and for the distance
of a mile above and below the site, exhibiting
the depths and currents at all points of the same,
together with all other information touching
the bridge and river which may bo deemed
requisite by the Secretary of War to determine
whether the bridge when built will conform to
the prescribed conditions of the bill—not to
obstruct, impair, or injuriously modify the nav-
igation of the river. The Secretary of War
may detail an officer to superintend the survey
and examination of the river with a view to
the location of the bridge.
The Secretary of War is directed, upon re-
ceiving the plan and map and other information,
and upon being satisfied that a bridge built on
such plan and at said locality will conform to
the prescribed conditions of the bill, not to
obstruct, impair, or injuriously modify the nav-
igation of the river, to notify the corporation,
association, or company proposing to erect it
that he approves the same; and upon receiving
such notification the corporation, association,
or company may proceed to the erection of the
bridge, conforming strictly to the approved plan
and location. But until the Secretary of War
approve the plan and location of the bridge
and notify the corporation, association, or com-
pany of the same, the bridge shall not be built
or commenced. The corporation of the city
of Portland is authorized and empowered, so
far as Congress has the power to grant the
same, to make such rules and regulations for
the care of the bridge and for the regulation
and collection of tolls for crossing on it as
they shall deem just and reasonable.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Mr. Speaker, the
bill has twice passed the Senate without objec-
tion, and it passed this House in the closing
hours of the Forty-First Congress without
objection, after having been considered by the
Committee on Commerce, but failed to receive
the signature of the President of the United
States. It is here now having been_ twice
passed, once in the House and twice in the
Senate, and I trust there will be no objection
to its passing now.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has this been before the
Committee on Commerce at this session ?
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. Not at this session.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was it at the last session?
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. It was reported
without objection irom the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. WELKER. Does it interfere with the
navigation of the river ?
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon. It does not.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SMITH, of Oregon, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRODUCTION OF FINE WHISKIES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, in answer
to resolution of the House of January 17,1870,
transmitting a statement of the quantity of fine
whiskies produced during the months of Sep-
tember, October, November, and December,
1868, as compared with the same months in
1869 j which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
EMOLUMENTS OF NATAL OFFICERS,
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to the
resolution of the House of the 17tli January,
1870, in relation to the pay and emoluments,
or either, of the officers of the United States
Navy; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
EMPLOYES IN THE TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPE AKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a
statement showing the number of clerks and
other persons employed in the office of the
Secretary of the Treasury and the different
bureaus of that Department during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1869; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
1IARBOR OP BLACK ROCK.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in answer to the reso-
lution of the House of 17th January, 1870,
transmitting a report of the chief of engineers
upon the condition of the harbor of Black
Rock, State of Michigan ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
AMOUNT OF BANKING CAPITAL.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to
the resolution of the House of the 17th Janu-
ary, 1870, in relation to the amount of bank-
ing capital in the several States in the month
of December, 1860 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
HAIL CONTRACTS .
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Postmaster General, in answer to the reso-
lution of the House of the 20th January, 1870,
directing him to inform the House whether the
contracts for transporting the mails on the rail-
way lines of different States of the Union are
by the mile or by weight, and the price for the
same; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
EMPLOYES IN NAVY-YAltDS.
The SPEAKERalso, byunanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, in answer to the
resolution of the House of the 17th January,
1870, transmitting a statement of the number
of men employed in the several navy-yards on
the 1st March, the 1st July, the 1st September,
and the 1 st December, 1869; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
NAMES OF NAVAL VESSELS.
The SPEAKER aiso, by unanimousconsent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, in answer to the
resolution of the House of the 13th January,
1870, transmitting a list of the vessels of the
United States Navy the names of which have
been changed since the 4th of March, 186J.
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
DUTIES ON SALTPETER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
