856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
the Secretary of the Treasury, calling the atten-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means to
the duties on saltpeter; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
CAPTURED AND ABANDONED PROPERTY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
a memorandum made by the chief of the
division in charge of accounts, relating to cap-
tured and abandoned property, dated the 7th
January, 1870, showing that there are out-
standing claims against the Government to the
amount of several thousand dollars;' which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
CLERKS IN NAVY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, in compliance with
the second section of the act of Congress ap-
proved March 3, 1869, transmitting a report
in relation to the desks and clerks in his De-
partment; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
MINT AT CHARLOTTE, NOKTII CAROLINA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
a letter from the director of the mint at Char-
lotte, North Carolina, asking for a deficiency
appropriation to pay sundry bills; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
TUCKEll VS. BOOKER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consen t,
laid before the House papers in the Virginia
contested-election case of Tucker vs. Booker;
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
MEM0IIIAL OF LEGISLATORS OP MONTANA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a memorial from the
Legislature of the Territory of Montana, pray-
ing for an appropriation of $40,000; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
RANK OF NAVY OFFICERS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, in answer to the
resolution of the House of December 14, 1869,
inclosing the record of the proceedings of
the board of officers appointed to take into
consideration the subject of assimilated rank
between the line and other officers of the Navy
not of the line ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to bo
printed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. CESSNA, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the memorial of
George Chorpenning, praying for relief, for
the purpose of moditying it and presenting it
again.
On motion of Mr. DUVAL, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers relat-
ing to the claim of .T. H. Atkinson.
judicial circuits of the united states.
Mr. LOUGIIR1DGE, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1005) establishing
the boundaries of the judicial circuits of the
United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, recommitted to the eommittee, and
ordered to bo printed.
ELIZA M'CONNELTj.
Mr. TOV7NSEND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1006) tor the
relief of Eliza McConnell; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider all the
votes whereby bills, &c., had been referred
and recommitted; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTBROCEANIC COMMUNICATION
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Jlesolved, That tho Secretary of tho Navy bo re-
quested to furnish to this House any report, made by
Rear Admiral C. II. Davis, upon tho subject of inter-
oceamccommumcation across the American isthmus,
not heretofore communicated to Congress.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote .
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES COOPER AND OTHERS
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
been instructed by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary to ask the House to adopt a resolution
authorizing the committee to summon some
witnesses in a claim against the United States
now before them. I ask that the resolution
be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary, to
iv ho in was referred the memorial of Charles Cooper
and others, bo authorized in their investigation of
the same to summon witnesses, if deemed neces-
sary, and to appoint a sub-committee thereonwith
authority to administer tho neecssary oaths.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object, unless some
statement of the necessity of incurring this
expense is made.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the gentleman
to withdraw his objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We ask
this authority in order that the United States
Government may not have a claim made against
it that ought not to bo allowed. The object is
to protect the Government against a claim by
examining some witnesses. The resolution is
unanimously reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] withdraw his objec-
tion ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAWES. Before moving to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union I move to extend the time for general
debate on the bill now before the committee
three hours and fifteen minutes.
The SPEAKER. The understanding of the
Chair was that the time occupied by each of
the gentlemen from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler and Mr. Dawes] in excess of one hour
each should not be counted, and tho ruling of
the Chair is that three hours remain for gene-
ral debate of the five hours originally assigned
for it. Is there objection to that understand-
ing ? The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. DAWES. Then I withdraw my motion,
and move that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order, being the annual
appropriation bill for legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Cessna in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 974) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 80th of June, 1871.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Vooriiees] is entitled to tho
floor.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Chairman, now that
tho conflict between the sons of Massachusetts
is suspended, and each party is resting to re-
cruit his forces; now that the Administration
has been proven a delinquent in its use of the
public money by the chairman of appropria-
tions, [Mr. Dawes,] and has been defended
with a magnanimity and oblivion of past in-
juries which has no parallel in the history of
human charity and forgiveness by his military
and warlike colleague, [Mr. Butler ;] now
that there is a lull in the storm, and peace for
a brief season on the opposite side of the
Chamber, I arise to ask the indulgence of the
House while I demonstrate that the wrongs and
oppressions of the people have a longer growth
and more giant proportions by far than, even
those which thisstriking and remarkable debate
has disclosed.
The interest now felt in the public mind
upon the subject of our financial policy is deep
and universal. All classes are bending their
thoughts toward this great theme. It awakens
a solicitude as widespread as the winds and as
all-pervading as the light that breaks with the
opening of the day. The people of every grade
and condition are impelled by the strongest of
all human inducements to give eager heed to
the actions of this Government on the subject
of its revenues.
But while this question thus presents a com-
mon center, which with the irresistible force
of some vast controlling magnet attracts every
mind to its earnest contemplation^ yet the
points of observation from which it is ap-
proached and considered are widely separated,
and stand apart like places of fortified hostility
fro wning upon each other. The great body of the
people who work with their own hands through
all the weary days of the year and whose earn-
ings constitute the wealth of the nation, occupy
one position, and with painful anxiety pray for
relief against the further operations of a system
of appalling injustice and crushing monopoly.
The owners of idle capital, the favorites oi
fortune and of spccial legislation, who like the
lilies toil not and yet surpass kings in the
splendor of their habits and luxuries, occupy
the other position, and invoke the powers of
the Government to make no change; to con-
tinue forever the enchantments of their feast
for which others pay. The farmer, who forces
the bosom of the earth to yield its annual prod-
ucts for tho support of men and nations ; the
mechanic, who increases the values of things
by his skillful industry; the toilers of the land
and of the sea, in whatever avocation tho gifts
and bounties of nature are extracted by human
labor, discover in tho present policy of thi3
Government toward themselves, their classes,
and their posterity after them, nothing save
exactions, usury, and penalties. The man whose
greatness of brain and heart consists solely in
his superior ability to wring money from the
hands of others, and to amass sufficient wealth
to obscure his vision of justice on earth and to
darken his hopes of Heaven hereafter, beholds
nothing in our revenue laws in regard to his
interests except emoluments, richness, and
careful exemptions.
Sir, of these two opposing classes I range
myself with the most friendless in this body,
in whose behalf a voice here speaking plainly
the truth isbutseldom now heard. Monopoly
and privilege have clamored in high imperious
tones in these Halls for years. They have
secured a lodgment beyond the reach of the
humble and the poor. Their advocates on this
floor are numerous and able. They listen with
impatience to contradiction, and attempt to
drown the authority of reason by the force of
worn-out epithets. The capitalist, for whom
American legislation is now enacted, is always
here. He has the time and the means to look
after his mighty interests at the seat of Gov-
ernment. Tie is vigilant, and his face may be
seen in all the corridors of the Capitol. He
comes armed with the powers of bonds, banks,
and manufactories, and wherever he treads
monopoly lifts up its ugly crest and mocks the
people with the special favors it has received
at the hands of Congress.
Why comes not the farmer here ? Why is
his honest, sunburnt face unknown in the pre-
