1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
857
cincts of national legislation, at the ear of the
Executive, and in the long and busy aisles of
the Departments ? "Why are his plain clothes
never seen amid the throng which surrounds
a!nd invades this Capitol? He is the power
above all others which upholds the entire
political and social structure. From his hard
farads flow those constant rivulets which feed
atfd swell the illimitable ocean of our revenues.
Delegations crowd the official chambers of the
Government in behalf of every human enter-
prise except' that which is greatest of all, the
cause of labor. The farmer and the mechanic
toil at home to meet the exactions of the tax-
gatherer, while those whose hands are unstained
with labor and whose lives are given to sump-
tuous ease shape the legislation of the country
for the purposes of private gain and individual
monopolies. In the absence of the laborer I
propose to-day to speak for his welfare and to
the best of my abilities uphold his cause.
Sir, in examining the financial policy which
ia now proclaimed by the Administration in
p'ower the history of the creation of our na-
tional debt, the manner in which it was formed,
becomes a primary and important subject of
investigation. It had its origin in the midst
of the convulsions of war. The contract for its
payment was made when the sword impended
with bloody menace over the existence of the
Government. It was negotiated when the
sounds of battle along a thousand miles of
dividing and ensanguined borders were in our
ears. The smoke of carnage lay heavily on all
the air, and under the shadow of its threaten-
ing canopy the borrower for the maintenance
of the armies and the lender for usury and gain
crept about and arranged the terms of that
stupendous debt which now confronts us with
its insatiable demands. The hard, bitter duress
of a deadly peril was upon all the functions of
the nation. But little was done in those dark
days from untrammeled choice, but much upon
cruel compulsion. The doctrine of free willgave
way in the councils of the Eepublic to the code
of all inexorable necessity. Wewerecompelled
to have money or perish from the face of the
earth, and this was known in every money mar-
ket in the world. We went, reeling and bleeding
under the blows of the rebellion, to the counters
of brokerage and offered our paper for discount
when money was as vital a necessity as breath
to the dying man or water to one whose lips
blacken with thirst in the burning desert.
Were these circumstances favorable to a just
and equitable negotiation? Did these sinister
omens give promise of a fair transaction with
the capitalists and money-changers? Will
Does it seek no more than its own when the
straits of poverty or peril drive men or Gov-
ernmentsinto its power? Such is notthe experi-
ence of mankind, and such was not the experi-
ence of the American people when under the
stress of mighty afflictions they became borrow-
ers and tendered their bonds for the repay-
ment of the sums obtained. I appeal to the
facts of history within the knowledge and
memory of all who hear me. The capitalists
of this country discounted the credit of their
Government in its struggle for life more heav-
ily, shaved its notes in the broker-shops more
deeply, than was ever before known under
similar circumstanccs in the annals of civil-
ized nations. They drove the hardest bargain
ever known between citizens and the Govern-
ment which protected them. They _ traded
with less conscience upon the fluctuating for-
tunes of the flag than any other class of beings
that ever drew breath beneath its folds._ Their
keen- eyed cupidity kept watch upon the imper-
iled standard of their country, and the meas-
ure of their exactions was gauged according
as it was advanced full high in the hour of
victory or borne back in gloom upon the ebb-
ing tide of defeat. And disaster brought them
their richest banquets. The clouds that so
often filled our sky with darkness were to
them relieved by a golden lining. Speculation
hovered over the late of our armies and fat-
tened like the vulture upon the unburied dead
of lost and stricken fields. Death and the
sordid greed of gain held high carnival together
and ministered to each other's ferocious and
insatiate lusts and appetites from the open-
ing to the close of the dreadful conflict. I
stand prepared to sustain these statements. I
am fully aware of my responsibility in making
them ; but knowing as I do the facts as re-
corded in the archives of the Government, I
here solemnly assert and shall prove that a vast
proportion of the public debt as it is stated
upon paper has no existence whatever in real-
ity ; that it is a fiction created by unjust and
scandalous legislation, or the still more unjust
and scandalousperversiijn of the true contract;
that it is a fraud fastened upon the labor of the
nation utterly without consideration cither legal
or moral; that it is a sheer and naked extor-
tion from the wants, the necessities, the help-
lessness of the people and the armies when
they were wholly at the mercy of capital. I
have made my calculations, and made them
safely. I have underestimated the wrongs of
the people and the enormous advantages of the
bondholder rather than overestimated them.
I desire those who receive my statements as
authority to feel amply secure from successful
contradiction. I wish to enable them to chal-
lenge denial everywhere, as I do here.
The first step in the creation of the present
interest-bearing bonded debt was taken by
the Government in 1862. In that year there
were issued bonds amounting to $60,982,450,
bearing six per cent, interest and due in twenty
years from date. The average price of gold
at that time, as given by high authority, was
138J in currency. At this rate the purchasers
of this first sale of over sixty millions of bonds
paid for them only $44,030,649 in gold. It is
now demanded that they shall be paid in gold
at their face, and not according to their consid-
eration. If this shall be a one the bondholder in
this comparatively small transaction will receive
$16,951,801 more than he paid to the Govern-
ment. This is a bonus, a gift, absolutely so
much out of the pockets of the tax-payers for
nothing at all in return. But the obligation
as now construed stops not here. On this
bonus, not one dollar of which the Govern-
ment ever received, interest has already been
paid to the amount of $6,102,654, and the
interest yet to accrue on this fictitious claim
will reach the sum of $14,209,526 when it
falls due. The account, therefore, in 1862
stands as follows:
Amount of bonds sold 
Amount paid for them  44,030,649
Amount of bonus, clear gain to the bond-
holder  16,951,801
Interest aVready paid on bonus  6,102,654
Interest yet to be paid on bonus   14>zo-'<ozo
Amount paid and yet due the bondholder
for which ho never paid a ccnt 
Thus it will be seen beyond cavil or question
that upon au investment of a little over forty-
four million dollars the traffickers in national
bonds obtained the obligations of the Govern-
ment for over thirty-seven million dollars, not
one dollar of which ever left their coffers or
ever found its way into the vaults of the Treas-
ury. I am treating now simply of that which
is clear gain. I leave out of view their bonds
for which they paid. I shall in this connection
discuss those only for which they did not pay:
I shall separate the fraud from the reality ; 1
shall draw its startling outlines so that all men
may hereafter behold it and know their rights.
During the year of 1S03 the records show
that the Government issued its bonds again to
the amount of $160,987,550. Estimating the
price of gold at 158 in currency, which will be
found too low instead of too high, it will be
seen that those who bought this issue of bonds
paid to the Government only the sum of
$101,890,854, being the vast sum of $59,096,-
696 less than their face at which they are now
held' over the bended shoulders of wreary and
over-taxed industry. This was the original dis-
count—the brokers shave in the beginning.
The amouttt nominated in the bonds is unreal
and imaginary and represents only the grasp
of remorseless creditors. But this bonus of over
fifty-nine millions by which we procured the ac-
commodation of capital in our days of distress
bears also its six per cent, interest; and enables
the usurer literally to reap his annual golden
harvests where he has sown no seed. The people
have already paid upon it as interest in gold
the sum of $17,729,010. This is interest paid
upon money never received' and which the.
people do not owe. The amotmt still to be
paid as interest upon this fraudulent bonus by
the time this issue of bonds mature is $53,-
187,030. Remember that the bonus itself being
placed in the face of the bonds without con-
sideration, all interest arising from it is like-
wise a spurious extortion. The transactions
of 1863 then sum up in the following striking
light:
Amount of bonds issued 1160,987,550
Amountpaidforthem  101,89(^854
Amountof bonus      59,096,696
Interest already paid on bonus  17,729,010
Interest yet to be paid on bonus  53,187,030
Amount paid and yet duo the bondholder
for which he has paid nothing at all $130,012,136
Here is demonstration which boldly defies
all assailants that the bondholder to-day has
in his possession the obligations of the Ameri-
can people to pay him over one hundred and
thirty million dollars in gold, growing out of
the operations of a single year, not one cent of
which did he ever advance or expend in their
behalf. He paid into the Treasury one hun-
dred and one millions and a fraction over, as I
have shown. This he of courso receives back
again with its six per cent, interest, but the
unbearable injustice lies in the additional
$59,000,000; the bonus and the interest
thereon, all of which is something for nothing.
If the laboring masses of this free land are.
willing to endure such a system of wrong, of
plunder, and of wickedness, then indeed may
they well crouch down, like Issachar of old,
between heavy burdens and at the bidding of
privileged masters.
In 1864 there were issued $381,292,250 worth
of bonds, so far as their face disclosed their
value. The price of gold during that year was
at an average of 201 in currency. Here we
find that the sale of these bonds realized to the
Government the sum of $189,697,636—-less
than one half of their nominal amount. The
sum charged by the bondholder for the advance-
ment and loan of something over one hundred
and eighty-nine millions was the fearful bonus
of $191,594',614.
Figures are the faithful witnesses of truth,
and I submit them here to reveal oppression
and to produce reform and justice. On no
other subject did they ever speak with a more
potent voice; in no other ago did they ever
bring to light a blacker phase of the avaricious
nature of man. Nearly two hundred millions
are here shown to be an absolute gratuity, and
the interest which up to this time has been
wrung from tax-payers and applied upon this
enormous donation to avarice reaches the sum
of $45,982,708. The usury yet to be paid upon
it as interest on money never received by the
Government amounts to $183,930,832. The
result of financial operations in 1864, therefore,
stands as follows:
Amount of bonds issued 
Amount paid for them  189,bJ7,t)36
Amount of bonus.....   
Interest already paid on bonus  4d,9s2,703
Interest yet to bo paid on bonus  lM, 30,8o/
Amount paid and yet to be paid for which
Four hundred and twenty-one millions five
