860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January^ IB;
dens; who were treading soft carpets, reclining
upon couches of down, and banqueting upon
smiles and wine during the last fiscal year,
while from the sweat of the laborer's brow,
alone and unaided, flowed the following streams
of Federal expenditure:
Civil service and miscellaneous  $56,474,061 53
Pensions and Indians  35,519,544 84
War Department   78,501,990 61
Navy Department  20,000,757 97
Interest on public debt.....  130,694,242 80
Premium of seven-thirty United States
Treasury notes  300,000 00
Total, exclusive of loans $321,490,597 75
Am I told that the bondholder pays a tax
on his income? If every dollar is collected
which is due by law it will not amount to the
trifling sum of $7,000,000 a year. The entire
tax on all the incomes and salaries of the
United States together, according to the report
of the Commissioner of Internal Bevenue, is
only $34,791,856. Of this sum the bondholder
has paid not over the pitiful sum of $3,000,000
as his miserable contribution toward a reve-
nue of over $600,000,000 raised by the uni-
versal exertions of the people. Every other in-
come is assessed as well, and everything else in
the land besides. It is now said in many quar-
tet's that even this contemptible levy upon the
bonds should be abolished. Not so. Let it
stand. Not for its value, but to illustrate
human meanness; not that it constitutes a
single drop in the great ocean of revenue
drawn from the busy hands of labor, but for
the purpose of showing how despicable the
rich man's mite appears in the contrast; not
that it amounts to more than a miserly and
imperceptible atom in the gigantic general
account, but for the purpose of proving by
this beggarly exception the disgraceful truth
that the rich owner of bonds is substantially
free from taxation, as the law declares him
to be.
Fortunately it is not difficult to demonstrate
how much the public Treasury has lost, and,
correspondingly, how much the burdens of the
people have been increased by this exemption
of the bondholder from the common duty of
assisting to defray the expenses of his Govern-
ment. In order to raise the $600,000,000
necessary for county, State, and national pur-
poses no one will dispute that the assessments
are over .two per cent.—two dollars on the
hundred, in the familiar language of the farmer.
Taking the entire taxable property of the
country as a basis of calculation, and two per
cent, upon it all will not yield the revenue
which is annually collected. But assuming
safely that low rate, we find that our bonded
debt, which the Secretary of the Treasury a
few evenings since in a public address stated
at $2,100,000,000, escapes annually a just tax,
according to the load imposed upon other
property, of $42,000,000. If we seek the aver-
age time that this privilege has been running
it will be determined at about five years. The.
loss thus sustained in these five years by the
Treasury in taxes withheld by the bondholding
class, and necessarily made up by the labor-
ing class, swells, by the simpiestrules of arith-
metic, into the immense sum of $210,000,000.
This amount, therefore, may also be added to
that long and heavy column of clear gain and
profit on the purchase of the bonds which I have
alreadyportrayed. Whenproperty is withdrawn
from the support of the Government which
affords it protection its value is increased ex-
actly to the extent of the burdens which it
escapes. Thus the bondholder widens the
margin of his riches by every dollar of taxes
which he ought to pay but which is given to him
by an iniquitous and unrighteous law. I know
not how much will be borne by the laboring
interests of this country; but if this dark and
overshadowing crime embraced in our present
financial policy shall long be^ tolerated, then
let the laboring man of America welcome his
slavery in name as he will have already done
in reality.
But there is yet one more provision of law
closely incident to the creation ofthe public debt
which claims a conspicuous place in this review
of wrongs and evils. The bonus, the usury, the
freedom from taxation were not content with
their powerful triumvirate of unholy specula-
tion until they added to it the privilege of bank-
ing by the bondholder on his bonds. Bonds
for which fifty cents on the dollar has been
paid, which bear a usurious interest of six
per cent, in gold, and escape all burdens, are
made the basis of a circulating medium, which
again in turn pours its deep and swift streams
of naked profit into the laps of their owners.
There are at this moment lying in the vaults
of the Treasury in this city $339,480,100 worth
of the bondholders' cheaply procured posses-
sions. They are there as security for the cir-
culation of a little more than three hundred
millions of currency. They pay no taxes, and
yield an annual golden interest of $20,368,806,
which are taken directly from the pockets of
the people and placed directly in the pock-
ets of the banking bondholders. Upon the
$300,000,000 circulation issued on these bonds
bankers realize at the lowest estimate ten per
cent, in gold on their loans. Their deposits
may safely be reckoned equal to their issues
and the profits on them at least six per cent,
in gold. The account, therefore, of the bond-
holding banker with the people of the United
States, at its best face, may be stated as follows:
The cost of $339,480,100 of bonds now on file in the
Treasury IJcpartment at fifty cents on the dol-
lar $169,740,050
On this actual investment he is authorized
to issue circulation    300,000,000
Ten per cent, profit on circulation  30,000,000
Amount of deposits  300,000,000
Bix per cent, profit on deposits  18,000,000
Annual interest on the bonds in the Treas-
ury  20,368,806
Annual exemption from taxes  6,789,b02
Add together the profits on circulation and
deposits, the interest on the bonds, and the
taxes saved, and the plainest mind in the land
will perceive that the banking wealth of the
country is realizing the enormous annual gain
of $75,158,408 upon an original investment of
less than one hundred and seventy million dol-
lars. This is the crushing payment made by
the people to a privileged class in order to
obtain a circulating medium from their Gov-
ernment with which to carry on the trade and
business of life.
I call upon the people of all parties and creeds
to sift and weigh my statements. I assail a sys-
tem, not individuals. I attack the principle and
not the men engaged in banking. If any page
of the world1 s financial history has hitherto been
blurred and stained by an outrage of such hide-
ous proportions as this my eyes have failed to
discover it and my ears have not heard its damn-
ing story. Nor has any living monarchy of
to-day, in all the four quarters of the earth, a
rank of nobility, its haughtiest audits loftiest,
which so wantonly preys upon the industrial
masses and so ravages their work-shops, their
vineyards, and their corn-fields as this privi-
leged class whose daily doings are in our midst.
There is not a dukedom in England whose
grants from the Crown are so rich as the dona-
tions made by the present American policy to
the bondholders. There is not an earldom
whose franchises are as great as the American'
bankers. The new nobles of France under
the present empire acquired unbounded for-
tunes from the ruins of the Bourbons not so
easily nor so suddenly as the favorites of legis-
lation have here achieved by the oppression
of labor.
Sir, I have thus far carried and considered
the manner in which the debt ot the nation
was created and the system of wonderful and
amazing injustice which has sprung up from
the laws upon which it is founded. The paint-
ing has been but feeble and unworthy of the
great theme, but the picture ih nevertheless
repulsive and revolting, because it has been
drawn with fidelity to the facts. It presents a
sinister and shocking aspect to the tax-payer.
It stands revealed as a baleful.monster. The
sight, of it extorts a-desperate cry for relief.
It cannot and will not be borne; but shall we
therefore attempt to build the eity of our refuge
from this-distress uponthe shifting quicksands
of repudiation#. Mighty wrongs ana the gall-
ing sense of extreme injustice have-driven many
honest minds Jo embrace this fearful doctrine,
and much more may yet follow with the same
disastrous tendency; -The issue is in the hands
of the party in power, I am not for repudia-
tion. I see in it neither safety or honor.
The party of which I am a member has always
gloried in its obedience to constitutions, to
laws, and to contracts. We were not in favor
of repudiating one half of the pay of the sol-
dier and sailor, when it was done during the
war, by compelling them to take depreciated
paper instead of the contract price for their per-
ilous services. Our record has no tarnish such
as blights and mildews that of the majority of
this House. If repudiation shall hereafter
come, to dishonor our name at home and
abroad, it will be because the now dominant
party continuously and persistently enables the
creditor class, the bondholding monopoly, to
violate their part of the contract and to plunder
the people to an unbearable extent. There
are two contracting parties on this subject.
I implore you who on this floor represent the
bondholder's vast pretensions to advise him to
stay within the bounds of the law. Tell him
that the advantages which the law actually
gives him are so stupendous that the people
will not suffer him to break over it in order to
obtain more. Tell him to keep his part of the
compact with scrupulous faith. Tell him that
if he releases himself from its obligations he
also releases the other party. Say to him that
this is a settled rule of law in all the courts of
the world. Say to him that they who enforce
contracts must first fulfill contracts ; that if he
repudiates the restraints of the law it will not
then be repudiation for the tax-payer to refuse
obedience ; that his default will cure the defal-
cation of the other party ; and that if he con-
tinues to overleap the legal barriers which
surround him the people will at last arise and
drive him out as they would a marauding wolf
from amid their folds and flocks. Tell him
all these things in order that he may do his
duty in sustaining the public credit and in
averting this calamity. Cease your lectures to
this side of the Chamber and turn your labors
to that quarter where repudiation has already
commenced. The people are true; it is cap-
ital that is faithless. The people are sincere
and generous; it is privileged wealth that is
selfish and unscrupulous. The honor of the
country may be preserved, but it must be done
by both parties to the covenant and not by one
alone.
Sir, holding as I do that the people are will-
ing to abide by their actual obligations, to
make an honest settlement with their credit-
ors, and to pay every dollar that they justly
owe, it is very obvious that there remains still
a great and fundamental question to be con-
sidered. It remains, for the purposes of my
argument, to ascertain clearly and distinctly
what the contract is and where its true inter-
pretation places the rights of parties under it.
There are great evils connected with it when
justly interpreted, but the worst of those which
I have pointed out arise from its false con-
struction by that political party which now
controls public affairs. I propose to try that
pernicious construction by the correct law of
the case.
There are four different plans for the pay-
ment of the pubMc debt now in the minds of
men. The first and prime favorite with the
bondholding capitalist is the present system.
He wishes no change at all. His exact views
were reflected in the inaugural of the Execu-
tive on the 4th day of last March. The pay-
ment of the debt in coin, with no reduction of
interest or departure from the policy hitherto
prevailing, was then declared to bo the chief
