862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
with joy and relief, and at the end of that
period the debt would be reduced to less than
five hundred million dollars. An annual inter-
est of over a hundred million dollars in gold
will cease to drain and impoverish the people.
Three fourths of the debt would be paid, and the
balance can be encountered with hope and
without systematic oppression.
Am I met by the cry of inflation? - There is
not a business man in the land who does not
know that contraction is now ruining and crush-
ing every active and legitimate interest. The
voice of distress is heard in every quarter.
From the West there comes an appeal for an
increase of the circulating medium, strong and
universal and rising high above the confines of
party organizations. The people are oppressed,
borne to the earth, and there is a clamor for
relief. The wants of the country, the demands
of trade, will carry $1,000,000,000 of a circu-
lation, not only without injury but with pos-
itive blessings to all classes of business and
industry. This is an increase of $300,000,000
over the present volume. Let the people have
thisiiicrease by issuing currency forthat amount
of bonds, and their taxes will commence dimin-
ishing and the prices of their commodities will
go up. The necessity for this large volume of cir-
culation is apparent in our growing and swell-
ing population. The vast enterprises which are
opening up and redeeming the mighty realms
which lie between the waters of the Mississippi
and the Pacific ocean ; the great and valuable
staple products of the West and South, as well
as the gigantic commerce of the northern lakes
and the sea-boards of the East; the corn, the
wheat, the cotton, the rice, the sugar, the
tobacco, the hogs, the mules, and Ae cattle on
thrice ten thousand hills, and all the other
myriad productions of agricultural labor will
absorb in the coming fifteen years an issue
of currency sufficient to liquidate the five-
twenty bonds. Railroads and steamboats will
lift up their giant heads to welcome the refresh-
ing stream. Employment would flow in upon
those who now seek labor in vain. House-
holds would smile with plenty which are now
pimng in want. The toiling millions would
have money as well as the untaxed masters of
opulence, idleness, andill-gotten treasure. The
States that lie in the embraces of the Missis-
sippi and its tributaries, from the far-off upper
regions of snow down to the yellow groves of
the orange, would have a circulating medium
for their people as well as the more favored
States that lie on the northern coast of the
Atlantic. And, above all other blessings, the
people would emerge from the shackles of debt
no part of which is now being paid. The loud
pretensions of the Administration on that point
can best be met by a single statement which is
proven by the record. The interest-bearing
debt when the last Administration closed was
$2,049,975,700. The Secretary of the Treasury
stated it a few days ago to be now $2,100,000,-
000; an increase of $50,024,300. This is a
stub born fact. While taxation is mountain
high the debt is actually rising higher.
Sir, I plead to-day for a plan to change all
this. I plead for it as the law of the contract,
and as even more than a just remuneration to
the bondholder for his advancements. I plead
for it in the interest of the laborer, whose debt
it will pay and whose appalling taxes it will at
once reduce. I plead for it in the name of
every maimed and wounded soldier on your
pension-rolls, the price of whose flesh and blood
you pay in discounted currency, while you
pay the speculator in gold. I plead for it in
the name of every widow and orphan made by
the war, the purchase of whose tears and
broken hearts you provide for in depreciated
paper. I plead for it in the sacred name of
eternal justice, which now lies mangled and
outraged by the present flagitious policy. 1
plead for it finally in behalf of all the mighty
interests of the country, whose languishing
energies it would revive, whose drooping trade
it would restore, whose fainting industries it
would imbue with new life.
Mr. CONGER obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Conger] yield to me to make
a suggestion ?
Mr. CONGER. I will hear it.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Williams] in front of me is desirous of
addressing the Committee of the Whole upon
a subject not germane to this bill. He is anx-
ious, therefore, that I should move that this
committee now rise in order that the House
may afterward go into Committee of the Whole
on the President's annual message, where more
latitude of debate is allowed.
Mr. CONGER. I do not yield for that pur-
pose. I prefer to go on at present with the
remarks 1 have to make.
Mr. DAWES. Very well; the gentleman
is entitled to the floor, and of course will yield
or not as he pleases.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, I am not
yet accustomed to the routine of the business
of the House ; I am unskilled in the direct and
indirect modes of attack or defense by which
measures and men are here killed or brought
to life; I am uncertain how far long-continued
parliamentary usage will be held to establish
the proposition that any measure before the
House and the country, whether good or bad,
desirable or undesirable, must hinge for suc-
cess or defeat upon personalities, invective,
denunciation, or even upon mere partisan influ-
ences ; hut, sir, I do know that outside of
this House among the people of our land, who
sent you and me and every gentleman of the
House to these high places of trust, whether
we come from the clear lakes of the North or
the tropic clime of the Gulf, whether we live
where the sun first greets us at his early rising
in the eastern flood, or where he appears to us
in the successive hours of his triumphal march
from ocean to ocean across this many-peopled
continent, I do know that from this mighty
people a voice which will bo heard above
partisan strife, above personal rancor, above
individual rivalry, is saying to us all, "Legis-
late for the good of the uation; make laws
for the Republic; bear in mind both our debt
and our destiny ; avoid extravagance and par-
simony."
Sir, the nation may die from a wasted inherit-
ance ; it may perish from miserly restriction.
Its fate is equally pitiable whether it be to
waste away by extravagance and profusion or
idly "to lie in cold obstruction and to rot."
What is the true rule of expenditure ? " The
necessity and welfare of the Republic.'' Around
that proposition statesmanship can safely rally
its energies, patriotism gather its sympathies,
and men of all parties unite. What measure
of expenditure does the best welfare of the
Republic demand to-day? That is the specific
interrogation which in the discharge of our
solemn trust each must answer for himself.
Some gentleman complains that our expend-
iture is greater than in the time of Washington;
another grieves that it exceeds the amount of
thirty years ago; and still another that the
wants of the Republic are greater to-day than
in the sleepy-hollow paradise of Buchanan.
And still, Mr. Chairman, the only question for
us to decide is, what amount of expenditure
does the best welfare of the Commonwealth
demand to-day? It is for me no answer to
this inquiry that the estimates and appropria-
tions of Johnson's administration were more
or less, were too high or too low, were right
or wrong. I am not satisfied to learn from
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions that this Administration asks more or less
than any former one. What does the Republic
demand to-day? It is no answer to weigh the
estimates of this Administration with that of
any other. It does not prove this right and
the other wrong, nor contrariwise.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] assumed to impeach the Executive of
wrong by a comparison of estimates, by a
balance-sheet of appropriations, by a footing
up of figures, and by a figure of rhetoric !
Did he assert at all to. this House or to the
country that the estimates were wrong, were
unnecessary, were extravagant?
Nor: does, another distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] in his earn-
est defense of the Executive and the Admin-
istration, plant himself upon the broad defense
that these estimates are such as the necessity
and welfare of the Republic demands to-day.
That is the vital question ; and I tell gentle-
men on this floor that if enlarged statesman-
ship and far-seeing wisdom shall answer that
question affirmatively all these attacks, direct
and indirect, upon the hero of scores of battle-
fields, the conqueror of rebellion, the regen-
erator of States, the calm upright man of
destiny and of the people's choice, will return
to plague their inventors 1
Sir, whatever politicians may say the people
will still cling with brotherly devotion to this
man who came out of their midst, who has
shared their poverty and their toil and their
honest labor of life. He stands to-day the rep-
resentative of the commonality of America,
the gift of her free institutions. He was called
from his obscure home to bear the banner of
victory before our battling legions—" a cloud
of shelter by day and a pillar of fire by night''
through all those terrible days of darkness and
death. Will this people forsake him to day?
Will the calm majesty of the nation tremble
and flee from his side because the heathen rage
and their leaders imagine a vain thing? Is
our President to perish because of comparative
statements ; of the quarrels of his friends or
the mournful reiterations of his enemies ? No,
Mr. Chairman; the President is not yet for-
saken of his friends, nor is he captured by the
Philistines, or grinding for his enemies in the
temple of Dagon. If it were so I would warn
his captors not to cause him to be brought into
their temple to make sport before them, lest
the stroug man should bow himself to the
pillars and they, too, perish in the ruins.
Mr. Chairman, I yield to no gentleman of
this House in my earnest desire to reduce tax-
ation, to lessen expenditure, to relieve labor
and industry of its burdens, to avoid all and
every unneccessary expense, to pay the public
debt, to furnish currency for the business of
the country, and to restore that currency as
soon as may be to its real value. The people
1 have the honor to represent demand and
shall ever have my zealous labor to that end;
and I will not knowingly, either for them or
others, give my voteor influence to any meas-
ure involving the expenditure of money from
the Treasury unless I believe that the neces-
sity and welfare of the Commonwealth demand
it at the time.
By that rule I propose to act, under that
flag will I fight, and thus acting my people
will sustain me. For the welfare of the nation
they will endure taxation as they have already
endured the terrors of battle, the loss of friends,
the terrible deprivations of war. For the wel-
fare of the Republic they will still submit to
the inquisition of the tax-gatherer. They will
still be curtailed of the comforts of life. They
will yield all to the stern requirements of duty
or the loftier dictates of patriotism. But they
will be assured that the expenditure is neces-
j sary, is proper, is right. They will know that
i each appropriation rests upon its own merits.
They will care less what appropriations or what
expenditure may have been made in the days
gone by, whether too great or too small. The
errors, the extravagance, thesins, even the trea-
son of the past can be forgiven if not forgotten—
remembered for their solemn lessons ofwarning,
but suffered to withdraw from our actual vision;
and even in the presence of the sorrowing and
! bereaved living will "the dead past be permit-
ted to bury its dead," Butforthe present and
