THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
for the future the people and the country will |
demand of this Administration, of this Con- i
gress. of this House, and of every Representa-
tive that the rule of expenditure shall be no
toore no less than the actual necessity and wel-
fare of the Commonwealth requires. Let us
heed the demand.
■s .If the people believe that either an expend-
iture or a system requiring expenditure is
burdensome under the present condition of
the country they will demand that it be re-
moved. In that view they demanded the abo-
lition of the franking privilege, or rather I
should say they demanded the abolition of its j
abuses; and in reply to that demand this
House yesterday by an overwhelming majority
voted, not for the abolition of the franking
-privilege which the people demanded, but for
cutting off all free delivery of mail matter of
every name, nature, and description. Sir, the
people did not demand that there should not
be a free exchange of newspapers and period-
icals without postage. The people did not
demand that our country newspapers should
be deprived of free delivery within the county
■where they were published. They did not
;deroand that this paramount protection of the
country press against the rivalry and over-
whelming diffusion of the great ccntral news-
papers should be abolished. Nor did the peo-
ple demand that their sacred ''right of peti-
tion" should be trammeled by the inquisition
of postmasters or the adhesiveness of stamps.
Heretofore, sir, the petition of the people from
the most remote hamlet in the land, from the
pine forests of Maine or the rttnche of the llio
Grande, from the sand-hillers of Carolina, or
the Aleut" who roamed on Oonalaska's shore,''
came free to this Hall under the rules of the
House, the universal asseut of the nation, and
the organic laws of the land.
Yesterday I sought to preserve these privi-
leges from the effects of the bill introduced by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads by offering an amendment to the bill
as follows:
"Mr. Congee. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment?
"Mr. Farsswokth. For what purpose
" Mr. Conger. I want to offer an amendment.
"Mr. Faknswoetii. I cannot yield for that pur-
"Mr. CoxGI'.n. I want to move to amend the first
section of this bill by adding to it tlie following:
"Provided, Thatsuch repeal shall not prevent the
delivery of newspapers free of postage within tne
counties within which they are published, or the
free delivery of petitions from the people to ton-
srress. , .
"Mr. Ingersoll. That is right; that is m the
line of the proposition I made.
"Mr. Lawrevce. I think thatisngnt. I want to
vote for that amendment.
•• Mr. Kelsey. I object to that amendment.
But this House refused to consider it. Sir,
these rights are no part of the franking priv-
ilege which the people sought to abolish ; ^hey
are not even named in their petitions, llie
petitions are explicit in their statements that
the abuses of the franking privilege require its
abolition that the people may have "reduced
postage charges and enlarged mail accommo-
dations;" not enlarged postage charges and
reduced mail accommodations, as that bill will
require in the particulars to which I have
referred.
Mr. Chairman, the people s petition was
drawn up with marvelous care. They express,
all of them—for the voice of an aroused people
comes to us with no uncertain sound, no great
diversity of expression even they express, sir,
the wish of the people for reform, not destruc-
tion. This is the demand of the people :
abolition 0? the fltan'king privilege.
To the Senate and Hume of RepretmUtthes
of the United Mates of America.
The petition of the undersigned, citizens of llf , *
respectfully represent: thatUieaDusescl tiie iiaiik
ing privilege" and fiauos incident tkei°to j1"!
assumed such enormous P10^'10^8, 11riifs
abolition has become a necessity. It loads the mails
with hundredsof tons o( matter propcrij chargeable
with postage, greatly increasing their we sht, asit
bulk and cost of transportation, and in
retarding the transmission and delivuy of legitimate
correspondence. It is a special privilege the benefits
of which accrue to the lavorcd few at the expense
of the many. It has been the fruitful cause of the
large deficiency charged upon the national Treas-
ury for the support ot the Post Office Department,
amounting to millions of dollars annually. It has
seriously impaired the usefulness and efficiency of
the postal service in meeting the just expectations
and increasing wants of the people in respect to re-
duced postage charges and enlarged mail acoinmo-
dations. Tor these and other reasons which might
be urged yoijr petitioners humbly pray that your
honorable bodies will pass a law abolishing the
franking privilege; and, as in duty bound, they will
ever pray, &c.
And these sweeping conditions of the bill as
passed by this House :
"The bill was read at length. The first section
provides that all laws and parts of laws giving the
right to any officer 01- Department of the Govern-
ment or other person to either send or receive through
the United States mails free of charge any letter, doc-
ument, or other mailable matter, arcliereby repealed.
The sceond section provides that this act shall take
effect from and after the first day of July, 1870."
Which abolishes not only the franking priv-
ilege which the people demand, but also the
cheap postage charges which they desire. Sir,
I sought to amend this bill to make it conform
to the wishes of the petitioners, and failing in
that I voted for the bill, because among other
things it contained what the people required.
But, sir, I shall be much surprised if the coun-
try does not yet demand that the provisions of
my amendment shall become the law of the
land once more.
Now, sir, in regard to the bill before^ the
committee. Are these estimates too high?
Let them be reduced. Are they too low? Let
them be increased. Does our civil service
system need reorganization either for economy
or for efficiency ? Why not grapple the ques-
tion like earnest men, and for once laying aside
the partisan emulate the patriotism of other
days and remodel the machinery of the Gov-
ernment? Sir, the time has come when a great
people, awakened to a knowledge of their
immeasurable strength by the developed an-
tagonism of fierce conflict, will no longer sub-
mit either to flattery or threats. They will not
permit either their rights 01* their destiny to
become frittered away either in these Halls or
by a foreign Power. And, sir, he who gains a
victory over the rights of the people; who
wastes the heritage of the nation, whether by
fraud, chicanery, or partisan ascendency, in-
stead of winning the spoils of victory, shall yet
see himself—
"The desolator desolate,
The victor overthrown;
The arbiter of others' fate
A suppliant for his own.'
I now yield twenty minutes of the remainder
of my hour to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Buti.ek.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Slassachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, upon any other topic and under any other
circumstances, after having trespassed so long
upon the patience of the committee, I should
not feel myself authorized to say a word more.
If I had spoken upon this question of the esti-
mates and appropriations of the Government
from any personal thought or from any personal
feeling 1 certainly would forever after hold my
peace.
But I spoke the other day, and now let me
add a few words of reply, in behalf of the
Republican party and of the Republican Ad-
ministration, to what my learned colleague
[Mr. Dawes] said yesterday, for I think this
discussion is of the utmost consequence to that
Administration. It can stand the assaults just
made upon it by the eloquent gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,] in the beautiful
phrases with which he has interested^ us ; _ but it
cannot stand an assault coining from its friends,
who will not permit them to be answered, but
startle us again with their reiteration.
Mark, sir, that I have never used, and never
mean to use, a single word of arraignment of
the motives of my colleague. So far f rom doing
so I used many words of explanation, many
words of apology, accounting as well as I could
without ascribing any wrong motives for lus
actions in this behalf, which seemed to me to
be anomalous. I call the attention of the House
and of the country to the fact that in his speech
of yesterday in reply to me he controverted no
word, no figure, no calculation, and no esti-
mate that I submitted the day before with a sin-
gle exception, and that was as to the $4,500,000
of error, over and above the error of $7,000,000
which he admitted was in the estimate of the
Post OfBce Department, which was one of the
principal grouuds of his charge of extravagance.
Now let me give to the country once again,
unincumbered by other figures, this item, so
that it cannot be misunderstood. In estimat-
ing for the amount necessary to carry on the
Post Office Department for a year the whole
amount of expenditures is first estimated for.
Then the amount of revenues were estimated
and deducted from the estimated expenditures.
By this method the amount necessary to make up
the difference between revenues and expend-
itures was found to be$4,500,000. But when
that estimate was sent out the clerk,- in making
it up, apparently not understanding that this
amount was only a result, added that to the
amount estimated as necessary to carry on the
Department. But he did it with great impar-
tiality ; becausehe did the samethiog in regard
to the estimates of the Postmaster General of
last year. Last year he made the. Postmas-
ter General ask for $30,000,000 instead of
$24,000,000, by adding in $6,000,000 deficiency
of that year, precisely as he makes the Postmas-
ter General call this year for $4,500,000 more
than he has estimated for by the same addition.
So that I still insist that the book of estimates
is wrong to the amount of nearly twelve million
dollars in the Post Office Department alone.
The whole speech of my colleague on yester-
day was to prove that he had read accurately
the figures in this book of estimates. Nobody
ever denied that he had done so; certainly I
never did. He read them with great accuracy
when he spoke at first; he read them with equal
accuracy yesterday; and so the figures, being the
same and reading alike, agree in each speech.
Holding the floor with the iron hand of power
he shut out everything like a word of explana-
tion from anybody. At first I thought it was
011 account of personal feeling toward myself;
but when my other colleague, [Mr. Hoar,]
with that courtesy that distinguishes him 011
all occasions, asked for an opportunity to put
, in a word of explanation in behalf of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, apparently to show that
he had not misled the House by sending in two
estimates, I was pained to find that even that
apology was stifled in order that wrong state-
ments might go out to the country, reiterated
in the speech of the chairman of the commit-
tee, so as to fasten, if possible, a^ charge of
extravagance on his own former friend.
Therefore the complaint I have to make
against my colleague is that he read too accu-
rately this book of estimates. Ho read it to
the country ; all its typographical and clerical
I errors, mistakes, and blunders. He put forth
all these uncorrected figures, which he knew,
or ought to have known, were erroneous, not
one of which while he held thefleor would he
sutler to be corrected, as a true statement of
the estimated expenditures of this Adminis-
tration in order to fasten upon it an attempt
to deceive the people by false professions of
economy. I complain, indeed, ot histoogreat
literalnessin adoptingall errors as his weapons;
and as he read I thought of the old maxim,
tScerit in litera, hcerit in cortice—he who sticks
'n the letter sticks in the bark. There is the
unfairness of his speech. The great question
for him to answer to his party and the country
is, why dia he read these errors and mistakes
at all and found on them charges against the
Administration? Why, sir, it is most remark-
able that even his compliment to the learned
Attorney General for making his estimates
lower than the appropriations for thatDepart-
ment for the preceding year turns out to
founded on another clerx#al blunder. I he
