864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Attorney General has not in fact sent in any
lower estimates than the appropriations that
were made for his- predecessor.- • Both are
exactly the same. And I complain again that
when yesterday morning, in the committee-
room and elsewhere, the fact of this clerical
error in that estimate being called to his atten-
tion, my colleague would neither make the
correction himself daring his speech, but re-
read it, error and all; nor would he allow any-
body else to make the correction.
I declare such a course toward even an un-
friendly Administration is not just. It is one
of the arts of a special pleader or an advocate,
not the equitable utterances of a statesman;
it is the resource relied upon to make the best
out of a bad case, instead of presentation from a
high statesman-like plan of the great built-up
questions of the public expenditures of the
country.
Sir, I never was more struck in my life with
the difference -that may be made by the mode
of presenting a case than in comparing the
declaration of my colleague in his first speech,
when he cried out to the House, "We can hope
for no aid in economy of administration from
the other end of the avenue," and his descrip-
tion which -the necessities of his case wrung
from him yesterday. He now tells us that he
called upon the President of the United States,
taking under his arm this book of estimates
which had been his companion for six weeks.
Let me remark, in passing, although it had been
his companion for six weeks he had not found
in that time a single one of the blunders in
figures it contained, although those errors were
to the amount of $11,000,000; the blunder in one
case making against the Administration and
in another for his friend the Attorney General,
both of which he used to make out his case in
his first speech. If he had said that he had
slept with this book under his arm for six weeks
I should have understood the matter; but that
he had not examined it even once in six weeks
is evident from the fact that he is now obliged
to admit that he had overlooked these errors,
or, to take the fatal horn of the dilemma, that
knowing these errors he willfully concealed
them in order to charge the other end of the
avenue with profligacy and extravagance of
administration.
Now, with that book of estimates under his
arm he was advised to go to the President him-
self, and went; "and I laid these estimates
and balances before him." Now, what does
my colleague say was the answer, ''so like
him," "so true to himself?" I use his own
phrase. My colleague says :
"Were I to state the simple truth of what passed
between myself and him, so like him, so true to him-
self, it would be a bettor vindication of him and of
me than anything that can be said. Ho talked of
economy; he said that his influence should be ex-
erted to bring down these estimates. lie said that
lie had made a personal examination of the estimates
of the War Department; ho knew the estimates of
that Department better than others, and he thought
that the estimates for that Department were cut
down as low as they could be. After that statement
from a man whose polar star in the administration
of affairs is economy, I did not think it worth while
to appeal from him to the Secretary."
Who has ever prevented my colleague from
telling the simple truth about that interview?
I assure him it would have been much better
than anything he did say when he made his
first speech. Why did he not put before the
country what " that man " so true to himself,
whose polar star was economy, said, instead
of putting forward erroneous figures and false
estimates with a charge that no aid in favor o$
economy could be expected at the President's
end of the avenue, to the disgrace of the Pres-
dent and the dishonor of his administration ?
Why did he not tell to the country that simple
story of the manner in which the Executive
of the nation met the leaders of his adminis-
tration in the House of Representatives, offer-
ing to go hand in hand with him in economy
of the people's money on that day, instead of
reading those erroneous figures carelessly
made up by clerks in bureaus ? Why did he
not tell the country that the President said in
substance, ''I do not know about the other
Departments, but the War Department I do
know about. I myself went to that Depart-
ment and corrected its estimates and brought
them do^nto the lowest figure. I have brought
them down as low as I can." And in fact any
man who .will look at the estimates of the War
Department will find that after J;he original
estimates had been made two or three mil-
lions were deducted in different sums and at
different places. If my colleague had given
us in the first place this statement of what the
President had said about his endeavors to
reduce the estimates, and that his "polar star
was economy," and that he was satisfied the
estimates of the War Department as revised
are exactly as they should be; that he never
called on the Secretary of War about them,
my colleague never would have heard one
word from me in reply to his speech,whatever
he might have said about the estimates. With
that interview, so well described, between the
chairman of the Committee of Appropriations
and the President the country would have
been satisfied that whatever the estimates might
be the expenditure would be all right, and my
colleague might have battered away at the
estimates as long as he chose.
Had my colleague let the country understand
that the President's attention had been drawn
to the matter, and that with reference to the War
Department he had done all that he could do
to secure the lowest possible reduction of the
estimates, the country would have held the
Republican party and the Administration en-
tirely excusable for any blunders, errors, or
inadvertencies in the estimates of clerks. If
my colleague meant to act a friendly part
toward the Administration why did he not tell
us at first, as he tells now, the story of his in-
terview with the President, which, as he admits,
satisfied him so thoroughly that he went straight
home with his book under his arm, turning
neither to the right or left to see the Secretary
of War at all. Yet from those estimates of
the War Department, which as General Grant
informed him, and as he might have learned
from an examination of the book which has
been his " constant companion" forsix weeks,
has been cut down from $50,000,000 to $38,-
000,000, my colleague takes the $12,000,000
so cut down as a part of his aggregate of the
$49,000,000 which he charges as the extrava-
gance of General Grant's administration. If
my reply to my colleague has done nothing else
of good but extort from him the story of his
interview with the President, in my judgment
it has accomplished much.
I pass over what my colleague said about
my being warmed into life and resuscitated. I
thought I had been tolerably lively for some
time past and torpid by no means. [Laughter.]
If my friend thinks I have been torpid of late,
what will he think when I am warmed into life
and waked up? [Laughter.] No, sir; thank
God, I have never been warmed into life by
any man or set of men. I have never had
around me any toadying clique or mutual ad-
miration society to "boost" me higher than
I could "clenib" myself. Let my colleague
/take no trouble on that score. I keep no news-
paper under pay ; I have no newspaper reporter
as clerk of my committee to trumpet my praises
and record my exploits. While I am not easily
warmed into life, I snbmit to my colleague I
am still more hard to kill. [Laughter.]
But, sir, I think of all the statements I have
ever heard and of the charges made by the
chairman against the Adminstration this one
was the most remarkable for its audacious
coolness. I read from the speech of my col-
league yesterday, as reported:
" Many of tham result from abuses of long stand-
ing. There are to-day five hundred officers of the
Army off dutymore than are necessary, supernumer-
aries. Can any one tell me what the annual draft
on tha Treasury for their salaries is? Ta.ke the pay
of a major as midway in rank as an average, and
multiply that by five hundred, and you will find that
there is paid annually to those supernumerary offi-
cers $1,250,000 as salary."
I agree with my colleague, but he has not
understood the wrong of this army of idle offi-
cers. It is an abuse, a terrible abuse, these
unassigned officers,', who are sucking the life-
blood in taxation for their support out of the
country and have no duty to discharge; and
in this House we are indeed responsible for
this great abuse. So far I am with my colleague;
but I call on the House to rem ember that in the
last session of the Fortieth Congress I intro-
duced a bill in exact antagonism to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, which after a geat deal
of debate passed through the Committee of the
Whole, and reported to the House after a night
session and a long discussion, a bill which cut
off these supernumerary officers and to reduce
the force of officers in the Army one half. But,
sir, I was beaten in the morning on that propo-
sition of economy and correction of abuses, and
the vote of my colleague, leading the column,
was the most potent engine for my defeat._
I think, sir, that it would bo no sin against
the decalogue, remembering that vote of my
colleague, to worship his speech wherein he
arraigns the Administration for profligacy in
estimating for the pay of too many officers of
the Army. It is in the likeness of audacity to
anything in the heavens above, or upon the
earth beneath, or in the waters under the earth.
[Laughter.] For, sir, in this arraignment of
General Grant's estimates he failed to mention
that $1,500,000 of estimates was for the pay of
officers, who he himself voted to keep in the
service when he admits they were not needed,
against his colleague, and against the majority
of the Committee of the Whole, voting as he did
against cutting off all these supernumerary offi-
cers. Mr. Chairman, I have looked^ in the
Globe to see whether I was accurate or not, and
I find that I am, as gentlemen may discover
for themselves by turning to the seventy-second
volume.
Again, what I again say was unjust in my
colleague is this; that he took this book of esti-
mates and the estimates of the bureau officers
of $331,000,000, with all their mistakes, all
their errors, and all their wrongs, and then
put them before the country as the estimates
of this Administration for its necessary ex-
penses. When the Secretary of the Treasury
sent in his report of the 6th of December last,
at the same hour with this book of estimates, a
copy of which I have in my hand and a copy
of which my friend has had as long as he has
had the book of estimates—in that report
Secretary Boutwell officially informs Congress
that the entire expenditures of the coming
year will be $291,000,000 only, including the
interest on the public debt. With that author-
itative statement made at the same time, sent
to Congress on the same date, for the inform-
ation of the House, with that authoritative
statement of the estimated expenses of this
Administration for the next fiscal year, my
colleague sent forth to the country that the
expenditures for that year are estimated by
the Administration at $331,000,000, founded
upon a recapitulation of the book of esti-
mates, composed, as he now admits, with errors
and blunders, one only of which amounts to
$7,000,000 ; I say he puts forth that recapitu-
lation, so full of blunders, as the correct esti-
mate for the expenses of this Administration.
But what further does he attempt? Does
he even compare that book of estimates with
the book of estimates of the last year which I
hold in my hands? By no means._ He takes
instead of that the amount set forth in the
official communication of Mr. McCulloch,
which is a report of expenditures precisely
like this report of the present Secretary of the
Treasury, and he conceals or does not know
the fact that the report of Mr. McCulloch,
from which I will read in a moment, expressly
leaves out all the estimated revenues, to wit:
$18,000,000 nearly, of the Post Office De-
partment, so that my colleague does not com-
