866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker havingresumed the chair, Mr. Cessna
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, pursuant, to order of
the House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, beingHousebill No. 974, makingappro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1871, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill of the follow-
ing title, when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. B. No. 895) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to admit the State of Virginia
to representation in the Congress of the U nited
States."
post route bill.
Mr. FITCH. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads the annual post route bill for
consideration at this time.
Mr. WARD. Does the bill contain any
legislation ?
Mr. FITCH. It does not contain any legis-
tion except for the establishment of post routes.
It is precisely like bills passed every s ession
for the same purpose.
No objection was made.
Accordingly the bill (H. R. No. 1007) to
establish certain post routes was received, and
read a first and second time.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. FITCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
clerk for committee on banking.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit the following resolu-
tion for consideration at this time :
ltesolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be authorizedto employ a clerk, during the
remaining sessions of the Forty-First Congress, at the
rate of six dollars per day.
This resolution explains itself. The com-
mittee are now authorized to employ a clerk,
but the pay allowed him is not at all adequate
to compensate him for the duties he has to
perform.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the
House this resolution must be referred to the
Committee on Accounts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well; I
have no objection to that.
The resolution was received and referred to
the Committee on Accounts.
amendment of rules.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Rules bo in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amend-
ing the rules of this House that propositions to
change old or to establish new post routes shall be
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Boads as other petitions are now referred to com-
mittees, and not in the form of separate bills or joint
resolutions.
commerce between states.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (EL R. No. 1008) to regulate com-
merce between the several States in respect to
certain commercial paper; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
order of business to-morrow.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Before putting the ques-
tion on that motion the Chair will state that
this morning before the House was full it was
ordered that the session of to-morrow be de-
voted to debate only as in Committee of the
Whole. The gentleman from New York, Mr.
Churchill, will please occupy the chair to-
morrow as Speaker pro tempore.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will withdraw my mo-
tion to adjourn and yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Reeves.]
tax on farmers and gardeners.
Mr. REEVES. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following preamble and resolu-
tion for consideration at this time:
Whereas the acting Commissioner on Internal
Revenue has construed the act of June 30,1864, as
amended by the act of July 13,1S66, to authorize and
require tho imposition of tho special tax paid by
produce brokers upon farmers and market gardeners
who sell the products of their own farms or gardens
from stalls or stands,thereby levying a direct tax
upon tho production of tho prime necessaries oflifo:
Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Committco of Ways and
Means be directed to inquire into the expediency
of reporting at the earliest practicable moment a
joint resolution declaratory of tho true intent and
meaning of the said act in tho particular above
referred to', or, if in their judgment such a course bo
deemed necessary or desirable, then to report a bill
amending tho act in question so as to remove the
grounds for tho interpretation put upon tho act by
the acting Commissioner.
No objection was made; and the preamble
and resolution were received and adopted.
napoleon b. giddinos.
Mr. ASPER, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs a bill
(H. R. No. 1009) for the relief of Napoleon
B. Giddings ; which was read a first and second
time, recommitted, and ordered to be printed.
payment of kansas troops.
Mr. ASPER also, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on Military
Affairs a bill (H. It. No. 112) to authorize the
settlement of the claims of the State of Kan-
sas for services of the troops called out by the
Governor of that State, upon the requisition
of Major General Curtis, to repel the invasion
of General Price; which was ordered to be
printed, with accompanying papers, and recom-
mitted.
reconsideration of references, etc.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
various votes by which bills, &c., had been
referred and recommitted since the rising of
the Committee of the Whole; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. ELDRIDGE,
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS: A petition of sundry cit-
izens of Garrard county, Kentucky, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Laurel county,
Kentucky, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of Bridget
Hart, for bounty land.
By Mr. ASPER: The petition of John Cong-
don, of Montana, asking the passage of a bill
to pay him for horses furnished for military
service in Montana.
Also, the petition of George S. Kemp and
24 others, citizens of Douglas, Gentry county,
Missouri, asking the repeal of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of D. B. Heath, of Sul-
livan county, Missouri, asking the repeal of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. ALLISON : The petition L. S. May-
nard and 89 others, citizens of Iowa, praying
Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of L. Darling and 250
others, citizens of Iowa, praying Congress to
abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of H. C. Kimball and
others, citizens of Iowa, praying Congress to
abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition, with accompanying bill
and references, of George W.Jones,attorney for
the heirs and legal representatives of John Rice
Jones,, deceased, citizens of the United States,
praying Congress for the passage of an act ex-
tending the benefits of an act approved August
4, 1854, and also to quiet the titles to certain
lands in the State of Illinois claimed by tho
heirs of said Jones.
By Mr. BARNUM: The petition of H. E.
Gates, postmaster, and 186 others, citizens of
Litchfield, Litchfield county,Connecticut, pray-
ing Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Lorenzo Tupper and
others, citizens of Lakeville, Litchfield county,
Connecticut, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Francis A. Sanford and
43 others, citizens of Redding, Fairfield county,
Connecticut, praying Congress to abolish the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Noah Hoyt and 198
others, citizens of New Canaan, Fairfield coun-
ty, Connecticut, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Frederick Griswold and
others, citizens of Milton, Litchfield county,
Connecticut, praying Congress to abolish the
franking privilege.
By Mr. BECK: A petition of a number of
citizens ofNorth Middletown, Bourbon county,
Kentucky, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of a large number of cit-
izens of Winchester, Clark county, Kentucky,
praying for tho abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition .of E. F. Webster and 39 others, cit-
izens of Chelmsford, Massachusetts, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
_ Also, the petition of John Mead and 69 others,
citizens of West Newton, Massachusetts, for
the same purpose.
By Mr. BuFFINTON: The memorial of
Joseph T. Pease and 78 others, citizens of
Edgartown, Massachusetts, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of David W. Maxwell and
60 others, citizens of Dartmouth, Massachu-
setts, praying for the same.
Also, the memorial of Wm. H. Nickerson
and 37 others, citizens of Eastham, Massachu-
setts, praying for the same.
By Mr. BURCIIARD: A petition of citizens
of Illinois, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Lanark, Illi-
nois, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. CAKE: A petition of citizens of
Jonestown, Lebanon county, Pennsylvania,
prating for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Lebanon, Penn-
sylvania, asking for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. CESSNA: The petition of Benjamin
Gardner, a soldier of the war of 1812, for
bounty and pension.
Also, ten petitions of citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, asking for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of John
Famham and 81 others, citizens ofNorth Han-
nibal, Oswego county, New York ; of Stephen
Griffith and 51 others, citizens of Gilbert's
Mills, New York ; and of J. S. Lucas and 81
others, citizens of Madison, New York, for
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. COBB, of North Carolina : The peti-
tion of Dr. E. C. Robinson, of Norfolk, Virginia,
asking removal of his political disabilities.
