1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
878
sengers and freight and reciprocate with each
other, in his opinion, necessarily place them
under the control of the Federal Government,
so that the Federal Government may take
away from them the rights •which they have
acquired by virtue of their charters from the
State of New Y ork and the other States through
which they pass?
Mr. WILKINSON. I plant myself upon
the provision of the Constitution giving to
Congress the power to regulate commerce with
foreign Governments and among the several
States, and upon the decision of Judge Miller,
to which I have already referred. I will answer
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldkidge]
as far as I can in the limited time allowed me.
The fact that these companies voluntarily com-
bine together so as to seize hold of the internal
commerce of this country, that very fact brings
them within the operation of the laws of Con-
gress passed under the constitutional provision
to which I have referred.
And here I will again refer to the opinion
of Judge Miller. Not intending to make a
legal argument on this question when I came
here this morning, bnt merely to state my
views, I will content myself by referring to the
opinion of Judge Miller, which I believe to be
sound constitutional law. He says :
"Itseems to mcthat where these roads become
parts of great highways ot' our Union, transporting a
commerce which embraces many States, and destined
as some of these roads are to become the channels
through which the nations of Europe and Asia shall
interchange their commodities, there can bo no
reason to doubt that to regulate them is to regulate
commerce both with foreign nations and among
the Sta tes; and that to refuse to do this is a refusal
to discharge one of the most important duties of the
Federal Government."
Now, let us take, for instance, the Pacific
railway and the other railways that are running
in connection with that great highway of com-
merce, and over which not only the commerce
of this country hut of Europe may pass, and,
as we hope, will some time pass. These different
companies, in many instances chartered by
the Legislatures of different States  
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of
the gentleman has expired.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope furthertime will be
allowed the gentleman, for he has been inter-
rupted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will have an extension ofhis time.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the time of
the gentleman be extended fifteen minutes.
No objection was made.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If I am not interrupting
the argument of the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Wilkixsox,] I would like to ask him
another question.
Mr. WILKINSON. Very well.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do it iu 110 captious
spirit.
Mr. WILKINSON. I understand that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My inquiry is this: if the
doctrine of the gentlemau be true, that because
railroads running through several States put
themselves in connection for the purpose of
carrying freight and passengers, therefore they
may be controlled under the clause of the Con-
stitution to which he has referred; and not
only that they may be controlled, but they
may absolutely have their chartered rights
which they have received from the States taken
away from them if that doctrine is true ; then—
and this is the point to which I wish to call the
attention of the gentleman—then, why may not
Congress interfere under the same provision of
the Constitution and regulate highways where
they run through different States and constitute
great lines of commerce for the carrying busi-
ness, and take charge of the path-masters and
the road districts, and control and manage them
precisely as it may control and manage railways !
Mr. WILKINSON. Congress might do so
if the State of Wisconsin should grant one turn-
pike charter and prohibit any other turnpike
company from engaging in that business in the
State, thus obstructing the business of the
country to that extent.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am not referring to
turnpike charters,' but merely to roads which
become great highways for commercial pur-
poses, created, managed, and controlled under
State laws, not as corporations.
Mr. WILKINSON. Congress at one time
exercised that same power, as will be seen by
an act which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
An aet to facilitate commercial, postal, a.nd mili-
tary communication among the several States.
Whereas the Constitution of the United States
confers upon Congress, in express terms, the power
to regulate commerce among the several States, to
establish post roads, and to raise and support armies:
Therefore,
Jleit enacted by the Senate andlXonec of Representa-
tives otthe United States of America in Conaress assem-
bled, That every railroad company in the United
States whose road is operated by steam, its successors
and assigns, be, and is hereby, authorized to carry
upon and over its road, boats, bridges, and ferries,
all passengers, troops, Government supplies, mails,
freight, and property on their way from any Stato to
another State, and to receive compensation therefor,
and to connect with roads of other States so as to form
continuous lines lor the transportation of the same
to the place of destination: Provided, That this act
shall not affect any stipulation between theGovern-
mentof the United States and a,ny railroad company
for transportation or fares without compensation,
nor impair or change the conditions imposed by the
terms of any aet granting lands to any such company
to aid in the construction of Us road, nor shall it bo
construed to authorize any railroad company to
build any new road or connection with any other
road without authority from the State in which said
railroad or connection may bo proposed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That Congress
may at any time alter, amend, or repeal this aet.
Approved Juno 15,1BG6.
Mr. WILKINSON. Now, to return to the
question of the right of Congress to control
the railways of the country. Are these cor-
porations thus chartered and thus endowed,
entering into, as they do, and controlling to a
great exteut the internal commerce of the
country, subject to the controlling legislation
of Congress'!
I know that those who believe in the per-
nicious doctrine of State sovereignty, those
who have based their political faith upon this
fundamental heresy, deny the power of Con-
gress to either limit or control in anywise these
great monopolies. I will not stop to argue
this question. I will simply again call atten-
tion to the report of the committee to which I
have referred as containing principles which I
believe to be consistent with the constitutional
power of Congress.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The committee are of the opinion that Congress
has the power under the Constitution to provide by
law for tho regulation of commerce among the sev-
eral States, of which railroads are the instruments,
so as to secure the safety of passengers and such reg-
ularity and system in tho running arrangements and
connections as to secure the most prompt transport-
ation of passengers and freight."
*****
"If, therefore, Congress has the power, as wo be-
lieve, to regulate commerce among the several States
as carried on over railroads connecting two or more
States, then it follows necessarily that if the rates
of fare or chargcs over any portion of tho continuous
lines of railroad running from one Stato to another
imposed by State authority should be so high as to
be a substantial obstruction to commorceainongsaid
States, Congress would have the constitutional right
to regulate such rates of fare and charges tor the
purpose of removing such obstruction, and this not
because Congress would havo any right to pass any
law impairing the obligations ot contracts, but be-
cause Congress might declare any contract by which
a State had granted power to acoiporation substan-
tially to obstruct commerce among the States as ille-
gal and void, while the Stato which has made the
contract might bo prevented by tho Constitution
from passing any law impairing the oollgation ot
such contract: that this power of Congress depends
wholly upon the power to regulate commerce among
the several States and could only bo exercised when
necessary to prevent orremoveobstructionstheroto.
Y s * X •< *
" One other fact now patent in th0 history of the
railroads of tho country shows that it is impossible
that Congress can possess the power to regulate com-
merce among the States without having as a neces-
sary incident thereto the right to supervise the rates
of fare and tho charges for the tiansportation 01
freight in ease the same should be fixed so as to bo-
come an obstruction to commerce among the States.
The great rail road corporations do possess toe pow er
and I he will to absorb the lesser competing lines by
purchasing a controlling interest in tho stock and
consolidating the stock and franchises of the smaller
company with the larger; each consolidation safely
accomplished adds to the power of the corporation
to absorb other roads until competition is not only
entiroly destroyed but rendered impossible in tho
future. These vast consolidated corporations have
the power to crush out all competition and to fix
upon such rates of fare and charges for the transport-
ation of freight as they please to impose, however
oppressive to thecommumtyandburdensometocoin-
morce, unless tho power to regulate commerce among
thoStatesincludes the ppwer to supervise the-charges
which may be imposed upon such commerce."
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. Speaker, I hope
this question may be discussed hereafter more
fully than I am able to do to-day; for I did not
come here prepared to enter into an argument
concerning the legal and constitutional phase
of this question ; but I will say that if the differ-
ent State Legislatures had any power to meet
and successfully grapple with these monstrous
monopolies I would gladly see them exercis.e
that power. But, sir, they possess it not. The
great State of New Y ork furnishes a na elaucholy
example of the utter helplessness of a people
who depend for protection against the exac-
tions of powerful railroad corporations upon
the enactments of their State Legislatures.
These corporations utterly defy the Legisla-
ture, and they defy the local courts. There
seems to be no power or control over them in
that State.
Mr. BIRD. Will the gentleman allow ine a
question ?
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BIRD. Coming from the State of New
Jersey I feel a very deep interest in the discus-
sion of this question; and I therefore wish to
put to the gentleman this inquiry: is the power
of Congress in the regulation of commerce
between the States sufficient in the judgment
of the gentleman to destroy railroad corpora-
tions, to take away existing chartered rights ?
Mr. WILKINSON. I answer the gentleman
from New Jersey that Congress has, in my
judgment, the power not only to charter a new
road from Washington to the city of New York.
but that it is the bounden duty of Congress to
do so as a rebuke to the State of New Jersey
for the wicked monopoly she has granted to
the railroads of that State.
Mr. BIRD. I do not know whether the gen-
tleman has altogether appreciated the point
of my inquiry. What I meant to ask——
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman from Minnesota yield?
Mr. WILKINSON. I would prefer that the
gentleman should postpone his question until
I have finished the branch of the subject I am
now discussing.
In earlier enactments in New York attempts
were made to guard the interests of the people
and to insure cheap rates of transportation of
passengers and freight. A limit was put upon
the net earnings of the roads, and the compa-
nies were restricted from dividing among the
stockholders more than ten per cent, per annum
of their capital stock, when the roads were
earning more than this. It was the intend-
ment and purpose of the law that the tariff of
freight and passage should be reduced; but in-
stead of reducing their tariff when the earnings
of the roads were greater than was allowed
by law, they found a way to increase them.
They water their stock. Upon the Central road
what cost $50,000,000 and was represented
by that amount of stock they called it worth
$100,000,000, and issued the stock accord-
ingly without the additional expenditure of a
dollar. By this paper resolve, by this action ot
a board of directors of the New York Central
road, an additional tax is levied upon those who
are doing business on this road of $5,000,000
a year more than the law of the State allows
them. Of course tho gigantic swindle is all
illegal and void? ^ nxust be approved of by
the Legislature of the State. But the Legisla-
ture is composed oi men many of whom^ha\e
been elected iu the interests of these ranroud
companies. It- not. a difficult task foragrait
i corporation .villi millions to expend iu cany-
