874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
ii>g a swindle of this nature to convince the
members ofthe Legislature of the Empire State
that but a small portion of this increased bur-
den will rest upon the shoulders of the people
of New York: the great through business will
pay it. The Legislature submit. The people
by this one act are robbed of $5,000,000 a year
and the outrage is legalized.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if the people of New York
were alone interested in this swindle I would
consent that they might govern their own
domestic affairs in their own way, according to
the spiritoftheNebrakabill. But, sir, there are
those outside of the State of New York inter-
ested in this matter. Not a bushel of wheat,
not a pound of freight, not a passenger from
the West passes over this road but that is taxed
to help make up this grand swindle.
If the other States could control or would
control in the interests of the people these
great monopolies I would willingly see them
do it; but we all know that New York is, per-
haps, in no worse situation than Illinois, or
Minnesota, or Iowa, or the other States in refer-
ence to this matter. I admit to-day that it is
impossible with the great railroad monopolies
existing in our State to control in the interests
of the people the legislation of my own State.
It is this fact that demands the legislation of
Congress. Such legislation is necessary because
the people themselves in the various States
cannot control the legislation of their States in
opposition to the money and the power of these
monopolies. Hence the great necessity that
Congress shall take hold of this question, if it
is taken hold of at all,
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. WILKINSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WELKER. I would be glad if the gen-
tinman would explain a little more fully how
he proposes to remedy these evils of which he
hpeaks.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. Speaker, I am not
prepared at this time to state the details of
such a measure as might give the people efficient
protection in this regard ; but I shall before a
great while prepare a bill, if no other gentle-
man does so, which I shall ask to have referred
to the Committee on Railways and Canals or
some other appropriate committee of the House;
and such committee, after a full consideration
of the subject, will I doubt not report in good
time such a bill as the necessities of the case
demand.
Mr. Speaker, as my time is about to expire
I will only make this further remark that I am
glad to know that a number of members on
this floor from the West agree with me upon
this question.
PUBLIC DECT.
Mr. McNEELY. Mr. Speaker, I am con-
scious of the fact that what F am about to say
will have little influence upon the other side
of this House. My brief experience here has
taught me that to defeat a measure it is often
simply necessary that it be advocated by that
minority with whom it is my pleasure to act.
But, sir, although I would prefer to listen to
those more experienced in public affairs rather
than occupy their attention myself, I see a
financial policy so pregnant with evil and
grinding oppression which the Radical party
has inaugurated and is carrying out that I feel
it my duty to utter my protest against it and
to advocate that policy which I believe would
bring relief to the counti-y. The people are
anxious to know what Congress will do in
regard to the financial questions now before it.
The excitement and passion aroused by the
war has subsided. The questions growing out
of the so-called reconstruction of these States
which the Radical party claims to have tem-
porarily ejected from this Union are regarded
as settled for good or for evil. The people
begin to survey their financial condition and to
search for a way of escape from their present
burdens. Every member of this House who
visited his constituents during the late recess
cannot forget how often and with what anxiety
he was asked by persons of all parties, '' What
will Congress do with the public debt, the cur-
rency, the tariff, and the present unequal and
unjust system of taxation?" The people are
willing to forget, at least forgive, your uncon-
stitutional and revolutionary assault upon the
State of Georgia, and even your unprovoked
and cowardly insult to Virginia if you will only
give them financial relief. They want the pub-
lic debt paid according to the contract as soon
as is practicable ; the national bank notes
withdrawn from circulation and their placo
supplied by United States notes ; the currency
expanded to the extent of at least $200,000,000
by the issue of greenbacks; the taxes and public
expenditures reduced to a peace standard ; the
abolition of your odious tariff, and the practice
of retrenchment, economy, and reform in every
department of the Government.
Mr. Speaker, the first and most vital object
of national importance is the early extinguish-
ment of the public debt. Its payment will
relieve us of that immense drain upon our
yearly profits required for the payment of in-
terest and installments of principal, and will
render unnecessary the imposition of a tariff
on imports even for revenue purposes; at
least the payment of coin interest on the debt
having ended, there will then remain no pre-
tended need of collecting customs in gold.
Amoug many other benefits it will unlock and
throw into active life and within the reach of
taxation nearly one eighth of the entire prop-
erty of the country, and remove that baleful
influence which this overshadowing debt exer-
cises over legislation, business, andsoeiety, and
marks us as a people more controlled by capi-
tal than any other on the earth. As to the
payment of this debt, the Radical party mani-
fests extraordinary solicitude. They attempt
to frighten us from paying it as it should be by
the charge of repudiation, just as they pre-
vented an honest investigation of their conduct
of affairs before the people during the war by
the cry of disloyalty. The President in his
inaugural address and in his message, his
Cabinet in their reports, and Republican lead-
ers in Congress devote much time in declaring
the sacredness of the public debt, but entirely
forget that the right of the people to be pro-
tected from the payment of more than is due
is sacred also.
Sir, it is well to protect the bondholder from
repudiation, but it is far better to protect the
people from being robbed in order to pay more
than they owe.
To devise and put in successful operation
a plan for the payment of the Federal debt
as soon as is practicable according to the
law under which it was contracted is a high
public duty which this Congress should dis-
charge at once. To me the proper policy to
be adopted is plain and simple, and with the
indulgence of the House I wil l, as far as I can
in the time allotted to me, point out the gen-
eral outlines of the measures I would adopt.
In the first place let me say that while we must
keep faith with the holders of the bonds we
must keep faith with the people by compelling
them to pay no more than is due. Upon this
question the two great parties differ very widely.
The leaders of the Republican party are in
favor of paying the entire debt, both principal
and interest, in coin, and have accordingly so
declared in a law of Congress called "An act
to strengthen the public ciedit.'' That act was
the first law passed under the administration
of President Grant. Having, as they think,
irrevocably committed the country to that
plan, which since coin has been drawn out of
circulation is impracticable, they now propose
to make the debt a perpetual burden by a
measure initiatory to the scheme called a fund-
ing bill. When the bonds become due the
bondholders hope to be able to procure such
additional legislation as will furnish for the
debt a foundation as solid and lasting as that
which underlies and perpetuates the debt of
Great Britain.
The Democratic party, on the other hand,
are in favor of as speedy a payment of the
debt as practicable, and has in national con-
vention declared that those bonds of the Gov-
ernment which "do not expressly state on
their face or the law under which they were
issued does not provide that they shall be paid
in coin ought in right and in justice to be paid
in the lawful money of the United States."
The Democracy of the State which I have the
honor in part to represent made a similar dec-
laration in their State convention in 1868, per-
haps in more express terms. The delegates
appointed by that convention to the national
convention, called for the purpose of nominat-
inga Democratic candidate for the Presidency,
were instructed to support Mr. Pendleton for
that position for the reason that while other
statesmen in the party were equally able and
sound, yet at that time Mr. Pendleton was of
all others the most prominent before the coun-
try in advocating the plan of the Democracy
of Illinois for the payment of the debt.
Such was the position of the Democratic party
then, and, if possible, it is more firm m that
position now. Defeat in that presidential con-
test only served to give new vigor and strength
to the Democraetie hosts to do battle in the
same cause in the canvass of 1872. But I will
not detain the House to argue at length that
we were right in taking that position ; it seems
to me too plain to need further argument than
has been made in Congress, in the public prints,
and on the stump before the people. The
languageof the law of the contract; the declar-
ation of Mr. Stevens, the then leader of the
House, and of others of both parties equally
competent to know, made at the time the law
was passed; the consideration paid for the bonds,
and all other contemporaneous circumstances,
proves conclusively that it was not understood
either by the Government or the purchasers of
the bonds that they should be paid in coin only.
At that time the whole country acquiesced in
that understanding.
But, sir, even now in Illinois, after years of
pressure brought to bear by the bondholders
and their allies, the Democratic party is not
alone in its construction of the law under
which the debt was contracted and in its advo-
cacy of the just mode of its payment. On that
question a large portion of the Republican
party takes the position we occupy. To such
an extent did these opinions prevail among
the rank and file of the Republican party of
that State that in the canvass of 1868 Radical
leaders and orators were compelled in some
localities to either dodge the question or de-
clare that they and the candidates whom they
represented, including General Grant, agreed
with the Democracy on that point. In fact,
one of the present Republican members of Con-
gress from that State openly advocated in his
district the payment of the public debt in
"greenback currency" in all cases where coin
was not expressly specified in the law or on the
face of the bond. I hold in my hand the copy
of a letter which was written in April, 1868,
by the gentleman to whom I refer, embodying
his views, which was then extensively pub-
lished in the papers of all parlies, and upon
which he was afterward renominated and re-
elected to Congress. The letter is so clear
and so full of sound doctrine that I will read
it, though it refers to other matters and ex-
presses a confidence in the good sense of his
party which subsequent events have not justi-
fied. Here is the letter :
Fortieth Congress, Washington, D. C.,
House of Bkpkksextativrs,
April 20,
My Dear Sir : I have received your favor of recent
date, in whichyoustatethatthe newpostal arrange-
ments which X had the honor and. pleasure to assist
in securing for you have gone into operation, and of
this lam very glad. Iagreewith you in your finan-
cial views, and I believe thatthe question above all
others which has the greatest interest for the people
and which will have the greatest weight in detorm-
