1870.
the congressional globe.
877
at the condition of our currency and the busi-
ness interest which employs it convinces me
that we need more money. According to the
last report of the Comptroller of the Currency
there is now in circulation, of greenbacks and
fractional currency, the sum of $393,148,700,
and of national banknotes, $299,789,895;
making in all a circulation of $692,938,595.
Now, sir, if we were out of debt, if our taxes
were not so burdensome, and if our Govern-
ment expenditures did not exceed $150,000,000
per annum, as should then be the case, we might
possibly, with our present population, get along
with the present amount of circulation; but
until that time arrives, and perhaps even then,
we must have more money. The General Gov-
ernment is collecting, in the shape of taxes from
the people under Federal laws, over thirty-
one million dollars per month, over one million
j)er day,exceeding three hundred and sixty-
live million dollars per year. Thus we find it
requires over one half of the entire circulation
to pay the Federal taxes. Add to this the
amount of State, county, town, and other muni-
cipal taxes, and the figures show the startling
fact that the people will pay more in taxes this
year than all the money in circulation in the
United States. If the payment of those taxes
was required to be made on one certain day
the entire circulation would not be sufficient to
do it. The people would be left without a
dollar and be still in debt to the great army of
tax-eaters now living on their substance.
The point I wish to present is this: that in
determining what amount of money is required
we should, among other things, consider what
amount of the circulation is constantly with-
drawn from business transactions and kept
employed in the payment of taxes. It requires
much time for millions of dollars to pass from
the tax-payers to the Government and in the
routine of Government disbursement return to
the field of circulation again. The route is
long and slow; so much so that the Special
Commissioner of the Eevenue once charged
that fifty per cent, of it is stolen on its passage.
The longer this great, constantly-flowing stream
of millions is thus detained the greater is the
sum thus kept engaged and the less we have
left for the legitimate purposes of business
exchanges. Hence the circulation per capita
should be greater under a Radical administra-
tion, collecting annual revenues amounting to
$365,000,000 for Federal purposes, than under
a Democratic administration, whose Govern-
ment expenditures did not exceed $78,000,000
per year.
But the opponents of expansion claim that
the circulation of Great Britain is equal to
$18 83 per head of the inhabitants, and that
of France to $18 34 per head, and that the cir-
culation of the United States should not exceed
that amount. This calculation is made by a
Mr. Walker, a late bank commissioner of Mas-
sachusetts, in a letter appended to the report
of the Special Commissioner of the Revenue
made a year ago, and though not at all agreeing
with the statement of the Cominissioner in his
previous report, yet is now approved by him.
This estimate is founded on no certain basis.
Mr. Walker confesses that he depends on cer-
tain estimates made by different writers on
political economy, between whom he says there
is the widest difference of opinion.
In calculating the amount of circulation on
these uncertain estimates this error is commit-
ted : from the total circulation of Great Britain,
amounting to $596,000,000, $131,000,000 is
deducted as so much "in bank," and from
the total circulation of France, amounting to
$952,000,000, $255,000,000 is in like manner
deducted as the amount "in bank." These
amounts thus deducted as "in bank" are as
much in circulation as are the greenbacks and
bank notes which are on deposit in all the
banks of this country. Why the amount esti-
mated "in bank" in England and France is
counted as out of circulation, and the amount
"inbank" in the United States is added to the
circulation, neither Mr. Walker nor the Spe-
cial Commissioner gives us a reason. If we
shall apply the same rule to each of the three
countries we will find that in England there
is a circulation of twenty-five dollars per head
of the inhabitants, in France thirty dollars per
head, and in the United States, on a basis of
forty million people, $17 32 per head. But
admitting that the circulation in those coun-
tries is as stated, a little less than nineteen
dollars per head, that does not prove conclu-
sively that we should not have twenty-two dol-
lars per head, as the expansion I propose would
give us.
It is well to investigate the financial condi-
tion of other countries; but we must remember
that a financial policy should be in harmony
with the situation and character of the people
and their business to which it is applied. With
me it is not sufficient to say, "England and
France do thus and so, therefore we should
do the same thing." The mode of transacting
business and of effecting exchanges with us is
different from that of England and France.
Many reasons exist why there should be a
greater circulation per capita in the United
States than in either of those countries, but I
will confine myself to but two or three. In the
first place a much larger business as compared
with the whole business is done in the way of
bank credits and bank deposits in both Eng-
land and France than in this country ; in fact,
the greater part of the business of Europe is
carried on by the use of commercial paper. In
this way the actual presence and use of money
is not so much needed there as with us. This
fact is admitted by Mr. Walker in his compar-
ison of English and American circulation, for
he in his argument insists that bank credits
and bank deposits are not money; that they
are only the "economical substitutes" for
money, and therefore should not be included
in the circulation.
Now, while it is true that these bank credits
and bank deposits are not, properly speaking,
a part of the "money circulation," yet it is
equally true that what we lack in their " eco-
nomical substitutes'' for money we should make
up in money itself. Iti other words, the more
business a people carry on with the substi-
tutes for money the less actual need they have
for money itself. Of course money is better
than its substitute, but I am speaking of its
practical effect upon business. It must be
admitted that the retail business of a people
must be almost entirely carried on with money
actually used in each exchange, and that the
wholesale business is almost entirely carried
on without the actual use of money, but by
bank credits and bank deposits, the "eco-
nomical substitutes" for money. Hence the
retailers, farmers, and the laboring popula-
tion of this country, especially of the south-
ern, middle, and western States, with whom
wealth is more equally distributed than else-
where, need more money, according to the
whole amount of their business, than do the
manufacturers, bankers, and merchants of
London and other business centers of England.
This fact may partially account for the de-
mand for expansion in the West and its coun-
ter-demand for contraction in the East. In
addition to this reason the laws of trade teach
us that the more sparsely settled a people may
be the less opportunity they have to make
those mutual exchanges of labor or property,
or of credits for either, which constitutes the
process of set-off in business transactions.
This inability to make immediate exchange in
similar labor or property,or for valuable credits,
requires money to be given in exchange for the
labor to be done or property to be delivered,
so that it can be held as a representative of
value acceptable to whomsoever might choose
to deal with its holder. Hence, in the agri-
cultural districts, and especially in the more
thinly populated portions, the people are less j
able to carry on this "process of set-offs" j
whicn England does to so great an extent, but I
which Mr.Walker erroneously accounts for on
the ground of " the smallness of her territory.''
With us in the country districts of'the West
banks are scarce. Every man is his own banker
and the keeper of his own funds. Money
instead of its substitute is necessary to be ex-
changed for what is sold or purchased.
Again, sir, the land tenure of England, as
compared with the active and rapid exchanges
of real estate in the United States, furnishes
another reason why the presence of money to
facilitate exchanges is more necessary here
than in that country; for as has been well said,
" it is not the ownership but the exchange of
property which demands the use of money."
This, however, is less than the whole truth.
The landed estates of England need compar-
atively little labor to keepthem up and improve
them, while "we have an immensity of land
courting the industry of the husbandman."
We have forests, mines, and extensive unim-
proved prairies, which are so much raw mate-
rial out of which towns and cities and farms
and all else that make a country great and
wealthy are to be manufactured by labor. That
labor which has in a few years redeemed this
land from a wilderness, and which must be
employed and constantly kept at work iu im-
proving the country, must be stimulated, fos-
tered, and paid in money. Property may be
given in exchange for property, but labor must
have money for its reward. To open up and
improve a farm on your western frontier you
must have labor to assist you, and that labor
you cannot get unless you have money to pay
for it. One of the great mistakes made by the
writers on political economy of this day consists
in the proposition that money is only used to
facilitate exchanges of property and that its
necessity is to be calculated by the frequency
of the exchanges of that propertyand its value.
They should remember that labor when applied
to raw material becomes property, and more
than all other kinds of property requires the
presence of money to secure and foster it.
Especially is this so of that kind of labor neces-
sary to the development of our agricultural
interests, which even now, in comparison with
the whole business of the people, exceeds that
of any other nation on the globe.
Another reason why we need more money
per head than we did before the war and more
than is deemed necessary in England is because
of the increased amount of money we must
handle in the purchase of the necessaries of
life and all other articles of daily and constant
use. These purchases constitute the greater
portion of all the exchanges for which money
is used, and if the amount of money necessary
to effect them is increased the currency should
be increased to a corresponding amount; for all
political economists admit that the volume of
the circulation should to a great degree be in
proportion to the value and the frequency of
the exchanges necessary to be made with it.
Mr. Speaker, money, on account of its
scarcity, commands too high a rate of interest,
and to reduce it we must satisfy the demand
by a greater supply. To make business more
active and give employment to labor invested
capital must be relieved of the excessive interest
which burdens it. Perhaps those most to be
benefited in this way are those of small means,
who should be enabled to borrow money with
greater ease and at lower rates of interest than
they now pay. The advocates of contraction
say that a greater supply of currency would
increase the rate of interest. That statement
is so contrary to the experience of every busi-
ness man, and so inconsistent with those laws
of trade which in regard to all other articles
of trade regulate the supply and the demand,
that no argument is necessary to combat it;
its unconcealed fallacy is its own answer.
Sir, I need not stop to point out how that the
West and South are deprived of their share of
the national bank circulation by its unequal dis-
tribution. I have nottime. I may, however,
remark that the city of Chicago, with a popu-
