878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
lation of three hundred thousand, and the
greatest grain market in the world, the great
emporium of the Northwest, with a commerce
second to New York alone, has $5,400,000 of
the bank-note circulation, while New York
city, with a population of nine hundred thou-
sand, has $66,000,000, and Boston, with a pop-
ulation of two hundred and fifty thousand, has
$41,000,000 of such circulation. All this is
brought about by that eastern capital which
now manipulates legislation as it pleases. No
wonder the eastern people are opposed to
expansion.
But I will add one other reason why I am for
an expansion of the currency, which is greater
than all I have given. It is this: the people whom
I have the honor to represent ask it. That
should be sufficient to determine the course of
one sent here to express their wishes. Bankers
and their agents may argue and theorize, but
the opinions of plain business men of sound
judgments, founded on their experience during
the days of expansion and contraction, is of
greater weight with me in determining what
the people need in their business affairs. It
is not necessary to compare this with other
countries. We have only to look at the plain
facts as they have existed in the last few years.
We have tried expansion and the gradual
passage from it to the present contraction of
the currency. Look at the condition of the
country in the two periods. In September,
1865, we had $984,138,959 in circulation, which
was $291,200,364 moi'e than we have now.
When were the people more prosperous, busi-
ness more active, interest lower, the products
of agriculture commanding a better price, and
labor better rewarded ? Returning from the
pursuit of war the people were pressing for-
ward with equal energy toward the victories
of industry and of peace. The progress in
national development which we had made
before the war was about to be eclipsed in the
new era then dawning. How is it now? Busi-
ness is stagnant, the financial situation is not
satisfactory, and the signs of prosperity have
departed. In your cities prophecies of panic
and failures are on all lips, and fear of an
approaching financial crisis is depicted on the
face of the business world. The public prints
give forth auguries of coming disaster. Men
heretofore solvent are standing up against the
pressure on a basis of borrowed capital which,
in payment of exorbitant interest, is fast slip-
ping from under their feet. Inthe agricultural
districts products move slowly in the stream
of commerce and even then find low prices and
a dull and hesitating market; labor, no longer
in that demand which gave it independence,
goes about in search of employment which when
found yields little more than a bare subsistence.
The mercantile agency of New York has pre-
served a record of the failures of the year ending
January 1, 1870. They number twenty seven
hundred arid ninety-nine, and their liabilities
are $75,054,400.
Sir, this story of financial ruin is as nothing
when compared with all these failures, which
fill all other walks of life, and which have no
record to perpetuate their misfortunes. A Sen-
ator from Massachusetts the other day gave in
one vigorous sentence a true picture of the times
when he said " business halts in chains and
life bends under the load." It is true that con-
traction alone has not brought us to this state
of affairs, but it has been the prominent cause.
While the volume of currency has been reduced
during this time, the reopening of trade in the
South since the war and the development of
the West has broadened the area of circulation.
The northern States and Territories to which,
four years ago, the circulation of greenbacks
and national bank notes was almost exclusively
limited, by a rapid development of our resources,
especially iu those western Territories where
business of all kinds lias exhibited such an
unexampled growth and healthy increase, have
made expansion rather than contraction more
necessary.
But what will we say of the situation when
we come to reflect on that great drain made on
us to supply the South with a circulation ? The
people of the South thus to be supplied would
require a large share of the entire circulation
for the purpose of carrying on their ordinary
transactions; but how much more is necessary
in repairing and rebuilding their towns, cities,
and plantations, made desolate by war? If
$984,000,000 were needed by us in 1865, how
much more do we need at least $892,000,000
now?
But it may be asked how would you get the
$200,000,000 of greenbacks which it is pro-
posed to issue into circulation ? My answer
is, by paying off five-twenty bonds with it. In
making this payment on the bonds we should
not go into the market among the brokers and
give twenty per cent, premium for the priv-
ilege of paying what we owe, as your Secre-
tary of the Treasury is now doing, but we
should pay them at the counter of the Treas-
ury in the exact sum and kind of money speci-
fied in the contract. I do not say that the
whole $200,000,000 should be issued and put
into circulation on the same day; it would be
best, no doubt, to issue it in installments and
at the expiration of certain intervals until the
whole amount should be put into circulation.
I will not now undertake to say what the
amount of those installments should be, nor
at what intervals they should be issued. Sup-
pose, however, that we conclude to issue, for
example, $20,000,000 per month. Direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to give notice, say a
month in advance, that the bonds, iu the order
in which they were sold, amounting to that sum
on their face, be presented by their holders at
the Treasury of the United States for payment;
then direct the Treasurer to pay those bonds
when thus presented, the principal with green-
backs to be issued and the accrued interest
thereon with coin from the Treasury. Let the
payment of bonds so continue until the whole
$200,000,000 should be paid out and added to
the present volume of circulation.
In this mode of paymentthe Secretary of the
Treasury should be required to give in his notice
the numbers and date and series of the bonds
to be paid, having due regard to the order in
which they were sold. If a bondholder refused
to present his bond for payment in accordance
with such a notice tell him that a lawful tender
having been made the interest on his bond shall
cease thereafter, just as a man stops paying in-
terest on his matured note after making a legal
tender of what is due upon it. The same code
of morals and the same rule of law that govern
an individual in the payment of his private
debt should govern a collection of individuals
composing a nation in paying a nationl debt.
There can be no difference in principle. Would
you ask a man to pay a premium on his out-
standing note after it is due? Would he be
charged as a repudiator if lie should offer to
pay the precise sum and kind of money due as
specified in his note ? What would you say of a
court that would compel a man to pay interest
after he had made such a tender? Sir, the
policy of the Radical party which takes money
from the pockets of the people for the payment
of more than they owe is cruelly wrong and
dishonest. If the $200,000,000 thus added to
the circulation should be found to be insufficient
an additional amount could then be issued, or
the increase might be left to a system of banks
regulated by the several States. The reason I
now limit the expansion is because I know that
the amount I propose should be issued is actu-
ally needed. A further increase I would leave
to the future.
Thus, by the destruction of the national banks
and the payment of $200,000,000 of bonds by
greenbacks issued for expansion, we would
stop the interest on $500,000,000 of bonds,
thereby saving to the people $30,000,000 in
coin annually. To lift from the shoulders of
the people $30,000,000 per annum of taxes in
coin by these two measures, and give them the
benefit of such expansion of the currency,
would secure for this Congress the thanks of
a grateful people.
But, sir, in addition to' the redemption of
the $500,000,000 of bonds in the manner I
have just specified I would proceed to pay off
the remaining bonded debt at the rate of at
least $100,000,000 perannum. This payment
would not require an additional issue of legal-
tender notes in excess of the proposed expan-
sion ; but the necessary amount would be sup-
plied out of revenues to be collected and not
necessary for the ordinary expenses of the Gov-
ernment. This amount should be paid out in
weekly payments, which would be in sums of
less than two million dollars per week, and
timely notice should be given of the particular
bonds to be redeemed and at what time they
should be presented. I would have it expressly
understood in this as in all other cases of pay-
ment of the bonds that interest should cease
to be paid on a bond after its holder refuses to
present it for payment at the time directed,
and that when the law promises coin coin
should he paid ; but unless coin is promised
greenbacks and nothing else should be paid.
Thus the whole bonded debt could be paid
off, leaving the $892,938,595 of greenbacks in
circulation sis the only debt of the Govern-
ment at the end of a few years.
Jf while we are thus paying off the debt the
bonds could be exchanged for those drawing
only four and one half per cent, interest with-
out changing the principal a great advantage
would be gained by it; but I have no idea such
a thing can be done. No man can give a reason
why a holder of a bond bearing six per cent,
interest would voluntarily exchange it for one
bearing four and a half per cent. Hamilton
attempted to fund the public debt in four per
cent, bonds when he was at the head of the
Treasury Department, but failed. When wo
contrast his ability and the size of the debt at
that time with the ability of Mr. Boutwell and
the size of the present debt, how utterly hope-
less is the scheme of funding the debt on any
acceptable terms. The English people funded
their debt, but to do so were compelled to
make it a perpetual burden, leaving no hope
of its payment. Ours might be funded in the
same way, but in no other. The prospect of
an early payment of the debt, even at its pres-
ent high rate of interest, is worth more than
a reduction of interest with a surrender of all
hope of its speedy extinguishment. Why, who
expects a bondholder to give up his bonds for
something not so good? They are men of
business, and will look upon the exchange as
a business transaction. If it is of benefit to
them they will accept your proposition, but if
it is not they will reject it. What will you do
then? Will you force them to yield ro your
proposition by unfriendly legislation ? That
you have no more right to do than you have to
repudiate the whole debt.
Sir. this provision to reduce the interest on
the debt by funding it is a cheat. If it is
attempted it will end in granting new and addi-
tional privileges to the holder of the bonds to
compensate him for the per cent, he loses in
the exchange, which will be worse than to let
them stand as they are, for the bondholder will
be sure to get the best of such a bargain. If,
however, such a thing can be done without
losing any advantage we now have, I would
cheerfully vote for it. And here let me say,
let me put it on record, that I never will vote
for the payment of a dollar of the public debt
except according to the law under which it
was contracted. You may pass your bills to
strengthen the public credit and your funding
bills, but they are not worth a rush to me it'
they add a dollar to the debt.
But the Radical party claims that we should
postpone thepay ment of the debt; that we should
leave something to posterity to pay. Sir, I again
protest that the nation should in the payment of
its debt imitate the action of individuals of good
judgment and common sense in the payment
