1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
879
of their individual debts. Would a prudent
farmer prefer to leave unpaid a part of the
money due for his land as a lien against it, to
be paid by his children, rather than pay it off as
soon as possible out of surplus funds 7 Would
lie prefer to pay interest all his life in order to
leave something to his children to pay? They
might have occasion to contract debts of their
own after his death, and such a rule as this if
followed would engage each successive genera-
lion in the payment of the debts of their ances-
tors. Why should we desire to leave a public
debt as a legacy to posterity ?
Is this the last and the only national debt to
be contracted ? I wish such was the case, but
the coming generation—yes, sir, this genera-
tion, may be forced to contract another public
debt. Other wars may be waged by this coun-
try either of an offensive or a defensive char-
acter. Other Cubas may struggle against
tyranny. Ireland may again aspire to inde-
pendence. American citizens now unlawfully
imprisoned abroad may continue to cry for
assistance and protection; and the day may
soon come when we shall have a statesman for a
Presidentwith themanhood and moral courage
to throw our sword into the scale of justice.
In that event we shall want no national debt
to hinder or hold us back. _ Even if peace shall
be unbroken, as I trust it may, we want no
oppressive debt to weigh upon the energies
of the people with its crushing weight. But it
is asked, where will we get the $100,000,000 of
greenbacks with which to redeem that amount
of bonds per year? The answer is, out of the
taxes to be collected, as all public debts are
finally paid. This money thus paid for bonds
would be immediately paid out by the bond-
holders in purchases, advanced in loans, or
otherwise invested, and passing into the vol-
ume of circulation would be taken up again in
the payment of taxes, to be again paid out for
other bonds. In this manner the machinery
would go on until every bond_ would be paid
without any increase of the circulation other
than that expansion I have advocated to-day.
To furnish this amount to apply to the payment
of the debt no additional taxes need be levied,
because the present Secretary of the Treasury
has applied in the purchase of bonds out of the
present revenues the sum of §76,716,306 70
since the 1st day of last March without really
reducing the debt, which sum at the end of the
year, if counted in greenbacks, wcyild amount
to over one hundred and twenty-nve million
dollars. On the contrary, the taxes must be
reduced. The amount of taxes to be taken off
is equal to the amount of Government expenses
to be taken off. Even the Republican mem-
bers of Congress are unanimous in the outcry
against high taxes. Well, sir, they have the
power to reduce them ; why do they not do
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Ohm,]
in a speech delivered just before the late recess,
charges that the Army is too large, and that
44 we have a list of officers of every grade on
our pay-rolls sufficient for an army of seventy-
five thousand men, while the staff officers
alone are equal in number to the ordinary
requirements of an army of seven hundred
and fifty thousand." The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] the other day charged
still greater extravagance on the Naval Depart-
ment. Similar charges, more in detail and
involving much greater amounts, can be truth-
fully made against not only these but every
other Department of the Government, But 1
have not time to go into the recital, in the
face of all this profligacy, recklessness, and
extravagance in public expenditures on the
part of the Administration, as conlessed by
its friends and supporters, what manner o
reform does the President suggest in his mes-
sage and what substantial effort to economize
is made by Radical leaders in either House of
this Congress? Not one. They attempt to
deceive the people by proposing to reduce the
taxes without reducing the objects lor which
taxes are collected. If you continue your
present expenditures you must keep up your
present taxes. But this Administration not
only squanders the revenues wrung from the
people at an impoverishing rate, so much so as
to excite the protest of its own friends, but it
proposes to increase the Government expenses,
and consequently the taxes.
The official estimates of the expenses of the
Government for the year ending J une 30, 1871,
prepared by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
which Iholdinmy hand, putthem at $331,097,-
825 62. That is an increase over the actual ap-
propriations made in the last year of Mr. John-
son's administration of $49,682,537. But to
speak more in detail, the estimates for the
civil service are $25,731,685 40, being an
excess over the appropriation of last year of
$1,759,331 GO. The estimates for the mili-
tary service are $33,845,747 75, being an
excess over the appropriation of last year of
$1,131,258 87. The estimates for the naval
service are $24,598,277 37, being an excess
over the appropriation of last year of $9,272,-
031 37. The estimates for Indian affairs are
$5,048,334 51, being an excess over the appro-
priation of last year of $2,145,354 58. The
estimates for pensions are $30,490,000, being
an excess over the appropriation of last year
of $11,240,000. The estimates for public
works are $24,625,173 55, being an excess
| over the appropriation of last year of $19,132,-
173 55. The estimates for miscellaneous
expenditures are $5,531,267 82, being an ex-
cess over the appropriation of last year of
$1,796,676 83. The estimates for postal ser-
vice are $38,008,224 21, being an excess over
the appropriation of last year of $7,729,071 21.
The estimates for permanent appropriations
are $143,219,115, being $4,523,361 less than
the appropriation of last year.
You must add to this the $7,000,000 you
propose to give for the Bay of Samana and the
Island of St. Thomas, and the thousands of
just claims of private persons which are press-
ing you for payment. No wonder thechair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Dawes] is startled at the^ figures, and
utters his daily warning to the friends of the
Administration to pause in their reckless
profligacy for awhile, not for the good of the
country, but to save their party.
This amount which the Administration asks
us to vote for its expenses is greater than is
expended by England, France, or Austria, or
any other empire or kingdom on the earth with
their royal families, standing armies, great
public debts, and all the other burdens which
monarchies and despotisms impose upon their
people; yet this is the Administration which
the people elected in 1868 because ol the
economy it promised to practice. If, as you
allege, you succeeded in the contest on account
of the immense expenditures under Mr. John-
son's administration, what will be^ thefate of
your Administration when we bring it to an
account before the people? This Government,
which was constructed to be the cheapest and
most simple of all forms of government, you
have made the most expensive and complex.
We must simplify and economize. Give back
to the several States those powers you have
lately assumed, restrict the sphere of tederal
action to those limits originally prescribed by
the Constitution, and a reduction of your ex-
penditures will follow. In addition to this,
reduce the Army and Navy, as you yourselves
declare should bo done, reform your Indian
Bureau, simplify your intricate and expensive
revenue system, stop the frauds in the collec-
tion of taxes as well as in their disbursement,
take a portion of the taxes that are now lev ted
ou the necessaries of life and burden the
shoulders of labor and place it upon the Gov-
ernment bonds—in short, practice a rigid
system of retrenchment, economy, and reform
in all branches of the Government, and the
Administration will begin to redeem the prom-
ises you made to the people when you asked
them to lift it into power. Unless it follows
this course it will be rejected by the people.
There was a time when the Radical leaders
broke promises with impunity. There was a
day when in time of great national excitement
and peril the people suffered themselves to be
robbed because they were persuaded that it was
necessary to save the Union. Then any inquiry
into your conduct was deemed disloyal and you
answered it by denouncing it as treason. That
time has passed. You think it has not. You
continue to talk of economy and refuse to prac-
tice it. You make your speeches advocating
retrenchment, but you send your votes into
the Globe, and, as you think, out of sight,
against all measures of substantial reform, just
as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Cobuux]
the other day sent to his constituents his speech
in which ho proves that greenbacks are better
than national bank notes, and to the Globe his
vote against the resolution declaring that bank
notes should be exchanged for greenbacks.
You will no doubt pass bills through this House
for the partial reliefof the people, but you will
first know that they will be defeated in the
Senate or be passed by that body with such
amendments as this House will not accept.
All this jugglery cannot succeed much longer.
Those long lines of people, their splendid
processions, which you met in 1868, and who
received without question your excuse that
Andrew Johnson was in your way as the reason
why you had not served them better, will soon
meet you again and demand of you to tell
them why a Republican President and a Repub-
lican Congress do not redeem tlieir pledges.
But, Mr. Speaker, my hour has about ex-
pired and I will not detain the House further I
have stated the general outlines of that financial
policy which would bring relief to the country.
The abolition of the national banks, an expan-
sion of the circulation, a reduction of the taxes,
economy in the public expenditures, and as
early a payment of the Federal debt as is prac-
ticable in accordance with the contract, should
bo the great objects of our legislation. Those
objects attained would leave us out of debt
without the necessity of a tariff even for revenue
purposes, with our taxes and government ex-
penses reduced to not exceeding $150,000,000
per annum, which, collected from fifty million
people, would scarcely be felt.
Mr. Speaker, those who call most loudly for
relief are the tillers of the soil. It is estimated
by high authority that of those people of the
United States who derive incomes from indus-
trial occupations at least fifty per cent, are
agriculturists, numbering six million four hun-
dred and thirty-five thousand people, whose
annual contribution to the total gross value of
national products this year will amount to
$3,282,000,000. Of this class of our people
Mr. Jefferson once said :
" Tho«e who labor in the earth arc tho chosen peo-
ple of God, if ever Ho had a chosen people, whoso
Iuna.-ts Ho has made llis peculiar deposit for substan-
tial and genuine virtue. It is the ioous in which Uo
koeps alive that sacred fire which otherwise might
escape from tho taeo of the earth. Corruption of
morals in the mass of cultivators is a phenomenon ot;
which no age nor nation has furnished an example.
Sir, it would seem that such a people and
of such numbers, who furnish to the material
wealth of the country such magnificent contri-
butions, should of all others be the most favored
and best encouraged. But such is not the case.
On the contrary, they are the most heavily
burdened. Not a single committee in either
House of Congress is organized in their inter-
est. They have heard of northern men with
southern principles, but now they feel the weigh t
of the ungrateful hand of western men with
eastern principles. They do not fill your lobby,
pressing legislation for their peculiar advantage
or even protection; but reposing their faith in
the integrity of their Representatives, which
serines from their own conscious honesty, they
do not doubt but that all their rights will be
strictly observed and protected. 1 heir unsus-
pecting confidence only invites the minions oi
