880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
capital, the party in power and their friends, to
feed and fatten opon their substance and their
toil.
The leaders of the Roman power and the
commanders of their legions pillaged invaded
countries, and grew rich and flourished on the
spoils taken from their barbarian enemies; but
the leaders of the Radical party are the first to
despoil and deliberately rob their own country,
their own friends, and the people whom they
profess to love and represent. • That they ac-
complish their purpose with so little complaint
can be accounted for only on the ground that
the act is too atrocious and heartless to be
believed by the people upon whose confidence
they thus impose. In behalf of such a people
and those other industrial classes who earn
their bread in the sweat of their faces, in behalf
of all the sons of toil, I appeal to you to-day to
give them the relief I have asked. Free your
minds of that madness which has blinded you
and your hearts from that vengeance and
passion which has poisoned them since the war
began, and lift yourselves to the plane of patri-
otism and perform your duty to your constitu-
ents and to the whole country. If you cannot
be moved by the consciousness of your duty and
the love of justice, I appeal to you to behold
the growing discontent in your party and the
signs of its dissolution, and let party ends and
selfish ambition and the fear of your defeat and
overthrow do for the people what patriotism
and public virtue fails to accomplish.
EXPENDITURES OF THE WAU DEPARTMENT.
Mr. McCRARY. Mr. Speaker, I am not
one of that number who are disposed to com-
plain of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] simply because he has criticised
his friends. For doing that in a spirit of fair-
ness, and so far as the criticism is just, he ought
to be honored, not censured. How far or in
what particulars that criticism was just I am
not now to discuss. My purpose is simply to
call the attention of the House and of the coun-
try to one particular in which injustice was
done if not by the letter at least by the spirit
of what that gentleman said. I allude to the
general charge that all the Departments save
one (the Attorney General's) have estimated
for an increase of expenditure over the appro-
priations of last year. His language was as
follows:
"I have aright to complain of tho other end of
the avenue, that with all its professions of economy
and redaction of unnecessary force in the Depart-
ments, with all the heralding by telegraph or other-
wise of its purpose of reduction, there is not one of
these Departments that does not estimate to-day, in
the book I have beforo mo, for an increase of expend-
iture over the appropriations of last year, save only
one, and that is the poor, unpopular Attorney Gen-
eral. ''
Now, sir, I insist that this statement does
gross injustice to the Department of War. I
speak of that Department because I have ex-
amined the subject only with reference thereto.
I have made no examination as to other Depart-
ments, and therefore speak only of this one.
My purpose is to do an act of justice to an
upright and honest officer by placing before
the House and before the country the actual
facts concerning estimates and expenditures in
the War Department during the years referred
to by the gentleman from Massachusetts. I
am unwilling to believe that that gentleman
would intentionally suppress any fact material
to the issue which he has raised, and I must
therefore act upon the belief that he as an
honest man and a true Republican will be glad
to admit frankly any fact which tends to show
that his charge, so far as this Department at
least is concerned, is not true.
A very material fact in connection with the
War Department estimates for the year ending
June 30, 1871, has been altogether overlooked
by the gentleman, or at least it has not been
stated or admitted by him in either of his
speeches. It is this: that the original estimates,
as contained in the book of estimates which
was quoted from, has been largely reduced by
the Secretary of War. One of the first official
acts of Secretary Belknap was to reduce these
estimates to the lowest possible sum. So great
was this reduction that instead of asking for
$50,000,000, the sum set down by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury as probably necessary for
the War Department, he asks for but a little
over thirty-eight millions, including nearly
three millions to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations last year. The Secretary plainly
states in his report, page 19, that the original
estimates have been "materially reduced."
Was it fair to cite against him the original
estimates of the heads of bureaus and to fail
to give him credit for having reduced these
estimates? Nothing could be more unfair.
But, sir, without multiplying words, I wish to
suhmit to the House a statement showing the
estimates and the expenditures of the War
Department for each of the years ending June
30, 1809, and June 30,1870, and the estimates
for that Department for the year ending June
30, 1871. The statement is as follows, and is
entirely accurate :
The estimates for yoar ending June 30,1869, as re-
vised, were •. $47,593,996 08
The actual expenditures for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1869, were (in-
cluding tho Freedmen's Bureau) $56,701,732 10
To which must be added, for old war
debts paid, the sum of.  23,882,310 60
Making tho total expenditures.   $80,611,0-12 76
Estimate for year onding June 30,1870...865,689,388 85
Balance of appropriation for the quar-
termaster's department on hand June
30, 1869, and available for liscal yoar
ending June 30,1870, of.  $6,806,234 99
There was appropriated for the service
of tho War Department for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1S70  37,538,852 08
The estimated deficiencies are  57,720 00
Making total estimated expenditure
for year ending June 30, 1870 $44,402,807 07
Of this amount there was appropriated—
For preservation and repairs of forts.... $200,000 00
For surveys of military defenses  200,000 00
$400,000 00
The estimates for this work for year
ending June 30,1870, were—
Fortifications  $2,360,500 00
Ilivers and harbors  7,'223,250 00
Total estimato  $9,583,750 00
The total estimate of military appropriations for the
year ending Juno 30,1871, is  $34,531,031 30
In submitting these tho Secretary says:
"In the foregoing estimate tho amounts originally
presented by the heads of bureaus have been mate-
rially reduced, and any appropriation smaller in
amount than that asked for would fail to meet the
necessary wants of the Department/'
Tho following estimates are submitted separately
and are given for the consideration of Congress, as
presented by the chief of engineers:
For fortifications  $4,196,400 00
For rivers and harbors  7,961,900 00
Total $12,158,300 00
As to the fortifications, I urge tho appropriations
asked for tho forts near the larger cities named in
the report of the (leneral of the Army, to wit: Port-
land, Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Now Orleans,
and San Francisco.
Estimates for these fortifications
amount to  $2,619,400 00
Add for public buildings and grounds
and Washington aqueduct, (though
not strictly military appropriations,) 493,970 00
Add estimates of military appropria-
tions. (as given above)  34,531,031 30
Executive, (salaries of Secretary of War
and employes)  634,260 00
Total estimate for yoar ending June
30, 1871 $38,283,661 30
[Note.—From report of Secretary of War.]
The amount required for public buildings and
grounds and Washington aqueduct, as estimated
by the officer in charge, is  $1,021,352 00
Which has been reduced in the esti-
mate presented herewith to  493,970 00
Recapitulation.
Expenditures for year ending Juno 30,1870, (appro-
priated for and estimated at) $44,402,807 07
Estimates, year ending June 30,1871.... 38,283,66l 30
Reduction  $6,119,145 77
From this statement it will be seen that the
estimates in this Department for next year are
less by more than six million dollars than the
expenditures during the current year. And
the Secretary who has done this is charged
with recommending an increase of expendi-
ture. The charge is not sustained by the facts.
Instead of censure the Secretary of War is
entitled to the commendation of the friends ot
economy and retrenchment.
Something has also been said, and said in
not a very respectful manner, about the letter
written by the Secretary of War to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butt.er.J Con-
cerning this matter it is quite sufficient for me
to say that the letter is admitted to be strictly
true and to have been written in answer to a
polite note from General Butler asking for cer-
tain information. The Secretary of War could
not decline to answer, and in answering he was
bound to state the fact that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] had not been to
his Department, to his knowledge, to inquire
about estimates. This is all there is of this
matter. It cannot be made the basis of the
slightest reflection upon the Secretary of War.
He answered General Butler's letter, and an-
swered it according to the fact. He could have
done no less without discourtesy toward a dis-
tinguished member of this House or a suppres-
sion of the truth.
NATIONAL DEBT.
Mr.GOLLADAY. Mr. Speaker, I give notice
that I shall not yield to interruptions. I have
obtained the floor on this occasion to give to this
House and the country some views that I enter-
tain upon the subject of the bonded debt of the
United States and the payment of the same.
I am aware, sir, that for these views I shall
meet with the frowns and taunts of many of
my Radical and Democratic friends upon this
floor. Unmoved by any considerations of this
kind, and unawed by any threats of public
opinion, within or without my party, in this
House or elsewhere, 1 propose, with all due
regard for the opinions of those who differ
with me, most respectfully to urge the reasons
for the "faith that is within me."
Before I proceed to discuss my subject allow
me to say that I hold tnyself responsible to my
God and to my country, and to my constituents
so far as they may be pleased to take any cog-
nizance of my opinions, for any heterodoxy I
may be thought guilty of. I do not propose
to hold my Democratic friends responsible for
my conclusions further than history and fact
will sustain me.
I desire to say further, that if any one shall
say that in proclaiming my views it is done in
opposition to the Government or interest of my
country he or they state that which as a mere
matter of opinion I can readily excuse and tol-
erate; but if charged as a fact, I take the
occasion in advance to pronounce it untrue.
It will be a novel proposition to submit to
the mind of any practical gentleman, that a
government or individual will be weakened by
being relieved from an oppression and load
under which they stagger and groan in agony.
A man who owes $100,000 would fail to appre-
ciate the friendship of another who would insist
that he should continue to owe it, with small
assets to pay, rather than give up what little
he may have and again become free ; he would
feel stronger and would have better credit with
you or me. for tho relief, and he who assists in
the freedom of the man is the true friend ; and
so with the Government. I address no man as
a Democrat simply, nor yet as a Radical; but
all as freemen, competent to understand their
own interest and honest and bold enough to
avow their convictions, and all as patriots who
desire tho v/elfare and happiness of the wholo
people.
On the 17th of December last my distin-
guished friend from Ohio [Mr. Mtjngen] made
a speech on this floor, as reported in the
Globe of that date, in favor of the repudiation
