1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8£$
I shall read, because it is better speaking than
I can present to the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman having
made such a charge, will he now allow me a
word ?
Mr. GOLLADAY. I decline to yield.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I must say that I con-
sider the gentleman's course israther cowardly.
Mr. VOORHEES. So do I.
Mr. GOLLADAY. The gentleman has a
right to form his own estimate of what consti-
tutes cowardice. And, if he so desires it, there
are other theaters on which he may show his
boldness and other means by which he may
testify it than by making such a statement
here.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I only referred to cow-
ardliness in debate.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I return the words of
the gentleman in the spirit in which they are
offered. I presume that he does not mean to
impute cowardice to me. If he and the gentle
man from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] mean to
make such an imputation I defy them physic-
ally, socially, politically, and intellectually.
Sir. ELDRIDGE. You do not show it.
Mr. GOLLADAY. The gentleman's obtuse-
ness cannot see or appreciate it, perhaps. I
shall now read what the gentleman says as to
the administration of General Grant:
" He declared himself tho advocate of those who
gather in from the people what they never paid out
to the Government. He kn ew, or should have known,
that theGovernmenthad received less than fourteen
hundred millions for the sale of its bonds, as I have
shown. In the interest of fraud and usury he an-
nounced a plan by which, if adhered to, the toiling
tax-payers will be compelled to pay for that less
than fourteen hundred millions the almost incalcu-
lable sum of §4,470,918,930—an amount equal to one
fifth of the entire property of tho United States; an
amount more than three times as large by actual
computation as the advancement made by the pur-
chasers of bonds when the nation was bowed down
in despair for the want of money. This illimitable
scheme of plunder proclaimed by tho Executive is
destitute of the slightest support either in equity or
inlaw. Is it equitable to compel a patriotic, self-
sacrificing people to pay the national debt nearly
four times over to a privileged class who never sac-
rificed one drop of blood, one dollar of money, or one
moment's ease to hold fast the unbroken boundaries
of the Republic? That it is not legal 1 will presently
demonstrate."
I indorse that. My friend from Indiana, I
hope, will not suspect me of cowardice when
I say that I agree with him completely. I
agree in every line and word and dot and syl-
lable of that paragraph. But the difficulty, to
my mind at least, is that the gentleman has
seen proper to leave that particular branch of
the argument to show that he is not a repu-
diationist, and plants himself on the Indiana
platform, which he read to the House. But
there is'an inconsistency between the Indiana
platform and the argument of the gentleman
yesterday, or his statement of his position.
The Indiana platform says :
" That we are willing to pay our national debt in
strict compliance with our contracts whether it was
made payable in gold or greenbacks, but wo are
unwilling to do more than that; and we declare that
the five-twenty bonds are payable in greenbacks or
their equivalent; and we condemn the policy of the
Administration, which is squandering millions of
money by buying such bonds at a high rate of pre-
mium when the Government had the clear right to
redeem them at par."
This proposition proposes to ignore all this
question of extortion, all this question of
usury ; to wipe out, as it were, all those beau-
tiful and thrilling word-paintings in which the
gentleman indulged to show how we were
oppressed by the heartless bondholders—wipes
out all that and goes back to the question of
contract.
But the gentleman goes on to tell you that
if you do not do so and so the repudiation of
the debt by the people will be certain and in-
evitable. What is that but a threat of a minor-
ity to a majority? What is that but the gen-
tleman's morally announcing himself to-day
in favor of repudiation in the contingency which
he himself in his speech has announced as hav-
ing happened? If, then, his words are worth
anything outside of his gorgeous drapery and
magnificent intellectual figures, they mean noth-
ing less than what I have stated, and the gen-
tleman cannot sustain himself on the question
of contract, as the contingency which he sup-
posed is now upon us. The Administration
and the_ whole Republican party, with singular
unanimity, have to-day put down their foot in
favor of the proposition that they will pay the
whole funded debt, principal and interest, in
gold.
I conclude, then, that the gentleman is to-
day as much a repudiationist as I am, upon his
own theoretic contingency, but lacks the moral
courage to come out and say before the country
that he is for repudiation. While I have always
considered the theory advocated by my Demo-
cratic friends to be unsatisfactory, I have sup-
ported them as partial repudiation. I have
always been willing to come out boldly and
manfully and announce my convictions, and
the reasons upon which I base them.
But my friend does not stand alone. Let
not my Radical friends flatter themselves that
they too are not open to a similar charge—with
this difference, that while he is in the mud
simply they are deep in the mud ; and so
deeply that I think none of them will have the
face to get up and dare to deny their record
before the country.
1 hold in my hand, sir, a speech made by a
distinguished gentleman on the Republican
side of the House, he of Massachusetts, Hon.
Benjamin 1<\ Butler, made in July, 1868, upon
this subject and in favor of taxing the bonds
of the United States; and I announce here that
he is a repudiationist in theory by his own
record as much as my friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Vooiihees,] and practically far more of a
repudiationist than my friend from Indiana, in
my judgment.
In advocating the taxation of the bonds he
says:
"No intelligent laboring man can ever be per-
suaded by any argument that invested capital, in
amount large or small, ought to escapo equal bur-
dens of taxation as are laid upon his earnings. If
tho capitalist shall choose to oppose himself and
subject his investments to the operation of thissenso
of wrong he will find th*t when aroused it will not
content itselt with righting that wrong simply, but
will surge over in a wave of popular indignation
which will inflict irreparable injury upon him and
his."
Again, he says:
"If, then, you expect that farmer to vote for any
man or party that retains asystomof taxation which
works such results you expect what never has hap-
pened, what never will happen, and what, ought
never to happen in any civilized land. Change it
how you will or can, but it must be changed. If you
do not give relief by law the people will relievo
themselves without you. Tho arguments by which
you justify and sustain it, however specious or how-
ever sound, will fall unheeded on unwilling ears.
You may cry out' good faith' until you are hoarse;
you will be answered that there is no good faith
which works injustice and wrong to a whole people.
There is this alternative; no other; ponder it well-
equalized taxation or repudiation."
Now, sir, I submit if the gentleman from
Massachusetts is not to-day a repudiator?
Does he not know that the Administration has
purposely and intentionally denied to him one
of the alternatives that he presented, and that
to-day he stands upon the other alternative of
repudiation which he admits to be notonly
possible but prophecies to be certain and indis-
putable. I shall have more to say upon that
subject as I proceed.
Mr. Speaker, the first practical question that
presents itself to us as legislators is, are we
able to pay this vast debt ? Next, are we mor-
ally bound to do so ?
When a nation or individual is suspected of
bankruptcy or financial trouble I take it they
are bound by every rule of law and precedent
to make an exhibit, setting forth their condi-
tion, showing assets and debits, that creditors
may judge of the ability to pay. The sum of
all their logic, when carefully and candidly
analyzed, is that we are a great people com-
mercially, and have great character for wealth
and honor, and ought to pay all of our con-
tracts. So say I; but this does not pay the
debt. There are no assets with which to pay.
There is no sinking fund provided by law with
which to discharge our debt at maturity. Not
a single tangible proposition to pay the debt
has ever originated in the Congress. Specula-
tive theories are as numerous as -blackberries.
Intentions to pay at some time, in some way,
vague and indefinite, are frequently made, and
considerable banking is being done on such
collateral, and even is manufactured into a
stock of loyalty ofttimes by parties who have
themselves taken the bankrupt law and repu-
diated under authority of law what they could
not pay, or who wholly refuse to pay anything
that they can get credit for.
These persons often amuse themselves by
abusing those of higher morals because of their
advocacy of repudiation and thank God with
profound self-complacency "that they are not
like other men." One year ago, on this floor,
I laid down this proposition, and I adhere to it
to-day, "Pay all your debts or none." I regret
to say that I find but little if anything in Con-
gress to justify the belief that such a proposi-
tion finds special favor with this body. My
conviction is, the morals of the question of pay-
ment of the public debt is just the amount of
political capital that can be made out of it by
both parties, and no more, at least with those
who are blatant upon this branch of the sub-
ject and prate so glibly of the sacredness of
the public debt. This debt, say they, was con-
tracted on the good faith and honor of the
Government, pledged in the darkest days of
the Republic, to those who furnished means to
preserve the life of the nation, and is therefore
sacred in the eye of every loyal and honest
man. Such twaddle may for the time impose
upon the man of only one political idea, yet to
him who can reason and lay down the passions
of the hour and forget the prejudices engen-
dered by the war of the rebellion, such argu-
ment is mere fustian and clap-trap to catch the
honest, unwary citizen, and swindle him into
an endurance of his chains.
The whole truth is, the Government wanted
money to carry on the war, and sheset to work
to make loans and to find purchasers for her
bonds. The want of confidence in the result
of the war made capitalists very cautious as to
investment. It had to make terms commensu-
rate with the risk to attract capital, which is
ever watchful of its interests. When the
chances were made very alluring capitalists, in
consideration of prospective interest, struck
upon ajarinciple of greed and gain, and that
only, and without one particle of philanthropy
or patriotism in the investment they made
it, and naturally enough wished it Godspeed
thereafter from purely selfish considerations.
We need not stop to specify or particularize the
mode of reasoning by which these money-lend-
ers arrived at the conclusion that they were
making a profitable investment out of the neces-
sities of the Government. The bonds wero
thrown upon the public markets of the world
to tempt the capitalist, whether friend, foe, or
foreigner. If he had the money neither his
politics, religion, country, "race, color, or
previous condition " was regarded by us.
How miserablyabsurd, then,are the Fourth of
July declaimers in assuming that any capitalist
invested in these bonds from patriotic motives,
or even because he was in sympathy with the
section running the Government machinery at
the time, when he took spccial care as aprecau-
tionary measure of safety to himself to require
gold-bearing bonds of double the amount
loaned; thus securing a prospective interest of
twelve to fifteen per cent, on his bonds as well
as one hundred per cent, on the investment at
the time in our bonds. Every man, then, ot
one grain of common sense must know that
this loan was a clear matter of investment or
speculation, and not a throb of patriotism
necessarily or prop6rly fitt&clies to tli© tr&ns-
action. The dealer in bonds, in consideration
of his per cent., took all the risk ot tlie wai, ot
our bankruptcy, of even repudiation, which was
