1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-885
What moral or legal right has any father in
this presence to create a debt of slavery or of
dollars against his offspring ? The laws of the
land will not allow a miuor, nor even a responsi-
ble man of age, to contract a debt against you
or me without our consent, and common sense
and the laws of God forbid that we should con-
tract a debt against him before he is even
charged with the responsibility of manhood.
Ot course no one expects this generation to
pay this debt. If your son were to create a debt
against you, if it were small or susceptible of
convenient payment you might pay it, not as
recognizing his right to create it, but for family
consideration you might pay it; but if the
same party were to do the same thing to the
extent of embarrassing you or of impoverishing
and beggaring your entire family, who of you
would feel bound in morals to pay that debt?
Who would or could reflect upon himself,
or allow others to do so, because as a man of
common sense he repudiates, as he has the
right and as is his duty to the balance of his
family as well as himself, so to do ? Hard and
mortifying as it would be you would let the
one boy suffer the penalty and shame of his
unauthorized act rather than involve your
innocent household in his folly. How perfect
the parallel!
Our folly, our madness, or our evil genius,
no matter what you call it or what shade of
political faitli we may now or heretofore have
represented, has involved this Government,
right or wrong—and of that I need not stop to
inquire—-in a debt that confessedly you cannot
pay. You do not even propose to pay it, but
cruelly transfer it as a legacy to your posterity.
If they consent to pay it, while they may not
be as culpable as we, they will prove them-
selves quite as simple.
I come now to what may be characterized as
the cap-stone of the argument. It is the policy
of gentlemen to treat the question of repudia-
tion as something not. only new but outrageous,
and with "eyes in frenzy rolling" and up-
turned hands they exclaim in holy horror :
" Can such things be,
And overcome us like a summer's cloud.
Without our special wonder?"
Our Republican friends are trying in every
way to connect themselves in the argument of
this quest-ion with the morality and sacredness
of our debt and prefer themselves as the cham-
pions of the bonded interest in this novel claim,
new to them, I imagine, at least. They have not
been very ambitious, it occurs to me, withiu
the last few years of such distinction, but sim-
ply use it as a representative idea, and, like
the Veiled Prophet of Khorassan, they use it
to hide the terrible deformity beneath, in my
judgment.
Mr. Speaker, however unpleasant it may be
to me, I trust they will pardon me if in the dis-
charge of what I regard my duty I shall be
compelled to show by fact and history that they
themselves are repudiators, and whether the
authors of the trick or not they are quite good
practitioners in it and learned it to others, and
that every anathema or denunciation of theirs
against the morality of repudiation returns with
a reactionary force upon their own heads ; and
while I again disclaim the treating of this ques-
tion in any party view, but as a living vital ques-
tion in which all are interested, I must refer to
history and fact for the material with which to
sustain my argument.
Now, let us see if we have any precedent in
the history of the world or even in our own his-
tory for repudiation. England has repudiated
divers times under the reign of Henry VIII.
The British Parliament by solemn act forgave
and repudiated, or caused to be repudiated, all
of his debts in promises, bonds, or otherwise,
of every nature, and twenty years after passed
an act decreeing that he should be discharged
from all debts subsequent to a given date, and
that if he had paid any of these debts, "the
party or his heirs receiving it should repay his
Majesty."
Charles II defrauded his creditora and
cheated the exchequer out of $2,800,000, and
a compromise was made by which $664,226
was recognized, and this is the origin of the
present public debt of Great Britain. Every
reading man knows that this debt, so far from
being diminished, has been increased by over
twenty hundred million dollars since that time,
and that a proposition to pay the principal of
the public debt (except theoretic, as we do
here) has not been made, if thought of, for
over a half century in the British Parliament.
The strange paradox is then presented of the
creditors not wanting payment and the debtor
not being able to pay.
This is a perpetuity of debt, a regular organ-
ized institution, as long as the interest is regu-
larly paid. The one seeks investment perma-
nently therein for capital, the other rime ; and
although it is notorious that the English Gov-
ernment has repudiated, and is in one sense
to-day bankrupt according to all writers on
political economy, wonderful to tell, in spite
of all speculations as to the United States hav-
ing no credit if she repudiated, the precedent
of England shows its utter absurdity. Few of
us but would be glad to trust her promises for
any amount of money whatever.
_ France has repudiated in many ways and in
different forms. One of her kings changed
the value of the national coin twenty-two times
in less than twenty years. During her revolu-
tionary wars she issued assignats to the amount
of 45,000,000,000 francs, and to their redemp-
tion the public faith was pledged in every
conceivable way. Pernicious regulations of
prices were resorted to to give them credit and
circulation. They sunk to one half of one per
cent, of their nominal value, and finally went
out, though a portion of them were redeemed
with mandate at the rate of thirty-eight for one,
and the mandate being national currency shared
substantially the same fate. France to-day
groans under a heavy public debt which she
canuot pay, contracted after all this repudia-
tion, and is bankrupt confessedly as to her
public debt. Think you she would be wiser
or stronger to-day if she were silly enough to
superadd to her present debt the whole of her
repudiated debt during the Napoleonic wars?
Would she have more morals or more credit if
she did so foolish a thing? The repudiation
was notorious and for as great a sum us our
public debt. Who among you to-day v/ould
hesitate to take the obligation of France for all
you may be worth?
Austria, Prussia, Russia, have ail done the
same thing substantially. Massachusetts, in
1749, repudiated her public debt of $2,200,000
by paying one twelfth of this sum in silver;
yet few of us but would like to have the bonds
of that little State even. She, too, has credit.
Virginia, soon after the Revolution, retired
or redeemed her State paper by funding at the
rate of one thousand for one, and notwithstand-
ing the fiery sword of battle has recently de-
vastated her fair fields and laid waste her high-
ways, and that both her revolutionary and
confederate debt has been repudiated, who
shall say to-day that he has lost confidence in
Virginia's credit. Last, though not least, I
will refer to the United States. Need I tell the
reading men of this House that our continental
money and debt was effectually repudiated ?
Need I tell them that the public faith was most
solemnly pledged to the public creditor for the
payment of this debt? Need I tell them that
this debt was made with and to our own peo-
ple—for we had no credit abroad—for the pur-
pose of wresting from the hand of a despot our
liberty, and that for our proud position as a
people we are indebted to these loans and the
sacrifices of the men who made them, not as a
loan, but a free-will offering to patriotism, for
our liberty. When it was first speculated that
this money would be allowed to die oti the
hands of the people Congress denounced all
such rumors as ialse and derogatory to its
honor. Thesarucbody declared thatthis money
should be redeemed dollar for dollar, and that
the liberty of our people was cheap at that price.
The present Congress are making the same
declarations by acts to strengthen the public
credit, and resolutions and denunciations of
those who do not believe in our ability to pay
this vast debt.
The Congress, before the close of our revo-
lutionary war, proposed to repudiate ninety-
nine dollars out of every hundred by funding the
continental money at the rate of one hundred
for one. The depreciation went on until it
reached one thousand for one, and then dropped
out of circulation. Congress still occasionally
considered this subject up to the close of the
war, but in a schedule of the public debt pre-
pared by a committee of Congress in 1783 the
item of continental money is not even men-
tioned, yet the issues of continental money at
that time were estimated at $357,476,641, while
the committee only recognized $35,500,376.
Now, then, gentlemen, unleash your blood-
hounds against history, denounce our fathers,
turn loose every sluice of detraction and vitu-
peration upon them; call them robbers, cut-
throats, villains, thieves, or what you" will;
prove them guilty of every crime in the cal-
endar, sport with their honor -as you will;
glorify yoffirselves hugely, exalt yourselves at
their expense, but I charge you to look at the
truth of history and tremble for fear the ghost?
of these patriotic men, not of mere theory or
moral buckram, but of nerve and sacrifices,
point their skeleton fingers at you until con-
science strips your verbiage of all its sound and
fury, and shows you, as in a glass, your true
motives, and causes your knees, like Belshaz-
zar's, to tremble in the presence of your
superiors.
And you, myDemocratic friends, who are so
swift to repudiate the repudiators, how like
you the picture? And ye Republicans and
Democrats, I now hold in my hands your bonds
for £450 continental money, the price of your
liberty, due and unpaid for near eighty years,
and with its interest at six per cent., amount-
ing, principal and interest, to some seven
thousand five hundred dollars. I demand of
you payment, as the representative of a rev-
olutionary ancestry and the owner of the claim
1 preseut. Introduce your bill at once to pay
me in bonds payable in gold and semi-annual
gold interest. The evidence of debt is unques-
tioned and unchallenged. If you cannot do
this, cease prating your anti-repudiation senti-
ments and meet the arguments of those who
differ from you with logic rather than sneers
and denunciations. But this is not all of
repudiation in the American Congress.
1 charge you, my Republican friends, with
repudiation. You have by your legislation de-
stroyed the property of four loyal States of this
Union, to wit, Missouri, Maryland, Kentucky,
and Delaware, amounting to $460,000,000;
and recognizing the fact that you under the
Constitution "could not take private property
for public purposes without compensation"
you drafted or caused to be enlisted a number
of able-bodied men, and passed a repudiation
act by agreeing to pay loyal owners $300 per
head for "that which cost and was worth twelve
to fifteen hundred dollars, thus, repudiating
four fifths of a debt recognized as valid by your
own act; and, as if to give the world assurance
of your repudiation sentiments, then actually
repudiated your own act by refusing to pay
even the $300. Who shall say hereafter that it
is your fault if repudiation is not respectable ?
Every sale of gold is repudiation ; every act of
bankruptcy is repudiation; every refusal to
pay an honest claim due States or citizens is
repudiation ; and your legislation bristles all
over with and even smells with repudiation.
I have thus far noticed, first, our inability to
pay the public debt as showing a necessity for
repudiation; second, the morality of repudiating
it; third, the argument against it; and fourth
and lastly, the precedents in favor of it—and
successfully to my mind, at least. I might
