1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
spoken the sentiments of the party freely and
fully.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voob-
hees] was, 1 think, understood in his speech
of yesterday; other gentlemen have endeav-
ored to make themselves understood upon
these questions. I undertook to state my
views the other day upon this subject, and I
tried to make myself understood. I have now
in my possession, I am happy to say, a dollar
greenback, and the language upon the back
of it expresses my views upon the payment of
the national debt. It is a new note, one re-
cently issued. I read the language as printed
on the back of the note :
"This note is a legal tender at its face value,for
all debts, public and private, cscept duties on im-
ports and interest on the public debt."
This note is of the series of 1860. I have
not been able to find the date upon it. I do
not know that it is dated, but it is of the very
latest issue.
Now, sir, the Democratic party generally,
though with some exceptions, have, as I under-
stand, .taken the position of Indiana upon this
question. I speak more particularly of the
Democratic party in the western States. We
do claim—I should not say "we," I should
rather say I claim, if it interests any one to
know—that all the debts, public and private,
of individuals and the Government, so far as
regards the law which we have placed upon the
statute-book, so far as Congress by its enact-
ments can make them, are payable, with the
exceptions named in the language I have just
read, in the legal-tender greenback " lawful
money" of the country.
A gentleman by my side who, more fortunate
than myself, happens to have a five dollar note
of the old series, has allowed me to read what
it has upon it. In addition to the words upon
the other, this additional statement is, "and
is receivable in payment of all bonds or loans
made to the United States." And this is the
mere statement of the law itself—a transcript
from it as it was understood when the notes
were first issued, when the bonds, too, were
issued and taken. In other words, the notes
issued by the Government prior to the act of
last session, had this declaration upon them :
" This note is alegal tender atits face value forall
debts, public and private, except duties on.imports
and interest oil the public debt, and is receivable in
payment of all loans made to the United States."
I believe this to be a correct statement of
the law. I believe all debts, with the two
exceptions, are payable as therein stated.
Now, is there any uncertain sound in that?
Is there any want of courage in stating that?
Why should I lack courage on this point?
That venerable man who was until recently
the leader of the Radical majority in this House;
who led it for many years and during ail that
period when the bonded debt was beingcreated,
but who has now gone to his final rest, declared
upon the floor of this House—I do not under-
take to repeat his words—that it would be lolly
and dishonesty to pay the bonds the five-
twenty bonds—" a public crime." A gentleman
near me reminds me of the language a " pub-
lic crime " to pay this debt in any other way
than in the lawful money.
And, Mr. Speaker, I say to you here now
that that debt was contracted with the under-
standing that it was to be paid in legal-tender
money—the lawful money of the country as it
was declared by the Congress of the United
States
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman allow
me a question?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to know how the
gentleman proposes the Government shall pay
that promise to pay which he has read I
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That^is a very singular
inquiry to come from that side of the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN rose.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I cannot yield further to
the gentleman at this moment. He must let
me first answer his question.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me
an inquiry ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Not now; I must answer
one question at a time and take gentlemen in
their turn.
Mr. GOLLADAY. Mr. Speaker, I submit
whether it is in good taste for the gentleman
to take my fight out of my hands.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. In disposing of the ques-
tion of "cowardice" I have got through the
part of the subject in which the gentleman from
Kentucky is particularly interested. The gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] asks
me how I propose to pay this debt. I propose
to pay it just exactly as we agreed to pay it by
the law and the contract creating it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. How, according to the
gentleman's understanding, did we agree to
pay it?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that we
agreed to pay it according to the contract into
which we entered. The gentleman has my
answer. Now let me ask him how he under-
stands we were to pay it?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understood that we
were to pay it in gold and silver.
Mr. ELRIDGE. So did I. The gentleman
has furnished me the answer that I would have
given to him if he had refused to give it to
me.
Here, then, is a currency which is payable
in gold and sdver according to the promise of
the Government, and which by the terms of
the law is made a legal tender for all debts,
public and private. Yet the gentleman and
his party attempt to depreciate—they do in
fact depreciate—this currency from twenty to
twenty-three cents below its nominal value,
below the bonded debt which they have created
and promised to pay in this currency. If then
the greenback is payable in gold and silver
and is now due, as it is now certainly due,
why should it be, why is it worth less than
the five-twenty ? They are both promises of
the same Government; both are for moneys
loaned to the Government to carry on the war!
If the greenback is a depreciated currency
why should not the other promises of the same
Government be depreciated? What justice is
there in making a distinction in the promises
of the Government ? The bonds were taken
by those who received or purchased them with
full knowledge that they might be paid accord-
ing to this statement on the back of the green-
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then, if I understand the
gentleman, he proposes to pay the bonded debt
in "greenbacks," and then pay the "green-
backs" in gold ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman will un-
derstand me as I have said, that we propose
to pay it precisely as we agreed to pay it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the gentleman un-
derstand that to have been our agreement?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Our agreement is in the
language which is upon the back of this note :
"This note is a legal tender for all debts, public
and private, except the interest on the public debt
and duties upon imports."
That is the agreement. That is the way I
would pay the debt.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not quite understand
the gentleman.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. For that I am not to
blame. I think the gentleman need not mis-
understand me. I must resume the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to know whether
I stated his proposition correctly when I said
that he proposes to pay the bonded debt m
"greenbacks," a specimen of which he holds
in his hand, and afterward to pay the "green-
backs' ' in gold ? I wish to know whether that
is the gentleman's theory?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman can un-
derstand me if he will. This was the ®gree"
ment when the bond was made, that it should
| be paid in this money. The gentleman wishes
I to escape responsibility by pointing to results.
If the Government will honestly and according
to promise pay its greenbacks we oerfcainly.can
pay the other debt.
Mr. VOORHEES. I wish to submit this
matter to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Benjamin.] The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Davis] and every other gentleman on the
other side of the House-—
Mr. ELDRIDGE. ' I will yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana for a moment.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to being cross-exam-
ined when I have not been allowed to ask a
question.
Mr. VOORHEES. I will submit, then, what
I have to say upon general principles, and not
in respect to anything said by the gentleman
from New York. I referred to him because I
saw he was anxious to make the inquiry. I
say that Mr. Stevens, now dead and gone, who
drafted this bill a8 chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, said upon the floor of this
House that he would rather vote for Frank
Blair for President of the United States, or
rather Vice President—I do not know that he
coupled his name with that of Horatio Sey-
mour ; but General Blair being the most obnox-
ious to that side of the House at that time the
old gentleman took his name to produce a
strongillustration—he said that he would rather
vote for him than to vote for any man who so
construed this contract or this Jaw that these
live-twenty bonds were payable in gold. Now,
instead of making war on us make war on him.
As the preachers sometimes say in reference
to an unpleasant text: "Make war on Paul
and not on me." Mr. Stevens was your great
leader; answer him, and when you have got
through answering him then answer Oliver P.
Morton, of my State; answer John Sherman,
of Ohio, then answer the State conventions of
Indiana and Ohio. When you get through
with answering your own great leaders who
thus construed this law then come to ns. We
are standing where your own party leaders of
the greatest renown stood until this present
Administration took its departure last spring
in the inaugural of the President.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And when the other
side gets through answering all to whom my
friend from Indiana has referred, let me ask
them to answer the present leader of their party
in the House of Representatives, Hon. Ben-
jamin F. Butler, of Massachusetts. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. VOORHEES. I beg his pardon for
not having mentioned him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. lam glad you did not,
for you would not have left anything for me to
say. I now yield to the gentleman from New-
York to ask me a question,, butnot for aspeech.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to know whether on
this subject the Opposition adopt Mr. Butler
as their leader ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir, not quite that;
bu£ we never act against a correct principle
because a bad man or even the leader of your
party goes for it. [Laughter.] Mr. Speaker,
I am not trifling on this subject. I believe the
understanding of the House of Representatives
of the Congress of the United States and of
the people of the country when we created
these five-twenty bonds was that they were to
be paid in the currency the people had to re-
ceive in payment of debts due them. And I
would like to know—I would like to have
some gentleman on this floor tell me why we
should pay for the blood and sinew and muscle
and life of the soldier in this money and not
the bondholder. I would like to know why I
as a citizen or you as a citizen should be
obliged to recieve this money as a legal t®n(*er
in payment of debts due us, and why we should
not pay the bonded debt of the country m the
same. What right has the bondholder to be
paid in a superior currency ? What better is
he than we? , , .
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments ? .
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will yield to the gen-
tleman.
