888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman from Wis-
consin asks a question in this connection which
I have often asked in other forms myself and
to which I have never been able to get a full
and satisfactory answer. After giving the sub-
ject much careful attention- I have come to
the conclusion that while the mass of the Re-
publican .party, especially in the West, would
like to see these bonds paid according to the
contract atid in :no other way ; would like to
have at least a'portion of those five-twenty
bonds paid in the legal-tender currency of the
country immediately, and thus remove the pres-
sure which now weighs upon us in the West
growing out of the want of sufficient currency
to meet the demands of trade, they are pro-
hibited from enforcing their desire by the
leaders of theparty, who either own these bonds
or have a controlling influence in the moneyed
interests of the country.
These men to a certain extent own the Re-
publican party. They furnish the money to
carry its elections, and having thus a sort of
mortgage interest on the party for their annual
advances to it they will not submit to have
their bonds depreciated, as they call it, in this
way. They therefore restrain the masses
of the party from doing what their sense of
justice prompts them to do; that is, from
advocating a policy which treats the public
and private creditors of the Government alike.
Money is now a power in elections as it is in
war. With the Republican party it is in the
main an essential power in its elections. With-
out the assistance of their moneyed leaders it
dares not risk a contested canvass. These men
who thus furnish the means of success of
course give tone to the party. By threats,
intimidation, ridicule, or whatever other means
they find necessary they control the party as
they wish.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My friend from Indiana
has told us why it is not done, but he has given
us no reason why it should not be done.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman asked why
it was not done. I responded by saying that
the capitalists and substantial owners of the
Republican party would not allow it to be done.
That is sufficient for the purpose I have in view.
The gentleman certainly understands that I am
arguing on his side and trying to sustain him
in this contest.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not put it in that
way, but as a moral question, a question of
propriety, a question of justice, and asked why
we should not pay the public debt of the coun-
try in the same money which we paid for the
services and for the lives of the soldiers in the
Army. Can the gentleman give me a good rea-
son why we should discriminate between the
two obligations?
Mr. NIBLACK. Certainly not; but the capi-
tal of the country has decreed that we shall so
discriminate. I denounce these discriminations
as earnestly as the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then my friend and I
perfectly agree why it is not done, and I under-
stand,! think,why it is that the gentleman from
Kentucky is driven to the dread alternative of
repudiation, what it is that has forced his judg-
ment to that conclusion. It is on account of
the financial policy of the party having the con-
trol over the finances of the country. It is the
course, the action of that party that may bring
it about, that may force it upon the country.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Certainly. I cannotrefuse
to allow the gentleman from Massachusetts to
interrupt me, when I have allowed everybody
else to do so.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether he considers that Congress has the
right to declare that the Government shall pay
the debt in coin? Congress in 1869 expressly
declared that the whole interest-bearing debt
of the United States was payable in coin and
that the faith of the nation was pledged thereto.
Now, after that declaration,does not every man
to whom a bond is assigned hold it on the faith
of that promise of Congress?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Will the
gentleman from Wisconsin yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I cannot yield at present.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I only wished
to ask the gentleman from Massachusetts to
read the balance of the declaration which he
quoted ; the gentleman misquotes it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will take care of the
gentleman from Massachusetts myself if my
friend from Minnesota will allow me. I am
very glad that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts has put that question to me. If he had
listened as attentively to the first portion of
my remarks as he seems to be listening now I
think he would have understood my position as
to that. He puts the question to me whether
the United States have the power to declare
that this public debt shall be paid in gold and
silver. Well, sir, 1 did not suppose till the gen-
tleman's party was in power that the United
States had the right to make it payable in
anything else.
I never supposed it was possible for the Uni-
ted States, under the Constitution, to make
anything else than gold and silver a legal tender;
but the gentleman and his party have taught
me, at all events, that so far as congressional
enactments are concerned, they may make
almost anything a legal tender. They have
made this miserable stuff a legal tender, and I
suppose they consider that it is so by the law
of the laud. The gentleman tells me that in
1809 Congress made a declaration that all the
debt should be paid in gold and silver. I do
not wish to evade the point at all. This House
did make such a declaration in substance. I
do not uudertake to repeat the language. The
gentleman may have read it all and read it cor-
rectly.
Mr. HOAR. If the gentleman will allow me
I will read it now.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No; not now. The gen-
tleman has" asked me one question. I cannot
answer two questions at a time. I never had
that faculty. I am a Yankee; but I cannot
come up to Yankee lawyers if they possess that
ability. I grant that Congress did make such
a declaration ; and how did it come to-make
it? We had a vast debt, an overshadowing
debt, that controlled almost every interest in
this whole broad "land. It reached everybody;
it had its influence upon everybody ; and either
from the interest which gentlemen upon this
floor had in the public debt themselves, or the
interest which their constituencies had in the
public debt, they were induced to declare in
1809, after every dollar of the debt had been
created, that thereafter it should be paid in
gold and silver. Now, I ask gentlemen what
necessity was there for making that declara-
tion? If the contract, if the original contract
was to pay in gold, why, in Heaven's name,
what necessity or propriety or sense was there
in Congress declaring the debt payable in gold
and silver? The very fact that such a declara-
tion was thought to be necessary shows, is a
most pregnant admission, that originally and
before this declaratory act of Congress the debt
was not payable in gold and silver.
I now come more more directly to my answer
to the gentleman from Massachusetts. I say
emphatically that the Government of the Uni-
ted States cannot, after the debt has been
created, of its own volition change the time or
manner of payment.
Congress has not the right or constitutional
power, in my judgment, to make that debt pay-
able in any other manner than that provided
in the original contract. It is a declaration by
one of the parties to the contract only. If the
Congress can change the contract in one par-
ticular it may in every particular. So that
whatever the act of 1869 provided, it is, in so
far as it changes the contract, utterly null and
void. It takes two parties at least to make
this contract, the Government oil the one Side
and the creditor on the other. If Congress
could do such a thing it would be the grossest
injustice to the people whose interests it repre-
sents. But I rest on the assertion it has not
the power. •
Now, I want- to ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoak,] for this is a sub-
ject on which I am perfectly willing that he
shall Shed the effulgence of his mind, why it
was necessary to pass that declaratory act of
1869? Will the gentleman answer?
Mr. HOAR. Because the public declarations
of the -gentleman's political associates had
thr&wti doubts in some foreign countries on
the good faith of the nation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Ah ! Mr. Speaker, was
it because my political associates had thrown
doubts upon it? The gentleman's colleague
[Mr. Butler] had thrown doubts upon it. Mr.
Stevens, of Pennsylvania, had thrown doubts
upon it. Other leading Republicans in the
House and the Senate had thrown doubts upon
it. The law itself had thrown doubts upon it.
The advertisement upon every greenback bill
issued had thrown doubts upon it. Younotonly
doubted, but you knew that no such contract
had ever been made. You sought in the in-
terest of the rich bondholder to give him more
than the Government had promised.
Mr. HOAR. What I said was that their
declarations had thrown doubts in some foreign
countries on the good faith of the nation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The good faith of the
nation is always preserved by keeping its prom-
ises and performing its obligations, and to pre-
serve the good faith of the nation it is just as
necessary to keep faith with the poor tax-payer
bowed to the earth with the crushing weight
upon him as the rich bondholder who'would
wring the life-blood from him if permitted.
Mr. STEVENSON. "Will the gentleman
yield to me for one question ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suppose I must, al-
though I wanted to say two things in connec-
tion if I could, but I yield.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understood the gen-
tleman to speak of something he had in his
hand as " this miserable stuff." I would like
to know to what the gentleman alluded ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I alluded to the dirty,
filthy sliinplasters that the gentleman would
put away down in his boots rather than carry
in his pockets if he could get gold and sil-
ver.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman means
what are commonly called "greenbacks?"
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes.
Mr. STEVENSON. I want-to know if the
gentleman wants any more of them ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Iam obligedto have them
to pay for my breakfast; I can get nothing else
to pay with. If I could get gold and silver I
would not touch the filthy stuff.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does the gentleman
want more of them issued?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I must have them; I
cannot get along without them; I would rather
have gold and silver. Your party has demor-
alized the whole trade, business, and money of
the country; you have destroyed the currency
of the country, and I in common with the rest
of the people must take what I can get. This
stuff is legal tender to me—made so by act
of Congress, and I am obliged to take it or
nothing. I have been obliged for several years
to take it in payment of debts due me both
from the Government and individuals.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not like to inter-
rupt the gentleman, but I would like to ask
him one more question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Very well.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will not the country
be so much the worse the more of this " mis-
erable stuff" we have?
Mr. PETERS. The more grease and the
more dirt.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not know how that
can be. It can scarcely be worse. It is about
as bad off as it can be now.
