890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
When I heard agentleraan urging that there
had been a want of consideration I regarded
his speech as a speech in the interest of repu-
diation, and I adopted and iudorsed it with
pleasure. I know there are many outside of
this House who hold the same views as I do,
but who think the time has not come for them
to develop themselves. Whether the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] belongsto
that class I do not kuow, and I do not charge
him with it. It is enough for me that I shall
be entitled to state my convictions, as I believed
I had a right to do, without being chargeable
with cowardice, moral, social, or political.
And when a charge of cowardice was brought
against me, I merely threw back the taunt on
the gentleman who made it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I send to the Clerk's
desk to be read the remarks of the gentleman
from Kentucky as taken down by the reporters.
The Clerk read as follows:
"If betakes the other portion of the argument,
that there was no consideration, that there were
usury and extortion, then the gentleman is squarely
on my platform; and he and the Democratic party
are upon my platform, although, in my judgment,
they have not the courage to say so in the face of
the civilized world."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Now, Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman from Kentucky will see that it was
he who made the charge of lack of courage,
and he must not say that it was in response to
anything that I said, for he had not allowed
me to utter a word. My interjection into his
speech.was simply that it was cowardly in him
not to yield for a remark in reply after he had
made that charge. I made the remark, how-
ever, in no offensive sense. The gentleman
knows that his relations and mine are such that
T would say nothing to do him personal injus-
tice or injury. But I did think he failed to
exhibit that high moral courage which is willing
to allow sentiments and opinions entertained
and deliberately expressed as his were to be
challenged. I supposed he was prepared to
defend each and every proposition in his writ-
ten speech. In my judgment he did injustice
to the Democratic party and to the bold and
outspoken though small minority on this side
of the House.
We have gone through too many fiery trials
in the last few years; we have had opportuni-
ties to display our moral courage on this floor
too often ; and the conduct of the party—I
speak not of myself as an individual, but of
the party—has been too brave and manly to
deserve the taunt which the gentleman's speech
contained; and, sir, I believe there are no
hidden sentiments in the party, no concealed
opinions upon questions of public policy ; we
have no convictions as a party that as indi-
vidual members we feel bound to conceal, none
that we have not the courage to utter; none
that the party would not have us express. I
deny utterly that the Democratic party as such
entertains the idea of not paying the public
debt. It may, individuals may fear that the
party having the control of affairs will so con-
duct itself and so manage that repudiation
will as a result follow. I confess to these appre-
hensions. When I see the course pursued I
am filled with alarm. But to fear that this
calamity may come to warn against the causes
that may bring it is neither to be a repudiator
or to desire repudiation.
Now, one word more and I have done. The
gentleman says that when we would pay the
bonded debt in greenbacks we are pro tanto
repudiators. I say that is not. so ; tor it is a
fulfillment of the contract, and it is no repu-
diation to pay just as we agreed. It is repudia-
tion to deny the contract either one way or the
other. We are not willing to stand with the
gentleman from Kentucky as repudiators, and
we do not desire that he shall increase his
shame or his glory by associating us with him
on that point. We on ourpart are determined
to pay the debt just as we agreed to pay it. Is
not that enough? Is that repudiation? Is
that in the nature of the repudiation to which
the gentleman referred when he presented to
this House and demanded payment of the bond
which was given as he says to create the Gov-
ernment under which we live?
Mr. Speaker, I thought it came with rather a
poor grace from him to demand paymentof that
bond from the Government when w.e are strug-
gling under an immense debt which he claims
we cannot and ought not to pay. I cannot see
the propriety of the gentleman coming here and
demanding the payment of that bond in the
name of justice, in the name of right, in the
name of the contract, and at the same time
referring to its non-payment as a precedent
and reason why we should not pay our pre-
sent debt.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GOLLADAY. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. Cleveland] is
entitled to the floor. Does he yield to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Golladay?]
Mr. CLEVELAND. I will yield to him for
five minutes.
Mr. GOLLADAY. Mr. Speaker, this to my
mind has been a most extraordinary debate. I
think the gentleman from Wisconsin—speak-
ing in a parliamentary sense—has neither logic
nor reason to vindicate his conclusions. The
very paragraph from my speech which the
gentleman from Wissonsin desired to have
read, and which formed a part, not of the re-
marks which I had written but of those which
were spoken in the heat and hurry of debate,
that very paragraph excused me from having
charged the Democratic party with being in
favor of repudiation ; for I put in the saving
clause "in my judgment," and the gentleman
knows that such language is entirely parlia-
mentary and within the range of debate in this
House without being regarded accusative or
invidious.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not object to the
gentleman's right to make the statement but
to his judgment in making it.
Mr. GOLLADAY. And the gentleman took
occasion to taunt me because I held up $1,500
of continental money, and called upon Dem-
ocrats and Republicans to prove that they were
not in favor of repudiation by coming up and
paying it where the evidence of debt was so
clear and so unchallenged from any quarter
whatever. I knew the gentleman would not
agree to pay it, and although he announces
himself as an anti-repudiationist his conscience
is quite easy in rejecting and discarding the
war debt created by our fathers for our liberty,
thus repudiating our fathers' contract, and at
the same time claiming credit for requiring our
children to pay our war debt.
He is going to repudiate my claim because
I advocate the repudiation of claims which he
himself proves to have originated in fraud and
extortion and wrong, and without equity or
any legal consideration whatever. That is
the sum and substance of the whole dispute
between the gentleman and myself. If the
gentleman can make any capital in that way
let him do so. If he and his friends are in
truth and in fact and in good faith in favor
of paying all the debts of the country let them
vote to pay this note of mine which has been
steeped in the blood of an ancestry as noble as
any nation ever claimed on earth. I ask him as
an anti-repudiator and his allies who desire to
make a record against repudiation to show
their faith by their works and pay me in gold
according to the promise on the face of this
note. When they can do that they can speak
against repudiation with more propriety and
less shamefacedness.
FINANCU AND TAXATION.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Mr. Speaker, I do not
believe the resolution read to this House at the
instance of the chairman of the Committee on
Banking and Currency, at the time the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Mttngen] made his per-
sonal explanation on the 12th instant, as having
been adopted at a meeting held in Mercer
county, Ohio, which resolution declares for the
repudiation of the national debt, expresses the
true sentiments of any considerable number
of the inhabitants of the great State of Ohio.
I cannot believe it.
I have great faith in the people of Ohio,
strengthened by commercial relations with
every part of the State, and I have always found
them duly jealous of their own commercial
honor and prompt to meet all their business
engagements, and I do not believe that the
people of that State are any less zealous in
upholding the financial honor of the United
States, notwithstanding the resolution pur-
porting to have been adopted at a meeting in
Mercer county.
I know that it has been and still is the cus-
tom of our friends on the other side of the
House to charge upon the Democratic party a
desire to repudiate the national debt, but the
charge is false—as false as that other charge,
made on this floor and elsewhere upon every
occasion, and repeated a day or two since by
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent, J
that the Government was not properly sus-
tained by Democrats in its efforts to reduce
the rebellion, and that Democrats hesitated
when their personal services were most needed
in the field.
During the last presidential election the cry
of repudiation became a battle-cry under which
the Republicans rallied their successful hosts
against the Democratic party. It was echoed
everywhere by their paid orators; it still stares
at us in all their newspapers, meets us on this
floor, assails us in conversation, is preached
at us from the pulpit, and we hear solemn
prayers sent up to the Maker of us all begging
that He may interfere to prevent the barbarous
Democrats from repudiating the national debt!
Why, Mr. Speaker, the Republican party is
full of repudiation to the very brim ; so full
that it runs over and stains and damages every
locality in which that party is raised to power.
It has repudiated its pledged word time and
again. It has gone before the country upon
distinct issues, and after having secured the
votes of its dupes it has repudiated its solemn
pledges made in its great party conventions.
A proposition for open and direct repudiation
by means of an amendment to a pending bill
was made on Tuesday last by the great leader
of all the faithful at the other end of the Cap-
itol. When the act of February 25,1862, made
Treasury notes a legal tender, that party, then
in power in the State of New York, proceeded
at the earliest moment to repudiate the solemn
pledge of the State, and ordered the interest
on its bonds to be paid in a depreciated cur-
rency, notwithstanding the strenuous opposi-
tion of her Democratic Governor. And I am
glad to find the following recommendation in
the annual message of Governor Hoffman, sent
to a Democratic Legislature convened for the
first time since the disgrace was put upon the
old Empire State:
" Interest on the State Debt.
"I recommend that provision be made for the pay-
ment in coin, or its equivalent, of the interest on that
portion of the State debt which was incurred before
the late war, and of the principal thereof as it ma-
tures. It was contracted in specie, and the honor and
good faith of the State forbid that either interest or
principal should be paid in a depreciated currency.
Failure to pay this interest in gold occurred first in
1863, and has continued to this time. This failure
was bad faith and bad policy. The State has forscven
years been repudiating a portion of its obligations,
and I trust you will take prompt measures to save it
from further dishonor."
And now a large portion of the Republican
party has the unblushing effrontery to cope
before the American people with a proposition
to repudiate the promise of the Government
made to the people and to the capitalists as to
the kind of money in which the greater part of
the national debt should be paid.
To reduce the subject to a simple matter, as
understood by the mass of people, a contract
was entered into between the people of this
country and the capitalists of the world. That
