1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
contract specified that those capitalists should
pay into the Treasury of the United States
certain dollars in lawful money; and they did
so pay. It specified on behalf of the people
that these capitalists should receive certain
bonds as evidence that they had so paid, and
upon the face of these bonds it was specified
that these capitalists should receive interest at
the rate of six per cent, per annum payable in
gold semi-annually, and that has been paid to
them in good faith. But nowhere is there any
act or specification that authorizes or requires
the principal to be paid in coin.
But now these very conscientious politi-
cians who express so much horror at the very
mention of repudiation, come forward and
declare that that contract shall be repudiated!
They declare that the Government shall not
keep faith ; that the Government shall not pay
these bondholders according to contract, in the
lawful money of the United States, but that the
Government shall repudiate its pledge, shall
withhold the lawful money and pay the bonds
in coin only. Let me ask these gentlemen, are
there two kinds of lawful money'—one kind for
the capitalist—and another kind for the people ?
Is the lawful money the capitalist pays to the
people paper money only, and the lawful money
the people pay to the capitalist gold money
only ?
In no other way can they make a successful
defense against the charge of repudiation.
Mr. Speaker, I comefrom aDemocratic State;
the only State north that stood firmly by this
Union all through the war and up to the pres-
ent time, and that has at every presidential
election successfully resisted the overwhelm-
ing tide of Radicalism and power that swept
over the country as with a besom of destruc-
tion, carrying away many of the most sacred
rights of the States and of the people, drifting
the scales from the hand of justice and well-
nigh driving her weeping from the country.
If the Democratic party as such were in-
clined toward repudiation it certainly would
be found in the State of New Jersey; but I
defy these gentlemen to collect a meeting,
never so small, in any part of that glorious
old sovereign.State where they can procure
the adoption of "any such resolution as the
one presented here a few days ago, purporting
to have been adopted in Ohio, favoring the
repudiation of the national debt.
New Jersey is sacred soil, and from the days
when Washington's army recrossed the Del-
aware, leaving the blood of liberty in every
foot-print across the State from Trenton to
Morristown, it has been known as conserva-
tive, executing the laws without partiality or
party prejudice, and believing solemnly in the
binding character of all contracts, whether on
the part of individuals or of the Government;
and the people of New Jersey believe it to be
the duty of the Government to pay the five-
twenty bonds in the lawful money of the Uni-
ted States according to law and justice.
But there were details in the contract. These
bonds were made redeemable in five years or
payable in twenty years; that is to say, the
Government reserved to itself the option of
redeeming them in five years if it should desire
to do so, but bound itself to pay them in twenty
years. So far the Government has not taken
advantage of the option, but has contented
itself with selling its surplus gold, purchasing
the amount of bonds authorized to be purchased
for the sinking fund, and speculating in bonds
with the balance of the proceeds from the sales
of gold, amounting to about sixty-five millions
in the last ten months. I say speculating,
because the Secretary of the Treasury has
without authority of law purchased .these
$65,000,000 in bonds at a premium which he
acknowledges to have been an average ox
seventeen per cent, up to the 1st of Decem-
ber last, being a loss to the Government of
$11,000,000, or about the same amount in cur-
rency that Mr. Seward paid for the icebergs,
uncaught seals, and pauper Indians of Alaska.
The very fact of his entering the market as a
speculator in bonds carried up the price most
fearfully, for the Government is a tremendous
bull in Wall street when it undertakes to be;
and we shall all be fortunate if in tossing about
the Government finances they are not allowed
to fall at lastand be torn by the bears, with whom
the bulls are often on very friendly terms.
These bonds, we are told, have been pur-
chased " subject to the future action of Con-
gress and pray what can that future action
be ? They are paraded in our debt statements
as a reduction of the national debt! Is the
debt reduced ? Have the bonds been destroyed ?
Has the Secretary power and dare he destroy
them, so as to make a real reduction of the
debt?
The Secretary has so far without authority
purchased at the rate of $1,170 for a thousand-
dollar bond, and it appears to me there is a
great want of sincerity on the part of public
men in regard to it.
Few will pretend that there was any provis-
ion in the law or in the five-twenty bonds
themselves that required payment to be made
in gold ; and yet when the charge of repudiation
is made against those who openly declare for
the payment of those bonds according to law
great numbers of timid public men are fright-
ened by the outcry raised by the bankers,
brokers, and bondholders, and against their
own better judgment have allowed themselves
to declare that the bonds "ought to be paid in
coin." In conversation with a prominent
banker this was all he claimed. Ho did not
claim that the Government had bound itself to
so pay, but that such representations had been
made at the time of the negotiation of the loan
that capitalists supposed they were getting
bonds payable in coin. Now, it is possible
that he and others like him may have so under-
stood in some cases, but that would not bind
the Government, not even morally, to make
good these false representations. But I re
member well when that loan was upon the
market it was not believed possible that the
Government would desire to take advantage ot
its option to redeem in five years, and it was
believed that lawful money, or Treasury notes
and gold, would meet in value dollar for dollar
before the expiration of the twenty years, when
the bonds would mature; so that the real ques-
tion was but seldom raised in this country, and
our people seized upon them as a safe invest-
ment and hiding-place where capital could
escape from its due share of State and local
taxation.
About one third of that loan is supposed to
be held abroad; and it is this foreign debt that
is the real excuse for any attempt to make the
bonds payable in coin, the plea being that the
foreign bankers and capitalists had taken the
bonds under the impression that they were so
payable, and that in order to maintain and
strengthen our credit abroad they should be
paid in coin.
Mr. Speaker, I have great respect for the
prudence and foresight of foreign bankers and
capitalists because of the patience and care
with which they investigate all loans presented
before they invest. You could not negotiate a
loan in Europe, and more especially Germany,
where a large part of this loan is held, not even
for the funding of a State debt or the comple-
tion of a canal—the two most legitimate objects
for which loans had theretofore been offered to
them—without submitting all yourpapers in the
case to the most searching commercial and
legal investigation; and I do not believe they
have taken six or seven hundred^ millions of
the five-twenty loan without a full investigation
of the law and authority under which_ it was
made and a very thorough legal examination
of all the points likely ever to arise between
themselves as bondholders and the Govern-
ment of the United States. They took into con-
sideration the option of time and the payment
in lawful money, and concluded that while they
could purchase the bonds at about sixty-five
cents on the dollar they could afford to run
all the risk of the prosperity of the United
States Government, involving its ability to pay
promptly and of the future value of its lawful
money.
The Government has prospered; that is to
say, the peoplehave paid their enormous taxes,
and there is found to be a surplus in the Treas-
ury j and the Secretary thinks it is beginning to
appear probable that the whole debt could now
be funded in thirty-year bonds at four or four
and a half per cent, interest, principal and
interest payable in gold at the money centers
of the world. This state of things has aroused
the bondholders in this country to a new appre-
ciation of their position. If the Government
should make a successful attempt to negotiate
a new loan at a lower rate of interest the five-
twenty loan would have to be retired, and that
could only be accomplished by taking the option
that was reserved in the bonds and redeeming
them after five years in lawful money.
When the proposition was first made that the
Government should retire the $300,000,000 of
five-twenties now deposited to secure the na-
tional bank circulation, which would have the
effect of saving $18,000,000 gold interest per
annum and give the people greenbacks instead
of national bank notes for common use, there
was a general cry of indignation from the banks,
in which the other native bondholders joined.
But when the discussion went further-and sug-
gested the possibility of the whole five-twenty
loan being retired ; of the Government taking
its option, these bondholders became furious
and cried "repudiation! repudiation!" and
tender-footed public men were greatly agitated,
so much so that upon the advent of this Admin-
istration they hastened to place themselves on
record against repudiation. And how did they
doit? Did they do it in good faith? By no
means. But with that extraordinary insincer-
ity to which I have before alluded they hast-
ened to pass, and did pass, fourteen days after
this Administration came into power, an act en-
titled "An act to strengthen the public credit,"
approved March 18, 1869, as follows:
" Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Iieprencnta-
tivesofthe United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That in order to remove any doubt as to the
purpose of tho Government to dischargo all just
obligations to tho public creditors, and to settle con-
flicting questions and interpretations of tho laws by
virtue of which such obligations have been con-
tracted, it is he eby provided and declared that tho
faith of tho United States is solemnly pledged to the
payment in coin oi- it- equivalent ot all the obliga-
tions of the United States not bearing interest, known
as United Stated notes, and of all the interest-bear-
ing obligations of the" United States, except in eases
where the law authorizing tho issue of any such obli-
gation has expressly provided that the same may be
paid in lawful money, or other currency than gold
and silver.- Rutnono of said interest-bearing obli-
gations not already due shall be redeemed or paid
before maturity unless at such time United States
notes shall be convertible into coin at tho option ot
the holder, or unless at such time bonds of the Uni-
ted States bearing a lower rato of interost than the
bonds to be redeemed can bo sold at par in coin.
And tho United States also solemnly pledges its faith
to make provision at the earliest practicable period
for the redemption of the United States notes m
coin."
A resolution passed under a state of excite-
ment in this House not long since was called
a soothing-sirup resolution. Mr. Speaker, this
act was intended to be a soothing-sirup act, but
it was not even that; it was an imitation and a
fraud, and the member who introduced it ought
to have been prosecuted for a violation of the
trade-mark upon the genuine article.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the pretext for the pas-
sage of this act was that the cry of repudia-
tion in which they themselves had joined had
weakened the public credit, and that it had
become necessary for the Government to de-
clare itself and for Congress to declare to the
world in plain language, without ambiguity,
equivocation, or concealment, in what kind of
money the five-twenty bonds, being the bulk
of the public debt, are really payable by law.
They eased their tender consciences and hum
bugged thousands of unthinking people by that
act. Sir, the American people arc promi to
