1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
of the franking privilege ; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices anil Post
Roads.
a'so Pfesen';ed the petition
of Lydia E. Carhart, praying for an extension
of the patent granted to her husband, Jeremiah
Carhart, August 18, 1857, for certain valuable
improvements m reed musical instruments •
which was referred to the Committee on
Patents.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of J.
R. Bowen, of Winchester, Virginia^ prayiog
for the removal of his political disabilities •
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented several petitions of citi-
z?.n! °C.We,st Virginia, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege ; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
_ Mr. STOCKTON presented two petitions of
citizens of New Jersey, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented several
petitions of citizens of Maine, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
_ Mr. PRATT presented several petitions of
citizens of Indiana, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. PRATT. I also present a petition of
citizens of Porter and Lake counties, in the
State of Indiana, who pray that a law may be
passed for the survey and sale of the body of
land known as the "impassable morass,"
along the valley of the Little Calumet river, in
said counties. I move its reference to the
Committee on Public Lands.
It was so referred.
_ Mr. LEWIS presented eleven petitions of
citizens of the State of Virginia, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege; which were
referred 'to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
_ Mr, McCREERY presented six petitions of
citizens of Kentucky, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Rhode Island, praying for the enact-
ment of a law conferring on staff officers of the
Navy such relative rank and privileges as will
not impair the efficiency of the service; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present with great
pleasure the resolutions of the General As-
sembly of the State of Ohio, ratifying the pro-
posed fifteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, and I will ask that they
be read and printed. My colleague is not
present, but it will be remembered that in the
early part of this session I stated to the Senate
that in my judgment the present General As-
sembly of Ohio would ratify the fifteenth
amendment. He disagreed with me. I am
glad, indeed, that they have done it, and I be-
lieve it is in accordance with the sentiment of
a large majority of the people of the State of
Ohio. I am also happy to say that it was done
by a strict party vote. No Democrat is enti-
tled to any of the high credit of placing this
amendment upon the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. It was passed by a strict party
vote. Every person elected or known as a
Republican voted for it, and every Democrat
against it. My colleague not being present I
do not add what I intended to say in regard
to this paper. I ask that it be read and printed.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senator from
Ohio whether the Legislature of %at State
had on any previous occasion ratified the same
amendment.
* Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, Me last
Legislature, being Democratic, rejected it, and
the question was taken to the people, where the
matter was tried, and the result is the action
I now present.
Mr. HOWARD. This is the first affirm-
ative action on that question ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the resolutions of the Legislature
ot Ohio.
The Secretary read them, as follows :
nw,hwas ?e2?r.aI, Assembly of the State of
received official notification of thepassaso
W®113.0? th,°. fortieth Congress of the
united btates, at its third session, of tho followins
proration to amend the Constitution of tho United
thSiSSV f«a<i?0nstlfciltlP^ majority of two thirds
thereof, m the words following, to wit:
"A resolution proposing an amendment to tho Con-
stitution of the United States.
f the Senate and, House, (if Representatives
oj tne Unitedptates of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring), That tho fol-
lowing article be proposed to the Legislatures of the
several.btates as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, which, when ratified by three
fourths of said Legislatures, shall bo valid as part of
the Constitution, namely:
"Article XY.
" Section 1. The right of citizens of the United
btates to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the
United btates, or. by any State, on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
dec. 2. Ihe Congress shall have power to enforce
this article by appropriate legislation."
And whereas three fourths of the Legislatures of
the btates comprising the United States arc required
to give assent to the said proposed a mendment to the
Constitution of the United States, before it becomes
a part thereof: Therefore.
Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of
O/iw J?hat we hereby ratify, on behalf of the State
ot Ohio, the above-recited proposed amendment to
the Constitution of the United ytates.
Resolved, That certified copies of tho foregoing
preamble and resolution be forwarded by the Gov-
ernor of Ohio to the President of the United States,
to the Presiding Officer of the United States Senate,
the Speaker of the United States House of Repre-
sentatives, and the Secretary of State of the United
States.
A.J. CUNNINGHAM,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
.J. C. LEE,
President of the Senate.
Adopted January 27,1870.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a petition of
soldiers receiving pensions, praying that pen-
sion agencies be abolished and that a law be
enacted making each national bank adepository
for pension-money, and that pensions be paid
at the bank nearest pensioners; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Lydia E.
Carhart, praying an extension of the patent
granted to her husband, Jeremiah Carhart,
December 28, 1846, for certain valuable im-
provements in reed musical instruments; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
He also presented seven petitions of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which were leferred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Mary
A. Filler, foster-mother of Henry Drenning,
company K, fifty-fifth Pennsylvania volunteers,
praying to be allowed a pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, praying that pensions may be
granted to the soldiers of the war of 1812 and
to the widows of those who are deceased; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of the Craw-
ford County Medical Society, Pennsylvania,
praying the enactment of a law conferring upon
the medical officers of the Navy such relative
rank and privileges in the service as will protect
them against the arbitrary conduct of superior
officers; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Albany, New York, remonstrating against any
change in the relation of line and staff officers
which will lower the discipline of the Navy ;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also presented several petitions of citi-
Zfll t"Msylvania, praying for the abolition
ot the franking privilege ; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented several petitions
ot citizens of Massachusetts, praying the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
.The VICE PRESIDENT presented thirty-
eight petitions of citizens of the United States,
praying the abolition of the franking privilege;
which were referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota in favor of an appro-
priation for the improvement of the harbor of
Duluth, Minnesota; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
He also, presented several petitions of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which were referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Nebraska, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HOWELL presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Iowa, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege ; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POOL presented a petition of citizens
of North Carolina, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. WARNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Alabama, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which was referred to
the Committee oil Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HARLAN presented resolutions passed
by the board of county commissioners of Mor-
ris county, Kansas, favoring the immediate
ratification of the treaty made between the
United States and the Kansas tribe of Indians,
and favoring the speedy removal of the Indians
from that State; which were referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Morris county, Kansas, praying the immediate
ratification of the treaty mads between the
United States and the Kansas tribe of Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Iowa, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of the District of Columbia,
praying an appropriation for the improvement
of the Potomac and Anacostia rivers; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. NORTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege ; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of the im-
provement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented thirteen petitions of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying for the abolitiou
of the franking privilege ; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. HOWE. I also present a petition from
Ordelia Darrow, the widow of Joseph D. Dar-
row, praying for a pension; and also a memo-
rial from a large number of citizens of Oneida
and Brown counties, Wisconsin, in aid of that
petition, and sundry papers in support of the
same ; all of which 1 move be referred to tho
Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
