896
THE OOISTGBESSIOJSFAL GLOBE.
January 31,
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the owners of tho
Ocean Belle bo taken from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. RICE, it was
Ordered, That the papers relating to the claim of
feamu el Houston, of Arkansas, for property destroyed
in aid of the United States Army be taken from the
files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
reports' op committees.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
441) prescribing the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury in certain cases therein named,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 403) to
regulate the appraisement and inspection of
imports in certain cases, and for other pur-
poses, have instructed me to report it back and
to ask that the committee be discharged from
its farther consideration. The subject-matter
has gone in another form to the Committee on
Commerce, and I ask that this bill be referred
to that committee.
It was so ordered.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
petition of John S. Smith, late commercial
agent of the United States to San Domingo,
praying for compensation for diplomatic and
other services rendered-during his term of office,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 462) for the relief of John Somers Smith
on account of diplomatic service at the city of
San Domingo. The bill was read and passed
to a second reading, and the report ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
a bill (S. No. 422) to establish a postal tele-
graph system and to incorporate the United
States Postal Telegraph Company, reported it
with amendments, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 69) relating to buildings
used for military purposes in the city of New
York, reported it back with the recommenda-
tion that it be indefinitely postponed; and the
report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 442) to establish a
military prison, reported it back with the recom-
mendation that it be indefinitely postponed;
and tho report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
107) authorizingthe issue of blankets to enlisted
men of company B, tenth infantry, to replace
others destroyed by fire, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported a bill (S. No. 463) for
the relief of Victor Beauboucher, late consul
of the United States at Jerusalem; which was
read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 106) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Ameri-
can -register to the schooner Miami, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Ward B. Burnett, praying compensa-
tion for services rendered and money expended
in raising troops for the service of the United
Slates, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that the petitioner have
leave to withdraw his petition; which was
agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
464) to admit the State of Mississippi to repre-
sentation in the Congress of the UnitedStates;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judieiary, and ordered
to be printed'.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 465) to establish a savings-bank in the
District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee,on the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
466) for the relief of the owners of the brig
Ocean Belle : which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 467) to facilitate the adjustment of contro-
versies between parties interested in maritime
adventures and contracts in the port of New
York, and to establish a board of port-ward-
ens ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CRAG-IN aslced, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
468) to abolish the office of surveyor of cus-
toms; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HARLAN askedj and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
469) relating to the Central Branch Union
Pacific Railroad Company; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to say that I have
introduced this bill at the request of others.
It was not drawn by me. I call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad to that fact. I move its reference to
the Committee on t"he Pacific Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 470) to exempt from taxation cer-
tain legacies to the Taylor Orphan Asylum, in
Wisconsin ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
471) in relation to certain unsold lands in the
counties of Porter and Lake, in the State of
Indiana; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 472)
for the relief of Jonathan E. Pettit; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 473) amendatory of an act fixing certain
rules and regulations for preventing collisions
on the water, approved April 29,1864; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1007) to establish certain post roads, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced thatthe Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
R. No. 985) to amend an act entitled "An
act to admit the State of Virginia to represent-
ation in the Congress of the United States ;"
and it was thereupon signed by the Vice Pres-
ident.
legislature oe g130rgix.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Seaohed, That the Attorney General be, and ho
hereby is, requested to communicate to the Senate
copies of any communications sent by him to any
of the United States military authorities since the
passage of the last act relative to the readmission
of Georgia to representation.in Congress, and. par-
ticularly any opinion given by him touehing tho
eligibility of members of the legislature of Georgia.
j. ross brofnb's; correspondknob.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the - following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the TTiiited States
be requested, if in his judgment not*incompatible.-
with the public interests, to furnish the Senate with
a copy of the correspondence of J. Ross Browne
with the StateDepartmenfcduring,his late residence
as minister in China. : .
affairs in mississippi. '
Mr. MORTON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
JResobied, That the President be requested to com-
municate to the Senate any information in his pos-
session in relation to the late election in the State
of Mississippi, and of the action of the: Legislature
of said State vin reference to the fifteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States.
wisconsin land grants..
Mr, POMEROY. I move that' the Senate
proaeed to the consideration of Senate joint
resolution No. 15. It is a joint resolution giving
construction to a land grant in the State of
Wisconsin. It will create no discussion. •
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee oftheWhole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S.- R. No. 15) giving
construction to the acts of Congress granting
lands to the State of Wisconsin to aid in build-
ing railroads.
The resolution provides that it shall be law-
ful for the West Wisconsin Railway Company,
a corporation which is entitled by the acts of
Congress and the State of Wisconsin tot-hat part
of the land grant from the town of Tomah to
the Saint Croix lake, to make up any deficiency
in their grant from the vacant odd-numbered
sections falling within the indemnity limits of
the grantfor the branch road from Saint.Croix
lake to-Superior and Bayfield; but nothing in
this resolution is to be construed so to impair or
reduce in any manner the grant for the branch
road above indicated ; all lands to be conveyed
by patents to the company upon the same terms
and conditions as are contained in the acts
granting lands to the State, approved June 3,
1850, and the deficiencies and indemnities made
up, as t.he building of the road of the company
progresses, from any lands to which the company
may be entitled within the indemnity limits.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have an
explanation of this resolution. As I under-
stand it allows the railroad company to go
beyond the limits of the grant.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; the grant was
given to a company with two branches. This
resolution allows one branch to take lands con-
tained in the limit of the other grant, provided
it does not lessen the amount of land which
the other road was entitled to under the act.
It is no now grant. It simply transfers from
one to the other an equal proportion. The
settlers having taken up more land on one side
than on the other, one branch did not get its
proportion. The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Carpenter] is entirely familiar with the sub-
ject, and he will explain it further if the Sen-
ator desires any further explanation. That is
the way it was represented to the committee.
Mr. CARPENTER. The original grant was
made to aid the construction of a road from
Madison to Columbus by way of Portage-to the
St. Croix river or lake, and from thence to
Superior City and Bayfield, with the usual
provision that deficiencies might be made up
within fifteen miles of the road, and that was
afterward extended by a supplemental act to
twenty miles. Subsequently the grant was
divided tyr the Legislature of Wisconsin, which
division was approved by Congress, and given
to two separate companies. Now tie-fact turns
out tPbe that on the lower grant ttoe is &
