898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
btricken out as to the first section, and has
therefore priority in lii3 amendment, which is
still pending.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Indi-
ana has withdrawn that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts is next
in order, to strike out the first two sections and
insert other matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator from
Massachusetts will allow these amendments to
be made before the vote is taken on his prop-
osition.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly; I have no ob-
jection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then that will
be regarded as pending, but reserved. The
question is on this amendment reported by the
Committee 011 Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have another amend-
ment to offer as an additional section, which I
ask to have read, to come in as section three.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Previous to sec-
tion three in the printed bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire action upon it now ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio offers an amendment on behalf of
the Committee on Finance, to insert as a new
section what will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That any bank-
ing association located in any State having more
than its proportion of circulation may be removed
to any State having less than its proportion of cir-
culation, under such rules and regulations as the
Comptroller of the Currency, with the approval of
the Secretary of the Treasury, may require.
Mr. SHERMAN. This section was adopted
by the Senate without objection at the last
session, and was agreed to by the committee
of conference between the two Houses; but
the bill failing, as a matter of course this pro-
vision fell with it. I am directed, therefore,
by the Committee on Finance to report it as
an amendment to this bill.
Mr. NORTON. Do I understand that the
question now is on this amendment, or that it
is only read for information?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
now upon this amendment, the other amend-
ments having been temporarily withdrawn.
Mr. SHERMAN. This does not affect the
$45,000,000.
Mr. NORTON. No; but it does this : the
three States that have a large sftrplus may
remove their banks into the States that are
deficient, and the people of those States who
are now anxious and ready to organize banks
cannot have the benefit of this increased cir-
culation for their States.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will allow me
to state that this will not diminish in the least
the share of any State in the proposed increase.
It is only a mode adopted at the last session
by general assent, and I believe with the assent
of all the States that are deficient, to allow
banks in certain States to remove with their
capital to the States having less than their pro-
portion. At that time there was no objection
to it. If the Senator has any objection I shall
be glad to hear it.
Mr. NORTON. I have a very decided ob-
jection to it, for I know that in the State of
Minnesota, which has not had anywhere near
its proportion, men have been applying and
have been persistent in their applications to
organize banks. They have the means and
the money to establish them ; and if there is
to bean increase of circulation in those States
the people there want the benefit of it. They
do not want men from other States to come
there and organize banks and the people of
the States where they are established deprived
of the profit of banking, if there is any profit
in it. The effect of this amendment is to allow
banks in States that have a surplus to remove
to the States that are deficient, and the surplus
capital in those States that are deficient will
thus be deprived of this investment in banks.
Mr. WARNER. -I do not understand the
effect of this amendment to be that stated by
the Senator from Minnesota. I understand
distinctly that it does not affect the $45,000,000
which is to be distributed under this bill. That
will go to the citizens of the States having less
than their share of the circulation now. I un-
derstandthatthisis merelyan additional option,
which is certainly in the interest of the States
now having less than their share of the circu-
lation—an option given to the citizens of other
States to remove their banking associations
and their capital to the southern and western
States. For my part I should be very glad to
have them do so. I shall be glad to have them
avail themselves of the privilege given by this
amendment and to come themselves and bring
their capital with them for our benefit.
Mr. NORTON. But it works to the exclu-
sion of our own capital.
Mr. WARNER. No ; it does not work to the
exclusion of our own capital. Oar own capital
has the priority as to the whole $45,000,000, or
rather to the $25,000,000 which belongs to the
southern States, or the amount necessary to
make up their share under the apportionment
on the basis of population. I understand that
they may remove at once, but their removal
does not have the effect of taking up any of
the $45,000,000 authorized by this bill. That
is the point in dispute. Under the bill that is
now pending the Comptroller of the Currency
is obliged to give to the southern States
$25,000,000 of the $45,000,000 in order to give
them their proportion under the distribution
of $150,000,000 upon the basis of population.
The effect of this amendment, as I understand
it, is simply to allow banking associations in
other States to remove into the southern States,
or into any States having less than their share,
without being charged to this $45,000,000.
Mr. COLE. I think there is no doubt that
the privilege granted to the national banks is a
very valuable one. The best evidence that it
is of great value is the tenacity with which those
States that have more than their proportion
adhere to the amount that they have. It being
a great privilege, therefore, it should be appor-
tioned among the States as was intended by the
law as it originally passed, and should be so
used as to benefit the citizens of the several
States. If this amendment is allowed to pass
it will inure to the benefit of the citizens of
any State who choose to remove into one where
there is a deficiency of this circulation, where
the apportionment has not been fairly made.
This would be, of course, an agt of injustice,
an unfair act, so far as the citizens of the States
that have not had their proportion of circula-
tion are concerned. I cannot look upon it in
any other light than that. It may be some
advantage to the communities in the South and
West to have this capital transferred there.
Probably it would be an advantage to those
poorer States of the Union; but then the
advantage that arises from the privilege of
banking under this law would inure to the
persons out of those States who chose to remove
into them, and would not inure to the benefit
of any banker or capitalist in these States. It
may be an advantage to the general commu-
nity, but it is not an advantage to the persons
in these States who desire to avail themselves
of this privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. NORTON. I should like to have at
least a division of the Senate on that ques-
tion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I agree with my colleague
that this provision is manifestly wrong. I know
that from our State we have had applications
pending before the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency for years for the incorporation of new
banking institutions in that State; but inas-
much as we bad already reached the small
limit allowed those requests were disallowed.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have already stated to
the Senator's colleaguethat.this does not affect
the share which the State of Minnesota will
receive of the $45,000,000 provided f ir by the
bill, but it is an additional provision made to
enable, by a voluntary movement .of capital,
banks in States having an excess to go to States
which have not their full proportion. It does
not take away one single dollar of the shara
that would fall to Minnesota, but on the other
hand may give her a great deal of additional
capital. When the subject was under discus-
sion last year the Senators from the southern
States desired this section, because they said
they wished to encourage the capitalists of
northern States to come among them and
bring their banks with them, where they would
be subject to local taxation, and they would
have the benefit of local circulation. I.have
no desire about it, but it is superadded to the
provisions already made.
Mr. RAMSEY. Do I understand the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance to say that
after Minnesota has been supplied with the
deficiency which he intends to provide in this
bill then this additional capital can be carried
there ? .
Mr. SHERMAN. After she has been sup-
plied with her proportion of the $45,000,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. Or sixty, or a hundred
millions, whatever this bill may provide for.
After that has been supplied, then banks from
abroad are to be allowed to enter Minnesota?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. Then she
will no longer have less than her proportion,
and consequently will not be entitled.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President 
Mr. WARNER. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion.
Mr. SAWYER. I shall only occupy a min-
ute. If this provisiou will really effect what
the honorable chairman of the committee says
it will there can be no objection to it, but on
the contrary I think it will be a great advan-
tage; but if there is any possibility .that the
bill as thus amended can be interpreted so as
to allow banks in the States having an excess
of circulation to move into the States having
less than their proporioti of national bank
circulation and having that counted as a part
of the quota of those States it is objection-
able, and ought not to be allowed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Nobody claims that.
Mr. SAWYER. I know that; but I am not
so certain that it might not be claimed by the
Comptroller of the Currency that the circula-
tion of these banks so removed should count
in the quota to be distributed to those States.
I think there ought to be some proviso attached
to it that this section shall not go into force
until after the $45,000,000, or $52,000,000, or
$05,000,000, whatever it may be, shall have
been distributed.
Mr. ABBOTT. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment :
Provided, That the amount to be issued by said
banks shall not be deducted from the amount of new
issue provided for in this act.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. MORTON. That will settle the con-
struction in that respect; but still it leaves,
perhaps, another feature that may be open to
objection, and that is, that immediately upon
the passage of this bill banks may be removed
from the States having the largest excess
and established in the States that have not
their share in advance of the organization of
new banks there. For example, take such a
city as Milwaukee, a very desirable place for
the location of national banks. Perhaps under
this clause banks in the eastern States might
at once remove to Milwaukee and get the con-
trol of the banking interest there in advance
of the citizens of Milwaukee.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to ask the
Senator from Indiana if he does not think it
