1870.
the congressional globe.
899
would be a desirable thing for the citizens of
Milwaukee it a million or two of dollars were
transferred there, and whether the citizens
themselves would not to-day be delighted to
have the transfer made?
Mr. MORTON. 1 am not saying but what
it would be a desirable thing, and yet the cit-
izens_ of Milwaukee desiring to go into the
banking business might think it a great hard-
ship to be forestalled by banks from the east-
ern Slates already enjoying this privilege in
excess. °
Mr. ^ CHANDLER. As I understand this
provision no one is forestalled. It makes no
change whatever. It is an independent sec-
tion regardless of all that has gone before, and
the_ citizens of Milwaukee or Wisconsin ore
entitled to precisely the same amount under
this onl that they would be if no transfers
were made. Now, if there were $100,000 or
$10 000,000 of capital that desired to locate in
Michigan I should welcome it with open arms :
and so, I think, would the citizens of Minne-
sota or Wisconsin or of any other western
State desiring an addition to their capital.
Mr. NORTON. One word in reply to the
suggestion of the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, that this amendment does not affect ;
tae distribution of theS45,$00,000. orwhatever
amount may be finally agreed upon. The dif-
ficulty with this amendment is that under rules
and regulations made by the Comptroller of
the Currency, with the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, these banks may be trans-
ferred. It will be very easy for the Comptrol-
ler or the Secretary to say to a bank in Massa-
chusetts, Your organization is all complete:
you need only name to me what place in Min-
nesota you will establish your bank;" and their
organization being complete, at once bodily
and in bulk their bank goes to the city of
Winona, in Minnesota. You say it will not be
done ; but under the provisions of this amend-
ment it may be done.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What of it?
Mr. NORTON.^ There are people in the
city of Winona. Minnesota, who have money
that they want to invest in banking, and if
there are any benefits and advantages in this
national bank system the people in the districts
of States to which this distribution is made
ought to haye those benefits and advantages.
That there is profit in it no one can question.
If the States that have $52,000,000 of surplus
are going to have the benefit of the banking
circulation under this national banking system
in other States we might just as well leave the
system as it is. True, it is an object to have
these banks established in the localities and in
the districts where the circulation is used; but
in addition to that there is the employment of
surplus capital. I only wish to say further that
the peopleof Minnesota areable to takealltliat
they would be entitled to of this §45,000,000,
or whatever amount may be determined, and
if the business of the country should require
more banking capital there are people there
ready and willing to take it, and they ought to
be allowed to do it rather than allow banks to
be transferred from other States there.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I begin
to see now more distinctly the reason for this
very great clamor, if I may be allowed to use
that expression, for a redistribution of the cur-
renc3'. It is not to provide the people in the
South and West with a circulation, but it is to
provide that certain individuals who live in
those States may make money out of the busi- J
ness of banking. Now, here is a proposition ,
which allows the banks of the East and the j
North to remove to the States of the South,
and of course furnish to those States circula-
tion, and objection is made because persons
living in the East and the North may make 1
money out of this business of banking in the '
South and the West; and therefore the people
ought not to have this circulation because j
somebody living in the East or the North may j
make money out of the business of banking, i
S1-r> , -° r!°t understand that there is
anything in this bill which provides that the
individuals of any particular State shall have
a monopoly of the business of banking. Sup-
P°®e ™ls ^ill Pas,ses providing that $45,000,-
000 of additional notes shall be distributed
among those States having a deficiency of cir-
culation at this time, is there anything to pre*
vent citizens of New England associating them-
selves together and forming a bank, and bank-
ing m Charleston, or Minnesota, or any other
place m the Union? Nothing of the kind.
1 supposed that the object of this legislation
was to provide the people of the different
btates having a deficiency with a circulation,
to provide local bauks to which they might
have access,- and if citizens of New England
engaged in banking there should transfer a
bank to South Carolina of course it would
accommodate the peoplo of South Carolina
with circulation.
only be in addition to the $45.-
000,000 distributed by the previous part of
the bilJ, and the only question for the banks
m the North and the East will be as to whether
or not ifc will be more profitable to conduct the
business m the South and the West or in the
localities where they are now situated. If they
would conclude that the business would pay
better in the South and West than in the
North and l^ast then they would remove their
banks and the people there would be accom-
modated. I am surprised to see objection
coming from those States to this amendment,
when the whole object of it is simply to allow
those btates to have more circulation.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I think the
amendment of the Senator from North Carolina
[Mr, Abbott] makes it entirely clear that this
right of transfer will not in any wise affect
the rights of citizens of the States having less !
than their proportionate circulation to the j
%>45,000,000 authorized by this act. Now, the j
only point that is made is that banking associ-
ationsinthe northern States maytransferthem- 1
selves to the southern and western States and
preoccupy the groundin advance of the citizens
of those States ; not that the citizens of those
Stateswill not still have the right to go on and
establish banks, but that it will interfere with
it, these other banks having been first estab-
lished. I do not feel at all uneasy about that
matter myself. I should be very glad to see
these institutions come among us with their
capital and their men. But in order to obviate
any objection I suggest that the section be so
amended as to provide that this privilege shall
not take effect, say until within ninety days after
the passage of this act, so as to give to the citi-
zens of the southern and western States a little
priority in occupying the ground and first estab-
lishing banks in their own States. I will there-
, fore move that the section be amended by
i inserting at the beginning the words "ninety
i days after the passage of this act."
! Mr. MORTON. Make it longer than that.
! Say six months.
_ Mr. WARNER. Very well; I will make it
six months. I ask that the section be so
modified.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Ohio to accept
the amendment of the Senator from North
Carolina ?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 act as the organ of the j
committee. The amendment I offered is the J
committee's amendment. I think myself six j
months would be right. i
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment ;
of the Senator from Alabama is not now in i
order. j
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not the power to j
accept it, though I believe every member of :
the committee would agree to it. i
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no 1
objection the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina to the amendment will be con-
sidered as agreed to. The Chair hears no
objection. Now, that being agreed to. the
Senator from Alabama moves to amend the
amendment by adding to it:
vnv&d/uriker. That, the provisions of this
not go into effect until after the expira-
tion of six months from the pass ago of this aot.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say one word in
reply to some remarks that fell from the hon-
orable Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams. 1
He says this clamor seems to be, not that we
wish to provide the people of the South and
West with circulation, but that we want the
profits of banking. I submit that it is quite
legitimate, when our friends North and East
show so much tenderness about having the
profits of banking taken away from their capi-
talists, that we should be somewhat solicitous
that those capitalists in the South and West
who wish to put their money into national
banks^ should have an equal privilege of so
investing their money. It certainly cannot be
assumed on this floor that for all time the busi-
ness of banking is to be monopolized and its
profits exclusively centered in a few banks in
a certain section of the country. I have no
doubt they will for a long time monopolize very
largely the profits of national banking; and my
defense against their making it a monopoly
would be the establishment of national banks
in the South and West, so that a portion of the
business which is now done at the North and
East should be taken away from them and be
done by the banking capital which is in the
South and West. And I also submit that it is
perfectly legitimate here for the Senators from
the West and South to consider the question of
, the interests of the capital which would invest
; itself or be invested in national banks at the
j South and West if their people had the oppor-
! tunity.
Now, the amendment which has been pro-
posed, which allows the removal of national
banks already organized in those States which
have an excess of circulation to the States
which have a deficiency of circulation, is in
my opinion a very good and beneficial one for
the bill. I believe that it will help the South,
because every dollar of capital that is carried
there, no matter to whom it belongs, will have
a certain influence in developing the industrial
resources of that community. But we should
first look out that those capitalists in the South
and West who desire to invest their money in
national banks should have an opportunity so
to do before we give an opportunity to outside
capitalists to preoccupy the ground,and perhaps
discourage the formation of national banks by
the capital of our own section.
With the proviso which has been read, that
this section shall not take effect for six months,
I think the guarantee is ample, and especially
with the further proviso that this removal of
national bank capital from the northern States
to the southern and western States shall not
diminish the quota to which these southern
and western States are respectively entitled.
1 was about to add something in reference
to the profits of national bank capital in the
North and East, but I think quite enough has
been said on that matter. I hope they may
all get so rich that they will be willing to allow
the rest of the country to get rich on banking
capital.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Alabama
to the amendment.
Mr. POWLER. I should like to hear it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The section, as now
amended, reads:
And be it further enacted. That any banking as.-is-
olation located in any State having more than its
proportion of circulation may bo removed to ;u:y
State having less than its proportion of circulation,
under such rules and regulations as the Comptroltei
of the Currency, with the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury, may require: Provided, That tUo
amount of the issue of said banks shall not be de-
ducted from the amount of new issue provided for in
this act.
It is proposed to add:
And the provisions of this section shall not bo into
