1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
of paper circulation as ever was contrived It
18 utterly astounding that statesmen, that finan-
ciers, that legislators cannot agree to abolish
one or the other of these kinds of circulation—
either to get out of the way your legal tenders
or your bank notes. To divide the profits of
the business of circulating paper between these
two systems seems to me to be a most fallacious
and a most mistaken policy. If legal tenders
are the best circulation, the banks should get
out of the way and allow the Government to
issue them. If, on the contrary, bank paper
convertible into specie is the best circulation,
then your legal tenders should be withdrawn
jusfc as soon as they can from the market and
allow capital to take their place. But as it is,
here are banks circulating $300,000,000 of
paper, and to that extent imposing burdens
upon the people, and here is the Government
circulating three hundred and fifty or three
hundred and seventy million dollars of paper,
and that legal tender, which relieves the banks
from all sort of responsibility, so that the peo-
ple get no advantage from the responsibility
of the banks. If this legal-tender paper was
out of the way the banks would be obliged to
furnish the s pecie for the business of the country
at par. Being in the way it is, it costs twenty
per cent, and from that to forty per cent, to
get this specie. So the people between these two
systems are circumstanced precisely as Christ
was on the Cross: they are crucified between
two thieves; crucified between two systems of
banking, the one of which neutralizes all the
advantages of the other system. We could live-
with either were the other away, but having
them both I do not wonder that the people
groan.
Mr. President, let me make one more re- !
mark in reply to my friend from Massaehu- I
setis. He stands here to tell the country that
the idea that we can circulate in this country
six or seven hundred million dollars of paper
convertible into specie is, in his strong lan-
guage, the most foolish idea that ever was
uttered. _ Sir, jye are doing that thing to-day.
We are circulating nearly seven hundred mil-
lion dollars of paper to-day, and we are paying
specie. Does any man deny that? But the
Senator says that this paper is not convertible
into specie at par. He never saw the time
when a paper circulation was convertible into
specie at par. So much of it as was necessary
for the use of the commerce of the country
was convertible. That is all that he ever saw
in the best state of banking in the world; but
what I say is that the specie debt of the country
is paid to-day; whatever real demands busi-
ness has on specie are met in specie to-day
and have been all along. It is true it costs
business some twenty or thirty per cent, to
get that specie. The banks I say would fur- j
nish it at par, if you put that responsibility
upon them, and take your legal tenders out i
of the way. I say capital could furnish it just |
as well as it is furnished now, and furnish it !
easier, at par. Capital makes nothing out !
of this twenty per cent, premium that you and j
I know of. Sometimes it may make some- I
thing, but again it loses. Thatismadeor lost j
mainly by those gentlemen who influence and \
regulate and control that price—the very j
smart, sharp, active, intelligent constituents j
of my friend, the Senator from New York :
Mr. CONKLINGr. Mainly in Boston. j
Mr. HOWE. Or in Boston. Do I do Bos- ,
ton injustice? [Laughter.] I hope not. I j
had not the slightest intention of the kind. j
Mr. President, I am one of those men who !
are so excessively foolish as to believe with all j
my might and mind and strength that if the |
Government will get out of the way with that 1
paper which you declare to be a legal tender ;
for all private debts and almost all public debts i
then the capital of the country can supply the j
business of the country with a paper circulation, .
I think, as voluminous as it is to-day, but cer-
tainly as voluminous as legitimate business
wants, and expansive, not fixed in volume;
and furnish it at all times convertible into coin
and at par so far as the business of the country
needs to be supplied. I think so, and 1 have
said so heretofore, ana I do not propose to
reargue that point. I got up to repel the idea
that the West ought to be reproached either
for its present or its past financial condition
simply because we ask that you will correct
what every man who_ has turned his attention
to the subject, my friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] among the loudest, proclaims
to be a gross ivrong.
I kuow it has been several times said on this
floor that we are complaining of the East and
of the middle States. Why, sir, I have so often
as 1 have said anythingou this subject—which
has heen much too often—-disclaimed over and
over again any disposition to complain of the
East or of the North. I have made no com-
plaint of them. By way of repelling what they
seem to think are the complaints of the West
I have repeatedly heard something said here
about the extraordinary patriotism and liberal-
ity manifested by the Bast and the North during
the war. Well, Mr. President, I do not stand
here to dissent from anything that the most
enthusiastic lover of the East or the North can
say about their patriotism during the war. Too
much cannot be said in praise of it, unless they
should unfortunately go to the point of attempt-
ing to contrast the patriotism of the North or
the East with tbe patriotism of the West. If
any such contrast as that is attempted to be
stated the West may have something to say as
to the result of that issue. I hope that will not
be attempted. These sections of our common
country, Almighty God be praised for the fact,
are not to be reproached with any want of
patriotism. The East and the North and the
West kept back nothing of all they had. Who-
soever had money gave money ; whosoever had
bread gave bread ; whosoever had neither had
blood, and gave it with as much freedom as any
man gave his money or gave his bread. Let
this fact be remembered to the common glory
of all the sections of that portion of our coun-
try which was called to carry the flag through
the late war.
Mr. SAWYEK. Mr. President, I wish to
say one word in reply to the remarks that fell
from the lips of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts in reference to the capital of the
South. I am quite aware that there is a defi-
ciency of capital there when we make a compar-
ison with other sections of the country: but it is
also true that there is a large amount of capital
there that seeks investment in this pecuiiar-
form, and I have for months been trying to get
from the Comptroller of the Currency currency
for which the bonds had been deposited more
than two years, for banks in the city where I
reside,1'-unsuccessfully trying to get that cur-
rency. I know of several instances in which
southern banks have made demands for the cur-
rency which belongs to them, for the ninety per
cent, which belongs to them on their deposits
of bonds, and they have failed to secure it.
More than that, I know of a case in my own
State where a bank has gone to New York and
bought the privilege of the circulation of a bank
there and paid five or six per cent, for it.
One word in reference to what the Senator
remarks in reference to the weakness of most
banks in the South. Now, let me say for the
information of that gentleman, that there is no
Sfeate in the United States, not excepting the
State of my birth and of hia residence, which
he cannot honor more than I do, there is no
State in the United States that before the war
had asounderand more solid system of banking
than the State of South Carolina, and that at
some times when the banks of the rest of the U ni-
ted States suspended specie payments the batiks ;
of the city of Charleston did not close their
doors to him who asked gold for their notes.
More : let me tell that Senator that at this
moment, notwithstanding the folly of the direct- j
orsof some of those batiks in sinking so large j
a proportion of their capital in the cause of !
the rebellion, they exist to-day, having paid
every dollar of their notes} and having more
than twenty-five per cent, of their old capital
untouched and waiting to be invested in na-
tional bank circulation. The banking capital
of the city of Charleston before the war was
$14,000,000, and more than ninety per cent,
of it was owned there and not owned in the
North and East. That circulation flowed,
under the general laws which govern the flow
of circulation, wherever it was demanded, as
we know that the national bank circulation we
shall have the privilege of issuing from that
State hereafter will flow. Weknow that nothing
but the laws of trade will govern this flow of
circulation; _ but what we ask and what we
expect to gain by the passage of this bill, or
any bill which shall remove the unequal con-
dition of things now existing, is that the same
privilege of issue, the same privilege of reap-
ing profit from that kind of investment of
capital, shall belong to one section of the Union
as to another. We do not ask it because we
are in the South or in the West, but we ask it
simply because when the Government has
assumed control over this peculiar interest it
is bound to distribute its advantages as impar-
tially as possible.
I have no disposition to allude to what has
been said here in reference to the patriotism
of the East; I have too often said that I yield to
it all the praise, and that great praise, to which it
is entitled. I do not object, as tbe Senator from
New Hampshire seems to think, and the'South
does not object to having the amendment of
the chairman of the committee allowing the
removal of banks attached to the bill. I do
not object to the passage of that amendment,
which will allow the removal of banks from
any of those States having an excess of eircu-
latien into those having a deficiency of cir-
culation. On the other hand Tthinlc it a wise
provision. The only reason, if there be a good
reason, for the postponement of the time when
that provision shall go into operation for six
months is that it is but fair that the capital
which is in the States of the West and the
South should have the first chance to take up
this circulation ; and yet I do not consider it a
matter of much moment. I shall welcome,
and I have no doubt that every man in the
West and South who knows the business inter-
ests of his section will welcome every dollar of
capital which the New England capitalists shall
send there, whether it come brought by the
individual, sent there for private investment,
sent there to invest in banks which are man-
aged by the people there themselves, or sent
there with the franchise of a national bank,
with its president and board of directors moving
there to manage it. I will welcome them all,
because the more of New England and northern
capital we can draw there the more likely are
our resources to be developed. That is what
I look to for the resuscitation and regeneration
of the industrial interests of the South.
But the Senator from Massachusetts seems
to have forgotten what great strides have been
taken in resoring the wealth of the South.
The old times when the planter was in the habit
of investing all the proceeds of his year's
crop in negroes to plant a larger crop tbe next
year, and when he went iu debt in the spring
to put his crop in the ground and borrowed that
money of northern capitalists, have gone by.
There is no such outlet for capital. Men are
planting less in quantity, and cultivating more
thoroughly, and in every way improving ; and
the result is that the banks in my State, and I
presume itis true of the other Stales South and
also in the West, have had for the last two years
larger deposits lying idle than ever existed in
those banks since their organization. _ I here
are country banks, banks doing no business ot
issue, which have had a larger deposit at any
time in the last two years than evur before.
This capital is lying there waiting to be em-
ployed and we ask for it the same privileges
that capita! enjoys in other sections of the
