904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January: 81,
country, and we do not think that it is wrong
to ask that at the same time that we are look-
ing for that circulation which is necessary to
do the business of the people.
If the circulation which is now at present
issued from certain States having an excess
of circulation were necessary to their legiti-
mate operations it would be quite anotherques-
tion; but as has been so often remarked here
the flow of that money is from those centers out
into all parts of the country except at certain
seasons of the year. We know that at certain
seasons of the year the tendency of money is
toward the money centers; at certain other sea-
sons of the year it is in an opposite direction.
There is a regular ebb and flow of the tide of
money, and this is regulated by natural law;
but that gives no particular ground for main-
taining the position that the money should all
be issued from one point. Before the war,
when we had a system of State banks, they
were scattered all over the country and came
up wherever they were demanded. It brought
no hardship upon anybody but themselves.
The system as it now exists, as has been said
by the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
is one which can be defended on no ground
but that of actual necessity. It may have been
necessary that it should arise in this way; it
may have been necessary that for a time it
should stand in this way; but it cannot be
necessary in a great country like ours that a
system which is so partial in its operation,
which is so oppressive to one section of the
country and so profitable to another section,
should remain in this unbalanced and uneoual
condition.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to ask the
chairman of the committee to accept one word
as an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is an amendment
pending. I af k for a vote on that amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. Can it not be modified by
the insertion of the word I propose? In line
six, before the word " banking," I should like
to insert the word "such," if the chairman
will agree to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have no objection to
that except that it is not now in order and can-
not be considered until the pending amend-
ment is disposed of.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not propose to discuss
the general question here where everybody,
of course, is a financier ; and neither do I pro-
pose to defend my consistency. I said I be-
lieved this banking system was pernicious.
The Senator from Massachusetts agrees with
me that it is a pernicious system. Another
Senator, although he does not use the same
language, says that by it our people are being
crucified between two thieves—a much stronger
expression than I made use of. I believe in
the truth of that. Nevertheless I propose to
vote for the bill for this reason: our people
believe this system is useful, because where an
individual has $100,000 in capital, and he
invests it in United States bonds, he is able to
draw six percent, in gold on those bonds; and
then, in addition to this six per cent., if he
invests it in bank stock he gets ninety per cent,
more ; that is, doubles his capital on which he
draws not only six, but ten, twelve, or fifteen
per cent, in addition. The reason why those
who intend to bank want this system is that
they not only get interest in gold on the capi-
tal that they already have, but they double that
capital, where you and I and other people have
no opportunity of doubling our capital what-
ever. For this reason they want this system,
i'he community there generally want the sys-
tem, and I am very willing that they should
fave it. Although I believe this bill is fasten-
ing a most dangerous and most pernicious sys-
tem upon the country I shall nevertheless vote
for it for that reason. That is all I desire to
say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question now is on
the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. On which amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the
amendment as amended.
Mr. CONKLING. May we hear it read ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read by the Secretary.
The Secretary, read the amendment as
amended; whieh was to insert as an additional
section the following:
And be it further enacted, That after the expiration
of six months from the passage of this act any bank-
ing association located in any State having more than
its proportion of circulation may be removed to any
btate havmg less than its proportion of circulation,
under such rules and regulations as the Comptroller
°| the Currency, with the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury^ may require: Provided, That the
amount of the issue of said banks shall not be
deducted irom the amount of now issue provided for
m this act.
_ Mr. CONKLING. I should like to make
an inquiry of the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Finance. The banks whieh
shall remove, if any do, from one State to
another are not to be charged to the account
of the deficient States; in other words, the
§45,000,000 of newly allotted currency is not
to be debited with the amount of capital of
these removing banks. Am I right iu that ?
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course
under this third section no bank could be re
moved from a State having less than its pro-
portion now, nor could it be removed to a State
haying more than its proportion under the
existing law afterward.
Mr. CONKLING. That is not at all the
point of my question. The question is this:
if removal shall take place from one State to
another, which latter State is now deficient in
circulation, will that State be debited at all as
to the $45,000,000 in consequence of the re-
moval which I suppose ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would be. In
the first place the $45,000,000 is distributed
by direct apportionment to each State, to those
States having less than their proportion, and
that $45,000,000 must first be exhausted by the
apportionment. Then as a matter of course,
to make good the deficiency, subsequently these
transfers can be made. At the end of every
month the Comptroller of the Currency will be
able to state precisely whether a State is in
excess of its proportion or is deficient. I do
not know that I precisely comprehended the
honorable Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me state the effect
of the amendment as I understand it, and see
whether the Senator will differ or agree with
Forty-five million dollars of circulation
is to be allotted at all events to those States
now deficient.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And then
$20,000,000 more.
Mr. CONKLING. I will come to th&t pres-
ently. But $45,000,000 is to be allotted abso-
lutely dependent upon no contingency what-
ever to States now deficient. That is on part
of the bill. In addition to that banks may be
transplanted from States having now an excess
to States having now a deficit of currency,
and when such transplantation shall take place
no credit or debit is to be made as to the
$45,000,000; but that is still, absolutely and
nevertheless, to be allotted to States now defi-
cient. Can there be any doubt or difference
of opinion as to that being the effect of the
amendment ? A member of the Committee on
Finance before me, the Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Williams,] says I am right. I think there
can be no doubt about that. Indeed, I put the
inquiry as preliminary to this question, which
seemed to me to admit of more doubt and to
be more appropriately the subject of considera-
tion. The effect being as I have stated, trans-
fers are to go on to what extent ? Until equali-
zation takes place between States technically in
excess and States however slightly deficient?
Not at all; but stop there 
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will now
allow me to illustrate it byfigures and an illus-
tration he will see whether he and I agree.
Suppose a State has now $1,000,000 of cir-
culation. Suppose that its fair proportion
under the law is $4,000,000. .Its share of the
$45,000,000 is first allotted to it.. Suppose its
share is. $2,000,000, thus bringing it up to
$3,000,000, because the apportionment ,• of
$45,000,000 cannot make any State good'that
has now a deficit. There is still $1,000,000
deficit in that State. That-may be supplied by
the voluntary transfer ;of banks-from States
having an excess to this State,.but.only to make
up the $4,000,000.. When they reach the
$4,000,000, which is their full share, either by
the application of a portion of the $45,000,000
or by the voluntary transfer of banks,- that
moment the process ceases. Nor can these
banks be withdrawn' from any States except
four, I believe. I am not now certain that any
other than four States have more than their
allotted^ portion ; but their excess is so great,
amounting to over eighty million dollars, that
a small portion of that distributed would equal-
ize the currency. Perhaps I could not make
it plainer than by this illustration.
Mr. CONKLING. The statement of the
Senator is entirely clear. It consists of two
propositions, with one of which I agree ; that
is the one which I attempted a moment ago to
state, to wit, that regardless of the transfer
of banks from one State to another $45,000,000
were to be distributed absolutely to deficient
States; and that then, beside that, independ-
ent of that, not-affecting that, such -transfers
may take place as the option of the parties
shall suggest of banks now resident in States
which are in excess to States which are now
deficient in circulation. There can be no doubt
whatever that is the effect of this proposition.
Mr. HOWE. Whieh will then be deficient.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
from Wisconsin says "which will then be defi-
cient." Yes, I beg him to remember, which
will be deficient at that instant of time when
this provision shall speak, to wit, at the end
ot six months. I am aware there is a six
months postponement here, and I am speak-
ing as of the time when the act itself will utter
its voice. Now, speaking of that time, I have
stated, audi do not wish to restate, the obvious
effect of this proposition.
Let me come to the other statement or
branch of statementwhieh the Senator makes.
He says whenever the allotment of $45,000,000
and the transfers of banks together shall bring
any State up to equality of circulation the
operation of this amendment will cease. Now
I beg some Senator to tell me, in the face of
the amendment, from what language that re-
sult is to follow I I ask the Secretary to read
the amendment again, or to give it to me if
the page will bring it to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have it
read.
Mr. CONKLING. Let it be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
And be it further enacted. That after the expira-
tion of six months from the passage of this act any
banking association located in any State havinc
more than its proportion of circulation may be re-
moved to any State having less than its proportion
ft ttndfe^su^h mles and regulations as
? of the Currency, with the approval
0^? nry 0Treasury, may require : Pro-
vided, That the amount of the issue of said banks
shall not be deducted from the amount of the new
issue provided for in this act.
x-j GONKLIISrG-. Now_, Mr. President, I
should like to know, referring to the two dig-
tributions which have taken place, one based
upon population and one based upon business
resources, how it can be affirmed that at anv
time which can be defined in expectation now
this right of transfer will cease. It may take
Dlace from any State which is in excess to any
State which is deficient.
Mr. CARPENTER. At the time.
Mr. CONKLING. Undoubtedly; that I do
not forget. Now, will the honorable Senator
who helped me with that suggestion explain
this to me: by what standard is that deficiency
to pfevail or to be absent ? Is it to be in refer-
