908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
remind the Senate and the country that at least
$50,000,000 of that $300,000,000 of the cotton
crop of the South is surplus capital, is profit in
the hands of the producers of that cotton; so
much added to the wealth of the country over
and above the expenditure of production. That
is a very moderate estimate.
Mr. President, this is a measure of political
wisdom as well as of financial wisdom and
relief. There is a just cause of complaint here,
which it is wise in us to remove. "While we
should be rigid and exact in the requirements
of all that is proper of the people of the Sou*h,
we should be as rigid and exact in extending
to them the rights to which they are justly enti-
tled as members of this Union ; and the con-
ceding to them of the relief which this bill
gives, a share of national bank circulation, will
be but a simple act of justice which they will
recognize and which will strengthen the hands
of the friends of the Government in that sec-
tion. I hope, therefore, that the friends of this
bill will adhere to it, and not permit to be in-
grafted upon it amendments the effect of which
will be to defeat an}' measure.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, all the
gentlemen upon the Committee on Finance
seem to think this a good measure, but that
now is not the time for it. I never saw a time
that was not the time to do a good thing. By
adopting the proposition that I have offered
we shall have taken a step and a very long
step in the right direction. We shall have got
$100,000,000 of greenbacks out of circulation
and $100,000,000 of national bank notes in
circulation; and we shall be $100,000,000
nearer specie payments than we were when
we commenced. The committee promise that
they will at some time, I do not know when,
introduce a measure with this intent of fund-
ing greenbacks. Why not take this ? It is a
good deal more likely to go through the other
House than any measure that will come from
the Committee on Finance. It is a just meas-
ure. Every man who has spoken on it admits
that it is nearly the thing. Then, why not take
it? I think the time has come to take this one
step in advance in the direction of specie pay-
ments.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not rise now to enter
into the general discussion, though before the
debate closes I should like to answer some of
the inquiries of the Senator from Indiana. I
shall not do so now, but I wish to answer what
the Senator said a moment ago, and also what
was said by the Senator from Alabama, that
we should not act on the pending proposition
because it may not pass the House of Repre-
sentatives. Who knows that this proposition
if adopted by the Senate will not pass the House?
If after debate in this Chamber it receives its
approbation I know no reason why it may not
after debate also receive the approbation of
the House. Why are we a Senate ? Is it that
we may wait always on the other House ? Is
it not that we may originate measures our-
selves on our own responsibility, giving to them
such consideration as we can? Therefore, I
feel that the suggestion of my two friends is not
applicable to the case.
Let us proceed on this occasion and consider
the question on its merits ; send to the House
the best bill we can; pnt into it all the con-
sideration that this Senate can bestow, and
then await the result. If after doing that, after
having acquitted ourselves of our duty, as I
submit, the House should fail to agree with us,
then we may fall back upon a smaller proposi-
tion ; but I do submit that the Senate ought to
put forth a proposition which it regards as ade-
quate and satisfactory. To my mind the pend-
ing proposition is not adequate or satisfactory ;
and therefore I should be sorry to have it sent
to the other House. I hope, then, the Senate
will proceed with the whole subject to the end,
and 1 trust that after proper consideration they
will arrive at a result which will be satisfac-
tory to the House and also satisfactory to the
country.
Thus far I am brought to one conclusion,
that the pending proposition is not satisfactory;
it does not meet the exigency. My friend frptu
Indiana does not consider it as meeting the
exigency. I do not think that it meets the
exigency. Other Senators about me adopt the
same conclusion. Why, then, should we send
it to the House ? Why not try to mature it and
put it iu such shape that should it become the
law of the land we shall be content with it? I
know no Senator hardly who would be content
with this proposition if nothing else were added
to it.
We are told that a new bill will be brought
in containing other provisions on which per-
haps we can move amendments; but I do not
think that that is a reason why we should avoid
maturing the pending measure. Why should
we avoid putting it into such shape as will
make it most beneficent to the country? It is
now weeks, months even, that we have been
in this Chamber during the present session,
and not one thing have we done toward that
great object of every business man in the coun-
try, the resumption of specie payments. This
is the only proposition that we have; and
when my friend from Michigan and myself
try to engraft upon it another proposition that
shall tend, as I submit surely and beyond all
question, to specie payments, we are told,
" Oh, do not put that on this bill, for it will
not pass in the other Chamber." I know no
such thing. The other Chamber is as patri-
otic as the Senate, and I believe it will hearken
to the good reasons that can be given for any
conclusion that the Senate adopts. I hope,
therefore, that the Senate will proceed with
this bill to the end and make it as perfect as
possible.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I suppose
it is not unreasonable for a committee of this
body to ask that the order in which they pre-
sent the various questions submitted to them
shall he somewhat regarded. Now, the Com-
mittee on Finance on all these difficult ques-
tions raised as to the condition of the currency,
the condition of the banks, &c., have had some
experience. Last year we reported a bill that
we considered a very comprehensive one, be-
cause it embraced the views of the Committee
on Finance on all the different questions in dis-
pute. I believe it was praised by my honorable
friend from Massachusetts as a comprehensive
bill, and on the whole it met his sanction. He
gave it the weight of his support. But it was
found when we came to debate the bill that
Senators here and there differed as to particu-
lar sections, and refused to vote for the entire
bill because certain features of the bill dis-
agreed with their opinions. The result was
that it was impossible to get the concurrence
of the majority of the Senate on any bill,
although everybody can see now that it would
have been much better and much wiser to pass
almost any proposition that was introduced.
Now, the Committee on Finance, after the
most careful consideration of these various
questions, intend to propose them to the Sen-
ate, and take them up separately and present
them in their order, and to keep, if possible,
these questions detached from each other.
What is the first and most obvious and most
necessary measure ? Here is a measure for
the equalization of currency. The inequality
of the distribution of circulation creates fierce
and bitter sectional feeling and has been com-
plained of for years. We undertook to rectify
that; but there was one fundamental principle
which guided us, and that was that we would
in no event increase the amount of paper
money issued in this country. How, then,
could this distribution take place? We had
various modes proposed to us, and finally we
settled upon a mode of retiring a form of
indebtedness called the three per cent, certifi-
cates, which the Government was prepared to
redeem, and we proposed to fill that vacuum
by currency issued to the various western and
southern States. Here was a simple proposi-
tion that we thought would meet with no prac-
tical objection. The Government of the United
States had the means from surplus revenue,
according to information given to us by the
Secretary of the Treasury, to retire these three
per cent, certificates. All clashes of people
except those who hold them desire- to have
them retired. They were in the way of specie
payments. Until they were redeemed we could
not commence toward speeie payments; and
therefore it was an object to get them out of
the way; and if in doing that we could fill the
vacuum in the South and the West so as in
time at least to supply the sectional demand
upon us—a demand admitted on all hands to
be founded in justice—we thought that was a
simple proposition that would meet the assent
of every one.
But it was claimed, on the other hand, that
on the Pacific coast, after long experience, they
could not get their people to take our present
paper money. They therefore wanted some
form of paper money to aid them in the ordi-
nary operations of business. We could see no
objection to banks being organized on the basis
of the national banking law providing for the
issue of coin notes. So we in the same bill
provided another measure to relieve the Pacific
coast, which tended also to equalize the dis-
tribution of banking circulation, because if the
Pacific coast did not use the present paper cir-
culation of the country and we could supply the
vacuum there by coin notes, then more was
reserved for the South and West. These two
simple propositions, which must meet the good
sense of every Senator, were considered by
themselves and reported.
Now, what is the condition of affairs ? After
a long and wearisome debate my honorable
friend from Michigan endeavors to throw into
this debate the funding bill. So my friend
from Massachusetts endeavors to thrust in a
very comprehensive proposition embracing a
great variety of topics. Why do I say' they
wish to thrust the funding bill into this discus-
sion? For this simple reason: if we attempt
to retire the greenbacks, how can we retire
them ? Only by issuing new bonds. There is
no surplus revenue with which we can retire
the greenbacks. We have enough, or probably
shall have in the course of the next six months,
to retire the three per cent, certificates ; but
no one contends that we shall have enough to
retire the greenbacks. How can we retire
them? Byissuing bonds. My honorable friend
from Michigan proposes to retire $55,000,000
of greenbacks. How? By issuing bonds, he
says. What kind of bonds? Shall they bear
four, five, or six percent, interest? Shall they
be taxable or not? By the State or by the
nation ? Thus, every question involved in the
funding bill is brought at once into this con-
troversy upon the redistribution of bank cir-
culation.
It is manifest with the contrariety that would
at once spring up on his next amendment to
provide for a mode of retiring the greenbacks
that we should be thrown upon a wide sea of
debate, and weshould have a proposition before
us that had never been considered by a com-
mittee. On the other hand, if the Senate will
take this bill and make such amendments to it
as they deem proper they have the assurance
that in a short time a bill comprehensive in its
character, so far as the funding of the public
debt and the greenbacks is concerned, will be
reported, and they will have ample ground for
debate. I ask Senators, if possible, to keep
that question of funding the public debt, both
the greenbacks and bonds, separate, so that
they may consider that subject and let the
Senate arrive at its conclusion on that subject
alone. Then, in due time, it will be followed
by other provisions in regard to existing banks,
all the banks, old and new, and measures of
revenue, tariff, and taxes. I appeal to Sen-
ators whether it is not wiser to keep these
questions separate, decide them one by one in
the order of their coming rather than to mingle
