1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
909
them into a hotch-potch and then finally lose
them all.
Mr. HOWE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a single question ? I desire
to be informed about this thing. The Senator
sees exactly what the question is which divides
tfie Senator from Massachusetts and myself
and some others from him. We think that the
$45,000,000 will not give all the relief that is
necessary. The Senator says it will give some.
That is very true. Will he state now how
this proposition would embarrass the funding
bill? Suppose^ the two Houses should agree
to the proposition of the Senator from Mich-
igan, how will that embarrass the passage of
the funding bill? Will the Senator explain?
Mr. SHERMAN. I can tell the Senator. How
will he retire the greenbacks ? My honorable
friend from Michigan proposes to pay off
$100,000,000 of greenbacks.
Mr. HOWE. Fifty-five millions. Ha pro-
poses to fund them in bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN". What kind of bonds?
Mr. HOWE. That question is to be settled
when that amendment is offered. If the Sen-
ator will allow me I think it only raises the
question of interest and time of payment. The
question of taxation is not raised by it at all,
because those bonds being used as a basis
for the new banking circulation, of course,
like all bonds now used in the same way, will
be subject to all taxation that any other prop-
erty is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already said enough
to show every Senator that when we attempt
to ingraft on this bill a proposition to retire
greenbacks that must necessarily bring with
it every question involved in the funding bill.
My honorable friend from Wisconsin and I
might not disagree on those terms or the ques-
tion of taxation, but others would.
There is another proposition offered by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] and I
wish to say what I have to say in regard to it
'now, so that I may not trespass on the time of
the Senate further, as I am anxious to have a
vote. He proposes to increase the amount
from $45,000,000 to $52,000,000. That is in-
flation of the currency simple and pure to the
extent of $7,000,000. There is a difficult ques-
tion. I will not vote for any proposition that
will inflate the currency. We must get back to
specie payments, and yet the proposition of my
friend from Indiana, upon a false theory I think,
proposes to retire $45,000,000 of one kind of
currency and to issue $52,000,000 of another
kind of paper.
This is inflation to the amountof $7,000,000.
It is true it is not one of those terrible calam-
ities that will be so very injurious; but it does
inflate the currency. My honorable friend
makes his proposition upon what I consider
a delusive idea; that is, he says the retirement
of $45,000,000 of three per cent, certificates is
as much a contraction as the issue of $52,000,000
of bank circulation; that on account of the
reserves which these banks would be com-
pelled to hold in their vaults the retirement of
$45,000,000 of three per cent, certificates is
fully equivalent to the issue of $52,000,000 of
bank circulation.
The delusion of that idea is this: when a
bank is organized there is a subsidiary circula-
tion springing out of the very organization of
the bank which more than counteracts all the
amount of the reserve.
My friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cam-
eron,] who is a banker, knows that the organ-
ization of a bank in any community draws from
the pockets of the people, in the form of
deposits, idle capital which may be idle but for
a few days, which is usually,_ on the average,
equal to the amount of capital of the bank.
These deposits belonging to the bank are made
the basis of circulation, not, it is true, of paper
money, but of drafts, loans, certificates of
deposit, and various forms of circulation; so
that the establishment of banks to the amount
of$40,000,000,inmyjudgment,will create more
circulation than the retirement of $45,000,000
of three per cent, certificates. The argument
would be rather the other way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Permit me
to make a suggestion, as the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Drake] is in the habit of saying,
'' right there." The bank notes and specie of
the country are only used for the mere retail
trade of the country, or of any country. All
the large transactions ara done either by checks
or bills of exchange.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt that if
banks are established in the South and West
to the amount of $45,000,000 the actual increase
of circulation, that which transacts business
and pays debts, will be much larger than
$45,000,000. By absorbing the little deposits
of merchants and business men, and even of
the freedmen of the South, they will largely
increase the currency and give facilities for
transacting business. But it is a delusion, as
every practical banker must know, to say that
the retirement of $45,000,000 of three per cent,
certificates is only equivalent to $52,000,000
of new banking circulation.
Mr. CORBETT. As the Senator from Ver-
mont said, "right there" I should like to men-
tion that the law requires that there shall be
this reserve held not only upon its circulation,
but its deposits. Therefore the $45,000,000 is
held just the same as deposits, and they have
toholdthereserve of that $45,000,000 the same
as they would in case it were issued under the
proposition of the Finance Committee now.
It makes not the slightest difference.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, the
whole theory of the honorable Senator from
Indiana is based on the idea that the deposits
of a bank will not exceed its reserve. It
would be a very poor bank, indeed, the depos-
its in which were not three or four times the
amount of the reserve. The idea of banks
being organized in a community where the
deposits, which are circulation, do not largely
exceed and several times multiply the reserve,
is a delusion.
Therefore I say we ought to confine the oper-
ation of this bill to the identical sum that we
propose to retire and cancel; and when we
pay off $45,000,000 of indebtedness, which
we are now prepared to pay, and which ought
to be got out of the road in order to prepare
for specie payments, let us also provide for the
other difficulty in the South and West by giving
them the same amount, and not a dollar more,
of currency in the form of bank notes, and in
that way confine our measure to what we pro-
pose to confine it to, a mode of eqaalizing the
circulation of the country and providing tem-
porary facilities for the Pacific coast in the
form of coin notes.
I hope, as we have had a long discussion on
this bill, that we may now get a vote as soon
as possible, and I trust the friends of the bill
will either sit it out or take a recess and come
back and finish it this evening.
Mr. SUMNER. To-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is other business
that ought to be attended to, and I do not like
to see this bill stand in the way of everything
else so long.
Mr. MORTON. Just one word. The issue
of $45,000,000 of national bank notes in lieu
of $45,000,000 of three per cent, certifi-
cates, which now fill a space that will take
$45,000,000 of legal tenders to fill when they
are withdrawn, will necessitate an absolute
withdrawal from circulation of $6,750,000 of
legal tenders, producing an actual contraction
of the volume of the currency to thatamount.
That cannot be denied. But the Senator says
that that is to be made up m the benefits of
banking. Sir, we are entitled to those benefits
without having the contraction of the currency.
But, sir, and I simply drop this word in
conclusion, why is it that the chairman of the
committee and others insist on giving to the
northwest and South grudgingly $37,000,000
of increase, when it must be a notorious fact
that that is not much more than half enough 1
If the $65,000,000 are not taken, as I pro-
pose to amend this bill, no harm is done; and
if it should be taken, it will be taken because
it is needed. But we are to be put off with
$45,000,000 under the vain hope that we will
get another bill next winter. Sir, weshall not
get another bill. All that we shall get for
years to come will be by this bill; and why is
it, where is the object, what is the reason,
what is the philosophy of tying us down simply
to $45,000,000 and saying, "Use that up. and
if you need more by and by we will give you
more," when $45,000,000 comes more than
$45,000,000 short of the proportion to which
we are entitled ?
Mr. CORBETT. I contend that the issue
of this $45,000,000 does not contract the cur-
rency. That is a mistake on the part of the
Senator from Indiana which can bo demon-
strated, because if you have $45,000,000 de-
posited now in the national banks do not the
banks have to retain twenty per cent.? Would
not that be $9,000,000 ? And on fifteen per
cent, would it not be about the $7,500,000
thatthe Senator complains of ? The banks have
to retain fifteen per cent, of the $45,000,000
that is now in their vaults. The new banks
would have to retain only the same amount.
Consequently, it is no contraction. The issue
of this $45,000,000 is just equal to the present,
issue of the $45,000,000 of three per cents
which are issued and held as legal tenders.
That is very clear. If the Senator from Indiana
will examine the law upon the currency ques-
tion it will be shown conclusively, for the
thirty-first section of the law provides—
"That every association in the oitias hereinafter
named shall at all times have on hand in lawful
money of the United States an amount equal to at
least twenty-fivo per cent, of the aggregate amount
of its notes in oiroulation and deposits."
Consequently this $45,000,000, which is held
principally in the large cities, when it is dis-
tributed among the small cities where only
fifteen per ceut. is required will actually be an
expansion of ten per cent, instead of a con-
traction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Giiandler] to the amendment, pro-
posing to increase the amount to $100,000,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
rGi ectsd
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, toincrease tbeamount fro m'$45j000,-
000 to $52,000,000.
Mr. 8UMNER and Mr. SHERMAN called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. Before the vote is taken
1 desire to say that I shall vote against this
amendment at present with a view of making
the sum larger ; but in the end I intend to sus-
tain the committee. I do not agree with the
committee in the remedy which they propose.
I think this attempt to relieve the South and
West will be futile, that it will amount to noth-
ing. It is like giving laudanum to a patient
who has got a disease which must kill him. In
my opinion the only means by which we can
get out of our present troubles is a resumption
of specie payments, and I believe that can
only be done when we relieve the country from
these greenbacks. The Government will then
be enabled to pay specie immediately; and
relieved from the Government the banks will
be able to take care of themselves. I shall
vote against the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana, and then I propose to vote for the
proposition of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. That has been voted
down.
Mr. CAMERON. Then, I shall vote for the
proposition of the Senator from Indiana, and
after that I shall vote with the committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. I trust this amendment
will not be adopted. This is a step directly in
the wrong direction. This is a proposition
to increase the circulation to the amount of
