910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
$7,000,000. If you let it go out that that, is to
be the policy of Congress you will see gold go
up immediately. Why, sir, there was a propo-
sition gravely discussed here this morning
which if adopted—it was not proposed as an
amendment to this bill—would carry the price
of gold up to 250 within thirty days; and this
proposition if adopted, increasing the circula-
tion by even so small an amount as $7,000,000,
will carry up gold, because it will show that
the Congress of the United States is in favor
of expansion instead of a reduction of the cur-
rency, as the people of the United States hope
and expect. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. Adopting the view of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, the Senator
from Michigan, and others, the best financial
hope of the country may yet be in the Supreme
Court. We are told that if the greenbacks
were disposed of no lawful money for bank
reserves would remain except coin, and so we
should at once come to specie payments. I
suggest, then, that if we will reverse the
hopes which have been expressed that the
legal-tender act might be judicially sustained
and give the Supreme Court the benefit of a
general wish that the act may be declared
unconstitutional, we may have this " consum-
mation devoutly to be wished" without the
trouble of legislation. It seems to me that here
may be the happy issue out of our afflictions.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. My question is whether the
Supreme Court simply waitforan expression of
opinion on the part of the Senate in order to
declare whether that law is constitutional or
not?
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir, I presume not;
and yet I think the court must be influenced
by the apparently pervading apprehension that
they may reach a determination adverse to the
validity of the legal-tender act. I think the
Senator will agree with me that one of the
influences which the court may be unable to
shut out is the supposed great apprehension
that such an event may occur; the supposed
public belief that such an event would be a
calamity. If it be true, however, that the end-
all and the be-all of financial restoration is to
dispose of the greenbacks, so that bank re-
serves must consist of coin and that only, it
seems to me the easiest way to cut the knot
would be for the court to just say that the law
is invalid, and the whole thing would be done.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish to ask the Senator
from New York whether he desires that we
shall pass a resolution here referring this sub-
ject to the court? Is that what he means?
Mr. CONKLING. No, I do not mean that;
I will say this, however: there is much finan-
cial talent in the court and we might be safe
if we could transfer the subject there. I am
inclined to thiuk the court would perhaps give
us a general policy, all the parts of which could
be studied at once, and not merely in fragments
and piecemeal, if this were done there might
be advantage in it.
Sir. CAMERON. Mr. President, I do not
think I understand what my friend, the Sena-
tor from New York, means by his explanation.
It would seem as if he had no plan of his own,
but wonld like to censure everybody who hap-
pens to think he has one. Now, I am willing
to say to him that I believe the only way in
which this country can get out of its financial
troubles is by resuming specie payments. I
think if the Government will separate itself
from the banks the banks will be able to take
care of themselves; and I am sure the Govern-
ment could pay all its liabilities in gold and
silver immediately, if it were clear of this
$300,000,000 of what are called greenbacks.
I remember very well when the suspension
of specie payments took place in 1837, and all
the banks of the country broke up, beginning
with those in New York, that the Government
sustained specie payments during the whole
terrn of ten or twelve years, in which that sus-
pension continued over the country. I remem-
ber very well again in 1857, when the next
suspension took place, that the Government
paid all its demands in gold and silver. It had
no embarrassments then except its current
expenses, and the currency of the country in
gold and silver was amply sufficient t,o meet
those expenses.
But these greenbacks, as theyare called, were
proposed during the war, in an hour of peril,
in an hour of tremor and alarm, when every-
body about the Government was afraid of what
was going to occur. They were an expedient
adopted in that time of alarm. If we had never
had a greenback we never should have had
gold at two or three hundred per cent, above
par. It was the greenbacks which caused all
the trouble we have had since, in my opinion.
My belief is, and it is the result of long exper-
ience in the business of banking, that we should
have no trouble if the banks were cut loose
from the Government, and the Government
would have none if separated from the banks.
Banking is a business like any other commercial
and manufacturingtransaction,dependent upon
the enterprise, the intelligence, the thrift, and
the business qualifications generally of the per-
sons engaged in it. Separate the banks from
the Government and they will have communi-
ties of their own. Every bank in its community
will have the whole neighborhood to take care
of it.
I remember that nobody ever troubled me
for specie in my business of banking. People
would come in and say good-humoredly, '' Will
you give me specie for this note?" I would
reply, "Yes;" and then they would say,
"Well, I do not want much ; let me have five
dollars; that is all I want." Upon a capital
of $100,000 I frequently had a circulation of
seven or eight hundred thousand dollars, and
once or twice for a year or more over nine hun-
dred thousand dollars; and I had no trouble in
sustaining that circulation. My bank was a
benefit to the community and a benefit to its
stockholders. But that bank was driven out of
existence by the taxation of this Government,
who interfered with its circulation. The Gov-
ernment has always been an injury to the banks,
while I believe the banks have always been a
benefit to the Government.
I think the present banking system is the
best that we have ever had, for this reason:
the circulation is understood by everybody and
it passes freely all over the country ; and after
we shall have resumed specie payments I shall
be one of the most anxious and most active to
make banking free like every other business
in the country. Why should not a man who
is disposed to put his money or the capital
which he has made by his industry or by his
painstaking into a bank be allowed to do so
as readily as if he proposed to put it into man-
ufacturing cotton or making shoes or tanning
leather?
Under this system the circulation is always
secured, and that is all that the Government
has anything to do with. The Government
imprints its royalty upon the paper and that
makes it money, and therefore the Government
ought to take care of that circulation. Beyond
that the deposits and all the other relations of
the business are mere matters of individual
business between the banker and his custom-
ers. It would be unwise, in my judgment, now
to make banking universal; but as soon as the
country resumes specie payments, and makes
it imperative upon itself and upon everybody
else to pay gold and silver for the demands
upon them, then there will be no reason why
we should not have a general system of free
banking.
My notion about circulation is different from
that of most gentlemen here. I think the cir-
culation will regulate itself. I have already
s&id that I have had from seven to nine hun-
dred thousand dollars circulation in my little
bank. It often got down to two or three hun-
dred thousand dollars, because sometimes it
required a large amount and sometimes-it re-
quired a smaller amount. It was my business
to be always prepared to take it up whenever
it was presented. No bank will issue a circu-
lation tha.t is not profitable to itself. No banker
who has any regard for his own reputation will
be willing to make such a circulation as he
shall not be able to take care of;
Mr. President, it is the banking system of the
country which hate made this country what it is.
The banks made the turnpikes and the canals
and the railroads; they have built the manu-
factories ; they have given the life-blood to all
the business of this country, and all our great-
ness has grown out of that fiction •which is
called banking. So it will be again whenever
you return to specie payments, but until you
do so there will be no confidence either in the
ability of the Government or of individuals
to pay.
I could go on and talk on this subject for a
long time; but that would be useless. I am
going to vote for this bill out of respect to the
Committee on Finance. They have reflected
long, and perhaps better than I could on this
subject, and they have reported this bill how
as a temporary expedient. I shall vote for it
with that view to give a temporary benefit, but
with the belief in my own mind that it will not
accomplish much, and in the hope that the
Committee on Finance will soon bring before
us something which will be more permanent
in its results.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator give way
to a motion to go into executive session ?
Mr. CAMERON. I only wish to say a word
more and then I will yield. I was going to say
that I believe the best proposition for the
future is that presented to us to-day by the
Senator from Michigan. He is a business man.
He has spent long years in the pursuit of com-
merce and trade and business, and finance of
course, because they all belong together. You
cannot separate finance from manufactures or
trade or commerce. They are all parts of the
same system. He has thought well on this sub-
ject, as I find by what he has said and by what
he has presented. But that does not seem to
meet the wishes of the Committee on Finance,
and I shall vote with the Committee on Finance
now with a view of finally taking his proposi-
tion.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from New
York, I suppose, made his proposition in a
Pickwickian sense. I do not suppose he really
imagines that a simple resolution of the Su-
preme Court would bring us back to specie pay-
ments. But I want to set the Senator's mind
at rest a little. I should be sorry to have him
lose his sleep under the apprehension that the
Supreme Court might do some such absurd,
unconstitutional, and illegal thing. It is not
to be presumed that the Supreme Court have
not been instructed on this subject. They have
undoubtedly read every speech that that hon-
orable Senator has made, and they have been
instructed financially, constitutionally, and
legally; and I consider that it is entirely safe
from any such terrible, awful calamity as would
befall the country under the Senator's sug-
gestion.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust not.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to withdraw that motion that 1
may introduce a joint resolution for reference.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to yield for
that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall go on
with this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts yields to allow a joint res-
olution to be introduced.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will be construed
as an indication of a desire to adjourn or go
into executive session. I must insist on going
