1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
911
on with the bill. Let us either go on with the
bill or adjourn. I object to any other business
being done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio objects. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes 21, noes 25.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to inquire of the
Chair if there was not an understanding that we
should vote on this bill to-day? Did we not
agree to that on Friday last ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir, we did not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vemont objected to such an arrange-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we can have a
vote now.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought I was a party
to such an agreement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. # The agreement
failed because it was not unanimously adopted.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have the
pending amendment reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana to strike out
" $45,000,000'' and insert "$52,000,000."
Mr. CONKLING. Before the vote is taken
I -wish to adjust a matter with the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania. It is not the wont
of that Senator to say ill-natured tilings. I do
not think he intended to be ill-natured now.
Mr. CAMliRON. Certainly, I did not.
Mr. CONKLING. Iam not sure that the
Senator from Michigan is not good-natured in
his jokes; nor am I sure that he ia. I have,
therefore, no matter to settle with that honor-
able Senator now.
The Senator from Pennsylvania remarked
that having no plan myself I wished, if I un-
derstood him aright, to find fault with those
who had plans. The honorable Senator quite
misapprehends me; he puts an erroneous con-
struction upon a harmless remark. I intended,
I will say frankly, to indicate precisely this :
having no plan myself, pretending to no capa-
city or aptness for the production of the true
plan of financial legislation, I expected at the
out3et of the session to follow the recommenda-
tions of the Secretary of the Treasury and of
the Finance Committee of this body. I hope
still to follow the lead of the authorities to which
I refer. . ,
But I have found myself during the pendency
of this measure embarrassed by nothing so much
as the absence of any general recommend-
ations. Here is a measure which takes up a
fragment of a general and connected subject--
a measure which the chairman of the commit-
tee informs us is to be followed by other as
yet undefined measures, taking up in severalty
other parts of the subject; and it is for the
want of a general scheme, a comprehensive
bill or series of bills, that it seems to me we
doubt where otherwise we might decide. It is
for want of a consideration of things which
must depend somewhat on each other that 1
feel myself not sure-footed at various turns ot
the debate. ,
I think I am not mistaken m supposing that
the custom of Ad ministrations and of Govern-
ments has been to come forward with a plan
or policy, at times like tins, if it be true that
at this time the financial treatment needed is
legislative, of which I am not convinced, but
rather believe that administration and not legis-
lation is the need of the country now. I think
I am not mistaken in supposing that it will be
usual for the Secretary of the 1 reasury , for the
Finance Committee, as the Finance Commit-
tee in its own time proposes to do, to piesen
a general scheme and policy which will enable
those less intruded to comprehend the
of the votes they give from time to time.
An illustration of this want lias just occurred.
The Senator from Michigan comes forward with
a proposition to retire $55,000,000 greenbacks.
The Senator from Ohio says that will not do.
Why? Because it would involve funding. Into
what? Into bonds. What kind of bonds, and
bearing what rate of interest? We do not
know, says the Senator, and I confess I tliiuk
there is great force in the objection. But, says
the Senator again, we are going presently to
know into what kind of bonds. Why? Because
the Finance Committee is coming forward pres-
ently with a funding scheme, very well. If
it were here now, if this measure were a part of
it, if it were on our tables, that we might know
what it is, the objection to the suggestion of
the Senator from Michigan would vanish,
because the question would be answered; it
would be determined whether four or four and
a half or five per cent, is to be the interest
of bonds, and whether they are to run for ten
or forty years, or for some intermediate time.
Without multiplying words, I wish to assure
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, who
no doubt in good nature and not in malice
retorted as he did, that it is no part of my pur-
pose to carp at those who have or those who
have not a financial policy. On the contrary,
my whole wish is, gaining such instruction as
I may, to vote for the best thing proposed;
and I only say byway of criticism, if criticism
it be, that had we from the Secretary of the
Treasury or from the committee, before dis-
posing of the pending bill, a general project,
a scheme, I think those so little instructed as
I am would be better able to determine how
they ought to vote. That is all; and I trust I
give no olfense to any member of the Senate,
least of all to my honorable and good-natured
friend from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator allow
me one moment?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. CAMERON. I certainly did not mean
to be uncivil to my friend, the Senator from
New York. 1 did think, however^ that his
words looked like casting a sort of censure
upon myself when he said we should refer this
question to the Supremo Court. I could not
imagine what the Supreme Court had to do
with the Senate of the United States. Weare
legislating on this subject.
Mr. CONKLING. I said no such thing as
the Senator imputes to me. If he will pardon
me, I only said that there being a case pending
before that court, if the decision should be as
had been feared it seemed to me we might be
led by a shorter way to the same result. I
proposed to refer nothing to the court.
Mr. CAMERON. I may have misunder-
stood the intention of the Senator. AH I can
say now is that there is nobody in the Senate
for whom I have a higher regard, and with
whom I would less wish to differ, than the hon-
orable Senator from New York.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understand the Sen-
ator from Connecticut would like to address
the Senate on this important measure, to which
he naturally has given so much attention, 1
hope he may haveproperand ample opportunity
to do so. Therefore I think I shall not err ana
shall harmonize with the views of the Senate
if 1 move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business, leaving the
Senator from Connecticut m possession ot the
floor for to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Connecticut it
it will suit his convenience to go on this even-
'"fir. BUCKINGHAM. I should like to be
heard on the general subject of finance m con-
nection with the bill now before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Not to night?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should prefer to
;] go on to-morrow. I am unable physically
now to proceed to say what I should like to
say on this subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust, then, as the Senate
seems disposed to yield to a motion to adjourn
or for an executive session, that we may have
an understanding that we shall take a vote on
this question at some hour to-morrow; say
four o'clock. I think it has been so thoroughly
discussed that we can certainly vote on it to-
morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio asks that there be unanimous con-
sent given to a proposition that the vote be
taken on this bill and the pending amendments
to-morrow at four o'clock. Is there objection ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Say three
o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. You had better say four
o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say four o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and it is unanimously agreed to.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
neb] now moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CRAGIN. Before that is done, I ask
unanimous consent to introduce a joint resolu-
tion for reference.
Mr. SUMNER. I yield for that purpose.
bill introduced.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 112) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to transfer to use in the
Bureau of Construction and Repairs and Steam
Engineering, for the purposes thereof, such of
the unexpended balances remaining to the
credit of the other bureaus of the Navy
Department and available for the current year
as may be from time to time required; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the joint res-
olution be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and I hope the committee will act
promptly on the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the following enrolled bills; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President :
A bill (S.No. 47) for the relief of S. & H.
Sayles and
A bill (S. No. 305) giving the consent of the
United States to the erection of a bridge across
the Willamette river, in Oregon, from the city
of Portland to the east bank of said river.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating a report of the
Secretary of State, made in compliance with
the requirements of an act entitled "An act
to regulate the diplomatic and consular sys-
tems of the United States," approved August
18, 1856, relative to fees collected by consuls
and consular agents ; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
report of a committee.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee onPost
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 986) to abolish the frank-
ing privilege, reported it without amendment.
affairs in georgia.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask consent to intro-
duce a resolution, and I ask for its present
consideration.
Mr. V1CKERS. I object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it read lot
'"M^CAIiPENTER. It is a resolution asking
for information that is needed by the Judiciary
C°MrmyickERS. 1 am willing to hear it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
