1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
918
and referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion.
DEPUTY COLLECTORS OP INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. ROOTS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1038) explanatory of an act entitled "An act
to allow deputy collectors of internal revenue
acting as collectors the pay of collectors, and
for other purposes;" which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
PUNISHMENT OF CRIMES.
Mr. HAMILTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1039) to amend the act entitled "An act
in addition to the act for the punishment of
certain crimes against the United States, and to
repeal the acts mentioned therein," approved
April 20, 1818; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Revision of the Laws of the United States.
MAIL ROUTES IN FLORIDA.
Mr. HAMILTON also presented a memorial
of the Legislature of the State of Florida, pray-
ing the establishment of certain mail routes ;
■which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
REMOVAL OP DISABILITIES.
Mr. HAMILTON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1040) to remove the political disabil-
ities of persons therein named in the State
of Florida ; which was read a ffrst and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
TOST ROADS IN IOWA.
Mr. POMEROY introduced a bill (H. R
No. 1041) to establish certain post roads in the
State of Iowa; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. LOUG-HRIDGE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1042) to establish certain post routes
in the State of Iowa; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
FOKT SNELLING MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, introduced
joint resolution (H. R. No. 136) for setting
apart a portion of the Fort Snelling military
reservation for a permanent military post, and
the settlement of all claims in relation thereto ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
HARBOE OF DULTJTII.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, also presented
a memorial of the Legislature of the State of
Minnesota, in relation to the improvement of
the harbor of Duluth ; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
DUTY ON FOREIGN COAL.
Mr. DUVAL presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of West Virginia, in relation
to the duty on foreign coal; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
G. W. TAQGART.
Mr. DUVAL also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1043) to provide for the relief of G. W.
Taggart, late lieutenant colonel fourteenth
regiment West Virginia volunteer infantry ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
EDUCATIONAL CORPORATIONS.
Mr. CHAVES introduced a bill (H. R- No.
1044) to authorize the Legislative Assemblies
of the United States to pass general acts ot
incorporation for educational and other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Education and
Labor, and ordered to be printed.
tunnel claims.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1045) in relation to tunnel claims; which
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 58,
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Mines and Mining, and
ordered to be printed.
TERRITORIAL LEGISLATURES.
Mr. SPINK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1046) providing for biennial sessions of the
territorial Legislatures, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Territories,
and ordered to be printed.
NEW POST ROUTES.
Mr. SUA FEE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1047) to establish a post route from Pierce
City, Idaho Territory, via Moose Creek Mines,
to Missouri, Montana Territory ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
WAGON-ROAD IN MONTANA.
Mr. CAVANAUGH presented the joint
memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Montana, asking for an appropri-
ation to construct a wagon-road in the Territory
of Montana; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been completed, the
next business in order is the call for resolu-
tions to be presented for consideration at the
present time. The call on last Monday rested
at the State of Illinois.
LliGAL-TIDNDlSR NOTES.
Mr. INGERSOLL submitted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question :
llcsolved. That tlio Committoo on Banking and
Currency be. and are hereby, directed to report to
this House Houso bill No. 490, authorizing an addi-
tional issue of legal-tender notes to the amount of
844,000,000, &c„ within six days.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
82, noes 58; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Ingkrsoll, and Mr.
Garfield of Ohio.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 43, noes 71.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, rose to debate
the resolution, and it went over.
POSTAL TELEGRAPH.
Mr. CITLLOM submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
nesolved, That the special committee to whom was
referred a bill providing for the establishment ol a
postal telegraph be directed to inquire into the whole
subject of telegraphing in the United btatcs, ana to
send for persons find papers.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
38, noes 40; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Washburn, of Wis-
consin, and Mr. Cbkbk.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 35, noes 75.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I want
the yeas and nays, to see who are in favor ot
suppressing information.
The SPEAKER. The demand for the yeas
and nays is not in order.
Mr. RANDALL rose to debate the resolu-
tion, and it went over.
PAYMENT op TUB PUBLIC DEBT.
Mr. McNEELY submitted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the national debt should be paid in
strict compliance with the contract, whethei it is
made payable in gold or greenbacks; that the live-
twenty bonds are payable in^greenbacks or thur
I equivalent, and we condemn tho polios of the Ad-
ministration, which is squandering millions of money
by buying sueh bonds at a high rate of premium
when the Government had the clear right to redeem
them at par.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I move that the
resolution be laid upon the table, and I do so
in order to test the sense of the House, as I
am in favor of the resolution and will vote
against laying it on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 121, nays 41, not voting
52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnell, Asper,
Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Boaman, Benjamin, Bennett,
Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, George
M. Brooks, Bnolc, Buckley, Bufflnton, Burchard,
Cako, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, A mas a Cobb, Clin-
ton L.Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cowles, Cullom,Dawes.
Dcweese, Dickey, "Dixon, Dockcry, Donley, Duval,
Farnsworth, i'crriss, li'erry, Finkclnburg, Fisher,
Fiteh, Garfield, GiDillao, Greono, Halo, Hamilton,
ILiwley.Hoaton.Ueflin, Hill, Iloar, Ilooper, Jenokes,
Judd, Kclloy, Kellogg, kelsoy.Kctcnam,Knapp.Laf-
lin, Lawrence. Logan. Loughridge, Lynch. Maynard,
MeCrary, McGrew, Mercur, Kliakim Ii.Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Daniel .t. Morroll, Samuel 1'. Morrill,
Myers, O'N eill.Orth,Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Petors. Phelps. Piatt, Poland, Pomoroy, Roots, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Schcnok, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A.
heldon, Porter Sheldon, Slocum, -John A._Snuth,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather. Stevens, Stovenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taftc, Tanner, Iill-
man, Townsend, TVioiiell, Tyner, Upson, Uadwala-
der C. Washburn. William B. Washburn, Wolker,
Wheeler, Whittomoro, Wilkinson, Willard, and Wil-
liams—121. „ _ , _. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Boatty, Leek, Liggs, Lird,
.Tames Brooks, Burr.Crcbs, Dickinson, Dox.jildndge,
Gotz, Gibson,GoUadaj, Griswold,Ilolinan,Johnson,
Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Mccor-
mick, McNeely, Morgan. Niblack, Heading, Rice,
Sohumakor, Sherrod, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles,
Strader, Sweeney, Trimbol, VanAuken, Van Trump,
Voorhoes, Wells, Eugono M. Wilson, Wmchestor,
and Woodward—it.
MOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Ann-
strong, liarnum.Burdott, Benjamin p. Butler, Kod-
orick It.Uuiler, Calkin. Cleveland, Cook, Cox, Davis,
Dyer, Ela, l'ox, Hoighl, Haldoimm,JJamblcton,
Jlamill, Hawkins, Hay, Hays, Hoag, JIobo. Hotch-
kiss, lngersoll, Aloxander H. Jones. Julian, Lr^h,
Mayham, McCarthy, Milnos, Jesse H. Moore, Mor-
rissoy, Mnngen.N cgley, Porter, Potter, Prossor, Itan-
dull, Beeves, llidgway, Rogers, Sanford, Stono,
Swann, Van Horn, Ward, John T. Wilson, ffinans,
Witcher, and Wood—52.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
MATERIALS IN DOCR-YAUDS, ETC.
Mr. BURR submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous
question:
1 Jtmolved. Thai the He ere. law of War bo. and is
hereby, instructed to report to this House the amount
of raw material, sueh as copper, tin, and pig-lead,
now on hand in the various dock-yards and arsenals
in the United States belonging thereto; and also
whether or not the public interest will be subserved
by soiling the whole or a part oi tins material.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. RUHR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
internal taxes.
Mr. CULLOM submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That tlio Secretary of tho Treasury bo
requested to furnish for the use of the Louse a state-
ment showing the amount of lax collected ior the
voar ending December ol, 1809, on liquors and to-
baeco respectively in each congressional district ;
and also the aggregate amount ot internal tax paid
from all sources in each eonsre.-i'ional district in the
United States, giving the amount paid by each dis-
trict separately.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the oper-
ation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid on
the table. . .
The latter motion was agreed to.
national lab0ji union.
Mr. LOGAN submitted the following resolu-
