1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
men whose swearing-in was not objected to the
other day ?
Mr. PAINE. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. Has the gentleman from
Wisconsin any objection to Mr. Lewis McKen-
zie, member-elect from the seventh district of
Virginia, being sworn in 011 the prima facie
case ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that question at present.
Mr. Ayer appeared and qualified by taking
the oath prescribed by the act of July 2, 1802.
LEWIS M'KENZIE, VIRGINIA.
Mr. BINGHAM. I riso to a question of
privilege. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That Hon. Lewis MeKenzio be now sworn
in as member of this Hoasofrom the seventh district
of Virginia, he having thopn'ma/acteright thereto;
but without prejudice to tho claim of Cha.rlos Whit-
tlesey, contestant to such scat, or to his right to pros-
ecute his claim thereto.
I ask the chairman of the Committee of
Elections whether Mr. McKenzie's certificate
is not precisely the same in form and substance
as those of the other members from Virginia
who have been sworn in ?
Mr. PAINE. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio I will state to the House
the precise condition of this case. The creden-
tials" of this gentleman are, I believe, in the
same form as the credentials of other gentle-
men from Virginia who have been sworn in,
but there is a resolution of the House which
provides that whenever either contestant shall
allege that the other claimant to the seat is
unable to take the "iron-clad oath,so called,
the Committee of Elections shall inquire into
that charge, and shall report to the House their
finding. Until they shall decide that question
they can make no report to the House, and if
they shall find that the person charged with
being unable to take that oath is unable to take
it, they shall be discharged from the further
consideration of his claim.
Now, it happens that in this case Mr. Mc-
Kenzie's opponent, Mr.Whittlesey, alleges in
his notice of contest that Mr. McKenzie is
unable to take the so-called "iron-clad oath,"
and testimony has been taken on both sides
upon that question, which I understand to be
the main question involved in the contest.
That testimony is voluminous, and is now in
the hands of the printer. Until it can bo
printed and laid before the committee the
committee will be unable to dispose of that
question. The committee, therefore, until the
testimony shall be printed, will be unable,
un8er the resolution of the House, to make
any further report in this ease. But, neverthe- |
less, it is true that the House, having all power i
over this subject in its hands, may, of couise, ]
if it sees fit, permit Mr. McKenzie to take the
oath. I would say, not as a member ot the
committee, because I aui precluded by the
resolution of the House from taking any action
here as a member of the committee; but as an
individual I will say that I can have^ no per-
sonal objection to this oath being administered
to McKenzie if ho can take it, and as a mem-
ber of the committee I can raise no objection,
nor should I regard that the entertaining 01
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio by the
House would be an exhibition of _ want 01
respect to the committee, the committee being
expressly precluded from presenting a ques-
tion of this kind to the House.
Mr FARNSWORTH. I wish to state that
so far as Mr. McKenzie is concerned lie stands
ready to take the oath. 1 will state further
that I knew Mr. McKenzie very well auring the
war, and as early as the fall ot 1861 and
the following winter. I spent a portion 01 tlia
winter in Alexandria with the regiment which
I had raised and which 1 was then commanding.
Mr. McKenzie was then acting mayor ol Alex-
andria, and in my opinion lis loyal a man as
ever lived. He remained there true to the flag
when the rebels fled. He was a true man) &
great deal truer man than some military onieoi >
in Alexandria at the time. He has taken the
test-oath numberless times since then, having
held various official positions in Alexandria
and in Virginia. And I know, as well as a man
can know the mind of another, that there is
110 more loyal man in the country than Lewis
McKenzie, and that he can take the test-oath
as readily as I or any other member of the
House can take it.
Mr. MAYNARD. This question having
been sprung upon the House in this manner, it
is but just to the applicant, Mr. McKenzie, and
but right in me to state that I knew him inti-
mately during pretty much all the time the late
war was going on. Under an election which
was held, or attempted to be held in that
part of Virginia under the auspices of what was
called tho "Wheeling government,'' and which
was afterward recognized by Congress, and
representation allowed to Virginia in part
under that election, Mr. McKenzie claimed to
have been elected to this House. He came
here and asked to be allowed to take his seat,
but it was denied to hiiu by the House.
I have always recognized Mr. McKenzie as
a loyal man, as a Union man, cooperating with
the forces of the Government in the suppres-
sion of the rebellion, and as thoroughly identi-
fied with the Government in feeling. As to
the merits of the controversy concerning the
seat I know nothing and have heard nothing ;
but in regard to the question of the personal
loyalty of Mr. McKenzie I should be very much
surprised to learn anything that was inconsist-
ent with thorough loyalty on his part.
Mr. BURR. The only suggestion I, as a
member of tho Committee of Elections, have
to make, is this: while I have no objection
whatever to the person now seeking to bo sworn
in as a member of this House as being prima,
facie entitled to aseat here, and waiving any fur-
ther investigation by the Committee of Elec-
tions of the charge of disloyalty which has been
made against him, still I should like to have
some general understanding of the subject
which may bo hereafter followed as a prece-
dent.
There is one case which has already been sent
to the committee and is there resting at this
time. It has been spoken of by different gen-
tlemen, who can on this floor give personal
information, which, however, I suppose would
be unavailing in his case. I will merely say that,
in my judgment, there ought to bo some gen-
eral rule established about these matters which
may be considered hereafter as a precedent.
Having said this much, I will say I have no
personal objection to the proposed course at
this time. ,
Mr. CESSNA. I have no knowledge upon
this subject as to whether this gentleman
should or should not be sworn in, except thai,
as a member of the Committee of Elections,
I have read his answer. Having _ read that
answer, I am strongly of the opinion that 1
shall come to tlie same conclusion which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. BtxchamJ has
come to. t-
But I object to this resolution at this time
for this reason : the whole of the papers ol
the Virginia delegation have been referred to
the Committee of Elections, and we have
made reports in the cases of six of them, and
they have already been sworn ui. But in
regard to the other two cases we have not been
enlightened by a single word from the Com-
mittee of Elections, hor that reason, and
that alone, it seems to me that it is premature
to have this matter thrust upon the House at
this time. . ... ,
The Committee of Elections wai ho*d its
regular meeting to-morrow morning, and it
seems to me it would bo more satisfactoiy to
the House to have these matters passed upon
by a* committee and reported upon to the
HIfSwe now put this case through the House
while it is pending before the committee we
may to-morrow or
1- some other day be asked to
put some other gentleman's name on the roll
without any consideration of his case by tho
committee. For this reason, and because by
the former action of the House his case has
been referred to the committee, which has not
yet had time to consider it, I object to any
action by the House at the present moment.
The committee can report to-morrow morning,
and I have no doubt the reports will be favor-
able to the claims of this gentleman; but I
think all cases of this kind should receive con-
sideration at the hands of a committee, and for
that reason I would prefer, if agreeable to the
views of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] that action on this matter be delayed
until to-morrow. •
Mr. SCHENC1C. Mr. Speaker, I simply
desire to make a suggestion to my colleague [Mr.
Bingham] and through him to Mr. McKenzie.
I would suggest that my colleague withdraw
the present motion in order to await the action
of the committee, which I understand will very
soon be reported to the House, and will no
doubt be favorable to the claim of Mr. McKen-
zie to a seat.
I know a little about Mr. McKenzie, and am
very much disposed to doubt any allegation
whatever imputing to him a want of entire
loyalty. I am perfectly willing to trust to his
judgmentand his conscience the determination
of the question whether he can take again the
oath which he has frequently taken heretofore.
But it appears to me that to bring Mr. McKen-
zie into the House by this Caesarian operation,
[laughter,] while the committee are engaged
upon his case and likely very soon to report,
might place him in a rather awkward position.
It would, in ray judgment, be bettor for Mr.
McKenzie to be admitted here upon proof taken
011 both sides, and such a triumphant vindica-
tion as would be afforded by the report of the
committee, than to be brought in by what might
bo termed a snap-judgment.. I use tho term
in no evil sense. I know how sympathetic we
are ill this House ; I know how apt we are to
act upon our personal opinions in these mat-
ters, without reference sometimes to forms.
Were Mr. McKenzie admitted in the manner
now proposed it might be said that, fearing
tho report of the committee, ho had obtained
admission in a left-handed way.
Although I shall vote for my^ colleague s
proposition if it bo pressed, believing that Mr.
McKenzie can conscientiously take this oath
and ought to be admitted, I would suggest
that the motion of my colleague be withdrawn
for two or tliree d&yti) oi*j «it lcsistj lor ono u&yj
in order to enable the committee to report,
and thus give Mr. McKenzie his vindication.
Mr. CESSNA. One day will be sufficient.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, 1 am 111
perfect accord with the views expressed by my
colleague, [Mr. Soiiknck;] but I have been
advised, and therefore I have introduced this
resolution, that the committee have not yet
inquired into this case and do not intend to
inquire into it until the testimony shall have
been printed, which will not be till sixty days
hence.
Mr. CESSNA. Oh, no.
Mr. BINGHAM. Now, sir, this resolution
reserves everybody's rights. It dpes not affect
any right of this House. Should it at any time
be brought to the noticc of tho House, either by
the report of a committee or the statement of any
member 011 tho floor, that a party had falsely
qualified, it would be competent for the Mouse
to pass upon the question at once, fo say that
a man as well qualified as any of us to take the
test-oath shall have his case suspended for sixty
days awaiting tho action of the Public rrmlei,
because the contestant has chosen to put in
his papers an allegation that his opponent
cannot take the oath, is simply denying to the
people of the district m question the right oi
representation. This is not a question of sym-
pathy with me, but a matter of duty. .
I will withdraw my resolution if the chair-
mail of the Committee of Elections will say
