918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
that the committee will report on this question
to-morrow. I yield to him for a moment that
he may give me an answer on this point.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I understand
the gentleman to inquire whether the Commit-
tee of Elections will be able to report on this
ease to-morrow.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. PAINE. I cannot say that the com-
mittee will be ready to report on this case
to-morrow, becausc the testimony on this pre-
cise point is very voluminous, and it is now, as
I understand, in the hands of the printer. I do
not see how we can report to-morrow.
Mr. BINGHAM. And I understand the
committee cannotjnake a report till the printer
prints the testimony; and the printer will not
have it ready till sixty days hence. Now, Mr.
Speaker, T submit to the House upon such a
state of facts as that it is simply unjust to deny
to this man the right to take the oath under
his responsibility to the IIouso. He can be
expelled any day by a two-thirds vote if it
should appear that he had taken it falsely. As
to the power of the House over him there is no
question about that. As 10 the rights of the
contestant they are reserved by the express
words of the resolution. And it is simply
because, I am advised by tho chairman of the
Committee of Klections, they do not propose
to consider the matter until the papers have
been printed, and they cannot be printed for
sixty days, that I ask the resolution be passed.
Mr. BOTIR. In the mean time tho commit-
tee will have jurisdiction.
Mr. BINGHAM. Of course they will. I
demand the previous question.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
■10, noes 50 : no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Dickey and Mr.
Bingham.
Tho House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 71, noes GJ.
So the previous question was.scconded.
Mr. STEVENSON demanded the yeas and
uajb on ordering the main question.
Mr. FERRISS demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered ; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The main question was ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid ou the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. McKexzid presented himself at tho
Speaker's desk, and qualitied by taking the
oath prescribed by act of July 2, 18(i2.
DEPARTMENTAL ESTIMATES.
Mr. UPSON. I ask unanimous consent to
submit tho following resolution :
Whereas statements have been made to tiiisilouLC
calculated to convoy the impie'sion that tho expenses
of tho Government, instead of having been dimin-
ished. havo been increased since the beginning of
tho present Administration, as well as to the people
that oilicial information should bo given in reference
to such expenses: Therefore,
Itesoherl, That tho Secretary of StrUe, tbo Secre-
tary of tho Treasury, tho Secretary of the Inteiior,
tho Secretary of War. tho Secretary of the Navy, and
tho Postmaster General, be requested to inform the
House whether the estimates of their respective De-
partments for tho fiscal year ending JuneSO. 187.1,
exceed tho estimates or appropriations foi the fiscal
year purlins .Tnnc 30, 1870; and if so, that they state
ihn reasons for such increased estimates.
Objection was made.
Mr. UPSON moved to suspend the rules.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
12, noes 48; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered tell-
ers, and appointed Mr. Ursoxand Mr. Bruit.
The House again divided; and the tollers
reported—ayes 06, noes 58.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
speaker's table.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE moved that the Ilou=e
proceed to tho consideration of the business
on tho Speaker's table.
Tho motion was agreed to.
ABSTRACTION Oi' STAMPS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Postmaster General,
in reply to a resolution of the House dated
January 27, 1870, directing him to communi-
cate to this House any information that he may
have in relation to the abstraction of stamps
from the post office at Havre de Grace, Mary-
land, on or about the 21st day of Juno, 1860.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee ou tho Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Dim' ON COAL.
Tho SPEAKER also laid before the^ House
a letter from the Governor of West Virginia,
transmitting joint resolutions of that State
opposing reduction of duty on foreign coal;
which were referred to the Committee of Ways
and Moans, and ordered to be printed.
MAllINE HOSPITAL SKltVICE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a bill for the reorgan-
ization of the' marine hospital service; which,
ou motion of Mr. Ingekkoll, was referred to
tho Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
PATENT OFl'ICIS KKl'OllT.
The SPEAKER also laid beforo tho House
a communication from tho Commissioner of
Patents, transmitting his annual report for the
year ending December 31, 1809; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents, and or-
dered to be printed.
m-TJBUJiTII AMENDMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following communication from the Gov-
ernor of the State of Ohio:
Statu or Ohio, Executive Dupaht.mk.nt,
('ulumisus, January 2-S, 1870.
Sik: I havo the honor to transmit herewith joint
resolutions ratifying theproposed "fifteenth consti-
tutional amendment" passed by tho General Assem-
bly of tho State of Ohio J anuary 27, A. I>. 1870.
V er y r e s p e c t fu 1 i y,
B. B. IIAYES, Governor.
To tho Spiukfk of the Mouse of Itcpreieiitattvcs,
Washington, 1). C.
The communication and accompanying res-
olutions were referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
diplomatic and consular syst15j!.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To /he Senate and House of Jlcpresentolivts :
I herewith transmit to Uungrcs; a report, d.ited
Ulth instant, received from tho Secretary of State,
in compliance with tho requirements of the eight-
eenth section of the aotentitled "An act to regulate
tho diplomatic and consular systems of the United
States," approved August 18,1SJG.
V. S. <iKA>~T,
IC.XEt r-rivr, llAXSInx,
WAbUixorux. B.C..
The SPEAKER. The accompanying papers
have gone to the Senate, and the House cauuot
make an older with icference to them. They
will be printed by order of the Senate.
The message was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to bo printed.
LAND MIMCT JN WYOMING.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (H. R. No. 131) to establish a land
district in Wyoming Territory, and for other
purposes, returned from tho Senate with
amendments.
The amendments were read, as follows :
Paso 1, line six, after the word " laws" insert " jll
other laws not locally inapplicable." _
Paye 1, lino eleven, after the word " Wyoming "
insert "with a snlary of 'jS.OOO per annum.
Pago 1, lino JIfteeii, strike out the word " < oinpcns-
ation.''
The amendments v.'eve agreed iut
PUOPESSOll RAYMOND'S REP0KT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the following concurrent resolutiou of the
Senate; which was read, and referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Jiesolved by the Setwie, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That five thousand oopies or the
report of Professor Raymond on mines and immnB
bo printed for tho use of the Senate.
john c. bee3ide.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 2) for the
relief of John C. Reeside ; which was read a
first and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and directs the Quartermaster General to set-
tle and pay upon the bills of lading the accounts
of John C. Reeside, for the transportation of
public stores at the contract price, for the
amount of public stores actually transported
under his contract dated April 4, 1867, on
route No. ii, for Kansas, Colorado, and New
Mexico.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe_ this joint reso-
lution is subject to the objection that it con-
tains an appropriation, and should go to the
Committee on Appropriations. I make that
point of order.
The SPEAKER- The Chair overrules the
point of order. The joint resolution directs
the payment to be made by the Quartermaster
General, and the payment would come out of
an appropriation already made.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. This joint resolution
was introduced into the Fortieth Congress, and
went to the Committee on Military Affairs of
this House. The committee were unanimously
in favor of its passage, and it passed this
House without any opposition. It then went
to the Senate, but did not pass that body.
During the first session of the present Con-
gress it passed the Senate, being recommended
by the Committee on Military Affairs of the
Senate. The object of the joint resolution is
simply to pay Reeside for transportation of
public stores at contract prices.
It seems that in 1807 Reeside entered into
a contract with tho Government for the pur-
pose of carrying freight at certain rates. He,
carried the freight for some three months.
Then difficulties arose ; very heavy floods came
on and broke up the roads; and this, taken in
connection with Indian hostilities which broke
out, rendered it absolutely impossible for hitn
to go on with his contract.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. Out of the funds which are
liable for the purpose how much will it require
to be appropriated to pay the amount of this
bill?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I cannot say what
will bo the exact amount. My impression is
that it will be about five thousand dollars, but
I am not certain.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman con-
sent to limit the amount to $5,000?
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. No; I cannot. He
simply asks payment for what he actually
hauled at the contract price, which was very
low indeed. He only asks payment for what he
did, nothing more and nothing less. The bill
is fair. I send to the Clerk's desk the report
of tho Committee on Military Affairs of this
House in the Fortieth Congress in this ease,
and ask to have it read.
The Clerk read the report.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I now yield for a
moment to the chairmau of the Committee
on Military Affairs, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. 1 know nothing myself about
! tho facts of this case, but I have inquired of
1 gentlemen who were on the Committee on
; Military Affairs of the last Congress, when a
i similar bill to this was reported, and I find
| that the statements made by the gentleman from
5 Iowa [Mr. Loughridge] are strictly correct.
| A bill similar to this was unanimously reported
i by the Committee on Military Affairs of the
: ] .>t House and passed the House, and there-
