920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Mr. ROGERS. I will accept tlie amend-
ment as a modification of my motion.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I think the bill ought
to be referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
The SPEAKER. If there be 110 objection
the bill will be referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
There was no objection.
internal revenue.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill £S. No. 296) to amend existing laws
relative to internal revenue; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
potomac insurance company.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 383) to renew and continue
in force the charter of the Potomac Insurance
Company of Georgetown, District of Colum-
bia; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
passport clerk.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. 11. No. 106) author-
izing the passport clerk at the Department of
State to administer oaths and affirmations on
applications for passports; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that this resolution be
acted on at the present time.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and empowers the clerk in the Department of
State who may from time to time be assigned
to the duty of examiningapplications for pass-
ports to receive and attest, but without charge
to the affiant, all oaths, affidavits, or affirma-
tions which are or may be required by law or
by the rules of the Department of State to be
made before granting such passport or pass-
ports; and such oaths, affidavits, or affirmations
are to be deemed to be made under the pains
and penalties of perjury.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles ; when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. 47) for the relief of S. and
H. Sayles ; and
An act (S. No. ."Osi) giving the consent of
the United States to the erection of a bridge
across the Willamette river in Oregon, from the
city of Portland to the east bank of said river.
port 01' delivery at omaiia.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 297) to constitute Omaha,
in the State of Nebraska, a port of delivery;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. TAFFE, I ask thjit this bill be put on
its passage now.
The bill, which was read, provides that
Omaha, in the State of Nebraska, shall be
constituted a port of delivery within the col-
lection district of New Orleans ; and there is
to bo appointed a surveyor of customs, to
reside at said port, who shall, in addition to
his own duties, perform the duties and receive
the salary and emoluments prescribed by the
act of Congress approved on the 2d of March,
1831, for importing merchandise into Pitts-
burg, Wheeling, and other places.
Mr. FINKELNBUIIG. _ I move that this
bill be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Nebraska [Mr. Taffh] is entitled to the floor.
Does he yield for a JBOtioi to refer the bill ?
Mr. TAFFE. No, sir. I call for the pre-
vious question on ordering the bill to a third
reading.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes 42, noes 24; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Taffe and Mr.
Finkelnbubg.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 58, noes 42.
So the previous question was seconded.
On ordering the main question, there were—■
ayes 45, noes 46 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Taffe and Mr.
Ingersoll.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that they failed to agree in the count.
The SPEAKER. The Chair appoints the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
and the gentleman from New York [Mr. Pot-
ter] to take the places of the tellers who cannot
agree in their count.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 57, noes 60.
So the main question was not ordered.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william l. iianscom.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 108) author-
izing the President to permit William L. Hans-
com, late a naval constructor of the Navy of
the United States, to withdraw his resignation
of that office; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. BANKS. 1 ask that this resolution be
acted on at the present time.
The joint resolution was read. It proposes
to authorize the President to permit William
L. Hanscom, late naval constructor of the
Navy of the United States, to withdraw his
resignation of that office, which was accepted
by the Department of the Navy January 5,
I860, and to reinstate him in the office of naval
constructor; but no pay, emoluments, or com-
pensation in any form are to be allowed or
paid under authority of this resolution, except
such as may become due under the laws for
services which may be rendered from and after
the time when he shall have been reinstated by
order of the President.
Mr. BANKS. I hope that joint resolution
will be put on its passage at this time. Mr.
Hanscom was employed in the naval service as
a naval constructor for many years. He built
some of the best vessels in the Navy. He built
the Monadnoek, the Kearsarge, and other ves-
sels of the same kind. He resigned his posi-
tion in 3 806, desiring and expecting to con-
tinue as a naval constructor in private yards ;
but as the commerce of the country has suf-
fered from recent events, and as he is without
sufficient employment, he is willing to return
to his old place in the naval service of the
United Slates. The resolution itself is to au-
thorize the President of the United States in
his discretion to reinstate Mr. Hanscom if he
shall think proper; and I hope the House
will consent this may be done. I know Mr.
Hanscom well, and am happy to say that he
is an excellent mechanic and most estimable
man.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask my col-
league whether tho place from which Mr.
Hanscom resigned has since been filled?
Mr. BANKS. The Secretary of the Navy
expressed in my hearing to a Senator that he
desired Mr. Hanscom to be reinstated in the
service.
Mr, D4WB8. If the place which Mr. Hans-
com resigned is still vacant I do not see what
necessity there is for passing this joint resolu-
tion; but if the jjlace is not vacant and has
been filled since his resignation this joint res-
olution will in effect create a new office.
Mr. BANKS. I do not speak of any new
place; but the Secretary of the Navy has
expressed a doubt about accepting the services
of Mr. Hanscom after so long a time since his
resignation was accepted.
Mr. DAWES. I do not wish to oppose the
resolution; but I simply wish to know the fact
whether it makes an additional office or not ?
Mr. BANKS. 1 do not understand that it
does.
Mr. PAINE. I do not know that I am in-
clined to oppose this joint resolution; but I
wish the gentleman from Massachusetts would
state why it is that a measure of this sort should
pass to enable the President or the Secretary
of the Navy to accept this gentleman back
into the Navy unless the place from which he
resigned has been filled already.
Mr. BANKS. No such_ reason is assigned
for the passage of this joint resolution; but
the Secretary of the Navy expresses a doubt
as to his authority or his right to allow this
resignation to be withdrawn at this time.
Mr. PAINE. How can there be any diffi-
culty about the reappointing of this gentleman
if the place from which he resigned is still
vacant.
Mr. BANKS. It is not a reappointment,
but that he shall hold the place which he would
have held if he had not resigned.
Mr. PAINE. What difficulty can there be
in the way of the President putting this gen-
tleman in a place now vacant.
Mr. BANKS. The Secretary of the Navy
expresses a doubt on the subject.
Mr. PAINE. I am afraid there is no vacant
place, and that this joint resolution will create
a new office.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think the gentleman
from Massachusetts should allow this joint res- ,
olution to be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs for examination. It may be all
right, but it should be reported from a com-
mittee.
I can answer the question put by the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine.] The object
of passing this joint resolution is not to allow
the President to reappoint him, and to send his
name to the Senate for filling this place in case
of a vacancy, but it is to give Mr. Hanscom
a higher grade of rank than he would have
if he went into tho Navy for the first time.
Under this joint resolution his commission
would bear the oldest date; but if he were to
be commissioned now for the first time his name
would of course be at the foot of the list. If he
is allowed to withdraw his resignation he goes
back to his old commission, and his rank will
remain just as if he had not resigned but had
remained in the service during the whole time.
It will put him above the men who were below
him and who have continued in the service. I
do not know that is right. I will not say whether
itis or not, asl have not examined the subject;
but I think a measure of this sort should be
referred for examination to one of the commit-
tees.
Mr. CULLOM. Can the gentleman say
whether Mr. Hanscom's services are needed
now?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I only knowthatif this joint
resolution passes Mr. Hanscom will take rank
under the date of his old commission, while
if this was a reappointment he would only take
rank according to the date of his new commis-
sion.
Mr. BANKS. I will answer the question
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Citklok.]
I am informed that it is deemed necessary and
expedient that Mr. Hanscom's services should
be secured by the Government.
Mr. STEVENS. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, is this gentle-
