922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
I have now the honor to inform you that the statue
of Major General Nathanael Greene, by Mr. H. Iv.
Brown, an American artist, is finished and has been
forwarded to Washington and delivered to the arch-
itect of the Capitol.
With high respect, I have the honor to remain
your most obedient servant,
SETH PADELFORD,
Governor of Rhode Island,
The Honorable the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. JENCKES. It has become the pleasant
duty of the Representatives of Rhode Island
to offer to Congress, in response to the joint
resolution invitingsuch presentation, the statue
of her illustrious son, the great soldier and
general of the war of independence, Nathanael
Greene.
It is the first contribution to that hall of
statuary in which the States have been invited
to place tlie images of their distinguished men.
That old Hall, which had already attained his-
toric fame as the place of meeting of the Rep-
resentatives of the people, having given place
to the one we now occupy in the growth
of the nation, was wisely dedicated and set
apart to receive and retain the forms of the
great representative men who have preceded
us, sculptured in enduring marble. The living
generations and those who represent them in
these Halls eomeand go; but hereafter the forum
which has been relinquished by the living will
be filled with the images of the great ones who
have gone on before, a silent yet eloquent com-
pany, teaching the great lessons of our coun-
try's history, and inspiriting the patriotism of
all who shall come into their presence.
Rhode Island has selected General Greene to
represent her in this august assembly of the
past, because his life and deeds belong to the
nation. Though born and reared in the small-
est and most clannish of the Commonwealths
which united in achieving independence and
then merged in the Union of the States under
the Constitution, he never had a thought which
 vas not as broad as the Republic. He was
among the first to recommend a national dec-
'aratiou of independence. Wherever he served
ihe wholo weight of his mind, of his character,
and of his example was given to overbear the
petty jealousies and rivalries of the several
colonies.
" For my part,'1 he wrote from the camp of
observation before Boston, in 1775, " I feel the
cause and not the place. I would as soon go to
Virginia as stay here.'' He felt from the be-
ginning, and he was one whose service dated
from the day of Lexington, that the object of
the war was not merely to secure the separation
of the Colonies from Great Britain. He was
one of the few to whom the great future and
destiny of the new nation were revealed. He
wrote from the camp before Boston, in the
interval between Lexington and Bunker Hill,
with all the enthusiasm of a young soldier, and
yet with the prescience of a statesman :
_ "Amcrica must raise an empireof permanent dura-
tion, supported upon the grand pillars of truth, free-
dom, and religion, based upon justice and defended
by her own patriotic sons."
And he adds in the same letter :
"Permit me. tiien, to recommend from tho sin-
cerity of my heart, ready at all times to bleed in my
country's eaupp. a declaration of independence, and
call upon tho world and tho great God who governs
it to witness the ncce^ity, propriety, and rectitude
thereof."
All his suggestions and recommendations
were in favor of a national policy and national
action, for the achievement of national inde-
pendence, and tho creation of a national republic
which should be a power among the nations of
the earth. His entire correspondence breathes
with this national spirit. In the character of
statesman as well as soldier ho is entitled to a
place among the nation's worthies. In this
character, said Hamilton—
"His reputation falls far belov.- his desert _J1
reauireit a longer life and still greater opportunities
to have enabled him to exhibit in full day the vast.
Ihadalmostsaidtheeuormous power? of kisiuiiad."
"The sudden termination of his
life out him off from those scenes, which the progress
of a new, immense, and unsettled empire could not
fail to open the complete exertion of that universal
and pervading genius which qualified him not-less
for the senate than for the field."
These qualities entitle him to a place in the
Capitol, although his fame rests chiefly upon
his career as a soldier. A narration of this
career would be a history of the war for inde-
pendence. That is aside from our purpose
now, which is simply to introduce and present
his statue. It was the first duty of the artist
to know all this; to have studied the whole life
of his subject; to have become familiar with
his form and presence; to have become ac-
quainted with his thoughts and impulses, and to
know their expression in his lineaments and
bearing; and to have selected that moment
when he may have been supposed to have been
transfigured by the thoughts, the purposes, the
inspiration of his life, and to transfer his whole
nature an d character as well as form and feature
to the enduring marble.
There were many and grave occasions in his
career in which his person and his conduct
were conspicuous, and when his features must
have borne the strongest impressions of his
character. And it seems to me as I look upon
the masterly work of the sculptor in the place
where it now stands, when the slanting rays
of light bring out in bold relief the vigor and
the spirit of the attitude, the high purpose and
fixed resolve shown in the features, the strong
and deep lines of thought in the brow, and
leave in dark shadow the sad, sweet, and even
tender expression of the emotions which welled
up from the great heart of the hero, that the
artist has given him to us at the crowning
moment of his great and earnest life.
He is not reproduced to us as when, high in
hope, he led to the army of observation around
Boston the regiments of Rhode Island, which
were styled in the reports from Washington's
headquarters " the best disciplined and ap-
pointed in the whole American Army;" nor as
when he led the corps which, though second in
place, was the first in position at Trenton ; nor
as he covered the slow retreat at the Brandy-
wine ; nor as at Germantown, after having
gained all that was expected of the wing of the
army which he commanded, he looked around
as the fog lifted and found the rest of the army
broken and dispersed; noryet, as at Monmouth,
when his sure judgment caused the movement,
not authorized by his orders, which restored
the doubtful field and regained all that Lee's
disobedience had lost; nor as at Springfield,
when for the first time in separate command,
he had the pleasure and the pride of seeing the
enemy retreat from his well-chosen positions ;
nor as when with bowed head and tearful eye he
signed the report of the court-martial which
decreed the doom of Andre; nor with the severe
front with which he met the British envoy and
general who came to remonstrate against that
doom; nor yet with the look ofindignation with
which he took command at West Point upon the
flight of Arnold the traitor; nor as when he re-
monstrated with the French admiral for his con-
templated desertion of the movement for the cap-
ture of Rhode Island ; nor as when he received
thatletterfromWashington, tender and touch-
ing, notwithstandingits formal and official char-
acter, in which he is informed that he has been
designated by his commander-in-chief as the
commander of the southern army ; nor as after
his masterly maneuvers in presence of Lord
Corn wallis and his armyhe saw victory slipping
from his grasp at Guilford; nor as when he foun d
on the day after that battle that the substantial
results of victory were his; but rather as when he
had halted from (he pursuitofthe army of Corn-
wallis, and resting upon the banks of Deep river,
he looked over the whole field of the continental
warfare, and earae to that grand resolve which,
after incessant fighting, restored the Carolinas
and Georgia to the Union ; when, with his back
to the lost field and yet victorious campaign of
Guilford, he left Corn wallis to receive his fate
from other hands, and looked along the fair land
which lay between the mountains and the sea,
then overrun by the enemy, and vowed that it
should be restored to his country or that he
himself should perish.
We see him as the whole scope of that great
determination is becoming clear to his mind;
as he stood before he announced that determ-
ination to Washington in one of the simplest
and grandest letters in any language. He do es
not disguise nor is he appalled by the high
nature of his resolve or the dangers involved
in its execution. If he had met his death this
letter would have been sufficient for his fame.
The undaunted spirit there expressed, the alac-
rity with which he draws his sword in what he
knows and admits to be an unequal contest,
and with which he enters upon " a maneuver
which will be critical and dangerous, and in
which the troops will be exposed to every hard-
ship," and the resolute yet sad and thoughtful
air with which such a movement must be com-
menced—all these were comprehended by the
artist and are seen and almost live and breathe
in the statue. The clear vision of all the
desperate fights of these campaigns, the long,
weary marches, the toils, the hardships, the dis-
couragements, the reverses and the triumphs,
seem to be prefigured in that expression and
attitude.
Of this movement Hamilton has said:
" This was one of those strokes that denoted supe-
rior genius and constitute the sublime of war. 'Twaa
Scipio leaving Hannibal in Italy to overcome him at
Carthago!"
When this eulogium was spoken the com-
parison was, perhaps, tho most striking to be
found in history. But in our times we can see
in it a likeness to a movement more brilliant
than that of Scipio. We view it as the pre-
cui-sor of that grand " march to the sea " upon
which rests the fame of one of the first of living
generals.
But General Greene cannot be said to have
been a favorite of fortune. His successes
were wrested from her, not yielded. He
should have won the Guilford battle; but while
compelled to i-elitiquish the field by the con-
duct of some of his inexperienced troops,
the next morning found him preparing his
army for a fresh encounter, ana the nominal
victor preparing his for a retreat. He gave
battle to Lord Rawdon at Hobkirk's hill and
seemingly lost, but gained the results of a vic-
tory in the enemy's evacuation of Camden. He
besieged and assaulted the fort at Ninety-Six
and was repulsed, but gained all that he con-
tended for, except prisoners, in its immediate
evacuation. He did not entirely succeed at
Eutaw, but in that drawn battle the power of
Great Britain in the Carolinas and Georgia
was broken, and the British armies were soon
compelled to yield those States the prize of
victory, to the American forces and their reso-
lute leader.
His military successes have sometimes been
disparaged on account of the small numbers of
his troops; but his operations were on a larger
area than had ever before been the field of civ-
ilized warfare. His military district embraced
all the territory south of Pennsylvania. The
regular force under his command could hardly
be called more than the nucleus of an army,
which was sometimes swelled into respectable
numbers but not reenforeed by bands of militia
who came and went almost as they pleased. He
had opposed to him the best generals and the
best appointed armies of Great Britain. The
enemy had complete command of the ports, the
shores, and the sea; he had compelled the sur-
render of two armies and of all fortified places ;
yet from the time Greene took the command
of the remnants of the southern army the foot
of the invader never rested upon the soil of the
Carolinas outside of his fortifications, and even
these he was at last compelled to evacuate.
The character and qualities of mind that
brought about these great results with such
