1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
933
slender means have received expression from
the consummate skill of the artist. We see
that greatness of soul which won the admira-
tion and affection of the people to whom ho
came both as conqueror and deliverer, and
from whom he was" compelled to subsist his
armies while restoring them to their liberties
and their rights; that resolution which sur-
mounted all obstacles; that courage which was
equal both to the leading of a charge and to the
declining of a challenge; that buoyancy of
spirit and confidence in resources which no dis-
appointment could cast down, which no disas-
ter could daunt, no reverse dispirit, and no
defeat entirely destroys; that "noble frank-
ness " which disarmed personal hostility, and
made envy and jealousy ashamed; that un-
conquerable energy which never flagged or
grew weary, and that hopefulness which be-
lieved in nothing but success and which was
one of the greatest means of attaining it. Type
of that brave race among whichhe grew up and
whose representative men have gained rewards
and honors not in war alone, we present him
to you as one eminently fit to be placed in the
company of those great men whose lives and
deeds are the pride and the glory of the Ameri-
can people.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Mr. Speaker, I can-
not hope nor do I attempt to use the utter-
ances the gentleman preceding me has been
inspired with as he marshaled our memories
to pay their homage to one so noble, so worthy
a nation's acclaim. I come with the tribute
of a State which owes so much to the patri-
otism of New England's son, the valor of his
arm, the unswerving integrity of his soul, the
irresistible strength of his purpose, his devo-
tion to his country. South Carolina bows in
reverence to the name of Nathanael Greene.
As we turn to the epochs of the past, its
scenes, its hours of historic moment, and stand
among the giants that hewed the way for our
national progress, that stirred the hearts of
stern and sturdy colonists, that moved to deeds
all pregnant with renown the pioneers of a
continental growth, and behold the march of
the gathering heroes who with invincible emo-
tions and sacrificial vows nerved the popular
will and arm in defense of our sacred altars,
our natal fires—as we stand amid the forms
of Washington, Pntnam, Stark, Trumbull, and
their fearless compatriots, none is more con-
spicuous than he whose services contributed
so largely to the establishment of American in-
dependence, Major General Nathanael Greene,
whose statue Rhode Island, in response to the
nation's invitation, has placed in the old Hall
of the House of Representatives, where clus-
tered associations of national greatness linger.
I have looked with admiration upon the
chiseled form of the grand old hero—the sculp-
tured marble that inspires us with the spirit of
our revolutionary fathers. Born at a time
when we were approaching^ a climax in our
stirring history ; educated in the school of
strictest integrity ; making the Bible his earli-
est guide and text-book; nerving his armband
strengthening his musclcs at tne blaciisinith s
forge; storing his mind while the iron was heat-
ing with the sublime demonstrations of science;
buoyant in spirits, firm in resolve, uncompro-
mising in principle ; with a vigorous constitu-
tion ; methodical and studious ; never neglect-
ing the manual or mental task: oold and
original in his conceptions ; deliberate and
cool; never shrinking from hardships or sacri-
fices ; always patient, but prompt—such was
the young athlete who was to play so important
a part in the coming councils and struggles
which were to decide the nation s destiny.
The stamp act, oppressive burdens, and royal
exactions caused murmurings bitter ana venge-
ful. Young Greene, now in the General As-
sembly, by firm and zealous acts, bv bold ana
unequivocal expressions, became the object ot
suspicion to the hirelings of the Crown, ihc
Gaspee had beon burned in Providence river;
the kine'scntter seised at Newport; tno JJutis-.i
troops were landing at Boston ; the colonists
were to be subjected to the tyranny of King
George or wrest themselves from the iron
thralldom of his power; the sound of hostile
preparations was heard. Rhode Island's sons
waited not to be told of the coming contests.
Military ardor and enthusiasm prevailed ; mili-
tia organizations were formed, reviews held,
martial spirit pervaded the masses; and the
hitherto sober, peaceful Quaker blacksmith
was found chief among the active patriots,
firmly declaring "his intentions to persevere
in the part he had assumed, in the cause he had
embraced." The Kentish Guards, with whom
lie was enrolled, were in arms " and eager for
the fray."
The alarm that the yeomanry of New Eng-
land had been attacked on Lexington green
roused the colonists, and the General Assem-
bly of Rhode Island raised an army of sixteen
hundred men, and by unanimous consent
placed at their head the stern, unflinching
patriot, Nathanael Greene, with the rank of
major general.
From May, 1775, we may date his historic
career. We can only follow him through the
rapidly transpiring events—the assembling of
the continental forccs at Cambridge ; the for-
tifying around Boston; the battle of Long
Island, the reverses of which were attributable
to his sickness and absence; the battles of
Trenton and Princeton; Valley Forge; the
intrigues and conspiracies against the Com-
mander-in-Chief; against himself; his trans-
fer to the quartermaster's department when
provisions were almost unprocurable, trans-
portation of supplies badly wanting, intrench-
ing tools strewed along the line of march,
suffering untold, intense, among men and ani-
mals, the public credit ebbing, large arrears
due, heavier expenditures to come, a new
campaign approaching, an enemy (lushed with
hope to encounter; yet for all this, trying as
were the circumstances that surrounded the
patriot chiefs and braves, he never faltered,
but stood at the side of the peerless Washing-
ton encouraging and infusing all with hope—
trusted aud counseled.
He was among the earliest advocates of ab-
solute independence ; grasping the great idea
of an indissoluble Union that could alone grow
out of the Revolution upon which the colonists
had entered. Everything hostile to^ such a
co mpact he regarded as perilous to the interests
of his country. No narrow boundary or geo-
graphical limit invaded his conceptions. " For
my part," said he, " I am as ready to serve in
Virginia as New England."
The thirteen Colonies he saw already bound
together in solemn unity; and in a letter as
early as June 4, 177C, he wrote to an eminent
member of Congress saying:
"Permit we to recommend from the sincerity of
mv heart, at all times ready to bleed in my country a
cause, a declaration of independence, and call upon
the world and the si-eat <iod who governs it to wit-
ness the necessity, propriety, and rectitude thereof.
For untiring exertion, promptitude in duty,
devotion to the cause of liberty, breadth of
capacity to perform the herculean tasks im-
posed upon him, unflinching loyalty to his
countryj lie v/as the ecjual of all 5 yet vuidic-
tive cabals soughts his overthrow, and Congress
listened to the appeals of conspirators w.io
would have paralyzed the arm of a hero to
secure the restoration of an imbecile.
By such treatment he was goaded to a reso-
lution to resign after the close of the campaign
then entered upon ; but he was induced by the
persuasive influence of his unalterableinenu,
Washington, to change his determination and
accept the command of the army ol the South,
which was in his hands to be reorganized,
resouled, to enter uporl the theater of grand
events against an enemy arrogant with victory,
famous for its discipline and energy, till now
irresistible. ,
Our forces with their allies had been routed.
Charleston had surrendered. Clinton with his
triumphs had lured the disaffected to the stand-
ards of St. George, and the few scattering par-
tisans, true stillto.the hallowed eausepfliberty,
were palsied and hopeless. Lincoln was a
prisoner; Gates defeated at Camden; tho cos-
mopolitan De Kalb slain; discomfiture like a
cloud restingupon southern hearts, tomes, and
hopes.
Washington, who believed " true friendship
was a plant of slow growth, which must under-
go and withstand the shocks of adversity before
it can be entitled to the appellation," gave his
friendship and confidence to Greene without
restriction or reserve. With such credentials
he started for his command with Steuben, the
great disciplinarian of the American army, and
his aid Duponceau, and Burnet and Morris,
his own aids, leaving behind in Maryland and
Delaware General Gist, who was to solicit and
forward supplies, with instructions :
"Let your applications bo as pressing as our n oees-
sities are urgent; after which, if the southern States
aro lost, wo shall bo justified."
With a sentiment like this he met his army
at Charlotte, North Carolina, consisting of
nine hundred and seventy; continentals and
ten hundred and thirteen militia; in the mag-
azines no clothing; arms, or ammunition; "two
brass and several iron field-pieces;'' eight hun-
dred only of the soldiers properly clad or ready
for service ; all dependent upon forced collec-
tions of food from a surrounding country plun-
dered and devastated by foreign troops and
equally desolating Whigs and Tories.
With such discouragements he rose equal to
the occasion. Around him were tried veteran
officers: "Morgan, with the renown of bold
achievements at Quebec and Saratoga; Lee,
with his gallant legion ; the chivalrous How-
ard ; cool, courageous Williams ; the system-
atic Carrington; the partisan Davie; the gal-
lant Kosciusko; Pendleton, Burnet, Morris,
and Poarce, with the brilliant, dashing, daring
Mariou and Sumter.
With such a retinue of heroism ho began the
campaigns memorable for their deprivations,
retreats, advancings, and final triumphs over
the enemy in the Carolinas. " New lords and
new laws prevailed." Historic names sprang
into existence as his faithful army marched
" to the city by the sea."
Through tho Carolinas the popular acclaim
followed the guardians of American liberty.
Eutaw Springs, Guilford Court-House, Cam-
den, Hobkirk's Hill, Ninety-Six, are blazoned
on the banners of tho conquering legions whoso
prowess a Greene has made the theme of song
and story.
The General Assembly of South Caroliua once
again met at the village of Jacksonborough,
011 the western bank of tho Edisto. Governor
Rutledge, who followed closcly the fortunes
of Greene and his army, adding efficiency and
force to his achievements, now congratulating
the members of the Assembly upon the close
of the direful conflict, assured them of their
; indebtedness to the "great and gallant Greene,
by whose wisdom, prudence, address, and
bravery their deliverance had been effected, '
aud reminded them of his claims to honorable
and singular marks of their gratitude. livery
heart responded to tho appeal and acknowl-
edged in fullest terms the justice of his claim.
With my voice to-day 1 reecho tho adulations
of the past, aud here again pronounce the faith-
ful acknowledgments of Carolina's sons to tho
hero of Rhode Island, who not only, conceived
an independence of the original thirteen Col-
onies, but dared to cut with his trusty sword
through every obstacle, that interposed, until
the conception ripened into the birth of a glo-
rious declaration of a free and independent
people, whose principles are the levers ot human
advancement, the oracles of universal brother-
hood; whose flag is the emblem of liberty, equal-
ity, fraternity; whoso national domain is broad
enough to shelter tho yearning millions that are
straggling to be free.
We welcome the marble warrior to our clas-
sic Halls, Though we cannot point to tho spot-
