924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
where his sacred ashes slumber; though his
grave is known only to Him whose voice can
wake the dead, we gather round the silent
statue, recount his deeds, glory in his achieve-
ments—South Carolina and Rhode Island, the
whole Republic, grateful for his memories,
mindful of his virtues, boasting his illustrious
name.
Let us crowd the Chamber with the sentinel
spirits of the times which tried men's souls ;
and as we partake in security of the fruit of
their valor, their sacrifice, remember the price
of liberty which they have paid.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker,
I shall not be able to say anything that has not
already been better said by the gentlemen who
have preceded me; nor do I rise for the pur-
pose of attempting to add one word to the elo-
quent and comprehensive eulogies which have
been pronounced upon the distinguished dead
but I am induced to submit the few remarks
which I now offer because the State of North
Carolina, which I have the honor to represent
in part upon this floor, always sensitive to her
obligations, is unwilling to allow the present
occasion, so propitious, to pass without an
acknowledgment of the debt of gratitude which
she owes to the gallant State of Rhode Island;
and she joins her voice to that of Rhode Island
and South Carolina in tribute of affection and
veneration to the memory of Nathanael Greene.
She cannot forget to-day, nor would she for-
get when Rhode Island's distinguished son
[Mr. Jexckes] so justly claims for his State
the glory and the heroic services of the departed
chieftain, that upon licr soil among the most
brilliant and enduring of his eminent services
were performed. She cannot forget that in
the hour of her great calamity, in those dark
days ''which tried the souls of men," when
reverses and ill fortunes had thrown a pall
black as midnight about her horizon; when
her soil was soon to be invaded by a victorious
army of her oppressors; when rain, utter and
irretrievable ruin and subjugation hung out in
dismal .prospective before her; when men's
courage began to fail and their hearts to sink
within them ; when hope itself had burnt to its
socket and failed to animate or to cheer; when
everything seemed lost and gone forever;
when the spirit of resolution shrank back ap-
palled at the overpowering force of the invader;
when the patriots of North Carolina had begun
to fear that the immortal Declaration which
they had flung defiantly into i lie teeth of their
British tyrants that they " were and would be
a free and independent people '' was about to
prove an idle boast; then it was, in the hour
of her emergency, that Nathanael Greene, the
hero of so many northern victories, llie patriot
general who declared that ho " was as ready to
serve in the Carolinas as in New England,"
came to her rescue, and with him brought
assurance and hope and safety.
Sir, she cannot forget that on December 2,
1780, he arrived at Charlotte aud restored
confidence to an army dispirited and discour-
aged by the disastrous defeat at Camden; and
that by his skill, genius, and strategy troops
undisciplined, harassed by defeats, and un-
prepared for war were organized and mus-
tered and made " foemen worthy of British
steel." She cannot forget that the first signal
check given to the triumphal march of the
victorious Cornwallis was at Guilford Court-
House on March 15, 1781. She does not for-
get that he was with her people and among
them until the last enemy had left her borders.
Fresh as yesterday's events are these occur-
rences. Deep, very deep, is his memory
written upon our hearts. By the side of her
own patriotic dead North Carolina places the
name of Nathanael Greene. Already she has
embalmed it upon her records by bestowing
it upon one of the rich and fertile counties of
the east and the beautiful city of the very
region where his gallantry and patriotism weie
so signally displayed.
But it needed not these to keep him in
remembrance, for throughout the Old North
State, from mountains to sea, his name is a
1' household word " familiar and dear to every
ear; and wherever you find a true son of North
Carolina, at home or abroad, proud as he may
be and justly is of his own State and her patriots
and heroes, you can touch a tender chord within
his breast and his soul will thrill with enthusi-
asm at the mention of the name of Nathanael
Greene, the saviour of North Carolina.
And his life and history are familiar to the
sons of Carolina. Old men and venerable, who
had served under Gates at Camden, and who
met Greene at Charlotte, and who followed him
in his unequaled march through North and
South Carolina; who were with him at Guil-
ford and Eutaw Springs; who saw day after day
his indomitable energy, his strength of will, his
self-sacrificing devotion, his great endurance,
his determination to conquer or to die, and,
above all, his power on the battle-field—have
told it to their prattling babes, as seated ujjon
the paternal knee they have heard the thrill-
ing story of our country's first great struggle ;
and they in turn have transmitted to us the
charge of our fathers, to keep fresh the fame
of the general who, sent by Washington, had
come South and met the gallant Cornwallis,
flushed with success and sure of easy victory,
and put him to rout and drove the last enemy
from North Carolina.
And, sir, when North Carolina shall forget
the worth of patriotism ; when she shall forget
the honor due to heroism and virtue; when
she shall forget the immortal men who inaugu-
rated the great movement for independence at
Mecklenburg Court-House, May 20, 1775, and
first proclaimed the eternal truth that "all
men are free and equal; " when she shall for-
get Guilford Court-House and Charlotte ; when
she shall forget the stirring events of 1780 and
1781 ; when she shall forget her own origin aud
the foundation of her present happiness, then,
and not until then, will she fail to hold in
hallowed recollection the name of Nathanael
Greene.
Mr. Speaker, tiie magnificent campaign of
General Greene against Cornwallis in the Caro-
linas has already been justly and eloquently
described. It would be useless repetition for
me to go over it. Deservedly high will it
stand, if not unequaled, in the history of mili-
tary genius and strategy. With everything to
discourage and nothing to give hope—a country
dispirited and disheartened, an army disor-
ganized and unfit for service ; half-fed, half-
clad, and half-paid, as well as half-armed—all
these united to discourage a man with less res-
olution than he had, but he was equal to the
emergency. He nobly justified the confidence
which Washington had exhibited in sending
him to the command of the army of the South
after the defeat of General Gates. By marches
and countermarches, feints and surprises, skill
and strategy, he outgeneraled his British antag-
onist at every point, and electrified a country
hanging in doubt and suspense by the brilliancy
of his movements, driving Cornwallis from the
country discomfited and his army demoralized.
But the tongue of eloquence has already pro-
claimed these achievements.
Permit me to say a word concerning his char-
acter. His life, so full of stirring incident and
extraordinary emergencies, without a single in-
consistency or mean action, presents a striking,
beautiful, and harmonious whole, symmetrical
as the noble statue in yonder Hall, and pure
and spotless as the marble of which it is made.
Rare, indeed, are the instances in which a
combination of so many excellent qualities of
head and heart can be found in a single indi-
vidual. He had all the virtues, and if malig-
nity ever detected it has never exposed a vice.
He had greatness without vanity. He had mil-
itary distinction and fame withoutbeinghaughty
or arrogant. He had nobleness of mind without
bitterness of soul. He had powerful strength
of will and determination of purpose without
being dictatorial or exacting. He had learn-
ing without pedantry. He had patriotism with-
out selfishness. He had, in fine, all the moral,
social, and intellectual virtues which we admire
most in a soldier, which we revere most in a
statesman, and which we love most in a man.
Brave and daring without being reckless, a
master of military skill and science, he was a
model general. Devoted to the cause ol lib-
erty, sacrificinghome, quiet, and even etiquette,
in the service of his country, he was a model
patriot. Honest, sincere, and truthful, know-
ing and loving the truth—he was a model man.
In each character he was preeminent, and
a parallel to his life is oftener found upon the
painted pages of the novelist than in the real-
ities of every day. Extraordinary, _ indeed,
must he have been of whom the impartial judge
of men and things, Alexander Hamilton, could
say, "that high as this great man stood in the
estimation of his country the whole extent of
his worth was never known." No doubt, sir,
if he had been spared longer to his country
his services in her councils would have equaled
the renown which he gained in her battles ;
but he was snatched away by relentless death
in the full vigor of manhood and strength;
and while we do not know the " whole extent
of his worth," we know enough of him to per-
petuate his memory ; we know enough of him
to teach our children to emulate his virtues and
patriotism ; we know enough of him to claim
him as oneofthe household gods of the nation.
After the close of the great sfruggle which
resulted in our liberties he settled in the sunny
South, which he had redeemed, and dying,
was buried there to hallow the soil which he had
saved. And, sir, wc have been told by the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Whitti:-
more,] and reproachfully be it said, that the
spot where he is buried is unknown. No im-
posing shaft stands out in bold relief to catch
the patriot pilgrim's eye and invite him to
pause awhile and drop a tear over the ashes
of a nation's hero ; no splendid tablet, rich in
design and elaborate in finish, spreads itself
out to commemorate the heroism and fame of
departed greatness. Too true is it that not
even a rude head-board marks the spot where
General Greene rests.
But, sir, I cannot and will not believe that
the dust of his body has ever been desecrated.
I cannot believe that the foot of the plowman
has pressed heavily upon his grave, or that the
busy hand of the architect and mechanic ha,ve
reared above it soma magnificent structure
dedicated to commerce or luxury. Nature
itself would not permit the outrage. Mother
earth would resent the insult to one of her
noblest sous, and palsied would be the hand
and paralyzed the foot that, would disturb his
ashes.
The locality of his burying-place may be
unknown, but methinks that in some lovely
quiet spot by the bank of a rippling rivulet,
where the wild flowers of the South exhale
their sweetest perfume, and shaded by some
tall and graceful elm tree symbolic of the great
man's life aud character, he sleeps; and the
merry little warblers of nature, catching inspir-
ation from the scenery, perch themselves upon
the boughs of the shade and mournfully chir-
rup his dirge, or anon breaking forth into
full-throated melody, richerthan cathedral ever
dispensed, swell tho chorus of his.praises and
fill the air with the music of his renown. Ami
the Georgia yeoman, "as ho homeward plods
his weary way," approaching the spot, turns
asideto spare the little lily that raises its modest
head as a foot-board to the grave—
" IIo"vv sleep the brave who sink to rest
By all their country's wi:ho.-' bleu!
When Spring, with dewy fingers cold.
Returns to deck their hallowed mold,
She there shall dress a tweeter tod
Than Fancy's feet have ever trod.
'' By fairy hands their knoll is rung;
By forms unseen their dirgo is sung :
There Honor oomes, a pilgrim gray.
To bless tho turf that wraps their clay;
And Freedom shall awhile repair
/\nd dwell a wceninp hermit there."
