187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
925
"Dust to dust," "ashes to ashes," Mr.
Speaker, is the sequel to common humanity;
but some men "when they die, die alltheir
<' moldering clay is but an emblem of their
memories." Not so Nathanael Greene. He
can never die. He will never be forgotten. He
has "left a mark behind;" and shall pluck the
" Shinins asre from vulgar time,
And give it whole to late posterity."
Ajid, sir, a hundred years hence, when I shall
be forgotten, Mr. Speaker, and you only remem-
bered by the distinguished services which you
have rendered your country; when this room
shall have become too small to accommodate
the thousand Representatives of one hundred
and fifty million people, who shall inhabit a
Republic bounded by the poles and watered by
four great oceans, and our Hall shall be con-
verted into the " marble room" of the Capitol,
filled with tlrastatues of heroes and scholars,
and statesmen, not the least admired of them
all, not the least noticed and studied and
loved, among the many great will be the
beautiful statue of General Greene which we
to-day receive from the State of Rhode Island.
Mr. SLOCUM. The exciting scenes through
which our country has passed during the last
ten years has undoubtedly had the effect, to
some extent at least, of withdrawing the pub-
lic mind from the events in which General
Greene performed so active and so honorable
a part. But though to many the history of his
military career may liavo been rendered some-
what less interesting by the more sanguinary
struggles of our own day, yet there are thou-
sands in our midst who now read the record
of his military services, particularly of his
campaign in the Carolinas, with an interest
never before experienced and an appreciation
never before felt for that ardent patriotism and
heroic courage which enabled him with an
inferior and ill-appointed army to drive the
British troops from those States. There are
thousands in our country who have marched
over the same fields, crossed the same rivers,
and aided in winning victories in behalf of the
same principles which actuated GTeene and
his command. These men can bear witness to
the obstacles ho was compelled to meet and
overcome and to the deep devotion to his
country by which he must have been inspired.
The esteem placed by the country upon the
services of General Greene was shown not only
in words of Washington, but by the action of
Congress, which after the Revolution voted to
present to him two captured bronze guns,
■which, with a suitable inscription, were after-
ward placed in the little chapel at West Point,
and which remain there, if I am not mistaken,
to this day.
But, sir, even the soldiers who recently cam-
paigned over the fields 011 which_ General
Greene won his brightest laurels will_ fail_ to
appreciate his services unless they bear in mind
the embarrassments under which he labored.
His little army was poorly clothed, seldom
paid, and entirely destitute of many of the ap-
pointments now deemed necessary to an army
in the field, and which, by the great increase
in the wealth of our people and by the advance-
ment in military science, were liberally sup-
plied to all our armies during the late war.
It will be difficult to find two chapters in
the history of our country which furnish such
striking evidence of our advancement in pop-
ulation, wealth, and military power as those
which tell the stories of Greene's and Sher-
man's campaigns through the Carolinas. 1 he
one, in the language of Mr. Lincoln
" StrusslinK to bring forth upon tliis c-op-tineni a
new nation, conceived in hoerty ana dedicated to
the proposition that alt men are created equal, inc
other UvtuiK whether that nation or any other na-
tion s-o eone.oved and so dedicated can long endure.
The former fighting in behalf of thirteen
sparsely-settled colonies, destitute of wealth
and of nearly all the appliances necessary to
military power. His litile army having 110 pon-
ton trains was often compelled to make long
detours from its_ direct line of march; aud the
telegraph and railroadbeing then unknown, his
operations were often involved for days and
even weeks in as much doubt and uncertainty
at the headquarters of the General-in-Chief as
were the movements of General Sherman while
in the heart of the enemy's country.
In our late war, although we were a divided
people, each side placed in the field armies
single divisions of which outnumbered the
entire army commanded by General Greene;
and such was the wealth and patriotism of our
people that no armies were ever better sup-
plied with all the appliances tending to add to
the efficiency and comfort of the troops.
It is fining that the statue of one who took
so prominent a, part in our first struggle should
have a place in the Capitol of his country.
While it serves to keep fresh and green the
memory of his great services it will also recall
to mind the days when a New England general
was welcomed by the people of the Carolinas
as a deliverer from oppression.
May the recollection of that day and of the
terrible scenes through which we have since
passed serve to remind us and our children's
children of the fearful harvest a nation situ-
ated as is ours is likely to reap from the seeds
of sectional jealousy and strife which have too
often been sown within these Halls.
Mr. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank j
the people of Rhode Island for the gift which i
they have-so appropriately and generously pre-
sented to the country. The value of that gift, j
sir, cannot be estimated by figures or repre- j
sented by words. The cost of the marble, the
incomparable skill of the artist in the execu- 1
tiou of the work, are no slight indication oven
of its inestimable value. It is a monument to
those sterling qualities of mind and heart which
elevate men to a forgetfulness of self and ren-
der them only mindful of the well-being of.
their fellow-men. It is a monument to that
devotion to principle and that faith in the ulti-
mate triumph of the right which impel men to
abandon the quiet of home, the delightful com-
panionship of wife and childreu, the pleasant
paths of peace, and sustain them amid priva-
tions, dangers, and disasters.
The statue of General Nathanael Greene,
standing as it does to-day in the most conspicu-
ous place on the American continent, will be
to the youth of this Republic a perpetual re-
minder of what one resolved heart can do in
the furtherance of a righteous cause. The hon-
est, manly soul, staggering under difficulties,
overwhelmed it may be with adversity, will
turn from the contemplation of this beautiful
effigy with new inspiration and renewed cour-
age. He will be reminded that the man to
whose honor it has been raised was poor, was
cruelly maligned, was surrounded by diffi-
culties, was encompassed by dangers, was over-
whelmed time and again with defeat, and yet,
thank God, was never conquered! His fervent
zeal, his indomitable energy, his unswerving
patriotism, his broad, comprehensive common
sense and magnificent heroibin, sustained and
carried him triumphantly through all, and thus
won for him not only the gratitude of his own
countrymen, but the admiration of the world.
By raising statues we cannot hope to benefit
the dead, but we may hope thus to elevate
the living; and that beautiful marble, which
presents to us the face and form of a hero, by
teaching the youth of our land the honor due
to freedom's champions, by inculcating re- ;j
spect for the homely, manly virtues of self-
denial, firmness, patriotism, perseverance, and
fortitude, may through succeeding generations
raise up many sturdy patriots to defend the
Republic and save it from dishonor. When
falsehood, selfishness, and every variety of
meanness, bedecked with golden trappings,
stalk abroad unrebuked, teaching the sorry
lesson that honor is nothing and wealth is
everything, it is well for a State to hew out of
solid marble the true standard of manliness
and set it up as an enduring rebuke to this
sordid spirit, and an encouragement to those
who would rise above it to a plane of truer
manhood and nobler usefulness.
As we look upon this statue our thoughts
revert to the commencement of our history as
a nation, when the fate of a great enterprise,
involving the fortunes of untold millions, was
still enveloped in darkness. God only foresaw
the end. Nathanael Greene had faith, and
buoyed by that knightly sentiment which
affirms that in a just cause successor failure
is alike glorious, he pushed forward with a
courage that grew on defeat, a perseverance
that increased with disaster, a determination
that would succeed or " die in the attempt."
What he labored and suffered to attain wc are
so fortunate as to live to enjoy, and our hearts,
I hope, and the hearts of all good men I feel
assured, go back to him and his compatriot?,
rejoicing over that courage and wisdom and
rugged self-denial which secured to a great
people such manifold, benefits, and to a nation
so grand a destiny.
" Praise to the valiant dead 1 ifor them doth-art
lOxhaust her skill their triumphs bodying forth ;
Theirs are enshrined names, and every heart
Shall bear the blazoned impress of their worth.
Bright on the dreams of youth their fame shall rise,
Their 11 elds of flglit shall epic song record ;
And when tho voiee of battle ronds tho skies,
Their name shall be their country's rallying word."
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid 011 tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. BUFFINTON,
the House (at four o' clock and fifty-five minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC,
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of James H.
Tinsley, late adjutant of the forty-ninth regi-
ment Kentucky volunteer infantry, for back
pay, &c.
Also, the petition and papers of Mrs. Mar-
garet Johnson, widow of Captain David John-
son, for a pension.
Also, a petition of citizens of Clay county,
Kentucky, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Rockcastle
county, Kentucky, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Whitley
county, Kentucky, for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Wolfe county,
Kentucky, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. AMBLER: Petitions, numerously
signed, from citizens of Marlborough, Magno-
lia,Cairo, Now Baltimore,Osnaburgh, and Pike
townships, all in Stark county, Ohio; from
citizens of Winona, New Alexander, Salinc-
villc, Wellsville, Milljiort, and Madison town-
ships, all in Columbiana county, Ohio ; and
from citizens of New Hagerstown, Carroll
county, and Knoxvillc, Jefferson county, Ohio,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. AMES: Petitions of citizens of
South Braintree, Seekonk, South Weymouth,
East Randolph, Somerset, Bridgewater, Alding-
ton, West Mansfield, East Sharon, Hingham,
and West Bridgewater, Massachusetts, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. ARMSTQNG: A petition of the Ly-
coming County, Pennsylvania, Medical So-
ciety, asking tho enactment of a law which will
accord to the medical officers of the Navy cer-
tain rank and privileges.
Also, a petition of citizens of Buffalo Run,
Centre county, Pennsylvania, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
