928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
L. Lay and William W. W. Wood, citizens of the
United States, praying compensation for the
invention of the torpedo and torpedo apparatus
used by the Government of the United States
to destroy the rebel ram Albemarle.
Also, petitions of "William M. Dart and 1C3
others, citizens of Glenham ; of Hon. D. 0.
Ward and 72 others, of Pleasant Valley; of
Peter B. Powers and 18 others, of Sharon Sta-
tion ; of Simeon M. Collier and 58 others, of
Aucram Lead Mines; of Smith Upton and 33
others, of La Grange ; of A. Brandt and 49
others, of Aucram ; and of S. Lockwood and
23 others, of Martindale Depot, New York, for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of John Den-
nison and others, soldiers of the war of 1S12.
Also, the petition of J. W. Dyer and Charles
Staples, jr., for increase of compensation of
inspectors of steamboats.
By Mr. MAYNA11D: The petition of Mrs.
Susan Matthews, of Knox connty, Tennessee,
praying relief for a house burned by authority
of the United States.
By Mr. MeNEELY: The petition of Wil-
liam C. Smoot and others, citizens of Menard
county, Illinois, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
Also, the petitions of Maro Farwell, Edward
T. Morgan, and others, citizens of Schuyler
county, Illinois, asking for the abolition of the
franking privilege.
By Mr. MERCUR: A petition of 41 citizens
ofPiarceville, Wyoming county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a petition of 39 citizens of West Bur-
lington, Bradford county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 24 citizens of Greenwood,
Columbia county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 117 citizens of East Smith-
field, Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 14 citizens of Rupert,
Columbia county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 47 citizens of Center
Moreland, Wyoming county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, a petition of 30 citizens of Windham
Summit, Bradford county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 47 citizens ol' West Frank-
lin, Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 33 citizcns of Bella Sylva,
Wyoming county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 89 citizens of Centralia,
Columbia county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 20 citizens of Minne-
qua, Bradford county, Pennsylyania, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 95 citizens of Monroe,
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 30 citizens of Granville,
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 2G citizens of South
Branch, Bradford county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of 85 citizens of Rohrs-
burg, Columbia county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: The peti-
tion of Joseph C. Weatherby and others, of
Clarksboro, New Jersey; of 87 citizens of
Malaga, New Jersey; of E. C. Heritage and
others, of Five Points, New Jersey; and of
Andrew Horner and others, of Koadstown,
New Jersey, for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. MOORE, of Ohio: The memorial
of John Garrett and 33 others, of Sand Hol-
low, Morgan county, Ohio, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, of S. D. Riggs and 07 others, citizens
of Wade, Washington county, Ohio, for the
same.
Also, of S. M. Stone and 53 others, citizens
of Belpre, Washington county, Ohio, for the
same.
Also, of W. A. Moore and 05 others, citi-
zens of Rugniersville, Washington county,
Ohio, for the same.
Also, of W. F. Pilcher and 44 others, citi-
zens of Coolville, Athens county, Ohio, for the
same.
Also, of A. Palmer and 49 others, citizens
of Lee, Athens county, Ohio, for the same.
Also, of A. Clink and 44 others, citizens of
Malta, Morgan county, for the same.
Also, of W. S. Williams and 23 others, citi-
zens of Pratt's Fork, Athens county, Ohio, for
the same.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of Wil-
liam Wagner and 4G others, citizens of Mariah
Hill, Spencer couitty, Indiana, praying for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. PACKARD : A petition of 110 citi-
zens of Porter and Lake counties, Indiana, for
the survey and sale of certain public lands in
the said counties.
By Mr. POLAND: Petitions of J. Q. Hoyt
and others, of Barnet, Vermont; H. II. Spaf-
ford and others, of Perlcinsville, Vermont;
Charles A. Harris and others, East Burke,
Vermont; William N. Wilbur and others, Sax-
ton's River, Vermont; E. M.Wilson and others,
West Dunnonston, Vermont, for the abolitiou
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. POMEROY: The petition of Wil-
liam M. King and others, of Mason City, Iowa,
for the, abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Ferdinand Tunklo, of
Pilot Mound, Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. W. Dobbin and
others, of Stale Center, Iowa, for the same
purpose.
Also, the petition of L. M. Pratt and others,
of Otho, Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of P. C. Carter and others,
of Stanford, Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Noah Travis and others,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Colonel John Scott and
others, of Nevada, Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of S. L. Bailey and others,
of Colo, Iowa, for the same purpose.
Also, tlie petition of J. B. Pinkham and
others, of Marshalltown, Iowa, for the same
purpose.
Also, the petition of Samuel Miller and others,
of La Moile, Iowa, for the same purpose.
By Mr. POTTER : Petitions from citizens
of West Farms, Bedford, Hastings, Sufferns,
and Vesta, New York, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. RICE : The petition of Thomas M.
Eginton and others, citizens of Winchester,
Kentucky, praying for the establishment of a
post road in Kentucky.
Also, the petition of G. G. Natter and others,
citizens of Estill county, Kentucky, praying for
the establishment of a post road in Kentucky.
Also, the petition of W. Frank Crawford and
others, citizens of Powell county, Kentucky,
praying for the establishment of a post road in
Kentucky.
Also, the petition of F. H. Ramsey and
others, citizens of Clark county, Kentucky,
praying for the establishment of a post road in
Kentucky.
By Mr. ROGERS: A petition of the officers
of the Little Rock and Pulaski County Med-
ical Association of Arkansas, in regard to the
rank of medical officers in the United States
Navy.
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of citizens
of PlaccrviUe, California, for the abolition of
the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of Roseville,
California, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Bloomfield,
California, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Chipp's Flat,
California, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Alleghany,
California, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pilot Hill,
California, for the same purpose.
Also, a petition of citizens of Shaw's Flat,
California, for the same purpose.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Samuel
Hill and 214 others, citizens of Ohio, praying
Congress to abolish the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Charles T-. Andrews
and 6 others, manufacturers of prints of the
United States, praying Congress to repeal the
duty on garancine.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: The petition of
John L. Davies and 474 others, citizens of
Davenport, Scott county, Iowa, asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of H. C. Moorehead and
09 others, citizens of Buffalo, SGQtt county,
Iowa, asking for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also the petition of H. C. Loomis and 38
others, citizens of Durant, Cedar county, Iowa,
asking for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
Also, the petition of James T. Whitson and
3G others, citizens of Cedar county, Iowa,
asking for the same thing.
Also, the petition of Philip Haines and 164
others, citizens of Anamosa, Jones county,
Iowa, asking for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of James D. K. Taylor
and 25 others, citizens of Highland Grove,
Jones county, Iowa, and vicinity, asking for
the same thing.
Also, the petition of George A. Davis, post-
master at Paris, Linn county, Iowa, and GO
others, citizens of that place and vicinity, ask-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Ezra De Wolf, William
H. Ward, and 40 others, citizens of Prairieburg,
Linn county, Iowa, asking for the same thing.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of the Wilson Manufacturing Company, of New
London, Connecticut, asking for the reduction
of the duty on steel.
Also, the petition of Albertson & Douglass
Machine Company, of New London, Connec-
ticut, asking for the reduction of the duty on
By Mr. STEVENSON: A petition of about
500 citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
Also, a petition of citizens of College Hill,
and of Cumminsville, Ohio, for the same pur-
pose.
By Mr. STRONG : Petitions of E. W. Whit-
aker and others; J. C. Robertson and others ;
T. G. Hodgson and others; Hollis G. Parker
and others; E. Potter & Co. and others ; H.
Clay Trumbull and others ; B. C. Kellogg and
others; W. Willason and others; all praying
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. SWEENEY: Petitions of citizens
of Christian county, of Henderson county,
of Daviess county, and of Hopkins county, 'in
the State of Kentucky, asking for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, the petition of Mary Cunningham, for
pension.
By Mr. TILLMAN: A memorial from cit-
izens of Pulaski, Giles county, fourth district
Tennessee, asking the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Bunker
Hill, same county, for the same purpose.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Coffee
county, fourth district Tennessee, for the same
purpose.
By Mr. TANNER: Several petitions for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
