1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
AUKEN: The petition of
Mary Ann Benner, for a pension.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
George Perkins and 154others, of Chillicothe,
Ohio, praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege.
Also, the petition of \V. E. Anderson and 45
others, ot Franklort, Ross county, Ohio, on
the same subject.
Also, the petition of Joel Gibeson and 78
others, of Gibesonville, Hocking county. Ohio,
on the same subject.
Also, the petition of Frederick Ratz and. 33
others, of Hamburgh, Fairfield county, Ohio,
on the same subject.
VOORHEES: A memorial of citi-
zens of New Orleans and vicinity, on the sub-
ject of naval rank.
^ By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
lhememorialaofC. H. Merriamand300otbers,
of Leominster; John Barnard and 50 others, of
Deerfield ; E. D. Hamilton and 30 others, of
Conway; J. D. Canning and 30 others, of Gill;
Lyman Moore and 30 others, of Boston; J. R.
Fairbanks and 100 others, of Askfield ; F. L.
Sargent and 100 others, of East Templeton;
Richard Knight and 100 others, of South Had-
ley Falls; and S. W. Joy and 500 others, of
Northampton, citizens of Massachusetts, pray-
ing the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WHEELER: The petition of John
C. Pratt, president of the Ogdensburg and Lake
Champlain laiiroad, to reduce the duty on iron
and steel rails.
By Mr. WHITTEMORE: Petitions from the
counties of Sumter, Williamsburgh, Marion,
Darlington, and Georgetown, South Carolina,
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. WILLARD : The petition of Moses
Field and others, of West Haven, Vermont;
of Daniel Babcock and others, of Granville,
Vermont; of J. Rice and others, of Powlett,
Vermont; of N. B. Pinney and others, of
Mechanicsville, Vermont; of George P. Haw-
ley and others, of Waterbury, Vermont; of
John S. Dwinnell and others, of East Calais,
Vermont; of Byron C. Rounds and others, of
Moulton, Vermont; of E. B. Holden and
others, of North Clarendon, Vermont; of Dan-
iel Morey and others, of Stamford, Vermont;
of H. Templeton and others, of Worcester,
Vermont; and of Redfield Proctor and others,
of Sutherland Falls, Vermont, for the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Also, the memorial of William P. Russell,
for a pension.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
James O. K. Hubbard, a soldier of the war of
1812, together with accompanying testimony,
praying for a special act granting him a pen-
sion.
By Mr. WINANS: The petition of Anson
Pilger, postmaster, and 41 others, citizens of
Grove City, Franklin county, Ohio, for the
abolition of the franking privilege.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 1, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
correction oi the journal.
Mr. HOWELL. There is a slight correction
of the minutes which I wish to make. _ I pre-
sented yesterday a memorial of the Legislature
of Iowa in behalf of the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege, and asked that it be printed.
There is no mention of that, motion upon the
minutes as I observed their reading; and out
of respect to the General Assembly of the State
of Iowa I would ask that that correction be
made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made. , .,
The VICE PRESIDENT subsequently said :
The Chair will state to the Senator from Iowa
41st Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 59.
that the J ournal does show the presentation of
the resolution to which he refers, and that it
was ordered to be printed and referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The Journal was therefore correct.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting an abstract of a report of
John G. Pratt, United States Indian agent,
upon claims for stock stolen from the Delaware
Indians since 1854, provided for in the treaty
of July 4, 1866, with said tribe; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair also
lays before the-Senate a response of the Attor-
ney General in answer to a resolution adopted
yesterday, which, as it is brief, the Secretary
will read in full.
The Secretary read as follows:
Attorney Geseral's Office,
Washington, January 31,1870.
To the Senate of the United States:
I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a
copy of the resolution of the Senate of the 31st of
January, 1870. in theso words:
"Jtesolved, That the Attorney General be, and ho
hereby is, requested to communicate to the Senato
copies of any communications sent by him to any of
the united States military authorities since the pas-
sage of tho last act relative to the readmission of
Georgia to representation in Congress, and particu-
larly any opinion given by him touching tho eligi-
bility of members of tho Legislature of Georgia."
I have given no official opinion in writing relating
to the affairs of Georgia, and have not in my pos-
session a copy of any communication such as is re-
ferred to by the resolution. The questions arising
in relation to the reconstruction of Georgia have
sometimes been a subject of conversation between
the President, the Sooretary of War, tho General of
the Army, and myself, and I have expressed opinions
upon some of the questions, but not in such a formal
and official manner that I understood they wore to
be tho subject of action. On one occasion, in con-
versation with tho President, the General of tho
Army was present, and I intimated to him the views
I took upon ono or two questions, and at his request
made ashort memorandum of them in writing, wliioh
ho took, of which I retained no copy, and am there-
fore unable to furnish one. I am not aware of
any other fact material to tho request contained in
tho resolution of your honorable body, and havo
only mentioned tho foregoing from an uncertainty
whether tho President and the Secretary of War
were considered as "military authorities" within
its meaning.
Very respectfully, E. R. IIOAIt,
Attorney General.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that that communi-
cation be printed and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. NORTON. I wish to inquire to what
resolution that is an answer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tn answer to a
resolution adopted yesterday on the motion of
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard.]
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Michigan.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memobials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented ten peti-
tions from various portions of the U nited States,
praying for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege ; which were referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Iowa, praying that provision be made by law
for the compulsory prepayment of all domestic
postages; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. FENTON. I present the petition of
three thousand citizens of the city of Brooklyn,
New York, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; and also the petition of two
hundred members of the Union League Club
of the city of NewYork, for the samepurpose.
I move that theybe referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY. Would it not be proper now
to lay these petitions on the table, inasmuch as
the committee have reported on that matter,
the abolition of the franking privilege ? I think
they should be Jaid on the table hereafter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] offered some days
since an order that such petitions might bo
presented to the Secretary, but it was not a
compulsory order.
. Mr. RAMSEY. But my present suggestion
is on a different principle. The committee
have reported on the subject.
Mr. HAMLIN. The point is that the com-
mittee have reported a bill on thia subject, and
the matter is no longer before them. I movs,
therefore, that all memorials relating to the
subject be hereafter laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
Mr. DRAKE. The motion of the honor-
able Senator from Maine does not seem to me
to cover the case. We hare had for some time
nearly the whole morning hour consumed here
in presenting petitions on this subject. Now,
the order to lay them on the table does not
prevent the consumption of the time of the
Senate in the presentation of them.
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me, as the bill has been reported
back I suppose it will be acted on presently,
and that of course will put an end to the pre-
sentation of such petitions.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; it will not put an
end to the presentation of them in this way
and the consumption of our time. I supposed
when the Senate by unanimous consent agreed
that they might be handed to the Secretary
instead of being presented here that the inten-
tion was to save the consumption of the time
of the Senate.
Mr. FENTON. Is there any motion before
the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not.
The Senator from NewYork is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. FENTON. I desire, in the discharge
of my duty, to present a large number of peti-
tions from various localities in the Stato of
New York, numerously signed, asking also for
the abolition of the franking privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be laid
on the table.
Mr. FENTON also presented the preamble
and resolutions of the Board of Trade of Al-
bany, NewYork, praying for an appropriation
sufficient for the erection or procuring of a
building in said city suitable for the accommo-
dation of the post office, revenue offices, custom-
house, and other permanent and temporary
departments of the Government in said city;
which were referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying that
pensions may be allowed the surviving soldiers
of the war of 1812, and also to the widows of
such as are deceased; which was referred to
tho Committee on Pensions.
He also presented several petitions of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege ; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. HOWARD presented the memorial of
Thomas Henderson, praying that he may bo
permitted to purchase a certain tract of Gov-
ernment land on which he has located, and which
he has improved; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. McDONALD presented the petition of
Samuel W. Williams, of Little Rock, Arkansas,
praying for the removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask leave to present
the memorial of Caleb Lowe, of Chicago, Illi-
nois, praying for the passage of an act mak-
ing provision for the payment of his claims for
depredations committed by vessels of Franca
between and during the years 1793 and 1801,
or that he be restored to his remedy against
France. I suppose the proper reference of
this memorial would be to the Committee on
