930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
Foreign Relations, and I move its reference
to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I also present a memo-
rial of the Military Medical Association of
Aledo, Illinois, praying for the passage of a
law which shall permanently accord to med-
ical officers of the Navy such rank, material
privileges, immunities, and accommodations,
as well as such definite protection to their
authority, as may be deemed proper and need-
ful. I move its reference to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PERRY presented the petition of Eng-
lish & Merrick, of New Haven, Connecticut,
praying that the duties on imported steel shall
not be increased, but on the contrary shall be
reduced; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the memorial
of citizens of Sag Harbor and New Brighton,
New York, against the franking practice ; and
I beg to say, as the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Dkake] did not understand my suggestion
entirely a moment ago, that if the bill now
before us relating to this subject shall be acted
upon and disposed of finally, as doubtless it
will be presently, those who send these peti-
tions will cease to send them, and thus the Sen-
ate will be relieved. That was the suggestion
I made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial
will lie on the table.
Mr. COLE presented a resolution of the
General Assembly of the State of California,
asking for the passage of an act declaring the
public highways leading from Santa Rosa to
Sonoma, and from Santa Rosa to Sebastopol,
in the county of Sonoma, and from Healdsburg,
in Sonoma county, to Calistoga, in Napa county,
in that State, mail routes, and to have mail
service put thereon at an early day ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I present the memorial
of W. Patton, of Towanda, Pennsylvania, who
says that he is a descendant of white revolu-
tionary patriots, who wiih their compatriots
founded this Government and bequeathed it to
us and our white posterity forever, together
with such naturalized foreigners of our own
race as we might choose to adopt as our fellow-
citizens. He quotes and invokes the serious
attention of Congress to the opinions of our
late eminent and patriotic statesmen on the
question of negro equality—the elder Adams,
Clay, Webster, Douglas, and Lincoln ; and he
prays for such legislation by Congress as will
secure the Government of the United States
exclusively to the white l'ace. I move the refer-
ence of this memorial to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
■ Mr. SAWYEIi presented a petition of citi-
zens of South Carolina, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. McCREERY presented a petition of
citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that pensions may be allowed the surviv-
ing soldiers of the war of 1812, and also to the
widows of such as are deceased ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
ofKentucky, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. OSBORN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Powellton, Florida, praying for the
abolition ot the franking privilege; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. VICKERS presented seven petitions of
citizens of Maryland, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege ; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Alexander Cobb, of the county of Sanford,
State of Alabama, praying for the removal
of his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Alabama, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege ; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of citizens
of Indiana, praying for the abolition of the
franking privilege ; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. STOCKTON presented a petition of
citizens of Trenton, New Jersey, praying for
the abolition of the franking privilege; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mi-. SCHURZ presented the petition of
Sarah A. Crosby, widow of William A. Crosby,
of the county of Greene, Missouri, praying to
be allowed a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. W1LLEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of West Virginia, praying for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying for the abolition
of the franking privilege; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented several petitions of citi-
zens of Delaware, praying for the abolition of
the franking privilege; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
John C. Campbell, of the county of Washing-
ton, State of Virginia, praying for the removal
of his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petitions of P. C.
Johnston and M. B. D. Lane, of Lee colinty,
Virginia, and J. M. Broadus, of Alexandria,
Virginia, praying for the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. WARNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Alabama, praying the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. CASSERLY presented a petition of citi-
zens of California, praying the abolition of the
franking privilege; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented the memorial of the Anti-
Coolie and Anti Monopoly Association of San
Francisco, California, remonstrating against
granting a subsidy to the Pacific Steamship
Company for carrying the mail between San
Francisco and China and Japan ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present also a resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Califor-
nia, in reference to the openingof certain mail
routes in the State of California, which I ask
to have read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask if it is necessary to
have these memorials read? It seems to me
that it is not in accordance with the practice of
the Senate, and it is an unnecessary consump-
tion of time.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is extremely short, not
more than half a dozen lines.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If we are to have memo-
rials praying for the establishment of post roads
read in the Senate they will occupy the whole
morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from California desires a resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of California presented by
him to be reported. The Secretary will read it.
The Secretary read as follows :
Resolved by the Senate, (the Assembly concurring.)
That our Senators in Congress be instructed and our
Representatives requested to procure the passage of
an act declaring the public highways leading from
Santa Rosa to Sonora. and from Santa Rosa to
Sebastopol, in the eouDty of Sonoma, and from
Healdsburg, in Sonoma county, to Calistoga, ia
Napa county, in this State, mail routes, and to
have mail service placed thereon at an early day;
and that the Governor of this State be requested to
transmit copi es of this resolution to our Senators and
Representatives in Congress.
Approved January 21.1870.
H. II. HAIGHT, Governor.
WILLIAM HOLDEN,
President of the Senate.
GEORGE H. ROGERS.
Speaker of the Assembly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move the reference of
this resolution to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Ipresentthe
petition of citizens of Vermont, of High River
Junction, praying for the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege. I desire to say that I am in favor
of carrying out the reform proposed by the
Postmaster General, but I am not quite sure
that the bill that has come from the House of
Representatives does that, and I am quite ap-
prehensive that if we shall act upon that bill
we shall have more petitions here asking for
the restoration of the franking privilege than
we are now receiving against it. I move that
this petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Iowa, praying that provision be made
by law for the compulsory prepayment of all
domestic postages; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. ANTHONY presented two petitions of
citizens of Rhode Island, praying for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. I present several memo-
rials from citizens of the United States relat-
ing to the inequality that exists among citizens
upon the subject of suffrage. They suggest
thattheseinequalitiesshould beremoved, either
by legislation or by an amendment of the Con-
stitution, so that citizens without regard to sex
or color may be admitted to the ballot. I move
that these petitions be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of cit-
izens of Butler county, Nebraska, praying that
a mail route be extended from Ulysses, But-
ler county, to Schuyler, Colfax county, Ne-
braska ; and praying also that a post office be
established at Fairview, the center of Butler
county, and recommending that O. H. Ford
be appointed postmaster ; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
York and Seward counties, Nebraska, praying
that a mail route be established from Seward
county, running along Lincoln creek, viaAdel,
in Seward county, to Thayer, in York county,
a distance of thirty miles, and that service be
ordered upon that route from Seward via Adel
to Thayer and back once a week; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. THAYER. I also present several peti-
tions praying for the abolition of the franking
privilege. As a commentary on the value of
them 1 desire to read an extract from a letter
inclosing one of these memorials asking for the
abolition of the franking privilege. The writer
says:
" I want you, if you please, to send me the agri-
cultural report for 1866,1867, and 1868if they are out.
Also send me seveial varieties of wheat and any
o-her articles of that character which you have to
distribute." [Laughter.J
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petitions
will be laid on the table.
withdrawal "of papers,
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William M. Riggabe
taken from the files of the Senate and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
