1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
On motion of Mr. NYE, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of William
James be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to whom was referred a com-
munication from the Attorney General respect-
ing national cemeteries, reported a bill (S. No.
474) to amend an act entitled "An act to estab-
lish and protect national cemeteries ;" which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Iam directed
by the Committee on Finance, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 426) for the relief of the
heirs of Michael Nourse, deceased, to report it
back with a recommendation that the bill be
rejected. On the 11th day of January we
reported against a petition asking for the same
relief, with a printed report; and in order that
we may be finally relieved of this subject I ask
that it be acted upon now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
asks that the bill be rejected. The question
is on its rejection.
The bill was rejected.
Mr. ABBOTT. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (8. No.
357) fixing the status of certain Federal sol-
diers enlisting in the Union Army in the State
of Alabama, and the bill (S. No. 392) fixing the
status of certain Federal soldiers enlisting in
the Union Army from the State of Florida,
have had the same under consideration, and
have instructed me to report back a consoli-
dated bill embracing the two, with a recom-
mendation that the consolidated bill pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate bills No.
357 and No. 332 will be regarded as indefi-
nitely postponed; and the other bill will be
read and placed on the Calendar.
The bill (S. No. 476) fixing the status of cer-
tain Federal soldiers enlisting in the Union
Army from the States of Alabama and Florida
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 112) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to transfer to_ use in
the Bureaus of Construction and Repairs and
Steam Engineering, for the purposes thereof,
such of the unexpended balances remaining to
the credit of the other bureaus of the Navy
Department and available for the current year
as may be from time to time required, have jl
instructed me to report it with an amendment. ||
I ask for its present consideration. !
TheV ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from !|
Maine from the Committee on Appropriations j;
reports back the joint resolution and asks its jj
immediate consideration. It will be read at ;i
length for information : after which the Chair ij
will ask for objections to it, if there be any. ;i
The Secretary read the joint resolution. It jj
proposes toauthorize the Secretary of the Navy ;j
to transfer to and use in the Bureaus of Cpn- jj
struction and Repairs and Steam Engineering, ;
forthe purposes thereof, suchoftlieunexpended ,
balances remaining to the credit of the other
bureaus in theNavy Department and available '
for the current year as may be from time to ■■
time required ; but each transfer to either ot ;
the bureaus first named is to mention^ the
bureau and appropriation from which it is
transferred, and is in no case to exceed the
amount to its credit; and the whole arnoant
transferred to both is not to exceed $4,000,000
in the aggregate; and the money so transierred
is to be expended only for the purpose tor pro-
viding materials, carrying on the work, ana
paying the employ6s ot'the bureau to which u is
transferred. , ,
The Committee on Appropriations reported
the ioint resolution with an amendment, to
strike out all after the word'' year'' m line seven
down to and including the word further,
follows:
named shall mention the bureau and appropriation
from which it is transferred and shall in no case
exceed the amount of its credit: And provided, That
the whole amount transferred to both shall not
exceed $4,000,000 in the aggregate: And provided
farther.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following:
From the Bureau of Steam Engineering, $1,400,000;
and to the Bureau of Construction from the Bureau
of Equipment of Vossels, $399,000; from the Bureau
of Navigation, 8250,000; from the Bureau of Yards
and Docks, $1,951,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the immediate consideration of the joint
resolution ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ought to make
a statement, perhaps, in regard to it. It will be
perceived by the phraseology of the resolution
that it does not make an appropriation. It
simply authorizes a distribution of appropria-
tions already made, made last year, and of
balances remaining in certain bureaus, to cer-
tain other bureaus which are found to be defi-
cient. Heretofore the Department had that
authority, but by an act passed in 1808 that
authority was taken from it, and now as a
matter of fact the Bureaus of Steam Engineer-
ing and of Construction and Repairs have a
deficiency, and on account of that deficiency
the public works are necessarily stopped to
some extent. It is to remedy that difficulty
! that this resolution provides for taking these
j specified amounts from certain bureaus and
| transferring them for use to the other bureaus.
I There will still remain a large unexpended
I appropriation to the Navy Department.
| _ The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Is there objec-
! tion to the immediate consideration of the
! resolution?
! Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
I desire to interpose a single objection to its im-
! mediate consideration. I am opposed to the
j resolution, and shall desire to state my objec-
i tions to it.
1 Mr. SHERMAN. I think it will save time
I to allow it to go over nntil to-morrow.
| Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
i from Illinois desires tobeheard, Iwill noturge
! its consideration this morning.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
! bills introduced,
j Mr. ANTHONY. I ask leave to introduce
! a bill without notice; and in presenting it, I
j desire to say that I believe it is in the direction
| of retrenchment, which Congress has so wisely
j entered upon, and I shall ask the liberty at an
j early day, to-morrow if convenient, to give my
i views on the subject.
! There being no objection, leave was granted
■ to introduce a bill (S. No. 475) to further reg-
ulate the public printing and to discontinue
the publication of Uooks by the General Gov-
ernment for popular distribution ; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed. _
Mr. HOWELL. I have had a printed bill
handed me this morning with a request that I
should present it to the Senate and have it
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 477) to amend an
! act entitled "An act for a grant of lands to
the State of Towa, in alternate sections, to aid
, in the construction of a railroad in said State?
approved May 12, 1864, and to grant lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad from
'! O'Brien county, Iowa, to the Missouri river;
' which was read twice by its title, referred to
II the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
1 to be printed.
; Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
:: sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. iSo.
478) for the relief of John L. Miles ; which
' was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
: mitt.ee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
' Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (b.
' No. 479) for the suppression of drmlung-houses
and tippling-shops in the Districtof Columbia;
|! which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanitaous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S..R. No. 113) declaring Missis-
sippi entitled to representation in Congress;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee ou the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 114) for furnishing complete
sets of the Congressional Globe and Appendix
to Senators, Representatives, and Delegates in
Congress who nave not received the same;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILLEY. That ought to go to the
Committee on Printing or the Committee on
Appropriations, I do not know which—the
Committee on Appropriations probably.
Several Senators. The Committee on
Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is suggested
that the Committee on Printing would be the
proper committee, and it will be referred to
that committee.
message from the house. ,
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the
following joint resolutions of the Senate:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 2) for the relief
of John E. Reeside;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 80) to close
the accounts of John W. Forney, late Secre-
tary of the Senate; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 105) author-
izing the passport clerk at the Department of
State to administer oaths and affirmations on
applications for passports.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. E. No. 134) to establish a land
district in Wyoming Territory, and for other
purposes.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the resolution of the Sen-
ate presenting the thanks of Congress to the
Governor, ana through him to the people of
Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, for
the statue of Major General Greene.
naval officers in washington.
Mr. SPENCER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent-, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy bo
directed to inform the Senato: flist, the names, rank,
and numbers of commissioned officers of the Navy
omployed on duty or otherwise residinepermanently
or temporarily in Washington city at the present
date; second, the names, rank, and numbers of com-
missioned officers of the Navy who wero employed on
duty in Washington at the date of meeting of the pres-
ent Congress in December last; third, tho names, rank,
and numbers of commissioned officers of theNavy
who have been ordered to report for special duty in
Washington siuce the day of meeting of the present
Congress in Docombcr last, with a list of duties to
which they have been assigned; fourth, how many
officers and members of tho senior class of midship-
men attached to tho Naval Academy at Annapolis
have visited Washington under orders or leave of
absence since the meeting of the present Congress m
December last.
survey of san domingo.
Mr. MORTON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved. That three hundred copies of the sui rey
of the coast of the island of San Bomingo, made by
Admiral Porter, be published for the use of the
Senate.
quartermaster 8 department.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
report for the information of the &enate, the number,
location and rent of buildings of the quartermaster s
department of the Army.
bed kiveil difficulties.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to offer the tol-
