932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
lowing resolution, and I should like immediate
action upon it:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions be instructed to consider the expediency of
recommending to the President of the United States
that this Government shall tender its mediation be-
tween the Dominion of Canada and the people of
the Red river district for the adjustment of existing
difficulties and the establishment of responsible
government in the territory included in the charter
of the Hudson Bay Company.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Letitgo over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made", the resolution must lie over.
Mr. RAMSEY. I appeal to the Senator
from Vermont to allow the resolution to be
considered at this time. He may move a post-
ponement of it afterward if he desires, but I
wish to say something on the subject.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I withdraw the
objection if the Senator desires to speak to the
resolution.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then, the resolution being
before the Senate, I desire to say a few words
to the Senate on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is before the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, the resist-
ance to the extension of the Canadian Confed-
eration west of Lake Superior to the Rocky
mountains without the assent of the community
on the Red River of the North, which sits at
the gateway to the great river systems which
constitute the Winnipeg basin, has been suc-
cessful.
The French population were first organized,
and prevented the approach of Hon. William
McDougall, who had been designated as the
G-overnor of the northwest territory. Fort
Garry, seventy miles north of the international
boundary, was occupied by the insurgents on
the day that the Canadian party was forced
upon American territory near Pembina. These
events, decisive of the control of the country,
occurred on the 2d of November last. A pro-
visional government was immediately organ-
ized, consisting of twelve persons, who chose
Mr. John Bruce president and Mr. Louis Riel
secretary and commander of all military forces.
Martial law was declared ; but simultaneously
the Scotch and English settlers were invited
to send twelve delegates to meet the French
council of war in a convention for the redress
of grievances. They did so, and the month of
November was mostly passed by this body in
determining the terms upon which the com-
munity would consent to receive the jurisdic-
tion of Canada. So far the insurrection was
directed exclusively against the attempt to
enforce an act of the Canadian Parliament,
which sought to vest all legislative power in a
G-overnor sent from Ottawa and a council
of not less than seven or more than fifteen,
which should be exclusively of his appoint-
ment, as was the case with all judicial officers.
A premature survey of the country by Cana-
dians, and other events obnoxious to the peo-
ple of Selkirk, had contributed to the public
dissatisfaction; but the occasion of the Red
river outbreak was the attempt of the English
Government to transfer the Winnipeg districts
to Canada—a colony to a colony—and of Can-
ada t.o dispose of the government without per-
mitting the inhabitants to have any voice in so
great a political change.
. It was assumed that the Hudson Bay Com-
pany was competent by a surrender of its
claim under the charter of 1670 to settle the
destiny of the community at Selkirk, which,
founded in 1312 and long isolated from the
world, had yet developed into an intelligent
and moral people of fifteen thousand souls, and
which, recalling many traditions and experi-
ences of the arbitrary conduct of an irrespon-
sible corporation, was justly irritated by a
policy that excluded their wishes in determin-
ing the future institutions of central British
America.
Such, briefly, was the situation at the close of
the Red river convention of November, 1869.
Governor McDougall was a refugee on Ameri-
can soil. The insurrectionary government,
while holding exclusive control of the country,
had inaugurated adiscussion by delegates of the
whole people in regard to guarantees of popu-
lar rights and the political conditions on which
a union with Canada might be effected. I in-
vite your attention to this bill of rights of the
Winnipeg convention. It was as follows:
1. That the people have the right to elect
their own Legislature.
2. That the Legislature have the right to
pass all laws local to the territory over the
veto of the Executive by a two-thirds vote.
3. That no act of the Dominion Parliament
local to the territory be binding on the people
until sanctioned by the Legislature of the ter-
ritory.
4. That all sheriffs, magistrates, constables,
school commissioners. &c., be elected by the
people.
5. A free homestead and preemption law.
6. That a portion of the public lands be
appropriated to the benefit of schools, the
building of bridges, roads, and public buildings.
7. That it be guarantied to connect Winni-
peg by rail with the nearest line of railroad
within a term of five years, the land grant to
be subject to the local Legislature.
8. That for the term of four years all mil-
itary, civil, and municipal expenses be paid
out of the Dominion funds.
9. That the military be composed of the
inhabitants now existing in the territory.
10. That the English and French languages
be common in the Legislature and courts, and
that all public documents and acts of the Legis.
lature be published in both languages.
11. That treaties be concluded and ratified
between the Dominion and the several tribes
of Indians in the territory, to insure peace on
the frontier.
12. That the Selkirk people have a full and
fair representation in the Dominion Parlia-
ment.
18. That all privileges, eustoms, and usages
existing at the time of the transfer be re-
spected.
ThisNovember declaration was unanimously
adopted by the convention, and had the uni-
versal assent of the people. The latest state-
ment (December 19) is that the French repre-
sentatives proposed that a delegation should
be sent to Pembina to ask Mr. McDougall to
guaranty these rights, declaring their readi-
ness to escort him into the settlement in case
he complied. Another statement is that Gen-
eral Riel insisted on an act of guarantee by
the Dominion Parliament before the Governor
should be received and inaugurated. In either
event the above was a proposition that deserved
respectful and deliberate consideration by the
Canadian representative.
A different policy was pursued by Mr.
McDougall. On the night of the 1st of De-
cember he crossed,the frontier, and under cover
of darkness posted a proclamation assuming
the office of Governor, and before daylight was
safely returned to his quarters o.n American
territory. During the hour of his presence on
English territory a second proclamation was
made appointing John Stoughton Dennis as his
lieutenant and conservator of the peace in and
for the northwest territories, and vesting in
him authority " to raise, organize, arm, equip,
and provision a sufficient force within the said
territories, and with the said force to attack,
arrest, disarm, or disperse the armed men un-
lawfully assembled" and more fully described
in the preamble.
After many recitals of the powers conferred
on Dennis the proclamation turther authorized
him to appoint as many officers and deputies
and to give them such orders and instructions
as he should deem necessary. No language
was omitted which could strengthen this del-
egation of authority to Dennis. . The latter
immediately acted under his instructions. Cir-
culating Mr. McDougall's proclamations, he
supplemented his own commission by a call
"on all loyal men of the northwest territories to
assist him by every means in their power to carry
out the same." He raised in person a body
of two hundred Swampy Indians and took pos-
session of the Lower Stone fort, about twenty
miles north of Fort Garry. It is also charged
that his agents attempted to incite bands of
Cree Indians and refugee Sioux from Minne-
sota, who were encamped sixty miles west and
southwest of Fort Garry, to hostilities against
the insurgents ; while simultaneously the few
Canadian emigrants in the settlement were
under arms.
There was a sudden termination to all civil
discussion. The English and Scotch deputies
returned disheartened and dissatisfied to their
homes, or heartily responded to the summons
of Riel, the French leader, and his council of
war. Instantly six hundred men rallied to tho
support of the provisional government; a dec-
laration of independence of all Canadian au-
thority was proclaimed; the bill of rights was
posted everywhere as the unanimous demand
of the Selkirk people, to which the response
of the Canadian party was an invocation of the
horrors of savage hostilities; and so sudden
and high rose the storm and demonstration of
popular indignation that the lieutenant and
conservator of the peace, Mr. John Stoughton
Dennis, suddenly disbanded his Indian con-
tingent at the Lower Stone fort and rejoined
his principal at Pembina, and has since claimed
as a merit that in his flight along the western
frontier of the settlement he dissuaded the Sioux
from an expedition against the insurgents.
The Canadians, not more than sixty in num-
ber, having rallied at the residence of Dr. John
Schultz, at Winnipeg, adjacent to Fort Garry,
were surrounded and made prisoners, and have
since been mostly exiled from the country.
Even at the distance of seventy miles from the
chief scene of action Governor McDougall, his
family, and staff, became aware that the storm
raised by the commission to Dennis and the
proceedings under it might endanger his per-
sonal safety, and soon afterward, on the 18th
of December, his party left Pembina, and have
since arrived at Ottawa.
He was met at St. Paul by his formal recall,
on the ground that his commission of Gov-
ernor was only to take effect on the full and
unquestionable transfer of the northwest ter-
ritory by the Hudson Bay Company to Can-
ada, for which the English Government was
sponsor.
So it happens that the expulsion of McDou-
gall is claimed by the Dominion authorities to
justify the postponement of the payment of
£300,000, which was the fundamental provis-
ion of the Earl of Granville's protocol of
March, 1869, while the default of Canada is
claimed by the company as a temporary defeat
of the proposition of transfer, remanding the
northwest territory to the jurisdiction of the
Hudson Bay Company.
In all this chaos only one fact transpires,
namely, the validity and ascendency of self-
government at Red river. The provisional
government of November, the protest of a
people, stands forth established de facto and
de jure.
With the final repulse of Canadian authority
there appear upon the scene the envoysnotonly
of the Dominion, but of the old regime of the
far traders. The Canadian ministry forward
M. Thibault, the vicar-general of Quebec, and
a Colonel De Salaberry, a lower Canadian,
formerly connected with a scientific survey of
the northwest territory, to negotiate with the
French leaders, while Mr. Donald Smith pro-
ceeds from London, with instructions from the
directors of the Hudson Bay Company to recog-
nize the provisional government of November
as in all respects legitimate. A sudden change
from the December imbroglio, the midnight
proclamations of McDougall and the frontier
warfare of Dennis! And so the questions at
issue on Red river pass once more into the
domain of negotiation. Tho conference invited
