934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1.
Mr. Ramsey Laving concluded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont withdrew his objection until after the
Senator from Minnesota finished his remarks.
Is the objection to the present consideration
of the resolution renewed?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont insists on his objection, and the reso-
lution will lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. RAMSEY subsequently said: I under-
stand that the Senator from Vermont is willing
to withdraw his objection to the resolution that
I offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont withdraws his objection, and the Chair
will understand the resolution to be agreed to,
if there be no further objection.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that subject goes to
the committee I ask the Senate to indulge me
in one observation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator must
ask the consent of the Senate, as the currency
bill is regularly before the Senate.
Mr. SCJMNER. I shall not occupy one
minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object.
Mr. SUMNER. Just one minute.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are a dozen gen-
tlemen around me making similar appeals, and
I cannot yield to one withoutyielding toothers.
If the Senator wishes to make any observation's
in connection with the pending bill he can do so.
Mr. SUMNER. It is about this resolution
that is to go to my committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object. Senators
all around me are making similar appeals. I
have no objection to anything being done that
does not excite debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tiie Senator
from Ohio objects to further debate on the
proposition. If there be no further objection
the resolution will be regarded as referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and it is
so ordered.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. SCHURZ. I ask to be relieved from
further service upon the Committee on Pen-
sions.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
Mr. FERRY". I request to be excused from
further service upon the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
The question being put, Mr. Feriiy was
excused.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that the Senator from
Arkansas [Mr. Rice] be excused from further
service upon the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
The question being put, Mr. Rice was
excused.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Howshall these
vacancies be filled?
Mr. WILSON. I move that they be filled
by the Chair.
Tlie^ VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so ordered, and the Chair
will appoint in the place of the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Schurz,j on the Committee on
Pensions, the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. How-
ell ;] in the place of the Senator from Arkan-
sas, [Mr, Rice,] on the Committee on the
District of Columbia, the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Lewis ;] and in place of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] on the
select Committee oa the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities, the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Johxston.J
BILL RECOMMITTED!
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the indulgence of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance and
the Senator from Connecticut to call up a bill
for the purpose of having it recommitted. It
will excite no debate. It is the bill (S. No.
252) to provide for the sale of certain lots and
lands of the sea islands of Beaufort county,
South Carolina, and for other purposes. I
move that it be recommitted to the Committee
on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
TUB CURRENCY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 378) to provide a national currency
of coin notes and to equalize the distribution
of circulating notes, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Morton, which
was to strike out " $45,000,000," in line three
of the first section, and insert " $52,000,000;"
so as to read : "That $52,000,000 in notes for
circulation may be issued to national banking
associations," &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Connecticut [Mr. Bitckisgham] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, I
propose to speak upon the subject of banking
and of public credit, questions intimately con-
nected with the subject that is now under con-
sideration. I should like to speak to two texts.
I will take the bill introduced by the distin-
guished chairman of the Committee on Finance
[Mr. Sherman] for one, and Senate bill No.
444, now lying upon your table, for the other.
I will ask the Secretary to read that bill as
a part of my remarks.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
A bill supplementary to an act to provide a na-
tional currency secured by a pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof, approved June 3,1854.
Be it enacted by the Senite and House of Represent-
ative of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the act entitled "An act to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide lur the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved June 3,1864, be, and
the same is hereby, declared to be open, and all per-
sons are free to organize banking associations in
accordance with the provisions of this act and of the
act to which this is supplementary.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no banking
association shall be hereafter organized under this
act with a capital of less than $200,000, nor shall any
association hereaftor organized receive from the
Comptroller of the Currency notes for circulation to
an amount exceeding forty-five per cent, of its capi-
tal actually paid in, and all banking associations now
organized having a larger circulation than forty-five
per cent, of their respective capitals are hereby pro-
hibited from issuing or reissuing any notes received
by them from the Comptroller of the Currency until
the amount issued bysuchassociationshallbereduced
to the limits herein specified. And "whenever any
association having a larger circul ation than forty-five
percent, of its capital shall, for the purpose of reduc-
ing the same, surrender to the Comptroller of the
Currency any of its own notes, in sums of$900 and its
multiple, such notes shall be burned in accordance
with the provisions of the twenty-fourth section of
tho act to -which this i& an addition ; and the Treasu-
rer of the United States shall thereupon deliver to
such association so many bonds as havebeen pledged
tor the security of notes so destroyed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all banking
associations hereafter organized under this act shall
make provision for the redemption and payment of
notes which they may receive from Ciie Comptroller
of the Currencyfor circulation as herein provided; and
whenever such provision shall be made by any bank-
ing association it shall be entitled to receive circulat-
ing notes in accordance with tho provisions of this
act. Until the Secretary of the Treasury shall in his
monthly statement of the public debt of the United
States certify that the amount of United States legal-
tender notes in circulation is reduced to $200,000,000,
exclusive of fractional currency, all securities depos-
ited with the Treasurer of the United States for the re-
demption and payment of circulating notes shall con-
sistof United States legal-tendernotes. And when-
ever theSecretaryoftheTreasuryshallin his monthly
statement, oertify that the amount of United States i
legal-tender notes in circulation is reduced below |
$200,000,000, exclusive of fractional currency, and is I
above $100,000,000, not less than one half of all secur- j
ities deposited with the Treasurer of the United States t
for the redemption and payment of circulating notes !i
shall consist of United States legal-tender notes, and
one half of such securities shall consist in part or in ;1
the whole of such notes or of any United States bonds i
which theTreasurer shall be authorized by la-w to re- i!
ceiveand hold for that purpose. And whenever the ;!
Secretary of the Treasury shall in like manner certify 'i
that the amount of United States legal-tender notes '
in circulation is reduced below 8100,000,000 all secur- !
ities deposited with the Treasurer of the United States ' j
for the same purpose shall consist in part or in tho ij
whole either of United States legal-tendernotes or i
any United States bonds which that officer shall be !
authorized by law to receive and hold for the redemp- ■ \
tion and payment of circulating notes. <
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That whenever ' l
any banking association organized under this act i|
shall deliver United States legal-tender notes to the
Treasurer of the United States, in accordance with il
the provisions of this act, in sums of $1,000 and its
multiple, it shall be the duty of that officer to exe-
cute United States registered bonds tor an equal
amount, and such bonds shall be free from State and
municipal taxation, shall be payable in coin in thirty
years from the 1st day of tho January or July next
preceding the time at which theyshail be executed,
and shall bear interest at the rate of per cent.
per annum, payable semi-annually in coin; but the
Treasurer shall not allow or pay interest on such
bonds except from and after the time when the Uni-
ted States notes shall be deposited with him. All
bonds thus executed and all bonds deposited by
banking associations shall remain with the Treas-
urer, in trust for such associations, as security for
the redemption and payment of any circulating notes
that may be delivered to theiaby the Comptroller of
the Currency. And all legal-tender notes thus deliv-
ered to theTreasurer of the United States, and funded
in accordance with the provisions of this aet.shallbe
burned in the manner designated for burning worn-
out and mutilated currency in section twenty-four
of the act to which this is an addition, except that
the presence and certificate of some person to repre-
sent a banking association shall not be required.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That on and after
the passage of this act no banking association now
organized under the act to which this is an addition,
and no association which may be hereafter organized,
shall pay interest in any form or manner on any de-
scription of deposits except so far as may be necessary
to fulfill existing contracts which are limited to a defi-
nite time; and no such association shall in any man-
ner transfer, convey, sell, or disposeof any coin which
it may hereafter receivefor interest on bonds depos-
ited with tho Treasurer of the United States at any
time when the amount of coin held by such associa-
tion shall be less than - per cent, of the entire
indebtedness of the association exclusive of its cap-
ital : Provided, That nothing in this act shall be
regarded as prohibiting any association from paying
its circulating notes in coin on demand.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, the
currency of the country, both bank and na-
tional, is and has for some time been incon-
vertible into coin. This irredeemable currency
has excited speculation, caused great and sud-
den changes in the nominal values of property,
and rendered business unstable and often un-
profitable and unsatisfactory. The fact that
the Government, and the banks have failed to
meet their obligations, that they are apparently
making little effort to fulfill them, but are
quietly waiting for aeon venient season, has done
much to erase from the minds of men the con-
viction that they are under obligations to meet
pecuniary promises at maturity. This disre-
gard of specific obligations has done much and
possibly more than any other one thing to cor-
rupt the morals and to impair the integrity of
the business community.
In order to sustain the Government we were
forced to issue a currency which all knew could
not be redeemed until the supremacy of the
Government should be reestablished. It has
been reestablished now more than four years,
and the currency remains unredeemed and the
people dishonored ; and it is high time that the
legislative branch of this Government should
gird itself to the duty of staying the evils to
which I have referred. Many claim that the
remedy is to be found only in an immediate
return to specie payments through a contrac-
tion of the currency, while others clamor foi
an increase of circulating notes as the only
means of avoiding general bankruptcy.
I believe that no remedy will be found until
our currency is convertible into coin at the
pleasure of the holder, but thiuk there is a
more excellent way than to contract it so mueh
and so suddenly as to throw all the engage-
ments of business men out of line and to un-
settle their well-devised plans. But an increase
of a circulating medium which bears a false and
unfulfilled promise upon its face instead of
being a remedy for any one of the evils which
1 have named would only increase and perpetu-
ate them. The more you issue of such promises
the more they will depreciate until they will
be as valueless as the notes of the southern
confederacy.
You would be like the loaded team going
down the mountain side. The load presses
heavily; you quicken the teats to escape the
pressure; the load follows closely with increas-
ing power; it controls the team; you now put
on the lash that the team may escape; but no,
you have lost control, and the destruction both
of team and load is made sure.
