986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
paid those which were not due I should have
tailed to establish that credit which enabled
me in the end to overcome my embarrassment
and to satisfy fully every creditor. If I had
pursued the policy which this Government is
now pursuing in paying debts which are not
mature and neglecting obligations which are,
if I had endeavored to establish a credit by pur-
chasing my own notes at a discount while neg-
lecting to provide for the interest on debts over-
due, as this Government is now doing, I should
have sunk in deep waters ; and so would this
Government if it did not rest upon the energies
of a people who will prosper and who will pay
all their obligations even with such a millstone
as this around their necks.
If we would improve public credit wo must
first satisfy creditors whose claims are due, and
I know of no practical way in which this can
be done so readily as by funding those obliga-
tions which are a constant reproach and dis-
honor. That is what the bill proposes.
Again, we often speak of the desirableness
of relief from taxation and of the importance
of leaving our national debt in such a condi-
tion that the generation which shall come after
us shall pay a part of the_ obligations which
have been incurred for their benefit as well as
for our own. This relief is found in the bill
which authorizes a postponement for thirty
years of debts already due without injustice to
any. I have doubts about the expediency of
issuing any large amount of bonds redeemable
at the pleasure of the Government within cer-
tain years. If there is any advantage in issu-
ing a long bond that advantage is lost by
reserving the right to which I have referred,
and the value of the bond is limited in market
by the shortest time at which it may be paid.
But the debt funded as proposed will become
due at different periods of time corresponding
with the times when legal-tender notes shall be
delivered to the Treasurer for the purpose of
funding.
Will it be said that no relief will be had
because wo shall be required to pay interest on
the funded debt while we pay none now ? I
reply that no individual who \'alues his credit
and expects to meet all his obligations can
afford to have obligations mature and cry daily
for payment if he can satisfy his creditors by
paying interest and postponing payment of the
principal until his ability shall equal the task
of paying that. If he cannot pay the principal
when due it is reasonable and right that he
should pay interest until he can. Such prac-
tice is as clearly for the honor and benefit of
the nation as for an individual, and there is no
rule of morality or of justice that applies to the
one which should not be applied to the other.
This bill prohibits the payment of interest
on deposits. Why not? Banks are not organ-
ized to hire, but to loan capital. Your present
act requires banking associations to have on
hand at all times lawful money of the United
States as a reserve fund for the redemption of
theircirculatingnotes. Those which are located
in cities where banks are authorized to redeem
their notes are required to hold an amount
equal to twenty-five per cent, of their circula-
tion and deposits, and others fifteen per cent.
But three fifths of the fifteen per cent, may
consist in balances due from associations lo-
cated in cities of redemption. These balances
are now called deposits, the greater part of
which are_ loaned to the associations holding
the deposits. But these central associations
cannot afford to pay interest unless they can
reloan that which they hire. As they are
liable to be called upon for payment at any
time they dare not run the risk of making
these loans on time, and therefore they make
them payable 011 call. But men engaged in
regular business do not hire money payable
on demand. The banks, therefore, seek other
customers, and find them in brokers, who, in
like manner, loan the hired capital to their
customers. What, then, is the thing which
your law requires banking associations to have
on hand in the form of lawful money of the
United States, and which it calls a reserve?
It is a balance, charged upon the books of one
bank against another. Where is it? One
quarter of the amount is held by the debtor
bank as a reserve, and three quarters are
loaned by that bank to brokers, and by them
to speculators and gamblers, and is used to
undermine and make unstable all regular busi-
ness. The public, whose interests you are
bound to conserve, demands this prohibition.
The proposed bill also requires banking asso-
ciations to hold whatever coin they may receive
from the Government for interest on their
bonds until the coin shall reach a proper per-
centage of their indebtedness, except so much
as maybe paid for the redemption of their cir-
culating notes. This is so simple and plain a
proposition that I will not weary the Senate by
commenting upon it. Nor will I now say any-
thing in relation to the provisions of the third
section of the bill, which, for the redemption
and payment of circulating notes, requires a
deposit cf legal-tender notes to an amount
which will depend upon the whole amount of
such notes in circulation. These are matters
of detail which may be modified without chang-
ing the principles or affecting the value of the
bill.
I have endeavored to show that there are
three important object's which we should attain.
The first is to furnish a sound currency for
all sections of the country.
The second is to improve public credit.
The third is to secure the resumption of specie
payments.
The Senator from New York was undoubt-
edly right yesterday when he spoke of the im-
portance of having all these objects presented
for the consideration of the Senate at the same
time. They are so intimately connected with
each other that in my judgment it is not wise
to attempt the accomplishment of either as a
separate and independent measure. We are
aiming to form a threefold cord, and if we fail
of laying either strand in line with the other
two, the result will show our want of skill and
our inability to secure the objects atwhich we
are aiming.
I have spoken of the first and second ob-
jects ; and in relation to the third would re-
mark, first, that specie resumption cannot be
secured without the cooperation of both the
banks and the Government; second, that it
will be impossible to resume specie payments
unless the Government shall lead in the meas-
ure ; third, it will be impossible for the Govern-
ment to resume until it shall first pay or fund
a large portion of the legal-tender notes now
in circulation.
I will not weary the patience of the Senate
much longer. It. is said that the amount of our
circulation should be definite and unchanging.
But is the business of the nation unchanging,
and is the amount of our productions definite?
Can you bind our people and their business as
you bind a prisoner with chains ? Our western
friends now complain that the greater part of
their embarrassment arises from the limit which
the law fixes to our currency. Do not under-
stand that I am in favor of expansion j it
would be the most dangerous measure which
we could adopt. Undue expansion is more
fatal, more overwhelming in its influence for
evil upon business, than the most rigid adher-
ence to a specie currency. I would hold every
bank to positive redemption, with which there
will not be too much currency. Our banking
system should be established upon principles
which lie at the foundation of internal com-
merce, and which will make it both so stable
and so changeable that it may meet the demands
of our ever-varying and ever-increasing busi-
ness.
Mr. President, witkin afewyoarsan improve-
ment has been made in steam-engines by a
distinguished citizen of Rhode Island, by which,
without an increase of cost, a large percentage
has been added to steam-power used in mining
and in our varied and extended branches of
manufacturing. It is done by valves connected
with the governor, which measure out to the
cylinder of the engine just so much power, an<i
no more than is necessary to carry with a given
velocity the load which may be attached to the
engine. If you attach twelve machines for
rolling iron to an engine of proper capacity,
you will find it impossible to operate them all
to advantage with a definite and uniform amount
of steam-power. At one time you will find bat
one machine forming the bars, at another six,
at another the whole; and at each different
period a different amount of power will be
required. The invention will increase or dimin-
ish the power as often and as rapidly as the
different machines are put to their work or
released from duty. It is automatic; a self-
adjustment of steam-power which will carry a
small or a heavy load, as the necessities ot the
case may require.
The currency is the power by which the prod-
ucts of our land are transferred from one end
of the continent to another; the medium by
which internal exchanges are made and bal-
ances settled. The demand for this power is
not uniform. When heavy crops are to be
transported from places of production to mar-
ket, when our mechanical and manufacturing
establishments are in full operation, and the
fruits of our entire industry are to be distrib-
uted, a large amount of this power is required.
But when such products are sold, when cur-
rency returns to the center, and business in a
measure becomes stagnant, as it often does, a
less amount is required. What we want is a
system of banking that will meet these chang-
ing conditions; a system that will, 011 the one
hand, measure out currency sufficient to carry
the heavy or lighter load which our ever-vary-
ing business transactions may demand, and on
the other, not so much but that it may be re-
deemed atthe pleasure of the holder. I believe
that this can be done, and when accomplished
that we shall have the best system of banking
which has yet been devised for a free people ;
that we shall have currency sufficient to do the
business of every section of the country; tbat
public credit will be appreciated ; that the
national debt can be consolidated into bonds
bearing a lower rate of interest; that taxation
will be reduced, and the Government and the
banks and the people will be moving with
rapidity in the direction of specie payments,
with the Government in the front line.
llr. SUJINEii. Mr. President, as it is
understood that the Senate is to vote to day
011 the bill and all pendiug propositions, I seize
this moment to say a last word for the prop-
osition which I have had the honor of moving,
and which is now pending. But before I pro-
ceed with the discussion, allow me to say that
while sitting at my desk here I have received
expressions of opinion from different parts of
the country, one or two of which I will read.
For instance, here is a telegraphic dispatch
from a leading financial gentleman iu Chicago:
"Your views 011 currency question much approved
here. Authorize new bank circulation to extent
named, retiring greenbacks pari jmssu."
This is the very rule which I seek to estab-
lish.
At the same time I received a communica-
tion from Circleville, Ohio, dated January 25,
the first sentences of which I will read:
"Please pardon me for this intrusion. I desire to
ask, if you are willing to indicate, what will likely
be the result of your financial bill. I think X only
utter the sentiment of three fourths of all the com-
mercial men through our great and growing West
when I say it should become a law, and thereby
secure to us our equal share of the national banking
capital, which we now need so much."
This, again, is what I seek to accomplish.
At this stage, I hope I may have the indul-
gence of the Senate if I ask one moment's
consideration to the bill of the committee. On
a former occasion I ventured to say that it is
inadequate. The more I reflect upon it, the.
longer this debate is continued, the more I am
impressed with its inadequacy. It does not do
