1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
equally advantageous. During the five months
above mentioned there has been an import in
specie of $10,056,316 against $5,273,616 dur-
ing the same months last year, and an export
in specie of $18,201,875 against $21,599,758
during the same months last year. According
to these indubitable figures the tide of specie
as ell as of business is beginning to turn. It
remains for us by wise legislation to take ad-
vantage of the propitious moment. Take the
proper steps and you will have specie payments,
having which all the reat will follow. Because
I desire to secure this great boon for my coun-
try I now make this effort.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I propose
to say a few words upon the precise questions
before the Senate; and first, I refer to the
amendmentproposed by the Senatorfrom Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] While I do not
controvert the views that he has expressed, I
claim that his amendment ought not to be
incorporatediuto this bill upon thegronnd that it
wi 11 in all human probability defeat its passage.
The Senator says that this bill is inadequate
and incomplete, and therefore ought to be
amended, and the whole financial system of
the United States, including the refunding of
the public debt and the conversion of green-
backs into bank notes, should be embraced
within its provisions.
Now, sir, the Committee on Finance acknowl-
edge this to be an incomplete bill so far as the
finances are concerned. It is proposed as a
temporary measure of relief to certain portions
of the country, and it does not profess to settle
those great financial problems which the Sen-
ator has presented t,o the Senate. Now, is it
unusual in the Senate to bring forward a meas-
ure intended to produce a temporary effect?
Is it not usual in matters of revenue, both as
to the internal revenue and the tariff, and in
other similar legislation, to bring forward meas-
ures for a temporary purpose, and not attach
them to the great systems to which they be-
long ?
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
seems to be apprehensive that somebody will
rob him of the distinction of having suggested
the conversion of Treasury notes into bank
notes. I do not suppose that any member of
the Committee on Finance has any such desire;
and I am willing to concede if he desires it
that he did make this suggestion.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I desire
nothing for myself. I am making a sincere
effort to bring about specie payments; and
when I alluded to what 1 had done it was in
direct reply to what the Senator from Ohio
said the other day.
Sir. WILLIAMS. I understood the Sen-
ator to refer to the different bills that he had
introduced and to his speech for the purpose
of showing that he had originated this idea.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, not at all. I never
claimed that I originated it. I may or I may
not have done so; but I certainly have never
claimed that. What I said was in reply to the
Senator from Ohio; and if the Senator irom
Oregon will read the speech of the Senator
from Ohio' he will see that my speech was
directly responsive to that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I care nothing about that
matter. I misunderstood the Senator. I did
not hear what the Senator from Ohio said. Be
that as it may, however, I only wish to say
that there will be an ample opportunity for the
Senator to present the scheme which he has
proposed and to support it before the Senate
and the country without putting it upon this
bill, which, in my judgment, if it aoes not
defeat will greatly retard the passage through
Congress of this bill. Several bills similar to
the amendment proposed by the Senator have
heretofore been introduced by him. as he ac-
knowledges, and not adopted by Congress ; and
it is possible, if not probable, that Congress
may still adhere to the views it has already
expressed on that subject. .
I know that the West and the South desire
some relief in reference to circulation, and I
think that they have the power to obtain that
relief. I have inflexibly opposed a proposition
to take a portion of the circulation of New Eng-
land and transfer it to the West and South
"because I believed it to be unjust; but if the
Senators from Massachusetts—one of them in
a sort of way conceding that this measure is
just, and the other insisting upon amendments
that will defeat this proposition before the Sen-
ate and drive the West and the South to the old
measure—if they pursue that course I do not
know that I am bound to defend their condi-
tion, or to insist that this currency shall not
be withdrawn from the eastern States.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
has proposed another amendment to this sec-
tion, which is to increase the amount from
$45,000,000 to $52,000,000, on the ground, as
he alleges, that a contraction will result from
the conversion of the three per cent, certifi-
cates into bank notes. Assuming that the
entire circulation of the United States, without
intending to be precise, including the three per
cent, certificates, the Treasury notes, and the
bank notes, amounts to $700,000,000, it is
perfectly evident that if $7,000,000 more is
added it will amount to an expansion of the
currency. I do not propose to advocate a
contraction of the currency at this time, nor
will I agree to any expansion of the currency;
but I am willing that the exact amount of
$45,000,000 of three per cent, certificates may
be taken and converted into that exact amount
of bank notes, and so the volume of the cur-
rency will be preserved exactly as it is at this
time. Theoretically it may be that there would
be a contraction or withdrawal of some of the
Treasury notes from circulation by converting
the certificates into bank notes, but practically
the effect would be to increase the circulation
in those localities where the banks holding this
$45,000,000 may be established nearer to
$100,000,000 than it would be to $45,000,000.
Bills from other localities and other banks will
necessarily flow into these in the shape of
deposits and otherwise, so that the circulation
will he greatly increased beyond the amount
of $45,000,000.
I hope, therefore, that the amendment will
not be adopted; that Congress will not now,
when everybody professes to be in favor of a
resumption of specie payments, adopt this
amendment which must necessarily be con-
strued into an expansion of the volume of the
currency. - . . ,
Another amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator is to subtract from the eastern States and
those States that have an excess of circulation
$13,000,000 of currency, to be added to the
$45,000,000 the bill proposes to distribute
among the States of the South and West.
I have heretofore time and again given my
reasons to the Senate for opposing such a prop-
osition. I consider it wholly immaterial now
as to bow or at what time the banks of New
England obtained more than their due pro-
portion of circulation. Suffice it to say that
they received it from the hands of the Govern-
ment, and it has passed through those banks
into the business transactions of the country,
and it is not now a question between the Govern-
ment and those banks. But if those banks are
required to call in a circulation of $13,000,000
tliey must compel their debtors to pay that
amount to the banks; and this compulsory
proceeding will disturb if it does not paralyze
to a great extent the business of that portion
of the country. Suits must be commenced
against the debtors; their property will be
taken to pay the debts, and more mischief will
be produced by these proceedings than good
to any portion of the country. ^
I will not, however, take tune upon that
point. Sufficient has already been said by
other Senators in discussing the questions that
have been considered since the bill has been
before the Senate.
Objection has been made here to those pro-
visions of the bill which provide for banks upon
a coin basis, and I will briefly notice some of
those objections. One, made by the Senator
from Massachusetts, is that it introduces a
third kind of curreuey into the country. He
proposes a policy that will lead to the imme-
diate resumption of specie payments," and here
is a proposition that proposes to organize banks
upon a specie basis, banks that will pay their
bills npou presentation, and he objects to the
organization of such banks on the ground that
it will introduce another kind of currency into
the country. He referred to two currencies
now extant, but those currencies are exactly
alike in value; they pass indiscriminately
wherever they go; they may differ a very little
in appearance, but they are identically the same
currency for all practical purposes. I under-
stand the Senator to desire that such a policy
should be pursued on the part of Congress as
to bring these notes now in circulation up to
their par value in gold, and when that is accom-
plished, as I have no doubt it will be, then the
entire circulation of the country will be of equal
value and all redeemable in coin.
It is claimed here on all hands that it is
desirable to resume specie payments, that every
possible effort should be made to bring about
the time when banks of the country shall redeem
their notes in coin : and here is a measure pro-
posed by which the banks that may be organ-
ized under the provisions of this bill shall be
required to redeem their bills in coin, and
objection is made to it by those who seera so
anxious for the resumption of specie payments.
Whenever a proposition is brought forward
here that looks to the resumption of specie
payments, then objection is made to it, while
at the same time those objecting insist that it
is desirable to resume specie payments.
Another objection made is that the organiza-
tion of these banks will promote speculation.
Several Senators have expressed this appre-
hension, but no one has indicated the modus
operandi in which this speculation was to be
accomplished. How does it conduce to specu-
lation for banks to issue notes redeemable in
coin upon presentation. Can any Senator
suggest any way in which the circulation of
such notes will conduce to speculation? I know
that Senators may indulge in that apprehen-
sion, and so they may indulge in apprehension
as to any step in reference to the currency;
but it is another and a different thing to show
some way in which these banks will tend to
increase speculation in the country. I think
they would have exactly a contrary effect; for
the more banks you can have in the country
redeeming their notes in coin the less chances
there are for speculation, and the nearer the
value of the paper in circulation approximates
to the value of coin the less room there is for
speculation in currency.
The Senator from Indiana says thatit has been
suggested that they would constitute clearing-
houses. Suppose they do constitute clearing-
houses, what of it? What is a clearing-house?
I suppose a clearing-house to be a place where
bankers meet to exchange their drafts and to
settle their balances. Suppose it should so
happen that in a bank redeeming its notes in
coin bankers should meet to adjust and settle
their accounts, what of that? Does that show
in any way that these banks would conduce to
speculationin currency? Sir, the Senator might
as well have called these banks meeting-houses,
and there would have been just as much evi-
dence in that assertion that they ought not to
exist as there was in the assertion that they
would be clearing-houses.
Sir, it is an effort to stigmatize a measure
by giving it a bad name. People associate
the clearing-house of New York city in some
way with the speculations there m gold. But,
in the first place, there is nothing to show here
that these banks would be clearing-houses any
more than any other banks. I say that is au
entire assumption on the part of the benator.
In the second place, if it should so happen
