1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be convertible into coin, and it will familiarize
the people of the country with this system which
wo are trying to establish—a system of paper
circulation convertible into coin. Let the
people see this paper; let them use it: let
them understand its value, and gradually, bv
the development of the country and by the wise
provisions adopted by Congress, our inferior
currency will be brought up to the standard of
the currency provided for ia this bill, and we
shall resume specie payments and have a paper
circulation which will be at all times converti-
ble into coin.
Mr. MORTON. I shall trouble the Senate
but a few moments in replyto the Senatorfrom
Oregon, [Mr. Williams.] I will not go over
the ground again as to whether these gold coin
notes can be kept afloat; but I will reply to
the principal point made by the Senator, and
that is that these gold coin notes can be used in
payment as well as gold certificates. Now, sir,
when a certificate of deposit of gold in the
Treasury of the United States is taken to the
custom-house and is received there for cus-
toms, the gold is already in the Treasury of
the United States, because the certificate was
given dollar for dollar for gold deposited there.
But when a gold coin bank note is received for
customs the gold is not in the Treasury of the
United States, nor is it in the vaults of the
banks; only twenty-five per cent, of it is ia
the vaults of the banks.
Mr. CORBETT. Then there are bonds in
the Treasury.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator says there are
bonds in the Treasury. They do not furnish
the gold. The Treasury must have gold for
customs ] and therefore if the Treasury should
receive these gold notes they must go to the
banks and draw the gold out; and the banks, ac-
cording to the theory of the bill, -have only got
twenty-five per cent, of gold and they must go
out and buy the balance.
Now, sir, a few words ia regard to " despoil-
ing" New England. It seems to me the Sen-
ator from Oregon [Mr. Williams] occupies a
very singular position on this subject. He is
not interested, coming from the Pacific coast,
in the States of theNorthwestand Southhaving
enough currency. I think his speech shows
very clearly that he,is not interested in that.
As a member of the Finance Committee he
insists that there shall be just $45,000,000 and
not a dollar more. It is well understood that
$45,000,000 is but little more than one half the
amount required; and yet he insists that we
must be confined to $45,000,000.
He will not let us have any more from New
England or from the eastern States in excess.
He says that is "despoiling" them. We must
not take it from them. We must not take it
by retiring greenbacks. I agree with him about
that. But he is equally opposed to that; and
then he says we must not increase the amount
from $45,000,000 to $52,000,000 because that
is expansion. Sir, is it expansion 1
It was argued by the Senator from Oregon
[Mr. Oorbett] the other day that it was ex-
pansion, because he says the three per cent,
certificates held by the "banks as reserves are
also treated as deposits, and there is a reserve
for the deposits.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President 
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senator will
wait until I am through. That was his argu-
ment as reported in the Globe this morning,
that they were also deposits and there was a
reserve for the deposits. The Senator is mis-
taken about that. They are not put down as
deposits at all. I refer him simply to the
report of the Comptroller of the Currency,
where the three per cents, are put down in one
column as reserves and the deposits are put
down in another. They cannot be held as
deposit* and reserve at one and the same time.
That is not reasonable.
Now, Mr. President, on the subject of the
expansion or contraction of the currency allow
me to make one remark. When you issue
$45,000,000 of national bank currency anew
you must withdraw nearly seven million dollars
ot greenbacks for the reserve. The Senator
xrottt Oregon admits that theoretically it does
make contraction, I say it does actually and
positively, because you are bound to take out
of the circulation nearly seven million dollars
of greenbacks that were before in circulation,
if that does not make contraction what does
make contraction ? Bat Senators say we must
make up for that by the benefits of banking.
Vve are entitled to those benefits independent
of tiiat; but that does not meet the positive
fact that for $45,000,000 of new bank notes
you must take nearly seven million dollars of
greenbacks now in circulation and lock them
up in the_ vaults of the banks; so that the con-
traction is positive and absolute, and cannot
be overcome by saying that we must take tha
benefits of banking in lieu of it.
The remark was made yesterday by the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] that
when these three per cents, were issued it was
an expansion of the currency ; to use his own
language it was a fraud, but the fraud was not
known at the time. The Senator was clearly
mistaken. When the three per cents, were
issued it was not an expansion. They were
issued in lieu of that many compound-interest
notes; and the compound-interest notes being
legal tenders were held by the banks as re-
serve, and stood in the place of the ordinary
legal tenders. The compound-interest notes
performed the same office that the three per
cents, performed. Theywereheldbythebanks
as reserve instead of legal tenders; and when
they became due and had to be paid the Gov-
ernment had not the money to pay them; but it
issued three per cent, certificates, legal tenders,
and they were taken and held as the bank
reserves. So the account was kept just even.
But, sir, how is the fact? Since the 30th of
June, 1808, $26,000,000 of three per cents,
have been retired. There has been an actual
contraction of the currency, since the 80th of
June, 1868, of $26,000,000 by the retirement
of three per cents. The currency has been con-
tracted $26,000,000, and we hardly knew what
was the matter. There has been increasing strin-
gency ; there has been a growing tightness of
the money market both East and W est, but it was
hardly known that it was brought about by the
retirement of $26,000,000 of three per cents.—
an actual contraction of the currency to that
amount, because legal tenders had to flow into
the banks and take their place.. Sir, there has,
been contraction, and this contraction will be
increased to the amount of $7,000,000 if this
bill shall pass in its present form. I want no
contraction; I want no expansion; I am will-
ing that the currency shall stand as it is. But,
sir, the people, in one respect have been
imposed upon, because while they have been
denying the policy of contraction all over this
country, it has been going on to the amount of
$20,000,000. Now it is proposed that it shall
go on to the amount of $7,000,000 more, and
we are to take the benefits of banking in lieu
of it. That is the argument.
I was somewhat surprised when I heard the
statement made yesterday that the issue of the
three per cents, was an expansion of the cur-
rency. Why, sir, it is familiar to the members
ofthe Senate that when those bills were passed,
it was to make provision for taking up the com-
pound-interest notes that were at that time held
by the banks as a reserve. The compound-
interest notes went out of the banks. They
were taken up. The three per cents, went in.
and now the three per cents, are to go out, and
we are to take in lieu $45,000,000 of national
bank notes that will require a contraction or
the absorption of §7,000,000 of legal-tender
reserves.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to suggest to
the Senator from Indiana that in all the
cities called the cities of redemption, like Mew
Orleans, St. Louis, Richmond, and Charles-
ton, twenty-five per cent, of reserve 1brequired.
Those cities I mention especially; but 1 desire
to call the attention of the Senator to the .fact
that the cities of New York, Philadelphia,
Boston, and Cincinnati, aa well as Chicago
and St. Louis, are in the same category. The
banks of the first four-mentioned cities, how-
ever, where most of this currency is to go, fire
by law required to keep a reserve of twenty-
five per cent., which would make $11,250,000
of reserve and contraction, $4,000,000 more
than the $7,000,000 be mentions.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator is quite right.
My estimate was under instead of being over.
I stand corrected, because in those large citie 
the reserve is twenty-five per cent., not fif-
teen. I was counting fifteen per cent, upor
$45,000,000.
Mr. CORBETT. Then the reserve is greatei
in those cities, and consequently, if issued to
smaller places, it would expand the currency.
Mr. MORTON. It is because the reserve ia
greater that the contraction will he increased.
That is the precise reason.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that it is
proposed to extend these banks to the south-
ern country, where the probability is they will
only have to retain fifteen per cent, in the
smaller places, and in the large places they
now have to retain twenty-five per cent. There-
fore it will let loose a larger amount of cur-
rency, and it will be an expansion to the extent
of $4,000,000, even upon the Senator's own
basis,
Mr. KELLOGG. I only desire to suggest,
with the leave of the Senator from Indiana,
that so far as the South is concerned, the three
great cities of Richmond, Charleston, and New
Orleans will come emphatically under that
provision which I mentioned a moment ago.
All the currency of the throe great States of
South Carolina, Virginia, and Louisiana is
concentrated in those cities. New Orleans is
the largest export city on this continent, and
exports more this year than the whole produc-
ing value of the State of Rhode Island.
Mr. MORTON. I am much obliged to the
Senator from Louisiana for calling my atten-
tion to that fact. Another Senator has placed
in my hand a copy of the law setting forth the
names of the cities in which twenty-five per
cent, is to be reserved, including the western
cities of Louisville, Chicago, Cincinnati, Cleve-
land ; and southern cities, such as New Orleans
and others. I mention theso as cities where
the twenty-five per cent, is to be reserved in-
stead of the fifteen. My calculation was simply
based upon the fifteen per cent. Thus it will bo
seen that the contraction of the currency will
be even greater than the calculation I had before
made. But outside of that, as I was saying,
contraction has been going on before the intro-
duction of this bill to the amount of $2G,000,-
000, against the wishes and against the inter-
ests of the people of this country ; and now it
is deliberately proposed that that contraction
shall go on to the amount of eight or nine mil-
lion dollars more, and we are to take the ben-
efits of banking in lieu of it.
Now, Mr. President, what arc we to do ?
Here is a half-way measure, confessedly a half-
way measure; but Senators say, " We will do
better by you after awhile." We are to he
treated exactly like wards. " Be good, be pa-
tient, and you will have more after awhile. We
will give you $45,000,000 nowjjbe patient and
show yourselves gentle and amiable, and next
winter we will give you more ;" when we know
now just as well as we shall know next winter
that we want more. Why not give it to us now'!
We know very well that if it is not given to us
in this bill we shall not get it. But we are askea
to accept a half-way measure when there is no
reason fornot now making it a whole measure.
Why is it to be done piecemeal ? There is not
a Senator on this floor but what has admitted
that we shall want more in a year or two.
