944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
in line seventeen of section one, to insert after
the word "apportionment" the words "of the
§52,000,000 of circulating notes hereby author-
ized;" so that the apportionment under the
census of 1870 will be not anew of all bank cir-
culation, but simply of this circulation which
we are providing now. I understand from the
chairman of the committee that that is the
design of the bill now. This is only to make it
a little more definite.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question now is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] pend-
ing which the Senator from New York moves to
perfect the first section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that it be read as it
now stands, and as it will be if amended as the
Senator from New York proposes. I think it
stands better now than it would if that amend-
ment were adopted, though the meaning is the
same.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the part of the section as it
stands in the bill, and then as it would be if
amended on the motion of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. SHERMAN. With reference to the
date of the law in the bill it is erroneous. It
should be June 3, 1864. The Senator from
New York called my attention to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be cor-
rected if there be no objection. The Secretary
will now report the latter part of the section.
The Chief Cleric. It now stands in the bill:
But a now apportionment shall be made as soon
as practicable, based upon the census of 1870.
If amended as proposed by the Senator from
New York the clause will read:
But a now apportionment of the $52,000,000 of cir-
culating notes hereby authorized shall be made as
soon as practicable, based upon the ccnsus of 1870.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
Y ork.
. Mr. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Would it be in order
under the understanding to allow an explana-
tion of the amendment? I should like to liearit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be done
by unanimous consent, of course.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to reopen
the debate.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall be very glad_ to
explain it if I am in order ; but I_do not wish
to "volunteer. I wish to know if I shall be
within the understanding if I inquire of the
chairman whether I understood him aright in
saying that the design of the committee was to
have the bill mean precisely what this amend-
ment is? If so, certainly there can be no
objection to making it more certain where it
is ambiguous.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
answer any question that any Senator puts to
me ; but I do not wish to open the debate. I
have stated to the Senator that I have no doubt
that all the apportionment here meant is the
apportionment of the $52,000,000.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, what objection can
there be to saying so ?
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 37 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Boreman, Buckingham,
Cameron, Chandler. Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragm,
Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Hamlin. Morrill ot Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
llice, Feott, Stewart, Sumner, and Wilson—23.
iNAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Jirownlow, Car-
penter, Casserly. Davis, Drake, llaiflilton, llarlan,
Harris, Howe, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg, McCreery,
McDonald, Morton, Norton, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Robertson, Ross. Saulsbury. Sawyer, fechurz, Sher-
man. Spencer, Stockton, Thayer, 1'hurman. iip-
ton, Trumbull, Viekers, Warner, Willey, and Wil-
ABSBNT—Messrs. Cattell, Fowler, Gilbert, How-
ard, Lewis, "Nye, Sprague, and Yates—8.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONKLING. I now move to amend
the bill by striking out the words which I sought
to amend. I move to strike out the words
" but a new apportionment shall be made as
soon as practicable, based upon the census of
1870." I ask for the yeas and nays upon this
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 44: as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Cole, Conkling, Cragin, Edmunds, lenton, Ferry,
Hamlin, Howe, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson,
Scott, Sumner, and Wilson—10.
NAYS—Messis. Abbott, Bayard, Brownlon% Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Casserly, Corbett, Davis, Brake,
Fowler, Hamilton, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howell,
Johnston, McCreery, McDonald, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Norton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Ross. Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton,
Thayor, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, War-
ner, Willey, and Williams—44.
ABSENT—Messrs.Cattell, Chandler, Gilbert, Ivel-
logg, Lewis, Nye, Sprague, and Yates—8.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Is it in order now to
move to amend by adding an additional section?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not at the
present time, until the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mi-. Sumner] to
strike out the first and second sections ot the
bill has been disposed of. The amendments
acted upon have been amendments to perfect
those sections.
Mr. MORTON. Is it in order to offer the
amendment of which I gave notice, to insert
additional sections?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not at pres-
ent. The question now recurs on the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts to strike
out the first two sections of this bill and to
insert a substitute.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the amendment be
reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the proposed amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out the first and second sections
of the bill, and to insert in lieu thereof the
following:
That tho present limit of $300,000,000 as the aggre-
gate amount of issues of circulating notes by national
banks be, and the same is heroby, oxtendod so that
the aggregate amount issued and to bo issued may
amount to but shall not exceed $o00,000,000; and
the additional issue hereby authorized shall be so
distributed, if demanded, as to give to eacn Sfjitc
and Territory its just proportion of the whole amount
of circulating notes according to population, subject
to all tho provisions of law authorizing national
banks: Provided. That for each dollar of additional
currency issued under tho provisions of this act there
shall bo withdrawn and canceled one dollar of legal-
tender issues.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section to the
bill:
And be it farther enacted, That the sixth section of
tho act approved March 3,1865, enfcitlod An act to
amend an act entitled 4 An act to provide internal
revenue to support tho Government, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes, ap-
proved June 30, 1864," be, and the same is heroby.
repealed.
I wish to remark that the sixth section of
the act of 1865, which this amendment pro-
poses to repeal, provides for a tax of ten^ per
cent, upon the issues of State banks. 1 his
is a simple proposition to strike that provision
ont of the existing law. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—'yeas 18, nays 42 ; as iollows :
YFiAS—Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Casserly, Cra- j
p:in, Davip, J?crry, Hamilton, Johnston, McCreeiy, <
Norton, Pool, Robertson, Saulsbury, Bpencor, btock-
ton, Thurman, Viekers, and Wilson—18.
NAYS —Messrs*. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Corbett, Drake, Edmunds, denton, Hamlin, Harlan,
Harris, Howard, Howe, Howell, Kellogg, McDon-
ald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morion,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, liamsey, Kice,
lloss, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, She-nan, btcwart,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,Trumbul1 ■ uruer, Willey,
and Williams—42. , „ ,, „ ,, ,
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham, Cattell, lowler,
Gilbert, Lewis, Nye, Sprague, and Yatos—b.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORTON. I now offer _ the following
amendment as an additional section to the bill:
And ba it further enacted, That to secure a bettor
distribution of the national banking currency there
may be issued circulation notes to banking associ-
ations organized in States and Territories having a
less banking circulation than their pro-rata, share,
as herein set forth. And the circulation in tliis# sec-
tion authorized shall within ono year, if required,
lo withdrawn, as herein provided, from banks or-
ganized in States having a circulation exceeding that
provided for by the act entitled "An act to ainend
an act entitled 'An act to provide for a national
banking currency secured by pledge of United States
bonds,und to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof'/" approved March 3, 1865: but the
amount to be so withdrawn shall not exceed $13,000,-
000. The Comptroller of the Currency shall, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, make
a statement showing the amount of circulation in
each State, and the amount to be retired by ©&eh
bank, in accordaneo with this section, and# shall,
when circulation is required, make a requisition fbr
such amount upon such banks, commencing with tho
banks having a circulation exceeding $1,000,000 in
States having an excess of circulation, and with-
drawing ono third of their circulation in excess of
$1,000,000, and then proceeding prorata with banks
having a circulation excoeding $100,000 m States
having tho largest oxcess of circulation, and re-
ducing tho circulation of banks in States havmg
the greatest proportion in excess, leaving undis-
turbed the banks m States having a smaller pro-
portion. until those in greater excess have been
reduced to the same grade, and eontinumg thus to
make the reduction provided for by this act until
the full amount of $13,000,000 herein provided for
shall be withdrawn; and tho circulation so with-
drawn shall be distributed amongthe States and Ter-
ritories having less than their proportion, and so
as to equalize the distribution of such circulation
among such States and Territories upon the basis
provided by law. And upon failure of such bank
to return the amount so required within ninety
days after said requisition, it shall bo the duty
of tho Comptroller of the Currency to sell at public
auction, having given twenty days' notice in a
nowspaper published in Washington city and New
York city, an amount of bonds deposited by said
bank as security for its circulation equal to the cir-
culation to be withdrawn from such bank, and with
the proceeds to redeem so many of the notes of
such bank, as they come into the Treasury, as will
equal the amount required from it, and shall pay the
balance to such bank: Provided, That no circulation
shall bo withdrawn from States having an oxcess
until after the $52,000,000 granted in the first section
have been taken up.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word "thirteen''
where it occurs and inserting "twenty-five."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. Upon that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 27 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Brownlow, Car-
penter, Casserly, Cole, Davis, Fowler, Hamilton,
Uarlan, Ilarris, Howe, Howell, Johnston, Kellogg,
McCreery, McDonald, Morton, Norton, Osborn,
Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Bice, Robertson, Saulsbuiy,
Sawyer, Snencer, Stockton, Tliayer, TQurman,
Tipton, Viekers, and Wilson—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Boreman, Buckingham,
Cameron, Chandler, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin,
Drake, Edmunds, denton, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamlin,
Howard, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Sum-
ner. Trumbull. Warner, Willey, and Wilhams--27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell,, Lewis, Nye, Ross,
Schurz, Sprague, and Yates—7.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I now move to amend the
bill by striking out sections three, four, and
five. I make this motion because I fear those
sections will embarrass the portion of the
measure calculated to give aid to that portion
of the country, the South and West, that most
needs this currency. On this amendment I ask
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. NORTON. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana whether he understands
that there has been an additional section already-
adopted in committee?
Mr. KELLOGG. I remember there was an
additional section adopted.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is it in order to amend
i the motion of the Senator from Louisiana?
j The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be to
! perfect the sections.
i Mr. CHANDLER. I then move to add the
| first and second sections of the bill to the Sen-
ator's motion.
! Mr. KELLOGG. As there seems to bo a
