
in at double-quick; Colonel Lane's nest, and then Field's were in like manner and with equal spirit thrown forward on the enemy, killing many and driving the rest down the precipitous banks into the river. The have ever witnessed.

Too much praise cannot be awarded to officers and men for their conduct. The litter corps in this, as in all the battles, has displayed as much valor as any troops in the field. Lieutenant Shelby, commanding that corps, displayed his usual gallantry, remaining under fire in the discharge of his duty after [receiving] a severe wound until ordered off the field. Captain Archer and Lieutenants Thomas and Lemmon, of my staff, rendered valuable and efficient assistance. We held our position until dark, when we returned to camp and took up our line of march the same night toward Martinsburg.

The regiments were commanded as follows: First Tennessee, Colonel Turney; Fourteenth [Tennessee], Lieutenant-Colonel Lockert; Seventh Tennessee, Lieutenant Howard, adjutant; Nineteenth Georgia, Captain F. M. Johnston.

The loss of the brigade wa 6 killed and 49 wounded.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. ARCHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major R. C. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, A. P. Hill's Light Division.

Numbers 283. Report of Captain F. M. Johnston, Nineteenth Georgia Infantry, of operations August 16-September 21.

NOVEMBER 17, 1862.

August 16, 1862.-Assumed command of regiment; same day marched to Locust Grove; bivouacked three days. Resumed the march on 20th Junction on 26th ultimo; same day was engaged with the enemy. Destroyed railroad bridge over Bull Run. Returned to the Junction same night.

August 27.-Marched to Centreville, and from thence across Bull Run; supported Purcell Battery same evening, and moved down to railroad cut that night.

August 28.-Supported Braxton's battery in forenoon; marched to railroad cut in evening, and engaged the enemy until dark, retaining possession of the cut.

August 29.-Moved to the left of our position on Yesterday; engaged the enemy during the day, and advanced with Generals Pender's and Thomas' brigades in the evening, capturing the enemy's guns, &amp;c.

August 30.-Marched toward Fairfax Court-House.

August 31.-Stationed on the left of division, and moved up to battlefield same night.

September 2.-Resumed the march, and on 4th ultimo turned over the command to Major J. H. Neal.

September 18.-Resumed command of regiment; recrossed the Potomac morning of 19th.

