
in the canal on the opposite side. We were exposed all day to a tremendous fire of artillery, and also to the fire of their sharpshooters.

In conclusion, I would beg leave to bring to the notice of the major-general the distinguished gallantry and efficiency of First Lieutenant R. H. Brewer, volunteer aide on my staff, whom I recommend for promotion. I would also beg leave to mention the names of a few whose actions entitle them to notice. In the Twenty-second the list will be rather long, as it is upon it and its commander that I usually call when any special and dangerous services are to be performed. maj. C. C. Cole, commanding Twenty-second, always acts with coolness, courage, and skill. Captain [J. M.] Odell, acting field officer, has invariably behaved in a highly commendable manner. Captain George A. Graves, Twenty-second, is mentioned for great gallantry, and for having remained with his company even while very sick. Second Lieutenant David Edwards, of the same regiment, at manassas, with the help of two men, rushed ahead of their regiment, at Manassas, with the help of two men, rushed ahead of their regiment and captured a piece of artillery when it was on the eve of escaping, having a hand-to-hand engagement with the enemy. At Harper's Ferry he also acted in such a manner as to be particularly noticed. Sergeant Oxford, Of Company H, Twenty-second, is mentioned for great daring and coolness at Shepherdstown. Sergt. Jesse H. Pinkerton is mentioned as always going ahead with the colors, and by his undaunted courage encouraging others. He is a young man, and mentioned for promotion. Captain Stowe, commanding Sixteenth North Carolina at manassas Junction, the two days' fighting at Manassas, and at Ox Hill until wounded, behaved with great credit to himself. Lieutenant-Colonel Stowe, commanding Sixteenth North Carolina at Shepherdstown, Harper's Ferry, and Sharpsburg, behaved with great gallantry. Second Lieutenant John B. Ford, of the same regiment, attracted my attention for his good demeanor in all the battles. Captain Asford, commanding Thirty-eighth North Carolina at Manassas Junction and at Manassas, where he was wounded, has entitled himself to notice as well as promotion by his uniform bravery and good conduct. Lieutenants [A. J.] Brown and [J. M.] Robinson, also of the same regiment, have attracted my attention more than once, as also Adjutant [D. M.] McIntire. There are others, too numerous to mention, who have escaped my memory at this hour.

The list of casualties is as follows:

Engagements.	 Killed.	 Wounded.

Near Warrenton Springs,	 1	 3

August 20

Manassas Junction, August 27	 1	 3

Manassas, August 29 and 30	 12	 145

Ox Hill, September 1	 12	 46

Harper's Ferry, September 14	 2	 20

and 15

Sharpsburg, September 17 and	 2	 28

18

Shepherdstown, September 20	 8	 55

Total	 38	 300

[W. D. PENDER,

Brigadier-General.]

