
to a cross-fire of the enemy's heavy guns on our right, I moved the battery back and took position on a ridge, so as to command the woods in case our infantry should be compelled to abandon it. Having reported to General Jackson, I was directed to make a reconnaissance along the road to see position occupied by the First and Second Brigades during the night. I found no infantry here, but a gap of some 200 or 300 yards in our line. Two guns were immediately put in position and fire opened directly to the front on the enemy's line of battle; but soon our infantry on the right fell back, and the enemy advancing along our flank, I withdrew my guns, having no support whatever. Subsequently, when the enemy wa forced to fall back, I was directed to report to General Stuart on the extreme left, and with other guns kept up an advancing fire on the retreating enemy until he found shelter under a number of reserve batteries.

Here several of my men were wounded, and a large proportion of the horses of two of the pieces killed or wounded, rendering the pieces unserviceable. They were at once sent to the rear.

Later in the day I was ordered, with my only remaining piece, to report to General Stuart on the left. Along with six or eight other guns, under the direction of major Pelham, an attempt was made to dislodge the enemy's batteries, but failed completely, being silenced in fifteen or twenty minutes by a most terrific fire from a number of the enemy's batteries.

The following list exhibits the casualties sustained by the battery:* 1 officer and 5 privates wounded, 14 horses killed and wounded, and 3 limber-chests and 1 wheel badly damaged.

All the men and officers acquitted themselves most admirably. I cannot avoid entertaining a feeling of pride in having the command of such men.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. T. POAGUE,

Captain Rockbridge Artillery.

Lieutenant THOMAS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 289. Report of Major H. J. Williams, Fifth Virginia Infantry, commanding Winder's brigade, of operations September 1-19.

JANUARY 15, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In the absence of more competent officers, I have the honor to submit the following note of the operations of Winder's brigade between September 1 and 19, 1862:

September 1, Winder's brigade, Colonel A. J. Grigsby commanding, was thrown into line of battle near Chantilly (the residence of Turberville Stewart, esq.), and marched forward in supporting distance of Starke's brigade to Ox Hill, a densely-wooded crest overlooking the little village of Germantown. At this point the troops in front were moved by the right flank, the first Brigade moving forward to the extreme left of the new line of battle and at right angles with the Little River turnpike.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

