
This position it occupied throughout the engagement, nothing occurring worthy of particular note. About 5 p. m. the enemy approached, as wee as could be ascertained, to within some 300 yards of our immediate front, apparently with the design of attacking our battery upon the left. After a brisk fire of a few minutes' duration, the enemy retired. The brigade sustained no loss, although subjected for a while to artillery fire and occasional musketry, mostly, however, at long range. Later in the evening, about 20 of the enemy's skirmishers, who seemed bewildered by the thunder, lightning, and rain, which fell in torrents, approached our line, were captured, and sent to the rear. At nightfall the brigade was relieved and marched a mile to the rear for the night.

At 10 a. m. the following morning, the brigade moved to a position in the wood along the dirt road leading from Little River pike to the leesburg and Alexandria pike, picketing about three-quarters of a mile to the front.

On the morning of September 4, marched in the direction of Leesburg, crossing the Loudoun and Hampshire Railroad at Vienna, and striking the Leesburg and Alexandria pike at Dranesville, encamping for the night 1 mile from the village.

September 5, marched through Leesburg to Big Springs, a mile from the town.

September 6, crossed the potomac in excellent order and high spirits, following the Monocacy road, crossing the river of the same name, and encamped within 7 miles of Frederick City, Md.

Entered Frederick September 7, and encamped about 2 miles from the city, on the Emmittsburg road. Our short sojourn in the land of promise wrought a salutary change in the general appearance and condition of the troops. The ragged were clad, the shoreless hod, and the inner man rejoiced by a number and variety of delicacies to which it had been a stranger for long, long weary months before.

Broke camp at sunrise September 11, and marched to Boonsborough.

On the 12th, recrossed the Potomac at Williamsport, and encamped near north Mountain Depot, Berkeley County, Virginia.

On the 13th, marched to Martinsburg, halted two hours, and moved toward Harper's Ferry, the Second Regiment, Captain Colston commanding, having been detached as provost guard, remaining in town; encamped for the night within sight of the enemy's tents.

On the morning of the 14th, the brigade was ordered to secure a commanding ridge to the left of Bolivar Heights for the effective working of our artillery. Upon our approach the enemy's cavalry retired rapidly, and the hill from which Poague's and Carpenter's batteries did such admirable execution, contributing so largely to the demoralization of the enemy, was secured without difficulty. During the remainder of the day the brigade rested in rear of the batteries under a brisk artillery fire. After dark our lines were advanced to within half a mile of the fire. After dark our lines were advanced to within half a mile of the heights, and disposition on the part of both officers and men which characterized this forward movement, seemingly to the assault of a position strong by nature, and rendered doubly so by art, was in the highest degree commendable.

On the morning of the 15th the garrison surrendered, to the delight of the soldiers and the disgust of Jackson's division, marched back to their encampment of the night previous, to cook rations and prepare for the march to join General Longstreet's corps, near Sharpsburg, Md. This march was begun at 2 a. m. September 16, crossing the Potomac at

