
availed to restore order and reform the commands. General Early coming up with his brigade at this juncture, we formed upon his right and advanced again into, the open field for a short distance, when we were transferred to his left, forming a diagonal line, the left occupying a hollow in the edge of a wood, maintaining a desultory firing throughout the whole time. From this position, the division, in line with Early's brigade, retired 100 yards to a barn and stack-yard and along a ledge of rocks, where we held a large force of of the enemy in check for upward of an hour, inflicting heavy loss upon him, with little damage to ourselves. The long looked for re-enforcements coming to our aid at this point, the enemy was handsomely charged and driven in confusion for a half mile, leaving scores of killed, wounded, and prisoners in our hands.

Returning to the barn above referred to, about the middle of the day the brigade was relieved and ordered to a grove to supply themselves with ammunition and provisions, by this time entirely exhausted. Here we remained until 5 p. m., when we marched to the support of a battery on a hill in rear of our late line. Night put an end to one of the most sanguinary conflicts which history will have to record, and the tired soldiers sank to rest.

The brigade went into the fight with about 250 muskets, and nobly sustained the reputation of heroism and devotion accorded to it by the country.

When the extraordinary march from the Rappahannock to Sharpsburg, with its attendant circumstances, its sleepless nights and harassing marches, its bloody battles and heavy losses, in all of which the "Old Stonewall" bore a conspicuous part, is carefully considered, the melancholy decrease in number will not appear surprising.

The regiments of the brigade were commanded, respectively, by Lieutenant-Colonel Gardner, Fourth Virginia; Major H. J. Williams, Fifth Virginia; Captain Frank C. Wilson, Twenty-seventh Virginia, and Captain Golladay, and afterward Adjutant Walton, Thirty-third Virginia, the Second (Captain Colston) being on detached duty at Martinsburg.

It is impossible, from the length of time which has elapsed, even of it were appropriate for me, to mention the individual acts of gallantry which marked the progress of the fight.

Lieutenant James M. Garnett, brigade ordnance officer and acting aide-de-camp, and Orderlies Cox and Stickley, the latter of whom was severely wounded early in the day, rendered indispensable services to Colonel Grigsby throughout the whole trying time.

The full list of casualties, as found in the reports of the regimental and battery commanders, accompanies this report.

Very respectfully,

H. J. WILLIAMS,

Major, Commanding Fifth Virginia Infantry.

Captain W. T. TALIAFERRO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Casualties.

 Killed. 	 Wounded.	 Total.

Officers	 1	 6	 7

Privates	 10	 71	 81

Total	 11	 77	 88

