
Numbers 290. Report of Captain F. C Wilson, Twenty-seventh Virginia Infantry, of the battle of Sharpsburg.

---- --, 1862.

SIR: I have to honor to report the following as the part taken in the action near Sharpsburg by the Twenty-seventh Regiment Virginia Volunteers:

After remaining all day in reserve, we were marched to the extreme left of the brigade and placed in position in an open field, supporting Captain Poague's battery, placed in our front. We were ordered to lie flat down, to escape the shells which then commenced passing over us immediate front to engage our skirmishers. Shortly after dark the firing ceased, and we occupied our position during the night.

At daylight the firing again commenced on our right, and in a short time our own skirmishers became engaged and withdrew, allowing the enemy to approach within sight, when we opened fire, causing them to retire. We were then ordered to fall back upon our supports. The regiment was then reformed in the edge of the woods, and again ordered to right of the Forty-ninth Virginia. A charge was made by the forces. Then, a fresh regiment coming to the enemy's support, we were ordered to retire behind the crest of a little hill and take position on the left of Colonel Smith's troops. Then we were ordered sill farther back to a position near a barn and straw-stack. Here the fighting was most severe, and many men fell, bravely doing their duty. Here we maintained our position, being stoutly supported by some fresh troops.*

Respectfully,

FRANK C. WILSON,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-seventh Regiment Virginia Vols.

Lieutenant W. H. THOMAS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 291. Report of Colonel Leroy A. Stafford, Ninth Louisiana Infantry, commanding Starke's brigade, of operations August 31-October 5.

CAMP NEAR PORT ROYAL, VA.,

January 21, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to submit the following report:

The brigade, consisting [of the] First, Second, Ninth, Tenth, and Fifteenth, and Coppens' battalion Louisiana Volunteers, reported near Gordonsville on our about August 12, 1862, and was assigned to duty in the division of Major Gen T. J. Jackson.+

* * * *

On the 31st we took up the line of march, and on September 1, at Chantilly, we again met the enemy and repulsed them. We resumed our line or march; passed through Dranesville, Leesburg, and crossed the Potomac on September 5. Passed through Frederick City, Md.; encamped 2 miles beyond. Recrossed the Potomac on September 11 at

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties reports 3 men killed and 1 officer and 4 men wounded.

+Portion of report here omitted is printed in Series I, Vol XII. Part II, pp. 669, 669.

---------------

