
was severely wounded by a Minie-ball, which passed through his chest, while gallantly leading his regiment in the first charge.

Lieutenant Colonel M. Nolan, of the First Louisiana, though painfully wounded in the leg, remained at his post during the fight, commanding his regiment with coolness and bravery.

The Tenth Louisiana was commanded in the engagement by Captain Henry D. Monier, who faithfully discharged the duty devolved upon him.

It is a noteworthy fact that not a single field officer in the brigade who was on duty that day escaped untouched. I was so fortunate as to escape with only a slight contusion of the ankle from a spherical-case shot, which passed between my feet. When all did their duty so heroically i would seem almost invidious to mention particular names, but on some other occasion which shall seem opportune it will give me pleasure to mention the names of those officers who merit special notice. A list of the casualties* in the different regiments composing this brigade has been heretofore furnished.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMD. PENDLETON,

Colonel Fifteenth Louisiana Regiment, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant MANN PAGE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Jackson's Corps.

Numbers 293. Report of Major General Daniel H. Hill, C. S. Army, commanding division, of operations July 23-September 17.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,
-----

--, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the operations of my command from the battles around Richmond until after the battle of Sharpsburg.

On July 23, I was detached from my division and placed in charge of the Department of the South Side, extending from Drewry's Bluff of the South Carolina line. As McClellan was then at Westover, on the James, some 30 miles from Richmond, and it was thought that he might attempt an advance by the south side, my first attention was given to the defenses in that direction. Heavy details were made from the division and two brigades near the bluff, to complete a line of entrenchments around it, and controlling the Petersburg road. not a spadeful of earth had been thrown up about Petersburg, and it was in a wholly defenseless condition. A system of fortifications was begun (which subsequently met the approval of the chief engineer, Colonel J. F Gilmer, C. S. Army), and the brigades of Ransom, Walker, and Daniel were put to work on it. About 1,000 negroes were procured (chiefly from North Carolina) and employed in like manner. Pontoon bridges were constructed at several points, to make the connection rapid and secure between the two positions to be secured. The defenses of the Appomattox were also strengthened, and a movable car planned and ordered, to prevent a landing at City Point. An effort was made to organize and make efficient the numerous independent companies in the department, which had been of but little use and much expense to the country. A

---------------

*Embodied in tabular statement, p. 813.

---------------

