
The Second North Carolina, after the death of the gallant and accomplished Tew, was commanded by Captain [G. M.] Roberts, since resigned. The Thirtieth North Carolina, after the fall of its gallant colonel., was commanded by Major Sillers, a brave and meritorious officer. I much regret that the officers of these two regiments have declined to present the names of those specially distinguished for coolness and courage. The Thirteenth North Carolina, under Lieutenant-Colonel Ruffin, greatly distinguished itself at South Mountain. I regret that I have no report from that heroic officer, now absent, sick. He of the, however, spoke of the great gallantry of Sergt. Walter S. Williamson.

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

General R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 294. Report of Captain Thomas H. Carter, commanding King William (Virginia) Artillery, of the battle of Sharpsburg.

OCTOBER 14, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from General Rodes, I herewith forward and account of the part taken by my battery in the Sharpsburg engagement:

The battery consisted of five pieces, posted as follows: Two howitzers on the left of Rodes' brigade, two 6-pounders in front of Garland's brigade, and one Parrott piece a short distance to the left. When the battle commenced on the left, at the point of woods, three pieces were brought to bear on the enemy, and the firing kept up until our infantry entered the woods. Soon after, the enemy appeared in line of battle on the open field to the left of the woods and of the hagerstown road. This division was then ordered to the left. I considered it unsafe to keep the battery so far in advance without infantry support, and subject to an artillery fire in reverse from left and right when it should open. General Rodes concurred with me, and ordered the three long-range pieces to some good position in the rear and within supporting distance of the brigade, and the two howitzers to some point immediately in rear of the brigade. Having no definite knowledge of the position for the howitzers, and some confusion occurring in consequence of some horses being killed, I determined to take the whole battery across the Hagerstown road on the eminence to the left, where it could command any position taken by the division, whether in the direction of the burning house or toward the line of the enemy, then on the open field to the left of the hagerstown road. To cross the two stone walls of this road it was necessary to follow the lane nearly to the outskirts of the village. On my way I met General Lee. He seemed to fear that the whole left wing, then hard pressed and losing ground, would be turned, and that the enemy would gain possession of the range of hills some three-quarters of a mile to the left of Sharpsburg. He ordered me to this ground, with all the artillery that could be collected, to prevent this movement. Having communicated with Major Pierson, several batteries were gathered together on this part of the field. General Lee soon arrived there, in person. Heavy re-enforcements had, by this time, come to the relief of the left wing, and the enemy was forced back. I now received an order

