
from General Rodes to plant my battery on the left of the Hagerstown road, near the Donaldsonville Artillery. With the consent of General Lee, i at once moved my battery to this point. On reaching it, I found several batteries engaged in driving off a Yankee battery posted near the spot occupied in the morning by my two howitzers. my battery at once took part in this fire, and continued firing until the battery was withdrawn. There was at this time a pause in the engagement.

The next movement of the enemy was the advance of a heavy column on the extreme right, bearing down on what I supposed to have been the right wing of A. P. Hill's divisions. Our troops gave way entirely before this column. With three pieces of my battery, aided by two of Lieutenant Elliott's, this column was shattered and driven back without the assistance, so far as I know, of any infantry whatever. Generals D. H. Hill and Rodes both witnessed this firing. Soon after, Colonel Stephen D. Lee requested me to post my battery on the hill in front of Sharpsburg, and to open on the enemy to the right, then contending with A. P. Hill. I moved the battery to this place, but before it took position found it untenable from a heavy reverse artillery fire, and, by the advice of Colonel Lee, removed it. The evening was now closing in, and the engagement was conducted to its close by General A. P. Hill, on the extreme right.

At dark General Lee sent for me, as I was about the encamp in rear of the village, and ordered me to guard the brigade across Antietam Creek by posting my battery near the turnpike and on the crest in front of Sharpsburg.

I have to report 1 private killed, junior First Lieutenant Dabney mortally wounded (since dead), 3 wounded, and 1 missing; total 6.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS, H. CARTER,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Captain H. A. WHITING,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Brigadier-General Rodes.

Numbers 295. Report of Brigadier General Roswell S. Ripley, C. S. Army, commanding brigade of the battles of Boonsborough and Sharpsburg.
HEADQUARTERS RIPLEY'S BRIGADE,Camp on Opequon Creek, September 21, 1862.

MAJOR: On the evening of September 13 I received orders from maj. General D. H. Hill to march with my brigade and take a position with it and a battery of artillery on the eminence immediately on the northeast of Boonsborough, and to send a regiment at daylight on the following morning to occupy the Hamburg Pass. This was accomplished, and on the following morning, at an early hour, Colonel [George] Doles, with the Fourth Georgia Regiment, was in position at the pass.

At about 9 o'clock I received orders to send forward my artillery, and, soon after, to move with the whole force to the main pass east of Boonsborough. Upon arriving, i was directed to follow the road leading to Braddock's Gap, and place myself in communication with Brigadier-General Anderson, who had preceded me in that direction. Upon coming up and communicating with that officer, it was arranged that he should extend along the braddock road and make room for the troops of my command, and that an attack should be made upon the enemy, then

