
opened a severe enfilading fire on the troops of my command, the position which we had been ordered to occupy being in full view of nearly all of his batteries. This fire inflicted serous loss before the troops were called into positive action, the men lying under it, without flinching, for over an hour, while the enemy plied his guns unceasingly. During this while, a set of farm buildings in our front were set on fire to prevent them being made use of by the enemy.

At about 8 o'clock I received orders to close in to my left and advance. The troops sprung to their arms with alacrity and moved forward through the burning buildings in of front, reformed on the other side, and opened a rapid fire upon the enemy.

While engaged in reforming the brigade, I received a hot in the neck, which disabled me, and the troops moved forward under command of Colonel Doles, of the Fourth Georgia Regiment. After an absence of an hour and a half, I returned to the field with such force as I could collect from detachments, and found my brigade relieved and in position to the west of Sharpsburg. I remained, I relinquished the command to Colonel Doles, to whose report I must refer for the operations of the brigade while under his command.

I noticed the gallant and efficient conduct of officers and men, which in many instances was admirable, especially in consideration of the hardships to which they had been subjected, many having been without food for twenty-four and some for forty eight hours.

The commanding officers of regiments-colonel Doles, of the Fourth Georgia; Colonel [William L.] De Rosset, of the Third North Carolina (severely wounded); Lieutenant-Colonel [Hamilton A.] Brown, of the First North Carolina, and Captain Key, of the Forty-fourth Georgia-all led their troops gallantly. They were ably seconded by their respective field officers, and I concur in the remarks of the regimental commanders concerning their various officers.

Captain B. H. Rad and Lieutenant H. H. Rogers, acting on my staff, rendered, throughout the operations, valuable and efficient service. Captain Read remained on the field after I had been disabled. Lieutenant Rogers was severely wounded while in the discharge of his duties.

The return of killed, wounded, and missing will be forwarded with the report of Colonel Doles, upon whom the command of the brigade will devolve during my absence.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.

Numbers 296. Report of Brigadier General R. E. Rodes, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of the battles of Boonsborough and Sharpsburg.
HEADQUARTERS RODES' BRIGADE,Wright's Farm, Va., October 13, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor herewith to report the operations of this brigade during actions of September 14 and 17 in Maryland.

On the morning of the 14th my brigade relieved Anderson's about

