
of this distance is intersected by a road which, passing from the direction of Middletown, runs parallel with the base of one of the mountain of the range, and at the point of intersection with the ridge road turns off in a southwesterly direction toward Sharpsburg, and from this road several wagon roads lead down the mountain into the valley below on the Sharpsburg side of Boosnborough. Midway between this intersection road and the turnpike, and at nearly right angles with the latter, runs what is known as the old Sharpsburg road. Near and to the left of this latter road General Garland, early in the morning, had posted the Thirteenth North Carolina Regiment, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Ruffin, jr., and the Twentieth North Carolina, under the command of Colonel Alfred Iverson. I was ordered, with the Fifth North Carolina, to move farther to the right, and to take position near to the left of the intersecting road I have before mentioned. The Twelfth North Carolina, commanded by Captain S. Snow, and the Twenty-third, Colonel Daniel H. Christie, were moved up and halted upon my left along the ridge road. At General Garland's request, I went forward with him to reconnoiter for a position. Immediately in front of the ridge road were stubble and corn fields, and, for about 40 paces to the front, a plateau, which suddenly broke on the left into a succession of ravines, and, farther beyond and in front, a ravine, of grater length and depth, extended from the road which ran along the base of the mountain far out into the field, and, connected with the ravine on our left, formed natural parallel, approaches to our position. Between and beyond these ravines to our right was a dense growth of small forest trees and mountain laurel, through which this intersecting road ran from some distance, and on the mountain side to the top this growth was continued. General Garland and I had been but a few moments in the field when our attention was directed to persons moving at some distance upon this road, and, apprehending that the enemy might be preparing to make a lodgment upon the mountain side, he ordered me to advance a body of 50 steps from where we then stood when they encountered the enemy's skirmishers and the fight commenced.

This was about 9 a. m. I was Then ordered to take out my regiment to their support, which I did. We found the growth veri thick, so much so that it was impossible to advance in line of battle. The enemy's skirmishers had advanced almost to the very edge of the woods nearest us, and, as we appeared at the edge, a sharp skirmish fire ensued, with much more effect on our side than on that of the enemy, as we lost no men and several of the enemy were seen to fall and 1 taken prisoner; but at this moment I found that the raw troops on my right, who had never been under fire, had bad no drill, and ;had but few officers, were breaking in some confusion, the rest of the line remaining firm. I immediately hastened back and rallied those treating at our first position, and at General Garland's suggestion recalled the regiment back to that point. I then stated to General Garland my belief that the enemy had massed a very large force in those woods, and were preparing to turn our right, and suggested that he might bell dislodged or his position discovered by shelling the woods, when General Garland informed me that Captain Bondurant's battery, which had previously been put in position, had been so severely pressed by the enemy's sharpshooters that it had been necessary to withdraw it. He then passed to the left, and in a few moment intelligence was brought me that this useful and brave officer had received a mortal wound and was no more, and that the command of

