
and so intimidating him as to prevent pursuit, and the consequent passage of his force into the valley between us and Sharpsburg, which was evidently his first intention.

A list* of casualties has been heretofore reported.

I am, very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

D. K. MCRAE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.e
HEADQUARTERS GARLAND'S BRIGADE,October 20, 1862.

MAJOR: I submit the following report of the action of this brigade in the battle of September 17, near Sharpsburg:

The brigade was moved from its position, on the Hagerstown road, to the support of Colquitt's, which was then about engaging the enemy on our left front. This was about 10 o'clock. We moved by the left flank, until we reached a point near the woods, when line of battle was formed and the advance begun. Some confusion ensued, from conflicting orders. When the brigade crossed the fence, it was halted and formed and again advanced. Coming in sight of the enemy, the firing was commenced steadily and with good will, and from an excellent position, but, unaccountably to me, an order was given to cease firing-that General Ripley's brigade was in front. This produced great confusion, and in the midst of it a force of the enemy appearing on the right, it commenced to break, and a general panic ensued. It was in vain that the field and most of the company officers exerted themselves to rally it. The troops left the field in confusion, the field officers, company officers, and myself bringing up the rear. Subsequently several portion of the brigade, under Colonel Iverson, Captain Garrett, and others, were rallied and brought into action, rendering useful service. I refer to their general reports for their conduct.

I am, very respectfully, our obedient servant,

D. K. MCRAE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 298. Report of Captain Thomas M. Garrett, Fifth North Carolina Infantry, of the battle of Sharpsburg.

CAMP, October 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor so submit the following report of the operations of the Fifth North Carolina Troops in the action of October [September] 17 at Sharpsburg:

At an early hour in the morning and shortly after the battle had opened with musketry, the regiment was moved along with the brigade by the left flanks across the open field north of the town in the direction of the firing. The brigade was halted upon the left of the "burning house," and formed in line of battle. While halted here for a few minute, and while passing to our position, we were subjected to a very severe cross-fire from the enemy's artillery, and had the misfortune to lose for the day Lieutenant Charles R. King, commanding Company H, who

---------------

*Embodied in Nos. 205 and 293, ante.

---------------

