
was wounded severely int he arm by the fragment of s hell. The regiment, being formed in line on the right of the brigade, was moved forward rapidly across the open field and over a fence into the woods in front. Here a state of confusion ensued which it is difficult to portray. Various conflicting orders (mere suggestion, perhaps, taking that shape) were passed down the line, the men in rank being allowed by the officers to join in repeating them, so that it became utterly impossible to understand which emanated from the proper authority. The regiment, following the movements of the brigade, which were vacillating and unsteady, obliquing to the right and left, came upon a ledge of rock and earth, forming a fine natural breastwork. Under the covered of this the regiment, following the example of those on the left, fell down and sought shelter. Seeing a regiment of the enemy coming up in the open field in our front and somewhat on the flank, and the breastwork turning where the right of the regiment rested in such a manner as to expose a few files of men of my regiment, I ordered these to deploy as flankers to the right and take shelter behind the trees. At this moment, and while directing this movement, Captain [T. P.] Thomson, Company G, came up to me, and in a very excited manner and tone cried out to me, "They are flanking us! See, younder's a whole brigade!" I ordered him to keep silence and return to his place. The men before this were far from being cool, but, when this act of indiscretion occurred, a panic ensued, and, despite the efforts of file-closers and officers, they began to break and run. I have employed this language in regard to Captain Thomson's conduct because he remained upon the ground and exerted himself to really the men, and, while it manifests clearly a want of capacity to command, my observation of him did not produce a conviction that it proceeded from a cowardly temper. I gave an order to the few men who remained-not more than 10 in number-to retire, fence in our rear. A few rallied by the example of Lieutenant Isaac E. Pearce, commanding Company B. who acted with great spirit, and all of the men belonging to my company present in the regiment rallied to my side. With them I made a stand at the fence, and ordered the men to fire upon the advancing enemy. This they did with coolness and deliberation. I observed, however, immediately, that all the brigade of the left were retreating in disorder, and had already passed the fence without halting. I retired with the few men behind the fence, toward the town. I could see no body of men of my regiment on the way, and I went immediately down into the town in the hope of getting up with them. Here I met General Lee in the street, and reported to him the misfortune which had befallen me, and asked for directions. He ordered me to rally all the stragglers I could, without regard to what command they belonged, and report with them to General Evans. Only about 50 of my regiment could be found; but, with the assistance of yourself and Lieutenant Pearce, about 150 were rallied and carried up to General Evans, on the hill, on the north edge of the town. These were formed in line, under my command, along with other stragglers, and all placed under the command o Colonel Iverson, of the Twentieth North Carolina.

Very soon we advanced into the open field, and, meeting with General D. H. Hill, were ordered to attack a regiment of the enemy which was maintaining a doubtful contest with a small body of our troops. We moved up in line on the right and engaged them with spirit, and forced them, for a moment, to give back. Very soon, however, the left of the line of which my command formed part gave way, and being left with but the men from my regiment, I ordered them to retire, and form

