
behind a large rock in the field, about 50 yards distant. This was done, and, by the determined conduct of these few men, the regiment of the enemy was held in check for twenty-five of thirty minutes. After feeling our strength, however, he began to advance and I ordered the men to retreat.

In this affair I observed, as throughout the day, your admirable self-possession and command of your faculties in the midst of danger, and I am greatly indebted to you for valuable aid rendered me.

Retiring again to General Evans' headquarters, and being furnished with a horse, I went again into the town and gathered up another body of stragglers, who, whit what remained of the Fifth North Carolina, were formed. General Evans asked me to take command of them, but a slight wound on the foot had by this time become so painful as to orbit it, and he called upon you to lead them. How well this was done I would be glad to be able to narrate, but being separated finally from any organized body of the regiment this report necessarily closes.

In this last affair we have to lament the loss of our much-esteemed friend, Lieutenant John M. Felton, Company G, who was killed instantly by a round shot from the enemy's battery. He was modest and unassuming as he was brave and determined.

The casualties* of the day have already been reported.

I halve the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. GARRETT,

Captain Company F, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. M. TAYLOR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 299. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Ruffin, jr., Thirteenth North Carolina Infantry, of the battle of Boonsborough.

OCTOBER 12, 1862.

In obedience to the order calling for reports of the parts respectively taken by the several regiments of the brigade in the battles of the 14th and 17th ultimo, I have the honor to report the action of the Thirteenth North Carolina Regiment.

Owing to the dangerous illness and absence of Colonel Scales, I was in command on the 14th at South Mountain.

Early in the morning of the 14th we were ordered by General Garland to go, in company with the Twentieth North Carolina, commanded by Colonel Iverson, out by a road leading along the top of the mountain, and then to occupy a position on the left of the old Sharpsburg road, which we did at about sunrise, and remained there about two hours. We were then ordered to move farther to the right to the support of the Fifth North Carolina Regiment, which we proceeded to do, and, being met by General Garland, were directed to take position in an open field upon the brow of a high hill. The enemy, we found, were posted upon a high hill densely wooded, and immediately facing the hill occupied by ourselves. There was also a regiment under cover of a rail fence upon our left. Not being able to see the enemy in our front, our whole fire was directed upon those upon the left, and, as our men were cool and fired

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

