
with precision and effect, they soon drove that portion of the enemy entirely off the field. All this, while those in our front were firing constantly into us, and it was then that General Garland fell. Not deeming it prudent to advance down the hill in the face of an enemy so strongly posted, and whose force, though we could not see them, we judged, by their fire, to be very strong, the regiment was withdrawn about 50 yards from the brow of the hill. There I received an order from Colonel McRae, in person, he having succeeded to the command, to move by the left flank until our left was brought in contact with the right of General Anderson's brigade, which we did, and took our new position upon the road on the right of General Anderson, and supposed that our own brigade was extended in one continuous lien on our right. The enemy advancing in our front, we became soon entirely engaged, and were evidently getting the advantage of him, but to our great surprise a heavy fire was opened upon us from the right, which we supposed to be occupied by our own brigade. Our adjutant was immediately dispatch to see what was the matter, and, returning, reported that the enemy had obtained the road on our right, and were coming down upon us from that direction. An order for a charge to the front was immediately given, and, the men obeying it with alacrity, we had the satisfaction to see the enemy give way. We pursued as far as it was those on the right; charged them also and drove them back. While thus engaged, the enemy appeared upon our left, whocj position had been occupied by General Anderson's brigade, but which had been removed without our knowledge. Finding this to be so, our regiment about-faced and charged, and, as it turned out to be but a party of the enemy's skirmishers, there was no difficulty in repulsing them. It was then determined to get into position somewhere from which we could communicate with our commanding officer, and with this view the regiment was removed to the Sharpsburg road, where we found General Anderson's brigade. Not being able to find Colonel McRae, and, indeed, hearing that he and his command had been cut off, we reported to General Anderson, and asked to be taken under his command, to which he assented, and we remained with him the roast of the day. By him we were formed in line of battle in the old Sharpsburg orad, our regiment being on the right of his brigade, and were moved up the side of the mountain. It is difficult to conceive a more arduous march than this was; but it was preformed in good time, and, when we reached the top of the mountain,we found a road, along which we moved to the left until we came to a dense corn-field, on the right of the road. In this field we found the enemy in strong force, with a battery in position, which we were ordered to charge, and attempted to do, in conjunction with the Second North Carolina Regiment, but were repulsed with great loss. It then being dark, we were ordered to retire.

I feel it to be due to those under my command, though so little was accomplished by their efforts, to say that they deserve height praise, both officers and men, for their conduct on this day. With a few exceptions they all acted well.

I noticed particularly the gallant bearing of Captain [J. H.] Hyman, acting as major; Captain [E. B] Withers, of Company A; Captain [L. H.] Hunt, of Company C; Captain [H. A.] Rogers, of Company D; Captain [G.] Foster, of Company F; Lieutenant [T. A.] Martin, commanding Company E, and Lieutenant [R. L.] Watt, commanding Company K. Lieutenant [J. C.] Joyce, commanding Company H, led his men into action bravely and coolly, but was killed by the very first fire. Captain

