
Glenn, of Company I, led his company all day, through all the engagements, with great spirit, but was killed by the last shot fired at us. Lieutenant C. N. Cavalier acted as adjutant to the regiment, and did all that a brave an patriotic soldier could do. He also was dangerously wounded in the last charge, and Lieutenant [H. B.] Fowler, of Company A, behaved with great coolness and courage. I hear the conduct of other officers spoken of in high terms, but I have mentioned only those whom I had the opportunity to observe.

Of the privates whose conduct came under my observation, I take occasion to mention particularly Frank Scales, of Company H, as the bravest man in battle I ever saw. I should have recommended him for promotion, but that, unfortunately, he was wounded and left on the field in the battle of the 17th. John R. Neland, of Company E, acted particularly well, and is respectfully mentioned as worthy of promotion, as is Sergeant smith, of Company B.

I feel it to be just that I should acknowledge the fact that we were joined by a small party of the Twelfth North Carolina Regiment early in the morning, who continued with us throughout the day and rendered us very efficient aid. As to their names and other particulars, I refer to the commanding officer of that regiment, to whom I have reported in full the action of his men.

Owing to an accident, I was not able to command the regiment on the 17th, and, therefore, have the honor to call your attention to the accompanying report form Captain Hyman, who commanded on that day.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

T. RUFFIN, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth North Carolina Regiment

Lieutenant J. M. TAYLOR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 300. Report of Colonel R. T. Bennett, Fourteenth North Carolina Infantry, commanding Anderson's brigade, of the battle of Sharpsburg.

DECEMBER 6, 1862.

I have the honor of submitting the following report of the action of the Fourth Brigade in the engagement of September 17, at Sharpsburg:

The command of this brigade devolved upon me after the disabling and death of the ranking officers. The major-general commanding the division is perfectly cognizant of the position occupied by the command, he having led in person the head of the column to the ground retained until compelled to fall back by the overwhelming numbers of the enemy. The enemy, soon after the road had been taken be Anderson's brigade, came into the field in front of us from the direction of the locality of Garland's brigade. Their advance was beautiful in the extreme, and great regularity marked their column. As the center was unmasked by the right and left flanks, this precision of movement was preserved by the line until a space no exceeding 50 yards separated the combatants. The it was that a well-directed fire sent them in disorder some 50 paces rearward. Recovering, however, they charged our position with same result as aforesaid, with the addendum of wild confusion. The bravery of a field officer apparently checked the spreading symptoms of panic, and once more their courage was brought to the test.

