
Poor return, indeed, they made for the gallantry of their leader. Confusion that seemed remediless followed. At this juncture the colonel commanding gave orders for bayonets to be fixed, preparatory to an advance of the line. However, two fresh columns of the enemy were seen double-quicking to the relief of the shattered ranks of the foe, and stern necessity bade us be satisfied with simple holding of our ground. During all this time the Fourth Brigade appeared perfectly self-possessed, so far as the observation of the colonel commanding extended. Shortly after the occurrences aforesaid, word came for the command to keep lookout on the extreme right. While directing ourselves to that point, masses of Confederate troops in great confusion were seen, portions of Major-General Anderson's division as we then knew, for the Sixteenth Mississippi and Second Florida, of that command, coming to our succor, broke beyond the power of rallying after five minutes' stay. In this stampede, if we may so term it, the Fourth North Carolina State Troops and Thirtieth North Carolina Troops participated.

The hour of 1 p. m. had arrived. Anderson's division had gone to the rear. Two regiments (Fourth and Thirtieth) of our own brigade were missing. The dark line of the enemy had swept around our right, and were gradually closing upon the ground of Rodes' brigade. They having gone to resist the lines in front was an easy task, to contend against front and rear attacks we were totally inadequate, and the bare alternative of retreat was presented. The command was ordered to make the retreat by the right-oblique, with frightful loss in some regiments, as the list of mortality will show. The task was achieved. The command was reformed at the road leading to Sharpsburg, and participated in all the skirmishes of the afternoon. About sunset the colonel commanding was taken from the field, disabled.

Here find list of casualties:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Aggregat

 	 	 e.

2nd North Carolina State Troops	 14	 36	 50

4th North Carolina State Troops	 6	 40	 46

14th North Carolina Troops	 27	 112	 139

30th North Carolina Troops	 10	 57	 67

Total	 57	 245	 302

I have the honor to be,

R. T. BENNETT,

Colonel, Commanding Anderson's Brigade at Sharpsburg, Md.

Major J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 301. Report of Colonel Bryan Grimes, Fourth North Carolina Infantry, of the battle of Boonsborough.

OCTOBER 13, 1862.

In compliance with your order of this morning, I submit the following report as to the part taken by the Fourth Regiment North Carolina State Troops in the engagement on Sunday, September 14:

At 3.30 a. m. were ordered to march down the turnpike toward

