
Boonsborough, and, upon approaching that town, were drawn up on the hills adjacent in line of battle, in which position we remained an hour or two, when we were ordered to continue our advance by the flank down the turnpike. Upon arriving at the summit of the mountain, were field on a left-hand road, which overlooked the enemy's approach. The Fourth Regiment, together with the Second, was here detached, under command of Colonel Tew, to go to the support of General Garland, then engaging the enemy on the right of the turnpike. Upon joining on to General Garland's left wing, Colonel Tew saw the necessity for re-enforcements to our left, and requested Captain Grimes to return and report the fact to General Anderson or General Hill. Captain Grimes has never been heard from since. Whether he delivered the message or not I have been unable to learn. After remaining in this position for perhaps half an hour, the enemy in front, from 100 to 200 yards distant, and my best marksmen shooting them whenever they appeared, I have reasons to believe they killed several, when an order was received to flank to the left, which was done. After remaining in our new position nearly an hour, we were ordered to move more to our left, which order was complied with, joining on to the right of the regiments of our own brigade, leaving an interval of from 300 to 400 yards unoccupied between our right and General Garland's left wing, which fact was reported immediately. Our two regiments, together with the Thirteenth North Carolina, were flanked for some distance to the right and formed in line of battle at right angles with our former position, and advanced for some distance up the side of the mountain, but, not finding the enemy, were recalled and carried still farther to the right, and, forming in line of battle, moved up the mountain, and upon reaching the summit discovered a battery of the enemy in a corn-field and supported by infantry. We made a charge upon the battery, but were repulsed. Falling back and reforming, when, now took dark to proceed, were ordered down for the night.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRYAN GRIMES,

Colonel Fourth North Carolina Stat Troops.

Lieutenant V. E. TURNER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 302. Report of Captain A. J. Griffith, Fourteenth North Carolina Infantry, of operations September 14-17.

------

,--, 1862.

[I make the following] report of the part the Fourteenth Regiment North Carolina Troops bore in the engagement at Crampton's Pass [Turner's Pass], Md., September 14, commanded by Colonel R. T. Bennett:

The regiment received orders on the night of the 13th to prepare to move at a moment's warning.

Early in the morning of the 14th the regiment took up line of march down the turnpike in the direction of Crampton's Pass. It was in front of the brigade, and rested on the left of the road at the pass for a short time, and then received orders to march back and pass to the right of the turnpike to re-enforce General Garland. Coming upon a squad of the enemy, it formed line, but, by some mistake in orders, marched back

