
to the turnpike without firing on the enemy, at which place it received orders to face about and march back to the field, where it was joined by General Ripley and thrown on his right. The whole line then moved forward on the enemy, who had taken position on the mountain. Before coming upon the enemy the second time, it being nearly night, it received orders to fall back to an old road, with only 1 man wounded, and await orders to re-enforce General Ripley, if necessary. No orders arriving, the regiment was not called into action. in the absence of the commanding officers, it is impossible of give a more detailed account.
A. J. GRIFFITH,

Captain, Commanding Fourteenth Regiment North Carolina Troops.

-----

--, 1862.

[I make the following] report of the part he Fourteenth North Carolina Troops bore in the engagement at Sharpsburg, md. on September 17, commanded by Colonel R. T. Bennett:

The regiment arrived at Sharpsburg on the 15th, and formed line of battle, and remained in line until the morning of the 17th. About 4 o'clock received orders to move by the left flank, passing through a corn-field into an old road; filed to the left, and took position in front of the enemy, which was well protected by banks. The enemy advanced immediately, and a heavy fire opened on both sides. At this position it drove the enemy back three times, disorganizing their lines, with heavy loss. About 11 o'clock received orders from the right that a new line of the enemy was advancing in the rear. The regiment fell back to a road, and took position behind a stone fence, losing many men while chacing position. Having but few men, it rallied with other regiments and drove the enemy back, and remained in line in front of the enemy until late at night; then marched a short distance to the rear to rally. Took position next morning on the line, and remained there until it received orders to fall back.

The casualties were 213 killed, wounded, and missing, including Colonel R. T. Bennett, blown up by a shell (severely shocked), and Lieutenant Colonel William A. Johnston, wounded in the arm. The commanding officers being absent, it is impossible to give a report in detail.

A. J. GRIFFITH,

Captain, Commanding Fourteenth Regiment North Carolina Troops.

Numbers 303. Reports of Major William W. Sillers, Thirtieth North Carolina Infantry, of the battles of Boornsborough and Sharpsburg.

EIGHT MILES NORTH OF WINCHESTER, VA.,

October 13, 1862.

In obedience to orders, I have the honor submit the following report of the part taken by the Thirtieth Regiment North Carolina Troops, Colonel F. M. Parker commanding, in the battle of South Mountain, September 14, to wit:

The regiment, except as to its skirmishers, was not actually engaged with any visible portion of the enemy's forces at any time during the battle. Late in the forenoon our skirmishers exchanged a few shots.

