
twice we fell back to it. A short time before sunset the enemy advanced. We joined in a charge against them, and drove them so effectually that they did not appear again. In our last position we were under a pretty severe fire from artillery, playing on the front and flank. Here we remained until after nightfall, when we were withdrawn by order of Major General D. H. Hill.

The regiment before the fight numbered about 250, all told. We lost in killed, 10, in wounded, 62, and in missing, 1,making a total of 76. I brought off from the fight 159.

Very respectfully submitted.

W. W. SILLERS,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel W. P. BYNUM,

Commanding Brigade.

No. 304. Reports of Colonel A. H. Colquitt, Sixth Georgia Infantry, commanding brigade, of the battles of Boonsborough and Sharpsburg.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, Near Bunker Hill, Va., October 13, 1862.

SIR: Herewith I submit a report of the action of my brigade in the battle of South Mountain, September 14.

On the night of September 12 I left the camp of the division with the brigade and Captain Lane's battery, with instructions to occupy the commanding points at Boonville [Boonsborough], 4 miles to the rear. The march and the unavoidable delay in selecting positions in the dark consumed most of the night.

Early the next morning General Hill arrived. While engaged in making a reconnaissance, he received information that General Stuart, commanding the cavalry in rear, stood in need of support. I was ordered to move at once with my brigade, and the battery of artillery. Proceeding along the turnpike 2 1/2 or 3 miles, I reached the summit of South Mountain, and discovered the enemy's cavalry advancing and ours gradually giving back. I reported my arrival to General Stuart, and consulted with him as to the best disposition of the forces. Two pieces of artillery were ordered to the front, to a position commanding the turnpike leading down the valley. The continued advance of the enemy rendered the execution of the order impracticable. They were thrown rapidly into position at the most available points, and the infantry disposed upon the right and left of the road. The enemy made no further efforts to advance, and at dark withdrew from my immediate front.

To the right and left of the turnpike, a mile distant on either side, were practicable roads leading over the mountain, and connecting by a cross-road along the ridge with the turnpike. Upon each of these roads I threw out strong infantry pickets, the cavalry being withdrawn, and my main body was retired to the rear of the cross-road, leaving a line of skirmishers in front. Early the next morning my pickets were called in, being relieved by other forces which had arrived during the night, and my brigade advanced to the position it occupied the day previous. Upon the right of the road, across the valley and upon the hillside, three

