
regiments were placed, with instructions to connect with General Garland's line on the right. The force was insufficient to reach that distance, and there was a gap left of 300 or 400 yards between the two brigades. The remaining regiments of my brigade, to wit, the Twenty-third Georgia and Twenty-eighth Georgia, were put in position on the left of the turnpike, under cover of a stone fence and a channel worn by water down the mountain side.

The first attack of the enemy was made upon the extreme right of my line, as with the view to pass in the opening between Garland's and my command. This was met and repulsed by a small body of skirmishers and a few companies of the Sixth Georgia.

At 4 o'clock in the afternoon a large force had been concentrated in my front and was moving up the valley along each side the turnpike. I informed General Hill of the movement, and asked for supports. Being pressed at other points, he had none to give me. The enemy advanced slowly, but steadily, preceded by skirmishers. Upon the right of the road, 400 yards in advance of my line, there was a thick growth of woods fields opening in front and around them. In these I had concealed four companies of skirmishers, under the command of Captain Arnold. As the enemy advanced, these skirmishers poured upon his flank a sudden and unexpected fire, which caused the troops on this part of his line to give back in confusion. They were subsequently rallied and thrown to the right, strengthening the attack to be made upon my left. Two regiments here were to meet at least five, perhaps ten, times their numbers. Nobly did they do it. Confident in their superior numbers, the enemy's forces advanced to a short distance of our lines, when, raising a shout, they came to a charge. As they came full into view upon the rising ground, 40 paces distant, they were met by a terrific volley of musketry from the stone fence and hillside. This gave a sudden check to their advance. They rallied under cover of the uneven ground, and the fight opened in earnest. They made still another effort to advance, but were kept back by the steady fire of our men. The fight continued with fury until after dark. Not an inch of ground was yielded. The ammunition of many of the men was exhausted, but they stood with bayonets fixed.

I am proud of the officers and men of my command for their noble conduct on this day. Especial credit is due to Colonel Barclay, of the Twenty-third Georgia, and Major [Tully] Graybill, Twenty-eighth Georgia, who, with their regiments, meant and defeated the fiercest assaults of the enemy.

My thanks are due to Lieutenant Jordan and Lieutenant [G. G.] Grattan of my staff, for their assistance this day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. COLQUITT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, Near Bunker Hill, Va., October 13, 1862.

SIR: I give you below in account of the part taken by this brigade in the battle of September 17.

About 7 o'clock in the morning my brigade entered the fight. It was

