HDQRS. IN THE FIELD, NEAR CHARLESTON, VA., September 13, 1862.

I have again engaged the enemy. Will hold this point if I can. Point Pleasant and Gallipolis should be looked after, as I shall, if compelled, have to fall back by Ripley road toward Ravenswood. No road down the Kanawha on east side.

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,Colonel, Commanding District.

Major-General HALLECK.

POINT PLEASANT, VA., September 19, 1862.

I am here with my command. Was compelled to fall back from Fayette, but not until after a day's hard fighting, with skirmishing all the way to Charleston, where I made a stand, but was compelled, by a superior force, to fall back from there, which I did in good order, bringing my transportation but losing my stores. I find Point Pleasant untenable without some works, which I shall proceed to erect as speedily as I can. My report will be forwarded by mail.

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Colonel.

General H. W. HALLECK.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE KANAWHA, Point Pleasant, W. Va., September 24, 1862.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of what has transpired since I assumed command of the District of the Kanawha:

Pursuant to General J. D. Cox's order, of August 17, 1862, I assumed the command of the district. The troops composing the commanding were the Thirty-seventh, Thirty-fourth, Forth-fourth, and Forty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, the Fourth, Eighth, and Ninth Virginia Volunteer Infantry, and the Second Virginia Cavalry, together with eight mountain howitzers, three rifled and three smooth-bore field-pieces of artillery, manned by a detail from infantry regiments. The forces were stationed as follows: The Thirty-fourth and Thirty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, with four mountain howitzers, and two smooth-bore field-pieces, under command of Colonel E. Siber, Thirty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, at Raleigh Court-House, with two companies of infantry, as a guard for trains, at Fayette Court-House; the Forty-fourth and Forty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, with two companies Virginia cavalry, at Camp Ewing, a distance of 10 miles from Gauley Bridge, on the Lewisburg road, under command of Colonel S. A. Gilbert, Forty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; two companies of the Ninth Virginia Infantry, and two companies

