
bring on the engagement, which was done in a spirited manner, as seen by Colonel Gilbert's report. At 3 p.m. the Forty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, not being able to hold the enemy in check, fell back below Elk River, and the engagement became general, both with artillery and infantry, and lasted until, finding the enemy at least two to our one in front, with Jenkins' force, 1,200 to 1,500 strong, on our right flank and rear, and owing to our immense train of wagons (over 700 in number), I ordered the command to fall back, under cover of the night, and took up our line of retreat on the Ripley road for this point, where we arrived on the 16th instant, bringing off all, our trains except a few wagons one or two ambulances that broke down, and all our artillery, including five extra pieces that were not manned. I am sorry to have to report the destruction, by fire, of a large amount of stores, which was done to prevent their falling into the hands of the enemy. During the march from Gauley, and during the engagement at Charleston, the officers and men behaved nobly, every one seeming for perform his duty as though upon him alone depended success. I do not wish to speak disparagingly of any officer. All did their duty. But, in addition to what is said in the respective reports, I wish to say that Colonels Siber, Gilbert, and Toland deserve particular mention for their excellent counsels, gallantry, and promptness in the discharge of their respective duties. They are officers who have heretofore won the confidence of their officers and men, and, in our late engagements, their conduct has merited the confidence and esteem of all Union-loving citizens. The Second Virginia Cavalry, under Colonel Paxton, did good service in keeping Jenkins' force at bay, thereby preventing an attack in our rear. I wish, also, to state that Colonel Paxton, with 300 men, attacked Jenkins' whole force (from 1,200 to 1,500), and drove them from Barboursville, which, no doubt, kept them from an attempt to harass our retreat.

Our loss is 25 killed, 95 wounded, and 190 missing. It is supposed that a number of the missing will come in, as some have already reported. The loss of the enemy is not known, but, from the best information we can get, their loss in heavy. My command is now at this point, and will be ready for a move again in a few days.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Ohio.

No. 2. Report of Colonel Edward Siber, Thirty-seventh Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST PROVISIONAL BRIGADE, Point Pleasant, W. Va., September 23, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following engagements and marches of the force under my command:

Having fallen back, with the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, from the position of Raleigh to that of Fayette, I had resolved to hold the last-named intrenched position until the quartermaster and commissary stores, heaped up at this place, were removed. I had been informed, by repeated reports, that strong forces of the enemy would attack

