
ordered the narrow defile, which forms the road on the left bank of the river, to be barricaded. A further pursuit of the enemy on this side became thereby impossible, and the whole command reached, on the morning of September 12, quietly, Brownstown, opposite Camp Piatt, where, in the evening, I crossed the Kanawha River, joining the force of Colonel Lightburn. I add the report of Colonel John T. Toland.* The losses of the Thirty-seventh Regiment in these combats were insignificant in proportion to those of the Thirty-fourth, by reason of their having occupied the breastworks.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SIBER,

Colonel Thirty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteers,

Commanding First Brigade, Kanawha District.

Lieutenant B. D. BOSWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Kanawha District.

No. 3. Report of Colonel Samuel A. Gilbert, Forty-Fourth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND PROV. Brigadier, DIST., OF THE KANAWHA, Camp, opposite Point Pleasant, W. Va., September 21, 1862.

SIR: The following is my report of the operations of the troops under my command, from the time of the evacuation of our positions near Gauley, at the head of the Kanawha Valley, on the 10th instant, until our arrival at this place on the 18th:

My command was disposed as follows, at the time the movement commenced: The Forty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Major A. O. Mitchell, commanding; a battery of four mountain howitzers, manned from the Forty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant F. Fischer, and a section of two 10-pounder rifled field pieces, manned from the Forty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Sergeant Hamilton, at Tompkins' farm; three companies of the Forty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Captain Dove's company, and part of Captain Allen's company, Second Virginia Cavalry, at Turkey Creek, 6 miles in advance of Tompkins' farm, on the Lewisburg turnpike, and Captain Hunter's company, Forty-seventh Regiment, and part of Captain Allen's company, Second Virginia Cavalry, at Campt Lookout, 18 miles in advance, on the Lewisburg turnpike, all under command of Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Parry, Forty-seventh Regiment, the cavalry being under command of Major John Hoffman, Second Virginia Cavalry, and six companies of the Forty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, under command of Colonel L. S. Elliott, at Summerville, in Nicholas County.

At 3 p.m. on the 10th instant I received your order to concentrate my command at Gauley, for which the necessary orders were at once given, and, at 8 p.m., I reported in person at your headquarters, near the falls. At 10 p.m. I ordered Major Hoffman and a small detachment of cavalry to go to Loop Creek, on the west side of the Kanawha River,
---------------

*Not found.

---------------

