
The following is a list of the casualties in the brigade under my command:

Command.	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total	 Remarks.

44th Ohio, Major	 1	 1	 15	 17

A. O. Mitchel,

commanding

47th Ohio, Colonel	 3	 5	 10	 18

L. S.

Elliott,commanding

4th [West]	 5	 2	 53	 60

Virginia

Lieutenant

Colonel

W. H. Russell,

commanding.

Artillery

detachment:

Lieutenant De	 --	 --	 --	 --	 One wheel

Lille's section	 	 	 	 	 disabled.

Lieutenant	 --	 --	 --	 --	 One horse

Fischer's section	 	 	 	 	 wounded.

Sergeant	 --	 --	 --	 --	 Nothing

Hamilton's section	 	 	 	 	 injured

 	 	 	 	 or lost.

Total	 9	 8	 78	 95

The loss will, no doubt, be reduced, as we have already heard of the arrival of several of those so reported from the Fourth Virginia at the Ohio River.

I have asked for no report from the cavalry detachment commanders, as they were continually shifted from place to place, without my orders, and, therefore, virtually detached from my command. For further details as to offices and material, I will refer you to the inclosed copies of reports of regimental and detachment commanders.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

SAMUEL A. GILBERT,

Colonel Forty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry,

Commanding Second Provisional Brigade, District of Kanawha.

B. D. BOSWELL,

Second Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjutant-General,

District of Kanawha, Point Pleasant, Va.

No. 4. Reports of Major General William W. Loring, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Southwestern Virginia.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA, The Narrows, W. Va.,September 1, 1862.

(Received September 5, 1862.)

SIR: Before I received your telegram, dated the 29th ultimo [following], upon the information of my scout, I had determined upon of offensive movement against the enemy in the Kanawha. It has been delayed only to accumulate forage and transportation enough to take me over the sterile district of 100 miles between me and the enemy. This has been a Herculean task; but to its accomplishment I have bent all my energies, and expect to move on Friday or Saturday next. It will be my policy when I move to endeavor to reach the Kanawha without stoppage, experience in our campaigns in this region last summer having shown that, while our armies paused in menacing proximity to the enemy, for want of forage and transportation, though at the time they were weak enough to be overcome by us, yet they improved our delay by re-enforcing from the convenient population of the northwest, and, in three or four weeks afterward, took the offensive successfully against us. I await with interest the full development of your plans for my future march to the valley through Northwest Virginia, and

co-operation with the army

