
in that region. The intervening distance of 300 or 400 miles is so rugged as to make such a march one of great difficulty.

I observe, with great satisfaction, the evidence of increasing loyalty from the people of West Virginia, who are now coming into my army daily. I am very sanguine that when I get into that region the accessions to my army will be large, and, to arm these men, I earnestly request you to send me, by rapid express to Dublin, at least 5,000 stand of small-arms and accouterments for the same. I will so far anticipate your action on this subject as to receive corps to be armed in this way. There can be, I think, no occasion where the arms of the Government can be put to better use. I also desire to authorized to appoint officers to command the regiments which I may get in West Virginia, in anticipation of your appointment, so that the new troops may be made effective at once.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDLOPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, VA., September 29, 1862.

Major General W. W. LORING,

Dublin Depot, W. Va.:

Pope's letter-book has been captured. On August 11, Cox was ordered to retain 5,000 men in Western Virginia, and to send the remainder by river and railroad to Pope. On August 16, Cox telegraphed from Gauley Bridge that his command would be at Parkersburg on the evening of the 20th, and asked for railroad transportation.

Cler the valley of the Kanawha and operate northwardly to a junction our army in the valley. Keep us advised of your movements.

GEO. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA, Camp Narrows, W. Va.

September 6, 1862.

(Received September 12, 1862.)

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I take up the line of march to-day with my command, about 5,000 strong, for the Kanawha, in accordance with your orders. I have nothing new to communicate from the enemy, except that they are said to expect re-enforcements of the new levies.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA, Fayette Court-House, W. Va., September 11, 1862.

(Received September 19, 1862.)

SIR: After a fatiguing march, I came upon the enemy near this place on yesterday at 1.30 p.m. with the part of my forces which were in

