
for their activity and services on the march and in the field; and to the soldiers of the army too much praise cannot be given for their uncomplaining endurance of the fatigues of the march, and their gallant bearing in the dangers of the fight. It will be a source of great pleasure to me mention hereafter acts of individual gallantry and usefulness of officers and men (many of which occurred) as they are brought to my notice. I have the honor to inclose herein the reports of commanders of brigade and others, in which the meritorious conduct of commanders of regiments, battalions, and others is mentioned.

The precise number of my killed and wounded will appear from the valuable report of Dr. Hunter,* my chief medical director.

The rapidity of the pursuit of the enemy preserved the salt works and most of the town of Charleston from the flames, and rescued many worthy citizens from confinement, among the number Mr. Price, of Greenbrier County.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Charleston, W. Va.,September 22, 1862.

(Received September 30, 1862.)

SIR: I have the honor to present, through Captain McFarland, of my staff, the flags captured in our recent conflicts at Fayetteville, Gauley, and Charleston. In the rapidity of our march, the collection of trophies has been imperfectly made, and many of this and other kinds which fell into our hands have been lost and destroyed.

The recent information derived from Northern sources confesses a demoralization and destruction of the invading army of the Kanawha Valley greater than I have hitherto represented.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

No. 5. Report of Colonel C. E. Thorburn, C. S. Army, Chief of Ordnance.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Charleston, W. Va., September 17, 1862.

In compliance with your order, the following report is respectfully submitted:

Cannon ammunition expended in the battle of Fayette, Cotton Mountain, Charleston, and pursuing the enemy: 6-pound shell,6-pound shot, 12-pound shell, 3-inch rifled shell, musket, rifle.

On the evening of the 10th, in obedience to your order, the enemy's position was reconnoitered to the west and north. A good point was selected 500 yards from the commanding fort, where a battery would

---------------

*See p.1081.

---------------

