
have soon silenced his fire, while to the north the work was approached to within 200 yards, and the ground over which our storming party was to pass in attacking was carefully noted. These positions were described to Brigadier-General Echols, who was ordered to occupy the ground, but the enemy fleeing during the night gave us possession of his works, which were found to be quite formidable. The arms and ammunition left were collected, but I am unable to give a report of the number and quantity. The agent left to collect them has not yet reported.

Retreating from Fayette, the enemy made a stand on Cotton Hill, holding the column of General Williams in check. The brigades of Colonel Wharton and General Echols being ordered to flank him to the left, he discovered the movement and again retreated, blocking up the road. The next stand was made at Montgomery's Ferry, from which position he was driven by our artillery and sharpshooters, burning a large quantity of his stores and leaving many quartermaster's and commissary stores in our possession. At Camp Piatt the enemy left one 6-pounder and several boxes of rifled cannon ammunition.

On the 13th we again came up with the enemy,and about a mile from Charleston commenced skirmishing with him on the right bank. The brigade of General Williams having taken position on the left bank, his artillery opened, when our advance, under Lieutenant Colonel Clarence Derrick [Twenty-third Virginia Battalion], pushed the enemy into the town. The enemy had expressed a determination to burn Charleston, and, finding himself beaten, set fire to the town in several places, but so hotly was he pushed that his attempt failed, though several store-houses and dwellings contiguous thereto were destroyed. Several of the storehouses were saved. The bridge being destroyed, and having no boats to cross Elk River, it became impossible to bring the retreating foe to close quarter. Our cannon, planted on south side of the river, could only annoy him while retreating.

I desire to call your attention particularly to the efficiency displayed by Captain Chapman's artillery. A 3-inch rifle gun of his battery, though breaking an axle, was most admirably worked, and did most efficient service.

Very respectfully,

C. E. THROBURN,

Colonel and late Chief of Ordnance.

Major General W. W. LORING,

Commanding General.

No. 6. Report of Major J. Floyd King, C. S. Army, Chief of Artillery.

HDQRS. ART. CORPS, ARMY OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, September 18, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to submit to the brigadier-general commanding the following report of the part the artillery enacted in the battle of Fayetteville and on the march to and at the battle of Charleston, commencing on the 10th and ending on the 13th instant:

On nearing Fayetteville a section of Captain Otey's battery was thrown to the front with General Williams' brigade. The body of the artillery brought up the rear of the infantry. A brisk skirmish ensued,

