
the enemy falling back. Arriving in sight of the enemy's works, it was decided to bombard them. Our infantry having driven the enemy' skirmishers in, the artillery was conducted to an eminence within 500 yards of his first fort. Here Captain Otey's and Stamps' batteries were engaged. It was soon determined to advance our artillery to an eminence nearer the enemy's works. It could not be done without crossing a hill under a heavy fire from the enemy of canister, grape, and musketry. Under the direction of Brigadier-General Williams, the enemy was driven from the houses and ravine situated between us and the fort. General Williams at the head of a battalion of infantry and Captains Otey's and Stamps' batteries, charged over the hill across the ravine and occupied the desired position within a short distance of the enemy's works. Here the fire became fierce. Captain Chapman's 24-pounder, commanded by the captain in person, and Captain Lowry's battery were brought up. The action continued with constancy and energy until night it having opened at 2 p.m.

The courage and gallantry displayed by the officers and men on this occasion renders it unjust almost to make any distinction, but the commanding courage of Lieutenant Walker, of the Otey battery, and the bravery and efficiency displayed by Captain Stamps in action, were most cheering.

To Captains Lowry, Otey, and Chapman the command is indebted for great encouragement.

To Captain Stanton, chief of General Williams' staff, the thanks of this corps are due for his volunteer services in the command of one of Captain Otey's pieces, which had almost all of its cannoneers killed or wounded, and, from a deficiency in the number of commissioned officers present, was left without a commander. Captain Stanton served the piece during several hours of severe firing.

The presence and efficient services of Surgeon [Basil C.] Duke on the field attracted much attention. Nothwitstanding the remonstrance of officers, he persistently remained, attending to the wounded, though a ball through his coat and a wounded soldier killed in his army by a shell admonished him of his exposed situation.

To Captains Myrick and Marye, of the commanding general's staff, the artillery is also indebted for gallant services.

On the morning of the 11th instant, the enemy having abandoned his works and retreated during the night, Brigadier-General Williams, at the head of his brigade, led in pursuit of him. A section of Captain Otey's battery, under Lieutenant Norvell, was kept to the front, and, under General Williams' personal supervision, was often, with our skirmishers, engaged with the enemy's rear guard. Across Cotton Hill and Gauley, and down the left bank of the Kanawha, General Williams pressed, keeping up an almost continual artillery duel with the enemy, and rested at night one the ground from which a few moments before his pickets had been driven.

At Gauley, from a misapprehension of which side of the river the major-general commanding intended to move down in person, the chief of artillery followed the left bank, with Captain Bryan's company, a part of Captain Stamps', and a section of Captain Otey's battery, supported by General Williams' and Colonel Wharton's brigades. A

5-pounder of Stamps' and a 12-pounder howitzer of Otey's battery were left at Gauley, by order of the major-general commanding, to report to the commander of the post. Captains Chapman's and Lowry's and a section of Otey's battery followed Brigadier-General Echols' brigade on the right bank of the river. Nothing of importance transpired on the march of the 12th.

