
On the 13th the pursuit was resumed, and at Charleston the enemy was overtaken. He occupied the left bank of the Kanawha with a strong force of sharpshooters and artillery, which command either side of the river. To the rear of the town, across Elk River, his lines were drawn up behind his wagons, his right resting near the Kanawha, and his artillery in front of his wagons. The chief of artillery having been sent across the left bank of the Kanawha, by the major-general commanding, with orders to Brigadier-General Williams, can make no report of the part the batteries enacted on the right bank of the river. On joining General Williams, the artillery was ordered to the front, the general accompanying in person. The enemy's sharpshooters were driven across the river and his artillery from the town. From the hills on the left bank of the Kanawha, below the mouth of Elk River, Captains Otey's, Bryan's, and Stamp's batteries commanded the entire right flank of the enemy's lines. A bombardment at once ensued, which, with the assistance of the force on the right bank of the Kanawha, caused the enemy to abandon his situation in haste, driving off the most of his wagons, but leaving many, and quantities of camp and garrison equipage, several of his regiments having left their blankets and knapsacks on the line they were drawn up to fight on. The destruction of an artillery carriage, and also the destruction of the apparatus of a mountain howitzer of the enemy, besides killing many of his horses, attests the precision with which our artillerists managed their guns.

At the battle of Charleston there were 4 artillerists wounded on the left bank of the Kanawha. At night the firing ceased, the enemy having retreated.

The conduct of the officers and men of the artillery on this occasion confirmed the confidence their commanders had already left could be reposed in them.

Throughout the march, the spirited and energetic manner in which Brigadier-General Williams directed the artillery inspired it with the highest confidence and courage.

To the surgeon's report I refer you for the casualties in the artillery corps. In addition to men, it lost upward of 20 horses killed.

To the general commanding the army the artillery corps is grateful for the skill of his general directions and the trusts he reposed in it.

Very respectfully,

J. FLOYD KING,

Major and Chief of Artillery, Department of West Virginia.

Captain STANTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 7. Report of Captain R. L. Poor, C. S. Army, Chief Engineer.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Charleston, W. Va.,September 17, 1862.

GENERAL: In compliance with Orders No.-, issued from these headquarters, of this date, I have the honor to reports as follows the operations of the Engineer Corps during the several conflicts therein mentioned:

During the engagement at Fayetteville, General Williams requiring in increase of staff, Captain Robinson and self were detached from yours and ordered to report to him. At the same moment Captain Myers, assistant adjutant-general, communicated your desire to have the enemy's position

