
reconnoitered. Accordingly, after having reported to General Williams, left Captain Robinson to act as aide-de-camp, and pushed forward to reconnoiter. Upon reaching the advanced corps (Forty-fifth Regiment), found it impracticable to advance farther (the enemy's sharpshooters being in sight), and bore off to the left, where, upon debouching from the woods, caught sight of the enemy's works, distant about 100 yards. The irregular trace of the work (not being able to penetrate to the rear of it) deluded me into reporting it a square redoubt. Upon inspection next day, found the works to consist, first, of an irregular work of there faces, each of 40 yards' development, 8 feet in command, and 7 in relief; barbettes in each salient, covering well the ground in front; located on admirably selected position, enfilading the approach from Raleigh, and commanding the surrounding open plains. Second, a similar work, constructed as a musketry defense, flanked by felled timber, rifle-pits. Third, a formidable, well-constructed, and inclosed located lunette, connecting, by overt way, with flanking redan on commanding ground, barbettes in each salient, commanding each of the advance works, with development sufficient for a regiment.

Being directed at night, after the first day's engagement, to erect a breaching battery, made reconnaissance for same, and selected what I conceived to be an advantageous position commanding the work, and being in the prolongation of the capital line to the right salient, and only 130 yards distant. At 10 p.m. broke ground, and by 2 a.m. had the battery sufficiently complete in its parts to occupy with two siege guns, namely, a 24-pounder howitzer and 12-pounder rifle guns, ready at a moment's notice to open upon the enemy's work, when the force covering my working party was advanced. With a yell and volley, they scaled the parapet to find the enemy gone. With General Williams and command, started in active pursuit; hence cannot present you with a detailed plan of the enemy's position and works.

At Cotton Hill and Gauley had the honor of acting on Brigadier-[General] Williams' staff, and this place on Colonel McCausland's; hence, pertaining to my department, have nothing further to report than the erection of a pontoon bridge over the Elk River. The officers Robinson with me will need no further mention than to say that Captain Robinson ably assisted and second me - being under you personal supervision, his merits are known; that Lieutenant Hart displayed general intelligence, efficiency, and meritorious conduct. Taking great pleasure on testifying to his merit, respectfully request for him a favorable mention in your report.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. L. POOR,

Captain and Chief Engineer of Department.

Major General W. W. LORING,

Commanding Army of Western Virginia.

No. 8. Report of Surg. John A. Hunter, C. S. Army, Medical Director.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Charleston, W. Va.,September 25, 1862.

Hon. GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the report of Dr. John A.

