
three skillful surgeons were sent to consult together and with him, and perform such operations as the cases demanded. The object in sending these officers was to have all necessary operations done as soon as possible, as it would be impossible for the surgeons in charge of the different hospitals to perform them all in season and at the same time attend to the other duties required of them. The work of these officers was very satisfactorily performed. The hospitals were son put in good condition and the men well attended to. Supplies of medicines, &amp;c., were in part obtained form the supplies in the army and in part from Frederick, form which place, owing to the causes already alluded to, it required no little exertion to obtain them. The difficulty was, however, overcome, and such as were needed were from time to time procured. The task of providing food for the wounded was one of still greater difficulty, but that was also also accomplished by having it brought form Frederick and by purchasing from the people living in the village and in its vicinity. As was anticipated, the wounded, under the supervision of Dr. Thomson, who labored unceasingly, were attended to with great care and the hospital placed in excellent condition. Great kindness was shown by the citizens, and especially the ladies, to our wounded, until the hospital were broken up.

The battle of Crampton's Gap took place also on the 14th, at the same time that of South Mountain was in progress. The hospital for the wounded were located in Burkittsville, about a mile in the rear of our troops. As in the village of Middletown, churches and other buildings were here appropriated for hospital purposes. A sufficient number of surgeons were detailed by Surgeon White, U. S. Army, the medical director of the Sixth Corps (which was the only corps engaged), who had charge of the medical department in this action. There was but short time given to prepare hospital in either of these villages, as the troops left Frederick and fought both battles the same day. By the exertions of the medical officers in charge, the hospitals in Burkittsville were in a short time put in good order, and every care taken of the men brought to them. The surgeon who was placed in charge, having been guilty of improper conduct, was displaced and afterward dropped from the rolls, and Assistant Surgeon Du Bois placed in charge, under whose administration everything went on well. The same difficulty existed here as in Middletown regarding supplies of medicines, &c., and food,and was overcome in like manner. The most reliable reports that can be obtained show 1,214 wounded in these two engagements. While these figures are not deemed entirely accurate, they are thought of approximate very nearly the actual number wounded, those of the Confederate forces not being included.

Passing through the village of Boonsborough on the following day, it was examined to ascertain what accommodation it afforded for hospital purposes in the event they should be required there. Later in the evening we passed through the village of Keedysville, a few miles beyond, which was also subjected to a similar examination. Passing beyond this village, we came in sight, late in the evening, of what afterward proved to be the battle-field of Antietam. As soon as the nature of the country and its resources for hospital purposes could be ascertained, and when an idea was given of the nature of the anticipated battle and the position to be occupied by our troops, directions were given to the medical directors of corps to form their hospitals as far as possible by divisions, and at such a distance in the rear of the line of battle as to be secure from the shot and shell of the enemy; to select the houses and barns most easy of access, and such as were well supplied with hay

