
Hunter, the medical director of this army, containing a list of casualties of this army, from the attack on Fayette Court-House to the closing action at Charleston and Elk River, by which it will be seen how small our loss was compared with the enemy's. I ask again to commend the energy, skill, and gallantry of Dr. Hunter and the efficiency of his medical corps, who have been, since their connection with this army, equal to every emergency.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

CONFEDERATE STATES HOSPITAL, Charleston, W. Va., September 15, 1862.

SIR: IT is with great pleasure that I report to you the sanitary condition of your army. After a toilsome march over mountain range and valley, a distance of 169 miles, we have no cases of essential fever, developed either in camp or hospital, and but one or two cases of rubeola and parotitis, occurring sporadically, during this march. We fought the Federal forces first at Fayetteville with the following causalities; 16 men killed upon the field (1 lieutenant and 1 corporal in that number), and 32 wounded, 4 of this number, I may say, mortally. One man killed in the skirmish at Cotton Hill and 3 wounded, 1 of this company mortally. No one hurt at Montgomery's Ferry, except from the accidental discharge of a gun while crossing the river, wounding 1 man. Six killed at Charleston and 8 slightly wounded, making in all 23 killed and 43 wounded.

I may here call your attention to the conduct of the medical staff, whose duties required their presence with their command, placing them in most exposed positions and liable to casualties in common with the soldiers. Their conduct was marked by great gallantry and most indefatigable energy in the discharge of their professional duty.

It is but due to the corps that I should specially call your attention to the conduct of Surgeon [S. C.] Gleaves, Assistant Surgeon [C. N.] Austin, and particularly to the daring exploits of Surg. Joseph [F.] Watkins at the ferry, swimming the river and saving the ferry-boat, capturing also one stand of colors.

The enemy's loss at Fayetteville, in killed outright, was 65 that we know of; their wounded could not be correctly ascertained, but it is known that three barge-boats were shipped from Montgomery's Ferry and passed Charleston en route for the Ohio, and that four wagons, filled either with wounded or killed, were burned along the road from Fayetteville to this place, leaving exposed, in the most inhuman manner, portions of partially consumed bodies on the road. We could not ascertain the number killed in wounded in the different combats on the road. Judging from the most correct information, they could not have been less than 180 wounded in that action. Four were left dead in Charleston and 5 wounded. Their loss west of Elk River, opposite Charleton, where they met with loss, could not be ascertained, as the bridge across the river was destroyed to prevent our crossing, thereby enabling them to carry off their dead and wounded. The capture of hospital and medical stores cannot fall short of $20,000.

Permit me, in conclusion, to congratulate you upon the success of your arms and the health and working condition of your army.

