
of Clarke's battalion, was conspicuous on the last two days of pursuit in leading the skirmishers. Captain Marye, of the ordnance department, was active, brave, and intelligent. I found his perception quick, his judgement good, and his courage of the highest order; his suggestions were useful to me. Captain Robinson and Poor, engineer officers, and men all behaved particularly and courage. Captain Stamps and Lieutenant Walker were particularly distinguished.

This hurried account embraces all that now occurs to me worth mentioning of the four days' march and fighting from Fayette Court-House to Charleston.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General,&amp;c.

Captain WILLIAM B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General,&c.

No. 10. Report of Colonel William H. Browne, Forty-fifth Virginia Infantry.

CAMP BLAN, NEAR CHARLESTON, W. VA., September 17, 1862.

SIR: You requested that I should give you a statement of the part which the Forty-fifth Regiment played in the three days' marching and fighting, commencing on September 10 and ending on the 12th.

In making the attack upon Fayetteville the Forty-fifth Regiment occupied the second place in the column of attack, Edgar's battalion, commanded by Major Davis, being at the head of the column. Advancing in this order to within perhaps 2 miles of Fayetteville, the advance guard of the battalion was fired into a picket of the enemy. By your order, the battalion was deployed as skirmishers, on the right of the road, and two companies of the Forty-fifth, under Lieutenant-Colonel Harman, on the left, and ordered to advance. The column was then ordered forward, under the protection of the skirmishers, who drove the enemy's skirmishers before them. Within half a mile of the enemy's fortifications his skirmishers made a stand in a dense laurel thicket. You then ordered up two pieces of Otey's battery. After a few rounds the skirmishers advanced again, driving the enemy before them. There were yet three small hills between us and the enemy's works, upon which the enemy was posted, and which were to be taken successively. I then moved, by your order, the Forty-fifth Virginia Regiment up the side of the first hill, which was in range of the enemy's guns, particularly the artillery. I here placed the right wing to hold and to divert the attention of the enemy, and while I moved the left wing by a flank movement through the woods to the next hill, I posted my left, then concealed, in sight of the enemy, with orders not to fire until I returned. I then brought up the right wing and posted them on the left and in advance of the right, under cover of the woods, when we opened upon the enemy and drove them from the house in front of the enemy's fortifications. Here the enemy threw grape and Minie-balls thick as hail around us. After some brisk fighting in this position, and when the enemy had been driven to his stronghold, I advanced my right obliquely to the left to a position in the woods to within about 100 yards of the enemy's fortifications.

