
arise. While our forces were getting into position, the entire line was vigorously attacked by the enemy's infantry and sharpshooters. At the same time the batteries poured in a well-directed fire of shell and grape.

Our officers behaved with great energy and gallantry in hurrying the men to the positions respectively assigned, and in repelling the attacks of the enemy. Three different attempts were made by

the enemy to dislodge us and drive us from our positions, each time with defeat and heavy loss to them. Late in the evening, as our ammunition was nearly exhausted, the men were ordered only to fire should the enemy advance. Major Bailey made three attempts to drive the enemy from the battery on our right, and succeeded, but could not hold the position, as both the battery and the space between our position and the battery were thoroughly commanded by the battery opposite our center.

About dark, our scouts reported that re-enforcements were approaching from the direction of Gauley Bridge, and, soon after, information was brought from our left flank both infantry and cavalry were see on the turnpike in the same direction. As soon as ammunition was brought up, our forces were thrown farther to the front and nearer the road, when the firing was renewed, the enemy two very vigorous efforts to drive us back. During these attacks, they succeeded in running by with a small body of cavalry and two or three pieces of artillery and some wagons. Their infantry, having been driven back, retired beyond the range of our arms, and made their escape under cover of the woodland and hills on the opposite side of the turnpike.

For the details of this engagement, I respectfully refer you to the reports* of Colonel Patton and Lieutenant-Colonels Forsberg and Clarke.

It was equally my duty and pleasure to bear testimony to the gallantry, cool bravery, and soldierly bearing of the above-named officers during the day and night. I also, with equal pleasure, call attention of the general commanding to the chivalric bearing and efficiency of Majors Bailey, Dickey, and Otey. All the officers and men behaved with commendable coolness and bravery.

On the morning of the 11th, the Thirty Brigade joined in the pursuit of the retreating enemy, crossed Cotton Hill by the old road, and united with the Second Brigade at Montgomery's Ferry, with which brigade it co-operated until the enemy were driven from Charleston.

I respectfully refer you to the surgeon's reports* for the list of casualties.

In the hurry of pursuit it was impossible to ascertain with accuracy the loss of the enemy. Prisoners taken represent that one of the regiments which engaged this brigade at Fayetteville lost in killed, wounded, and prisoners 150. Many more were killed and captured in the pursuit.

I desire particularly, and Mr. C. A. DeRussy, acting assistant adjutant-general, for the energy and promptitude with which the duties assigned them were discharged.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

G. C. WHARTON,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Captain WILLIAM B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

69 R R-VOL XIX, PT II

