
Embracing documents received too late for insertion in proper sequence.

Report of Major Silas M. Baily, Eighth Pennsylvania Reserves, of battles of South Mountain (14th) and Antietam, Md.(17th).

SEPTEMBER 21, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the battles of September 14 and September 17, 1862:

On the afternoon of the 14th, the Eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Corps came to the foot of the South Mountain. Immediately the division was formed in line of battle, General [Colonel] Magilton's brigade occupying the left, the Eighth constituting the extreme left. Soon after this arrangement, the whole line moved forward. Immediately after arriving at the base of the hill, they became engaged with the enemy, who were driven at every point, though they brought forward different regiments during the engagement. It gives me great pleasure to state that every officer and man behaved with great gallantry; still, our loss throws a shade of melancholy over the splendor of the action. First Lieutenant William M. Carter of Company B, a true soldier and brave man, fell, mortally wounded, whilst leading his men in the deadly conflict. One and another of the different commanders sealed their devotion to their country's interest by shedding their blood on the mountain's side.

The total loss was 15 killed and 34 wounded.

Captain C. L. Conner, of Company D, rendered me most important aid in command of the left wing during the entire action.

September 17.- One the afternoon of the 16th, the regiment again came in conflict with the enemy, who were in large force in the vicinity of Sharpsburg. They were immediately thrown into line of battle, and remained under arms during the night. Early on the morning of the 17th, the Eighth became engaged. Passing from their first position, through an open field, they were thrown beneath the galling fire of the unnatural foe. Still, without faltering, they pressed forward to the woods beyond, which they held against superior numbers until relieved. Our loss was less than could have been expected; 11 fell to rise no more; 40 received characterized both officers and men. Where all did their part so well, it would be invidious to mention individuals.

Respectfully submitted.

S. M. BAILY,

Major, Commanding Eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Corps.

Colonel A. L. MAGILTON,

Commanding 2nd Brigade, 3rd Division, 1st Army Corps.

