
if possible, Heintzelman's corps. If the enemy gives fight near Winchester it will be a desperate affair, requiring all our resources. I hope that no time will be lost in sending forward the re-enforcements, that I may get them in hand as soon as possible.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Knoxville, October 11, 1862-9 a. m. (Received 2.30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:*

* * * * *

We have been making every effort to get supplies of clothing for this army, and Colonel Ingalls has received advises that they have been forwarded by railroad, but owing to bad management on the roads, of from some other cause, they come in very slowly, and it will take a much longer time than was anticipated to get articles that are absolutely indispensable to the army unless the railroad managers forward supplies more rapidly.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,October 11, 1862-3.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

I am compelled again to cal your attention to the great deficiency of shoes and other indispensable articles of clothing that still exists in some of the corps of this army. Upon assurances of the chief quartermaster, who based his calculations upon information received from Washington that clothing would be forwarded at certain times, corps commanders sent their wagons to Hagerstown and Harper's Ferry for it. It did not arrive as promised, and has not yet arrived.

Unless some measures are taken to insure the prompt forwarding of these supplies, there will necessarily be a corresponding delay in getting the army ready to move, as the men cannot march without shoes. Everything has been done that can be done these headquarters to accomplish the desired result.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsements.]

OCTOBER 12, 1862.

The Quartermaster-General will please read this and return it.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

OCTOBER 12, 1862-1 p. m.

I was informed yesterday that everything called for in the way of clothing from this department, except blankets, had gone forward. There had been some delays for want of cars at this point. As we had not enough blankets and shelter-tents at this point, I ordered by tele-

*The whole of this dispatch is printed with reports of Stuart's raid, October 9-12.

