
the condition of Harper's Ferry as relating to the future movements of our army. From the day on which the enemy were driven from Maryland until the present time they have occupied points in Virginia partially visible from the stations of observation established upon our lines. These have been maintained upon the mountain at McClellan's Gap, east town, on Maryland Heights, on Bolivar Heights, on Sugar Loaf Mountain, and on Fairview Heights, northwest of Martinsburg. The range Seneca River on the east to Hancock, Md., on the west, far south into the Shenandoah Valley and north into Maryland. It has been difficult for any movement of importance to be made by the enemy without being noticed from some of these stations.

As a summary of the operations of the corps as connected with this campaign, I have to report that these operations have extended in the in Maryland. There have been occupied in all fifty-one stations. I showing the plan of the stations at the battle of Antietam. From before the departure of this army from Washington to the present time, the country in which it was to operate, or through which it was to pass, has been always under observation from some of these positions. The duties of the signal officers require that their watchfulness and reports should embrace occurrences in the night equally with those in the day. In each of the engagements of the campaign, officers of the corps have taken some part. They claim to have announced the entry of the enemy into Maryland, and his retreat beyond the Potomac.

Of the value to this army of the watchfulness of these officers, of their observation, and the consequent reports made by them, and of their transmission of intelligence, the general who commands the army can best judge. Of the zeal with which the officers have tried to aid have undergone hardships few officers are required to meet, it is my duty to make mention.

The following officers are mentioned for their services during this campaign:

For services at Sugar Loaf Mountain, September 4, 1862, observing and reporting the advance of the enemy into Maryland: First Lieutenant B. N. Miner, Thirty-fourth New York Volunteers. The signal station was held so long by this officer that he was captured in leaving it.

For services at Sugar Loaf Mountain from the time of its recapture and during the engagement at Catoctin Pass, and the battles at South Mountain and Antietam: First Lieutenant W. W. Rowley, Twenty-eighth New York Volunteers; First Lieutenant J. S. Hall, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers; First Lieutenant W. B. Roe, Sixteenth Michigan Volunteers; Second Lieutenant J. H. Spencer, First Minnesota Volunteers.

For services at Point of Rocks prior to and during the battle of South Mountain: First Lieutenant I. J. Harvey, Second Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps; Second Lieutenant F. Horner, Sixth New Jersey Volunteers; Second Lieutenant A. B. Jerome, First New Jersey Volunteers.

For services at the battle of South Mountain: First Lieutenant J. C. Paine, Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers; First Lieutenant C. F. Stone, Sixth Maine Volunteers; First Lieutenant F. E. Yates, Fourth Excelsior; Second Lieutenant W. F. Barrett, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, stationed at the tower at Middletown; First Lieutenant S. Adams,

