
Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers; Second Lieutenant R. Dinsmore, Fifth Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps, stationed at Catoctin Ridge, west of Frederick; Second Lieutenant N. H. Camp, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers; Second Lieutenant G. J. Clark, Sixty-second New York Volunteers, stationed near the General-in-Chief.

For services at the battle of Antietam and on the pursuit to Shepherdstown, Va.: First Lieutenant F. Wilson, Fifth Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps; Second Lieutenant F. W. Owen, Thirty-eighth New York Volunteers, occupying the advance station near Roulette's house, and bravely maintaining it for some hours under an artillery fire; First Lieutenant J. B. Brooks, Fourth Vermont Volunteers; Second Lieutenant W. H. Hill, Ninety ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, occupying a station near the Hagerstown turnpike, and Freely exposing themselves under fire in the discharge of their duties (this station was near the right of the army); First Lieutenant E. C. Pierce, Third Maine Volunteers; Second Lieutenant William F. Barrett, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, occupying a station near the position of Generals Sumner and Smith upon the field; First Lieutenant William S. Stryker, Twelfth Virginia Volunteers; First Lieutenant J. C. Paine, Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers; First Lieutenant C. F. Stone, Sixth Maine Volunteers; First Lieutenant P. A. Taylor, Forty-ninth New York Volunteers, at Headquarters station, near the general commanding the army; First Lieutenant S. Pierce, Twenty seventh New York Volunteers; First Lieutenant C. S. Kendall, First Massachusetts Volunteers, near General Burnside's headquarters, on the left of the army; First Lieutenant E. L. Halsted, Fortieth New York Volunteers, on Washington Monument, on Blue Ridge; First Lieutenant J. A. Hebrew, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Second Lieutenant F. Horner, Sixth New Jersey Volunteers, with the advance on the 19th and at the attack on the enemy's batteries near Shepherdstown.

Captain B. F. Fisher, acting signal officer, in immediate charge of the party with the Army of the Potomac, and under whose personal supervision many of the stations reported were established, is entitled to mention for the zeal which has characterized his conduct throughout the campaign, and the courage and ability with which he discharged his duties at the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

There are laid before the commanding general in this list the names of officers who have served in the presence of the enemy now for more than a year, and whose labors have elicited the official thanks of generals and their commanders. There is hardly one whose name has not been more than once officially mentioned for gallant or faithful service upon the Peninsula, in the Valley of the Shenandoah, or on the Rappahannock. There is yet no definite mode by which to give them substantial reward or promotion.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT J. MYER,

Signal Officer, and Major, U. S. Army.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac

