
the party, and, with several companies, rode forward to learn the character of the country in which we were expecting our services to be required. We extended our ride, after visiting Seneca Station, to within a few miles of Poolesville, nd then returned to camp.

Tuesday, 9th, I ordered Lieutenants Gloskoski and Owen to reopen the station at Seneca, and Lieutenants Camp nd Clark to report to General Pleasonton, who had advanced to Poolesville, and open communication with Seneca. In the afternoon I received instructions to connect the headquarters of General Sumner on the right and those of Major-General Couch on the left with those of General Franklin near the center; succeeded in connecting the two latter, but it was late in the day to connect the two former.

Wednesday, September 10, moved forward to-Barnsville, taking with me Lieutenants Wicker, Hill, Brooks, Taylor, Hebrew, and Pierce. The cavalry had considerable skirmishing during the day, but no opportunity offered for us to use our signals to any advantage. During the evening I was assured by General Pleasonton tat our forces would occupy Sugar Loaf Mountain During the next day.

Thursday, September 11, connected the advance with General Franklin's headquarters. Sent Lieutenants Brooks and Taylor to Poolesville, with instructions to watch for the appearance of our flag on Sugar Loaf Mountain. About 2 o'clock, learning that the cavalry were on the mountain, I asked for a detail of 20 men, and started forward, passing the pickets about a half a mile from the foot of the hill.

We arrived on the summit about 3.30 in the afternoon, and opened communication immediately with the officers sent in the morning to Poolesville; also with officers stationed near General Franklin's headquarters. Sent official reports of our observations to General McClellan and General Franklin, requesting permission form the latter to retain our escort until the next morning. Lieutenants Roe and Hall, who joined us on our way up the mountain, were left in charge of the station, in accordance with your orders, though I had intended to leave Lieutenants Hill and Brooks with Lieutenant Wicker, who were acquainted with the country and its roads. Lieutenants Hill and Lebrew were then directed to select some point near General Sumner's headquarters, and open communication with the officers on the mountain, reporting the establishment of said communication to the general after it should be in successful operation.

Friday, September 12, joined the camp near Urbana, having established two several points along the route with the station on the mountain and headquarters as it passed by. Opened communication from a point near the camp-ground in the evening. During the day Lieutenants Rowley and Spencer were ordered by yourself to Sugar Loaf Mountain to assist in the management and working of said station. Received a message form Lieutenant Fralick, stating that he had arrived at Point of Rocks. I sent him Lieutenants Harvey, Jerome, and Horner, who were to establish a station under the direction of Lieutenant Harvey at the Point.

Saturday, September 13, went forward early in the morning to Frederick, which had been occupied by our troops the evening of the day before. Located two officers in the cemetery to open communication with the station on Sugar Loaf Mountain, while I rode out to the gap west of Frederick and reported to General Pleasonton. Having left two officers there, and sent two back to the city, I had with little delay the pleasure of seeing the line working satisfactorily. The enemy having been driven back and closely followed by our cavalry and artillery to the foot of the South Mountain, two officers, Lieutenants Camp and

