
Clark, accompanied General Pleasonton to the village, while Lieutenants Hebrew and Yates took position on the crest of the mountain, between Frederick and the former place, opening communication with the officers in Middletown, but failing to attract attention of the officers at the headquarters station. This line was a failure, though at one time it was working and several important messages were sent to General Burnside by General Pleasonton.

Sunday, September 14, moved forward to Middletown. Located Lieutenants Dinsmore and Adams on the crest of Short Mountain to communicate with the station on Sugar Loaf Mountain and the station at Middletown, near General McClellan's headquarters, thus connecting our advanced position with the telegraph station at Point of Rocks. Opened communication between General Pleasonton's position, upon the field of battle, then raging in the vicinity, where the Hagerstown pike crosses South Mountain, and that of General McClellan near Middletown. During the afternoon I ordered Lieutenants Hill and Wicker to select a point as far up the mountain as possible, and communicate back to Middletown. This detail, I was informed, was interfered with by General Pleasonton, and the officers returned to their old position near the batteries. In the afternoon, by your direction, Lieutenants Paine and Carey were sent to the field on the mountain, but did not succeed in working to advantage before night terminated the contest that raged at times fearfully along the side and summit of the mountain. During the day I sent Lieutenant Kendall to join Lieutenant Pierce, then with General Franklin's column, with instructions to communicate with Middletown, either directly or through the mountain station. Of these two officers I heard no more until they joined us at Keedysville.

Monday, September 15, by your direction, Lieutenants Camp and Clark took position on the crest of South Mountain to communicate with Lieutenants Wilson and Owen, near General McClellan's headquarters. Lieutenants Wicker and Gloskoski were ordered to report to General Burnside, who was crossing the mountain on a road about a mile south of the main road and leading directly toward Sharpsburg. Lieutenants Halsted and E. Pierce took position on the mountain near the main road, but were withdrawn during the day, and Lieutenant Halsted ordered to Washington Monument. We remained over night near Boonsborough, and next morning pushed forward to Keedysville, expecting a decisive battle to be fought during the day. According to instructions, I placed Lieutenants Camp and?Clark to open communication with Lieutenant Wicker at a central point, near Keedysville, to communicate with Lieutenants Owen and Stone, on the extreme left; Lieutenants Hill and Carey at the center, and Lieutenants Wilson and Barrett on the right. During part of the day I was with General Meade's command, on the extreme right, making observations and reporting them to him and headquarters. In the afternoon I was at the central station, and in the evening receiving instructions from you to open communication with the mountain station, but received it too late for any effect that day. During the afternoon sent Lieutenant Hill to report to General Hooker, who had moved to the right beyond General Meade's position.

The next morning, Wednesday, September 17, the great battle of the Antietam opened. Placed Lieutenants Wilson and Barrett on the hill near the headquarters of General McClellan, to communicate with Lieutenants Hill and Brooks, near General Sumner's headquarters, on the extreme right. Established a station communicating with the station

