
on the mountain, and assisted Lieutenant Owen in receiving messages during the morning. In the afternoon I went out to Lieutenants Kendall and L. Pierce, on the extreme left, to assist in selecting a point from which we could communicate to headquarters; found that it was impossible to communicate direct, and therefore called the station on Elk Mountain, and through it opened communication form a point near General Burnside's position with the station at said headquarters. Lieutenants Pierce and Barrett were directed to go to the front, on the west side of the Antietam, and open communication with headquarters, which was successfully accomplished, and reported by them to the generals commanding troops in that vicinity. Lieutenants Wicker and Clark were also directed to take position in a certain field beyond the position selected by Lieutenants Pierce and Barrett. They arrived at the designated pace, opened communication with Lieutenant Wilson at headquarters, but shortly afterward, our line being driven back at that point, their flag disappeared, and when next heard from they were somewhere beyond Lieutenant Hill's position. Lieutenant Clark states in his report that this to us unaccountable change of position was contrary to his understanding of instructions received, but he was overruled by Lieutenant Wicker's idea of what their instructions were, and thus yielded to the change. Lieutenants Wilson and Owen were afterward directed to take the position thus left vacant, which they did, and bravely held it until the enemy retreated.

Lieutenants Taylor and Stone, having charge of that part of Headquarters station communicating with the stations on the west side of the Antietam, were very prompt and attentive to all calls given. After lieutenant Owen was ordered to the other side of the Antietam, Lieutenant Struker was left in charge of the one branch of Headquarters station, and, with the exception of several intervals, rained during the two succeeding days, almost constantly employed in receiving messages from the station on Elk mountain. I would here take the opportunity of stating that the officers at this station, which was during the 17th and 18th a most important one, were undivided in their attention to their duties, answering calls promptly, and reading, with few exceptions, with good success. During the day the officers from the stations along the road pursued during the advance of the army reported at Headquarters station, they having been called in for other duties, by an order that directed Lieutenants Dinsmore and Adams to establish a station in the vicinity of Frederick, open communication with the station on Sugar Loaf Mountain, and send forward by telegraph all reports received. The station on Elk Mountain, manned by Lieutenants Gloskoski and Camp, sent many important messages during the day. In the afternoon, you being present on the mountain in person, we had the benefit of your own observations. At the approach of night the wearied armies ceased their strife, and for the time the battle was over.

About 8 o'clock p. m. I returned to cap to attend to duties relation to the necessaries and comforts of my command.]In the morning, expecting the battle to be renewed, 6 o'clock found me at the Headquarters station. During the morning a continued stream of messages flowed from the mountain stations, and were received by Lieutenant Paine and myself, Lieutenant Stryker having accompanied Lieutenants Wicker and L. Pierce, who were stationed on the left, near General Burnside's position, the other stations remaining as they were the day previous, Lieutenant Stryker having returned from the left and Lieutenant Paine receiving the messages from the mountain during the day, Lieutenants Kendall and Hebrew relieving them in the evening.

9 R R-VOL XIX, PT 7

