
(Indorsement.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,White Plains, Va., November 7, 1862.

From the moment Captain Babcock and his party joined me near Sharpsburg to the present time, the party has been actively, energetically, and in many cases perseveringly engaged in opening communication with general headquarters and other points of observation, and has been of the best service to me and the corps. His difficulties are expressed in the within communication of Captain Babcock, and also his labors to some extent. Wherever there was a failure to communicate with general headquarters, it was not due to any want of exertion of Captain Babcock or his party, which was ever ready for duty and watchful all hours.

If it were in the power of the commanding general to provide signal parties at each corps headquarters, the value of the system would be more highly appreciated and their presence always desired, if they work as faithfully and intelligently as Captain Babcock and his party. Their services at the present time, when there are so many prominent points of observation, are especially valuable in aiding communication with different points of the army, and inestimable in case of a general action.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 8. Report of First Lieutenant Peter A. Taylor, Forty-ninth New York Infantry, Acting Signal Officer, U. S. Army, of operations September 11-30.

SIGNAL STATION, GENERAL HEADQUARTERS, October 1, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of signal duty in the month of September, 1862:

(Received.)

SEPTEMBER 11.-(At Poolesville Station, Md.)

To Major MYER:

We occupy Sugar Loaf.

FISHER AND OTHERS.

(Received.)

To General McCLELLAN, from Sugar Loaf:

We see two regiments of cavalry near Frederick. No other signs of enemy in Maryland. Opposite Point of Rocks is a large force encamped.

HALL.

(Sent.)

SEPTEMBER 12.

To B. F. FISHER:

Headquarters are at Middleburg. All right. Report any movement of enemy to ward Frederick and Leesburg.

Major MYER.

(Received.)

To Lieutenants BROOKS and TAYLOR:

You will go to Urbana immediately.

FISHER.

