
to wave in answer to my call; every face then brightened up, and men exclaimed with smiles, "That's ours!"

November 15, I, in company with Lieutenant Owen, relieved the officers on Watery Mountain. Watery Mountain is a fine point of observation, and it is enough to ascend the top of it to find the desired place; there is a tree known to every one, called the "View tree," and the place where it stands affords view almost in all directions.

We reported from that station all we saw worthy of report, viz, smoke of the enemy's camp-fires at Manassas Gap.

From 19th to 24th instant we were posted on a station near Falmouth, close to Captain Pettit's battery in position, and opposite the enemy's guns. Our reports, then, if of any value, are of too recent a date to need repeating.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GLOSKOSKI,

Lieutenant Twenty-ninth Regiment N. Y. Vols., Acting Signal Officer.

Lieutenant WILLIAM S. STRYKER,

Adjutant, Signal Corps.

Numbers 10. Reports of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of

Northern Virginia, of operations September 2-November 15.
HEADQUARTERS, TWO MILES FROM FREDERICKTOWN, MD.,September 7, 1862. (Received September 10, 1862.)

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that Lieutenant-Colonel Funk reports that he took possession of Winchester at 11 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd instant, the enemy having abandoned the town on the night of the 2d. They blew up their large magazine, burnt an enormous amount of quartermaster's and commissary stores, and about two squares some fine guns, medical stores, tents, cooking utensils, &amp;c., were left behind, which have been taken possession of by Colonel Funk, I have directed that he make reports of the captured articles to the proper department, and I desire that they be secured. As I have directed that Winchester be made a depot for this army, and have sent there our disabled men, horses, batteries, and surplus wagon=trains, in order that they may be recruited and refreshed, I particularly want a good commander for that post, one of energy and experience, who will bring everything into order, give confidence to the community, and take advantage of the resources of the country. It has occurred to me that one of our gallant wounded generals, too enfeebled to take the field, might do valuable service in that position, and I would recommend that General Edward Johnson, if capable of performing the duty, be assigned to the post. His services have earned him promotion, which I earnestly recommend, and hope that circumstances may authorize it.

I inclose you a report* of General Julius White's command, lately in Winchester, whose troops retired in the direction of Harper's Ferry and Martinsburg, and as I learn from rumor, have retreated to Pennsylvania.

I wish shops opened at Winchester for the repair of our batteries,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

