
courage were conspicuous, and to its assistance is due, in a great measure, the success of some of the most important and delicate operations of the campaign.

Respectfully submitted.

R. E. LEE

General

General S. COOPER

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

Numbers 11.

Extracts from Journal of Lieutenant Colonel E. P. Alexander, Chief of Ordance, Army of Northern Virginia, October 1-November 15.

Army encamped on the turnpike between Winchester and Bunker Hill; ordance office, with headquarters in camp, 6 miles from Winchester. During this period [?] the arms and accouterments captured at Harper's Ferry and collected at Winchester were issued to recruits and returned sick, and 2,000 serviceable arms from those collected on the field at Groveton were brought up and distributed.

Requisition made on Richmond for 3,000 arms and 4,000 accouterments.

Captain McPhail ordered to open ammunition depot in Staunton. Lieutenant Anderson to relieve him with ordance reserve train. Sixteen wagon-loads issued from this train, and wagons sent to Staunton and returned loaded.

On the 7th, twenty-three more loads having been issued, the wagons were loaded with damaged stores, tools, &amp;c., from the Winchester depot (which is being broken up), and sent to Staunton to unload and return with more ammunition, except three, which are to go to Strasburg for 75,000 rounds captured ammunition reported there. Application made by General Stuart, commanding cavalry, to exchange rifles for the Enfield carbines (artillery) in the hands of our infantry. Agreed to, where he could give rifles with bayonets, and in sufficient numbers to exchange the arms of an entire company and not mixed calibers.

Eighteen inefficient batteries broken up, and horses, men, and guns given where needed to other batteries. Extra guns turned in to Ordnance Department, and arrangements made for transporting them to Staunton.

Friday, October 10.-Position of army unchanged.

Saturday, October 11.-Position of army unchanged. Letter from and to General Pendleton on assignment of {Parrott 20-pounders (coming from Richmond) to Lane's battery, and arrangements for sending to the rear light guns now in its possession. Note from General Jackson that all deficiencies of ordance wagons in his corps should be made up. Requisitions for about twelve wagon loads ammunition for Stuart's cavalry division.

Sunday, October 12.- Position of army unchanged.

Monday, October 13.-Position of army unchanged.

Tuesday, October 14.-Position of army unchanged. Cavalry under General Stuart returned from a raid into Pennsylvania and entirely around the army of the enemy, crossing the river at Hancock, going via Mercersburg, Chambersburg, Gettysburg, Hyattstown, and Urbana, and recrossing at White's Ford; thence to Leesburg and Snickersville,

