
attending their loss, the loss of the other three being already understood. Telegram from Captain McPhail of arrival of 3,000 arms and accouterments in Staunton. Reply: "Forward immediately." General Lee orders reduction of corps ordnance reserve trains of Jackson and Long street to supply missing division wagons-41 missing in Jackson's and 55 in Longstreet's corps-but will order no more wagons to the divisions.

* * * * * * *

Tuesday, October 21.-Telegram from Captain McPhail of arrival at Staunton of thirty-eight guns turned in by broken-up batteries, with chests full of ammunition. Reply: "Write to Colonel Gorgas for boxes and men to pack it." Colonel Corley requested to hurry quartermaster at Staunton in sending forward arms. Telegram from McPhail of arrival of heavy guns from Winchester. Replied: "Send to Richmond." Letter from Captain Read that the 3-inch gun lost by him was brought off the field by my reserve ordnance train and saved. From Captain Maurin that rifled piece lost by him was abandoned in woods at night, his road being lost and horses broken down; sent for next day, but had been removed; does not know by whom. From Captain Moorman, that Colonel Manning's report that he had lost two Parrots and a caisson was incorrect; one Parrot only had axle cut, and was hauled to the rear, and taken by some one (probably my reserve train, which brought off several) while the men had gone for another carriage for it. This reduces Manning's report of losses by two Parrotts and one 3-inch.

Wednesday, October 22.-Position of army unchanged.

Thursday, October 23.-Position of army unchanged.

Friday, October 24.-Position of army unchanged.

Saturday, October 25.-General Walker's division moved to Paris Gap, of the Blue Ridge. General Jackson's corps tearing up Baltimore and Ohio Railroad beyond Martinsburg. Position of rest of army unchanged. Letter to Colonel Gorgas, asking 1,000 arms and 2,000 extra accouterments in addition to those already asked for; also for extra fuses, Whitworth shell, Manuals prepared by Ordnance Board, and recent edition of Ordnance Manual, mallets, Borman fuse-openers, concerning examination of Lieutenants Duffy and Ward, and recommending that a gun and two caissons lost by Captain Lloyd be charged to him. Report received from Captain Barnwell and Colonel Cutts of losses of ordnance in Maryland campaign and of ammunition on hand in reserve batteries. Colonel Cutts reports having been left on mountain at Boonsborough on the morning after the battle without orders, with four 6-gun batteries, and having found Captains Bondurant and Lloyd near by, also without orders. Not knowing where the army was, he withdrew as best he could, being nearly surrounded by enemy, and in retreating had to leave two guns, whose axles broke-one of Captain Lloyd's (iron 6-pounder) and one of Captain Ross' (12-pounder howitzer). Report submitted to General Lee.

Sunday, October 26.-Position of army unchanged.

Monday, October 27.-Position of army unchanged. Requisition from Captain J. E. Cooke, chief of ordnance cavalry division, for 500 Sharps carbines, 6 Smith's carbines, 500 saddles, bridles, halters, &amp;c. Reply: "None on hand. Requisitions will be made on Richmond for saddles, &c" Army en route for eastern slope of mountains. Orders received to move with reserve ordnance train between Pendleton's artillery and Longstreet's corps.

Wednesday, October 29.-Left General Lee's headquarters, and, joining ordnance train, marched to Nineveh, 11 miles from Winchester, and encamped. In passing through Winchester heard of arrival on another

