
road of ten wagons-loads of arms and accouterments from Staunton. Dispatched messenger to take them to Colonel Manning for General Longstreet's corps.

Thursday, October 30.-In camp at Nineveh, awaiting passage of Longstreet's corps.

Friday, October 31.-In camp, awaiting passage of Longstreet's corps. Saturday, November 1.-Moved with reserve ordnance train from Nineveh across the Shenandoah, and encamped near Front Royal, in rear of General Pendleton's reserve artillery.

Sunday, November 2.-Moved with train across the Blue Ridge Mountains, and encamped near Gaines' Cross-Roads.

Monday, November 3.-Moved with train on road to Culpeper CourtHouse, via Sperryville, and encamped on pike 16 miles from Culpeper. Issued on road 200 rounds 3-inch ammunition and 500 friction-primers to Stuart Horse Artillery.

Tuesday, November 4.-Moved with train to Culpeper Court-House, and encamped with General Lee's headquarters train, encamping near town. Telegram from Captain McPhail, October 29, that Captain Stribling wanted two 24-pounder howitzers, captured at Harper's Ferry. Replied: "Issue them, and move everything to Gordonsville."

Thursday, November 6.-Longstreet's corps in position about Culpeper; Jackson across Blue Ridge, about Manassas Gap. Large force of enemy advancing toward the Rappahannock, and continued hot skirmishing of the cavalry in front. Moved ordnance train to camp nearer headquarters.

Friday, November 7.-Ordered to assume command of Colonel S. D. Lee's battalion of artillery, but not relieved from ordnance duty until arrival of some officer to replace me.

Monday, November 10.-Reconnaissance in force made by General Stuart, causing heavy firing in front all day. Wagon trains and batteries harnessed up all day.

Saturday, November 15.-Report from Colonel Manning, chief [of] ordnance, First Corps, of probably 1,500 surplus arms, &amp;c., on hand after arming recruits for whole corps. Requisition received at night (after telegraphing to General Jackson to know if he still wanted arms) for 4,500 arms and accouterments for General Jackson's corps (Second). Enemy's came shelled by General Stuart.

