
September 17, 1862.-Brigadier General Alpheus S. Williams, U. S. Army resumes command of the Second Corps, Army of Virginia.

Major General George G. Meade. U. S. Army, assumes 			command of the Third Corps, Army of Virginia.

18, 1862.-Brigadier General Alpheus S. Williams, U. S. Army, assumes 		command of the Twelfth Army Corps.

18-19, 1862.-The Army of Northern Virginia recrosses the Potomac 			near Shepherdstown, W. Va.

19, 1862.-Skirmishes at Sharpsburg, Shepherdstown 			(Blackford's, or Boteler's) Ford, and near Williamsport, Md.

20, 1862.-Action near Shepherdstown, W. Va.

Skirmish near Hagerstown, Md.

Skirmish near Williamsport, Md.

REPORTS.*

ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Numbers 1.-Organization of the Army of the Potomac, Major General George B. 	 McClellan, U. S. Army, commanding, September 14-17, 1862.

Numbers 2.-Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Potomac of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam, with congratulatory orders, &amp;c.

Numbers 3.-Return of casualties in the Union forces at the battle of 	 Crampton's Pass Md.

Numbers 4.-Return of casualties in the Union forces at the battle of

South Mountain (Turner's Pass), Md.

Numbers 5.-Return of casualties in the Union forces at the battle of

Antietam, Md.

No. 6.-Return of casualties in the Union forces in the skirmishes at

Sharpsburg, Shepherdstown Ford, and near Williamsport, Md.,

September 19, and action near Shepherdstown, W. Va.,	 September 20, 1862, and general summary for the campaign.

Numbers 7.- Brigadier General Henry J. Hunt, U. S. Army, Chief of Artillery,

Army of the Potomac, of operations September 5-20.

Numbers 8.-Brigadier General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding 	 Cavalry Division of operations September 4-17.

Numbers 9.-Major General Joseph Hooker, U. S. Army, commanding First Army

Corps, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam, with

congratulations of General McClellan.

Numbers 10.-Brigadier General John P. Hatch, U. S. Army, commanding First 	 Division, of the battle of South Mountain.

Numbers 11.-Brigadier General Abner Doubleday, U. S. Army, commanding First

Division of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 12.-Captain J. Albert Monroe, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery First Division, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 13.-Lieutenant James, Stewart, Battery B, Fourth U. S. Artillery, 	 of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 14.-Colonel Walter Phelps, jr., Twenty-second New York Infantry,

commanding First Brigade, of the Battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 15.-Lieutenant Col, J. William Hofmann, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania

Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 16.-Colonel William P. Wainwright, Seventy-sixth New York

Infantry, of the battle of South Mountain.

Numbers 17.-Lieutenant Colonel J. William Hofmann, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania

Infantry, of the battle of South Mountain.

