
Numbers 18.-Captain Frederick Williams, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania

Infantry, of the littlest of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 19.-Brigadier General Marsena R. Patrick, U. S. Army, commanding

Third Brigade, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 20.-Lieutenant Colonel Theodore B. Gates, Eightieth New York Infantry (Twentieth Militia), of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 21.-Brigadier General John Gibbon, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth

Brigade, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 22.-Colonel Solomon Meredith, Nineteenth Indiana Infantry, of the

battle of South Mountain.

Numbers 23.-Captain William W. Dudley, Nineteenth Indiana Infantry, of

the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 24.-Colonel Lucius Fairchild, Second Wisconsin Infantry, of the

battle of South Mountain.

Numbers 25.-Lieutenant Colonel Edward S. Bragg, Sixth Wisconsin Infantry, of 	 the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 26.-Captain John B. Callis, Seventh Wisconsin Infantry, of the 	 battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 27.-Brigadier General James B. Ricketts, U. S. Army, commanding

Second Division, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 28.-Captain James MacThomson, One hundred and seventh

Pennsylvania Infantry First Brigade, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 29.-Lieutenant Colonel Richard H. Richardson, Twenty-sixth New York

Infantry, Second Brigade, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 30.-Lieutenant Samuel A. Moffett, Ninety-fourth New York Infantry, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 31.-Captain Henry R. Myers, Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry,

of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 32.-Colonel Peter Lyle, Ninetieth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 33.-Brigadier General George G. Meade, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 34.-Captain James H. Cooper, Battery B, First Pennsylvania Light

Artillery, of the battle of South Mountain.

Numbers 35.-Brigadier General Truman Seymour, U. S. Army, commanding First

Brigade, of the battle of South Mountain.

Numbers 36.-Colonel Albert L. Magilton, Fourth Pennsylvania Reserves,

commanding Second Brigade, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 37.-Lieutenant Colonel Robert Anderson, Ninth Pennsylvania Reserves,

commanding Third Brigade, of the battle of South Mountain.

Numbers 38.-Major General Edwin V. Sumner, U. S. Army, commanding Second and Twelfth Army Corps, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 39.-Brigadier General Winfield S. Hancock, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Second Army Corps, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 40.-Captain Rufus D. Pettit, Battery B, First New York Light

Artillery, of skirmish on Antietam Creek and battle of Antietam.

Numbers 41.-Lieutenant Evan Thomas, Battery A, Fourth U. S. Artillery, of

the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 42.-Brigadier General John C. Caldwell, U. S. Army, commanding First

Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 43.-Colonel Edward E. Cross, Fifth New Hampshire Infantry, of

skirmish at Boonsborough and battle of Antietam.

Numbers 44.-Captain Charles Brestel, Seventh New York Infantry, of the

battle of Antietam.

Numbers 45.-Colonel Francis C. Barlow, commanding Sixty-first and Sixty- fourth New York Infranty, of the battle of Antietam.

