
Numbers 46.-Lieutenant Colonel Nelson A. Miles, Sixty-first New York Infantry, commanding Sixty-first and Sixty-fourth New York Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 47.-Major H. Boyd McKeen, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, of

the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 48.-Brigadier General Thomas Francis Meagher, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 49.-Lieutenant Colonel Henry Fowler, Sixty-third New York Infantry, of battle of Antietam.

Numbers 50.-Major James Cavanagh, Sixty-ninth New York Infantry, of battle of Antietam.

Numbers 51.-Lieutenant Colonel Patrick Kelly, Eighty-eighth New York Infantry,

of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 52.-Colonel John R. Brooke, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Infantry,

commanding Third Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 53.-Captain David L. Stricker, Second Delaware Infantry, of

skirmish on Antietam Creek and battle of Antietam.

Numbers 54.-Colonel Paul Frank, Fifty-second New York Infantry, of

skirmish on Antietam Creek and battle of Antietam.

Numbers 55.-Major Alford B. Chapman, Fifty-seventh New York Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 56.-Captain Julius Wehle, Sixty-sixth New York Infantry, of the

battle of Antietam.

Numbers 57.-Lieutenant Colonel Richards McMichael, Fifty-third Pennsylvania

Infranty, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 58.-Brigadier General Oliver O. Howard, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 59.-Captain John A. Tompkins, Battery A, First Rhode Island Light

Artillery, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 60.-Lieutenant George A. Woodruff, Battery I, First U. S. 	 Artillery, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 61.-Brigadier General Willis A. Gorman, U. S. Army, commanding First

Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 62.-Lieutenant Colonel John W. Kimball, Fifteenth Massachusetts

Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 63.-Colonel Alfred Sully, First Minnesota Infantry, of the battle

of Antietam.

Numbers 64.-Colonel James A. Suiter, Thirty-fourth New York Infantry, of

the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 65.-Colonel Henry W. Hudson, Eighty-second New York Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 66.-Colonel Joshua T. Owen, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry,

commanding Second Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 67.-Brigadier General Napoleon J. T. Dana, U. S. Army, commanding

Third Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 68.-Colonel Norman J. Hall, Seventh Michigan Infantry, commanding

Third Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 69.-Captain H. G. O. Weymouth, Nineteenth Massachusetts Infantry,

of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 70.-Brigadier General Williams H. French, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 71.-Captain John D. Frank, Battery G, First New York Light Artillery, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 72.-Captain Charles D. Owen, Battery G, First Rhode Island Light

Artillery, or the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 73.-Brigadier General Nathan Kimbell, U. S. Army, commanding First

Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

