
Numbers 74.-Colonel William Harrow, Fourteenth Indiana Infantry, of the

battle of Antietam.

Numbers 75.-Lieutenant Colonel Franklin Sawyer, Eighth Ohio Infantry, of the

battle of Antietam.

Numbers 76.-Lieutenant Colonel Vincent M. Wilcox, One hundred and thirty- second Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 77.-Colonel Joseph Snider, Seventh West Virginia Infranty, of the

battle of Antietam.

Numbers 78.-Colonel Dwight Morris, Fourteenth Connecticut Infranty, commanding Second Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 79.-Lieutenant Colonel Sanford H. Perkins, Fourteenth Connecticut

Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 80.-Colonel Oliver H. Palmer, One hundred and eighth New York

Infranty, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 81.-Colonel Henry I. Zinn, One hundred and thirtieth Pennsylvania

Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 82.-Colonel John W. Andrews, First Delaware Infantry, commanding

Third Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 83.-Colonel John W. Andrews, First Delaware Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 84.-Major General Fitz John Porter, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth

Army Corps, of the battle of Antietam, skirmish at Blackford's or Boteler's Ford, and action near Shepherdstown.

Numbers 85.-Lieutenant Colonel William Hays, U. S. Army, commanding

Artillery Reserve, of the battle of Antietam and skirmish at Blackford's or Botler's Ford.

Numbers 86.-Captain William M. Graham, Battery K, First U. S. Artillery,

of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 87.-Captain John B. Isler, First U. S. Sharpshooters, of skirmish

at Blackford's or Boteler's Ford.

Numbers 88.-Colonel James Barnes, Eighteenth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding First Brigade, First Division, of action near Shepherdstown.

Numbers 89.-Lieutenant Colonel James Gwyn, One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Infantry, of action near Shepherdstown.

Numbers 90.-Brigadier General Charles Griffin, U. S. Army, commanding Second

Brigade, First Division, of operations September 17-27, including skirmish at Blackford's or Boteler's Ford.

Numbers 91.-Brigadier General George Sykes, U. S. Army, commanding Second

Division, of the battle of Antietam, skirmish at Blackford's or Boteler's Ford, and action near Shepherdstown.

Numbers 92.-Lieutenant Alanson M. Randol, Battery E. First U. S. Artillery,

of take battle of Antietam, and skirmish at Shepherdstown Ford (Blackford's or Boteler's Ford).

Numbers 93.-Captain Stephen H. Weed, Battery I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, of

the battle of Antietam, skirmish at Blackford's or Boteler's Ford, and action near Shepherdstown.

Numbers 94.-Lieutenant William E. Van Reed, commanding Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery, of operations September 11-22, including the battle of Antietam, skirmish at Blackford's or Boteler's Ford, and action near Shepherdstown.

Numbers 95.-Lieutenant Colonel Robert C. Buchanan, Fourth U. S. Infantry,

commanding First Brigade, of the battle of Antietam and skirmish at Shepherdstown Ford.

Numbers 96.-Captain John D. Wilkins, Third U. S. Infantry, of the battle

of Antietam.

Numbers 97.-Captain Hiram Dryer, Fourth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of

Antietam.

Numbers 98.-Captain Matthew M. Blunt, Twelfth U. S. Infantry, of the

battle of Antietam.

Numbers 99.-Captain Thomas M. Anderson, Twelfth U. S. Infantry, of the

battle of Antietam.

11 R R-VOL XIX, PT I

