
Numbers 100.-Captain W. Harvey Brown, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, of the

battle of Antietam.

Numbers 101.-Captain David B. McKibbin, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, of

the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 102.-Major Charles S. Lovell, Tenth U. S. Infantry, commanding

Second Brigade, of action near Shepherdstown.

Numbers 103.-Lieutenant John S. Poland, Second U. S. Infantry, commanding

battalion Second and Tenth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Antietam and action near Shepherdstown.

Numbers 104.-Captain Levi C. Bootes, Sixth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Antietam and action near shepherdstown.

Numbers 105.-Major DeL. Floyd-Jones, Eleventh U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Antietam and action near Shepherdstown.

Numbers 106.-Major George L. Andrews, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry, of

action near Shepherdstown.

Numbers 107.-Captain Cleveland Winslow, Fifth New York Infantry, Third Brigade, of the battle of Antietam, skirmish at Shepherdstown Ford, and action near.

Numbers 108.-Brigadier General Andrew A. Humphreys, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, with application for a Court of Inquiry.

Numbers 109.-Major General William B. Franklin, U. S. Army, commanding

Sixth Army Corps, of the battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.

Numbers 110.-Major General Henry W. Slocum, U. S. Army, commanding First

Division, of the battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.

Numbers 111.-Colonel A. T. A. Torbert. First New Jersey Infantry commanding First Brigade, of the battle of Crampton's Pass.

Numbers 112.-Lieutenant Colonel Mark W. Collet, Third New Jersey Infantry,

commanding First New Jersey Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 113.-Colonel Samuel L. Buck, Second New Jersey Infantry, of the

battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.

Numbers 114.-Colonel Henry W. Brown, Third New Jersey Infantry, of the

battle of Crampton's Pass.

Numbers 115.-Colonel William B. Hatch, Fourth New Jersey Infantry, of

the battle of Crampton's Pass.

Numbers 116.-Colonel Joseph J. Bartlett, Twenty-seventh New York Infantry,

commanding Second Brigade, of the battle of Crampton's Pass.

Numbers 117.-Colonel Nathaniel J. Jackson, Fifth Maine Infantry, of the battle of Crampton's Pass.

Numbers 118.-Lieutenant Colonel Joel J. Seaver, Sixteenth New York Infantry,

of the battle of Crampton's Pass.

Numbers 119.-Lieutenant Col Alexander D. Adams, Twenty-seventh New York Infantry, of the battle of Crampton's Pass.

Numbers 120.-Colonel Henry L. Cake, Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry,

of the battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.

Numbers 121.-Brigadier General John Newton, U. S. Army, commanding Third

Brigade, of the battle of Crampton's Pass.

Numbers 122.-Lieutenant Colonel George R. Myers, Eighteenth New York Infantry, of the battle of Crampton's Pass.

Numbers 123.-Lieutenant Colonel Francis E. Pinto, Thirty-second New York Infantry, commanding Thirty-first New York Infantry, of the battle of Crampton's Pass.

Numbers 124.-Colonel Gustavus W. Town, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry,

of the battle of Crampton's Pass.

Numbers 125.-Major General William F. Smith, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of the battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.

