
Numbers 126.-Captain Romeyn B. Ayres, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Chief of

Artillery, of the battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.

Numbers 127.-Lieutenant Theodore J. Vanneman, Battery B, Maryland Light

Artillery, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 128.-Captain Andrew Cowan, First New York Battery, of the battle

of Antietam.

Numbers 129.-Brigadier General Winfield S. Hancock, U. S. Army, commanding

First Brigade, of the battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.

Numbers 130.-Brigadier General W. T. Brooks, U. S. Army, commanding First

Brigade, of the battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.

Numbers 131.-Colonel William H. Irwin, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry

commanding Third Brigade, of the battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.

Numbers 132.-Major Thomas W. Hyde, Seventh Maine Infantry, of the battle

of Antietam.

Numbers 133.-Colonel Ernest Von Vegesack, Twentieth New York Infantry, of

the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 134.-Lieutenant Colonel Joseph W. Corning, Thirty-third New York Infantry, of the battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.

Numbers 135.-Major George W. Johnson, Forty-ninth New York, of the

battle of Antietam.

Numbers 136.-Captain Nathan S. Babcock, Seventy-seventh New York Infantry, of the battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.

Numbers 137.-Major General Ambrose E. Burnside, U. S. Army, commanding

Right Wing, Army of the Potomac, of operations September 7-19.

Numbers 138.-Brigadier General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army, commanding Ninth Army Corps, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 139.-Brigadier General Orlando B. Willcox, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 140.-Captain Asa M. Cook, Eighth Massachusetts Battery, of the

battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 141.-Lieutenant John N. Coffin, commanding left section Eighth

Massachusetts Battery, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 142.-Lieutenant Samuel N. Benjamin, Battery E, Second U. S.

Artillery, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 143.-Colonel Benjamin C. Christ, Fiftieth Pennsylvania Infantry,

commanding First Brigade, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 144.-Colonel Thomas Welsh, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry,

commanding Second Brigade, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 145.-Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Gerhardt, Forty-sixth New York Infantry, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 146.-Brigadier General Samuel D. Sturgis, U. S. Army, commanding

Second Division, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 147.-Brigadier General James Nagle, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 148.-Brigadier General Edward Ferrero, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 149.-Colonel Harrison S. Fairchild, Eighty-ninth New York

Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, of skirmish near Jefferson, and battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 150.-Major Edward Jardine, Eighty-ninth New York Infantry, First

Brigade, Third Division, of colors captured at Antietam.

Numbers 151.-Colonel Edward Harland, Eighth Connecticut Infantry,

commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 152.-Major J. Edward Ward, Eighth Connecticut Infantry, of the

battle of Antietam.

