
Numbers 153.-Lieutenant Colonel Joseph B. Curtis, Fourth Rhode Island Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 154.-Brigadier General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army, commanding Kanawha Division, of the battle of South Mountain.

Numbers 155.-Colonel Eliakim P. Scammon, Twenty-third Ohio Infantry,

commanding First Brigade, of the battle of South Mountain, and, commanding Kanawha Division, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 156.-Colonel Hugh Ewing, Thirtieth Ohio Infantry, commanding First

Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 157.-Captain James R. McMullin, First Ohio Battery, of the battle

of South Mountain.

Numbers 158.-Colonel Carr B. White, Twelfth Ohio Infantry, of the battles

of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 159.-Major James M. Comly, Twenty-third Ohio Infantry, of the

battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 160.-Colonel Hugh Ewing, Thirtieth Ohio Infantry, of the battle of

South Mountain.

Numbers 161.-Major George H. Hildt, Thirtieth Ohio Infantry, of the

battle of Antietam.

Numbers 162.-Colonel George Crook, Thirty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding

Second Brigade, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 163.-Major Lyman J. Jackson, Eleventh Ohio Infantry, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

Numbers 164.-Brigadier General Alpehus S. Williams, U. S. Army, commanding

Twelfth Army Corps, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 165.-Captain Clermont L. Best, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Chief of

Artillery, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 166.-Captain George W. Cothran, Battery M, First New York Light

Artillery, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 167.-Brigadier General Samuel W. Crawford, U. S. Army, commanding

First Division, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 168.-Colonel Joseph F. Knipe, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry,

commanding First Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 169.-Lieutenant Colonel James S. Fillebrown, Tenth Maine Infantry, of

the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 170.-Lieutenant Colonel James L. Selfridge, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania

Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 171.-Major Issac L. Haldeman, One Hundred and twenty-fourth

Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 172.-Colonel Jacob Higgins, One hundred and twenty-fifth

Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 173.-Major Joel B. Wanner, One hundred and twenty-eight Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 174.-Brigadier General Georg H. Gordon, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 175.-Colonel Silas Colgrove, Twenty-seventh Indiana Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 176.-Colonel George L. Andrews, Second Massachusetts Infantry, of

the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 177.-Colonel Ezra A. Carman, Thirteenth New Jersey Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 178.-Colonel Robert B. Van Valkenburgh, One hundred and seventh

New York Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 179.-Colonel Thomas H. Ruger, Third Wisconsin Infantry, of the

battle of Antietam.

Numbers 180.-Brigadier General George S. Greene, U. S. Army, commanding

Second Division, of the battle of Antietam.

