
Numbers 181.-Major Orrin J. Crane, Seventh Ohio Infantry, commanding

First Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 182.-Major John Collins, Fifth Ohio Infantry, of battle of

Antietam.

Numbers 183.-Captain Fred. A. Seymor, Seventh Ohio Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 184.-Lieutenant Colonel Engene Powell, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry, of

the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 185.-Major William Raphael, Twenty-eight Pennsylvania Infantry,

of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 186.-Lieutenant Colonel James C. Lane, One hundred and second New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 187.-Lieutenant Colonel Joseph M. Sudsburg, Third Maryland Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 188.-Lieutenant Colonel James C. Lane, One hundred and second New York Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 189.-Major Thomas M. Walker, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 190.-Lieutenant Colonel Charles R. Brundage, Sixtieth New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 191.-Captain Levin B. Day, Third Delaware Infantry, of the battle

of Antietam.

Numbers 192.-Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin L. Simpson, Purnell Legion, Maryland Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 193.-Lieutenant Colonel Charles R. Brundage, Sixtieth New York Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 194.-Captain Henry R. Stagg, Seventy-eight New York Infantry,

of the battle of Antietam.

Numbers 195.-Colonel Arno Voss, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, of skirmishes at

at Bunker Hill and Darkesville, W. Va.

Numbers 196.-Major General John E. Wool, U. S. Army, commanding Middle

Department, of the siege of Harper's Ferry.

Numbers 197.-Brigadier General Julius White, U. S. Army, commanding, of the

evacuation of Martinsburg and the siege of Harper's Ferry.

Numbers 198.-Lieutenant Henry M. Binney, Tenth Maine Infantry, aide-de- camp, of operations at Harper's Ferry September 1-15.

Numbers 199.-Colonel George L. Willard, One hundred and twenty-fifth New

York Infantry, of the siege of Harper's Ferry September 14-15.

Numbers 200.-Colonel Thomas H. Ford, Thirty-second Ohio Infantry,

commanding brigade, of action on Maryland Heights.

Numbers 201.-Major Henry B. McIlvaine, Fifth New York Heavy Artillery,

of operations at Harper's Ferry August 27-September 15.

Numbers 202.-Return of Casualties in the Union forces at Maryland Heights and Harper's Ferry.

Numbers 203.-Record of the Harper's Ferry Military Commission

ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

Numbers 204.-Organization of the Army of Northern Virginia, General

Robert E. Lee commanding, during the Maryland Campaign.*

Numbers 205.-Surg. Lafayette Guild, C. S. Army, Medical Director Army

of Northern Virginia, of killed and wounded at Boonsborough (South Mountain or Turner's Pass), Crampton's Gap, Harper's Ferry, Sharpsburg (Antietam), and Shepherdstown (Blackford's or Boteler's Ford).

Numbers 206.-Major General James E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry, of operations September 2-20.

* For General Lee's report, see p. 139

