
the enemy, wounding 5, and taking 27 prisoners, while we lost not a man or a horse.

On the 10th instant Captain Sanders, Sixth Cavalry, with a cavalry force and two guns, attempted to dislodge the enemy from the base of Sugar Loaf Mountain, but the latter was too strongly posted to be moved except by a larger than was at my disposal. Franklin's corps arrived in the afternoon, and on the 11th instant the rebels were soon in retreat, Hancock's brigade, of Franklin's corps, and Farnsworth's brigade of cavalry being the forces engaged.

On the 12th instant Farnsworth's brigade moved by the way of Clarksburg to Frederick City, and also Robertson's and Hains's batteries. The Sixth Cavalry, and a section of artillery, under Captain Sanders, moved to the Monocacy, and was afterward under the orders of Franklin at Jefferson.

About 5 o'clock in the evening I entered Frederick with my command, having been joined by the First New York, under Colonel McReynolds, and a portion of the Twelfth Pennsylvania. The enemy's pickets were driven out of Frederick as we advanced on the Urbana road, while Burnside's corps pushed them on the New Market road, from which direction he entered about half an hour before my advance.

On the morning of the 13th instant McReynolds' brigade, with a section of artillery, was sent in the direction of Gettysburg by orders from your headquarters, while Rush's Lancers joined Franklin's corps at Jefferson. At the same time, after an arrangement with General Burnside as to the manner of proceeding, and in which he most generously offered every assistance, the remainder of my command started at daylight on the Hagerstown turnpike, and had proceeded some 3 or 4 miles when the enemy opened upon the advance with artillery from the ridge to the left of where the road passes over the Catoctin range of the Blue Ridge. Their batteries were supported by dismounted cavalry. A couple of sections from Robertson's and Hains' batteries were immediately opened on our side, and some squadrons of the Eighth Illinois and Third Indiana were dismounted, and sent up the mountain to the right as skirmishers . After a severe cannonading and several warm volleys with carbines, the enemy retreated hastily, having previously barricaded the road in several places. A rapid pursuit was made and a number of prisoners taken, when the enemy made a second stand on the east side of Middletown. Gibson's battery then came up, and soon in beautiful style induced another backward movement. Farnsworth's brigade then advanced, and engaged the cavalry until they were driven beyond the town about 1,000 yards, to a third position they had selected to defend. A section of Gibson's battery engaged them here, and in a few minutes the enemy retreated rapidly to Turner's Gap of the South Mountain; but before doing so they blew up the bridge on the Catoctin Creek, and set fire to the barn and other valuables of the persons residing at that point. As the creek was easily fordable, this did not prevent my advance to the foot of the mountain, which was found to be too strong a position to be carried by my force.

BATTLE OF SOUTH MOUNTAIN.

Being soon satisfied that the enemy would defend his position at Turner's Gap with a large force, I sent back to General Burnside for some infantry, and in the intermediate time I caused a force of dismounted cavalry to move up the mountain on the right of the turnpike, to examine the position on that side. This produced some skirmishing

14 R R-VOL XIX, PT I

