
sizes should not be sent; they are utterly useless. No bootees 	 have arrived since. More than 30,000 pairs have been received altogether, and over 10,000 pairs are no the way here.

The clothing has uniformly arrived slowly. That ordered to Hagerstown on the 7th did not arrive until long after Stuart's last raid. It is not detained in cars at the depots. Such complaints are groundless. The fact is, the clothing arrives and is issued, but more is still wanted. I have ordered more than would seem necessary from any data furnished, me and I beg to remind you that you have always very promptly met all my requisitions. So far as clothing is concerned, our department is not at fault, and it provides as soon as due notice is given.

I foresee no time when an army of over 100,000 men will not call for clothing and other articles.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, &amp;c.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 25, 1862-11.45 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

As directed by the Secretary of War, I have ascertained the date of the receipt at Harper's Ferry of the 12,000 bootees about which Colonel Ingalls telegraphed. He reports that they reached Harper's Ferry depot on the 21st October; that over 30,000 pairs have been received, and that over 10,000 pairs are on the way there; 116,000 were on hand in Washington 18th October; 25,000 come that week. The complaint in regard to large-sized shoes is heard at this office for the first time this year to-day. Last year the some complaint was made, and orders were given to prevent the difficulty. The volunteer army appears to use smaller shoes than the old regular army, by whose experience the distribution of sizes has been regulated.

Respectfully,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 25, 1862.

Brigadier-General MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

GENERAL: It has been public alleged that the army under the command of General McClellan has been unable to move for want of shoes and other supplies which it is the duty of the Quartermaster's Department to furnish. You will please report whether there has been any failure or neglect to furnish shoes or other supplies to that army or meet promptly any requisition for its supply upon your department.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Similar letter to the Commissary-General of Subsistence.)

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, October 25, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date, stating that it has been publicly alleged that the army under

