
with the enemy, and induced him to mass a considerable force on that side during the night. I learned a so that there were two roads, one on the right and the other to the left of the gap, both of which entered the turnpike beyond the gap, and would assist us materially in turning the enemy's position on both flanks. General Burnside's troops did not arrive in time to engage on the 13th, but on the morning of the 14th instant the general kindly sent me a brigade of infantry, under Colonel Scammon, and some heavy batteries. Scammon's brigade I directed to move up the mountain on the left hand road, gain the crest, and then move to the right to the turnpike in the enemy's rear. At the same time I placed Gibson's battery and the heavy batteries in position to the left, covering the road on that side, and obtaining a direct fire on the enemy's position in the gap.

Shortly after this, General Cox arrived with a second brigade of infantry, and upon my explaining the position to him, he moved to the support of Scammon, who was successful in his movement to gain the crest of the mountain. During the cannonading that was then going on, the enemy's batteries were several times driven from the gap, but the contest assuming on each side large proportions, and Major-General Reno having arrived on the field, I pointed out to him the positions of the troops as I had placed them, giving him at the same time those of the enemy. He immediately assumed the direction of the operations, passed to the front on the mountain height, and was eminently successful in driving the enemy, until he fell at the moment he was gallantly leading his command to a crowning victory. The clear judgment and determined courage of Reno rendered the triumphant results obtained by the operations of his corps second to none of the brilliant deeds accomplished on that field. At his loss a master-mind had passed away.

During this action the First Massachusetts and Third Indiana Cavalry were detached to serve with Hooker's corps.

THE PURSUIT.

At daylight on the morning of the 15th, I started in pursuit of the enemy with a part of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry. The advance came up with the enemy's rear guard of cavalry on entering Boonsborough, charged them repeatedly, and drove them some 2 miles beyond the town. A section of Tidball's battery came up at this time and gave them a few shells, when they broke and ran in every direction, leaving two pieces of artillery behind them, 30 dead on the field, some 50 wounded, and a very large number of prisoners, among whom were several hundred stragglers. Our loss was 1 killed and 15 wounded. Among the latter was the brave Captain Kelley, of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, who was shot while gallantly charging at the head of his squadron. In this affair the enemy outnumbered us three to one, and the number of desperate personal encounters that day shows the superiority of our cavalry. Colonel Farnsworth, Captains Kelley, Medill, and First Lieutenant and Adjutant Hynes, of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, were conspicuous for their gallantry on this occasion; also Captain Custer and First Lieutenant Martin, aides-de-camp on the staff of General McClellan, and who were serving with me at the time. In obedience to my instructions, I then moved in the direction of Sharpsburg, and came up with Richardson's division in line of battle in advance of Keedysville, the enemy being in position this side of Sharpsburg. General Richardson having no batteries with him, requested of

