
the infantry of Hancock's left. This was a most favorable position for operating on a battery then in full play upon the center of Sumner's line. The fire from this section contributed in no small degree toward silencing this battery.

It was now 4 o'clock in the afternoon. Burnside's corps had driven the enemy back upon the hill upon which his batteries were placed, and, in conjunction with the repulse of the enemy in front of Hancock, left the field open to the Sharpsburg Ridge, to which point I desired to forward my batteries, to obtain an enfilading fire upon the enemy in front of Burnside, and enable Sumner to advance to Sharpsburg. I was so satisfied that this could be done at that moment, that I sent a request to Major General Fitz John Porter, asking for the assistance of some infantry to support my advance to the Sharpsburg Ridge. This request was not entertained by General Porter, and I have since been informed the force I needed was not then at his disposal. I held my position until 7 o'clock in the evening, when I was withdrawn, by the orders of Major-General McClellan, to the bivouac at Keedysville.

On the 18th instant my cavalry were engaged collecting stragglers and feeling the enemy on the different roads.

On the 19th instant I started in pursuit of the enemy, who had fled to the opposite side of the Potomac. Before reaching the river, I succeed in capturing 167 prisoners, one gun left behind by the enemy in his haste, and one color.

On arriving near the river on the turnpike, the enemy's batteries opened a heavy fire from several positions below Shepherdstown, covering Blackford's Ford. Gibson's, Tidball's, and Robertson's batteries replied with such that the enemy drew off the greater part of his guns. This cannonade lasted about two hours, when, a part of Porter's corps coming up, my command was relieved from this position, and withdrew to camp.

The services of this division from the 4th of September up to the 19th of the same were of the most constant and arduous character. For fifteen successive days we were in contact with the enemy, and each day conflicts of some kind were maintained, in which we gradually but steadily advanced. The officers and men have exerted themselves to insure the success of every expedition, and their efforts have been fortunate, as no mishaps have occurred beyond the casualties incident to such service.

The losses of the division in the campaign were as follows: 17 killed, 78 wounded, and 13 missing, making a total of 108.

The distinguished service rendered by the officers of the horse artillery renders it proper to mention their several names in this report. In Gibson's battery, Third Artillery, there were Captain H. G. Gibson, First Lieuts. E. Pendleton and H. Meinell, and Second Lieutenant F. D. L. Russell, Fourth Artillery. In Robertson's battery, Second Artillery, there were Captain James M. Robertson and Second Lieutenant Albert O. Vincent. In Tidball's battery, Second Artillery, were Captain John C. Tidball, First Lieutenant A. C. M. Pennington, jr., Lieuts. William N. Dennison and Robert Clarke. In Hains' battery, Second Artillery, were First Lieutenant Peter C. Hains and Second Lieutenant Robert H. Chapin.

The officers of the cavalry who are entitled to mention, from their position and gallant service, are as follows:

First Brigade.- Major C. J. Whiting commanding, and Capts. J. E. Harrison and Wesley Owens, of the Fifth Cavalry. Sixth Cavalry, Captain W. P. Sanders commanding, and Capts. George C. Cram and

