
herewith transmitted, as they uniformly bear testimony to the noble conduct of our troops in this battle. To theirs I must add the heartfelt and grateful testimony of their commander.

I must also respectfully refer you to these reports for the evidence s if signal and distinguished services on the part of individuals and of corps.

I desire to make special mention of Brigadier-General Meade for the great intelligence and gallantry displayed by him. Also Brigadier-General Hatch, who was severely wounded, and Brigadier-General Ricketts and Brigadier-General Doubleday, who rendered me an enlightened and generous assistance.

The limits of a report only allow me to speak in general terms of my brigade, regimental, and battery commanders. Their services were eminently meritorious and satisfactory. I further desire to make my acknowledgments to Brigadier-General Marcy, chief of staff of the Army of the Potomac, for his valuable services. He remained with me throughout the greater part of the engagement. I am also under obligations to Major Hammerstein, aide-de-camp, at the same headquarters, for his assistance and support.

My staff, Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Dickinson, assistant adjutant-general; Major William H. Lawrence, Capts. William L. Candler and Alexander Moore, aides-de-camp, assisted me with their accustomed intelligence and courage.

The list killed and wounded is herewith respectfully forwarded, numbering 878.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding First Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Wing, Army of the Potomac.

ANTIETAM.+
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, D. C, November 8, 1862.

GENERAL: At dawn the morning following the battle of South Mountain, September 15, Hartsuff's skirmishers, supported by his brigade, were thrown forward, when it was ascertained that the enemy had fallen back from our front, leaving his dead and wounded in our hands, toward Boonsborough, and from thence had taken the road to Sharpsburg.

Soon after Hartsuff's advance, General Richardson, with his brigade of Sumner's corps, was ordered to take the place of Hartsuff, and to proceed in vigorous pursuit, with no other instructions than not to engage the enemy it he overtook him, but await my arrival. Meantime my corps were ordered to make a little coffee and eat their breakfasts, which they had not been able to do since the beginning of their march from the Monocacy, the morning previous. Pleasonton's cavalry followed in the footsteps of Richardson's brigade, and soon after the First Corps resumed its march in pursuit of the enemy.

---------------

* But see revised statement, p.184.

+ Unfinished report, found in records of First Corps, Army of the Potomac.

---------------

