
General McClellan has been unable to move for want of shoes and other supplies which it is the duty of the Quartermaster's Department to furnish, and directing me to report whether there has been any failure or neglect to furnish shoes or other supplies to that army or to meet promptly any requisitions for its supply upon this department. Every requisition for shoed, clothing, and such supplies approved at General McClellan's headquarters has been promptly ment, and the goods have been forwarded by rail, mostly from this depot, with all possible speed.

Lately special agents have been sent with every shipment to prevent delay upon the route. The greater part of the supplies were, when called for, on hand in this depot. Such as were not here have been ordered by telegraph from the Philadelphia and New York depots and forwarded.

The requisitions have very large. Ten days ago I was assured that every such requisition had been filled and forwarded. Writhing the that every such requisition had been filled and forwarded. Within the last two days, however, new and large requisitions have been received, which are being shipped as rapidly as possible.

The supply of clothing, shoes, and other stores to an army of such size must be continuous, like that of a great city whose population it equals in number. Were every man welshed and clothed to-day, many should be in want to-morrow.

The department has not been able instantly to fill all requisitions for horses. These requisitions have far exceeded any estimate. Over 13,000 horses have been issued to the army ont he Potomac River since the 1st of September. The demand continues, and the daily issues are still very large.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, October 25, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: As directed by the Secretary of War, I have ascertained the date of the receipt at Harper's Ferry of the 12,000 bootees about which Colonel Ingalls telegraphed. He reports that they reached Harper's Ferry depot on the 21st October, on which day 20,000 pairs were received; that about 48,000 pairs of boots and shoes had been received at that place, Frederick, and Hagerstown altogether: that 10,000 pairs are now on the way and 15,000 more ordered. On the 18th of October there were 116,000 pairs had been issued in the week ending that day.

The complaint in regard to a surplus of large-sized shoes is heard to-day at this office for the first time this year. Last year the same complaint was made, and orders were given which removed

the difficulty. The volunteer army appears to use smaller shoes than the old regular army, by whose experience the distribution of sized has been regulated.

Copies of two dispatches from Colonel Ingalls on the subject are inclosed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

