
mention as deserving of particular praise such individuals as attracted my own attention. Colonel Walter Phelps, jr., Twenty-second New York, commanding First Brigade, displayed the most distinguished courage, bringing up and handling his brigade in the most gallant manner. Major De Bevoise, commanding Fourteenth New York State Militia, gallantly led a gallant regiment, which this day added fresh laurels to those already won. Captain John D. O'Brian, commanding the brave Twenty-fourth New York, attracted the attention of all by his energy and activity. Captain James Benkard, jr., additional aide-de-camp of General King's staff, and Lieutenant James Lyon, Fourth New York Cavalry, my aide-de-camp, also rendered important services, bearing messages from point to point on the field and in encouraging and urging on the troops. The latter officer has on several former occasions been mentioned for his gallant bearing under fire, it is hoped may meet with the advancement he so well deserves.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

Major JOSEPH DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Corps d'Armee.

No. 11. Reports of General Abner Doubleday, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS,Near Sharpsburg, Md., September 23, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this division left the Monocacy at 6 a.m. September 14, and arrived at the Catoctin about 12.30 p.m. Here the column halted until 2.30 p.m., when Brigadier-General Hatch assumed the command in place of General King, who was assigned to other duty. The enemy's position was on the summit of South Mountain. To avoid the fire of his batteries, the division now diverged from the main road and struck off into a by-road to the right, which led to a stone church at the foot of the mountain, where we found General Hooker and his staff. The division at this time consisted of Doubleday's, Patrick's, and Phelps' (late Hatch's) brigades, General Gibbon having been detached with his brigade on special service.

The general order of battle was for two regiments of Patrick's brigade to precede the main body, deployed as skirmishers, and supported by Patrick's two remaining regiments; these to be followed by Phelps' brigade, 200 paces in the rear, and this in turn by Doubleday's brigade, with the same interval. In accordance with this disposition, General Patrick deployed the Twenty-first New York, under Colonel Rogers, as skirmishers on the right, and the Thirty-fifth New York, under Colonel Lord, on the left, supporting the former with the Twentieth New York Militia, Lieutenant-Colonel Gates, and the latter with the Twenty-third New York, Colonel Hoffman.

By General Hatch's order, Phelps' brigade advanced in column of divisions at half distance, preserving the intervals of deployment. My brigade advanced in the same order. On reaching a road part way up the mountain, and parallel to its summit, each brigade deployed in turn and advanced in line of battle. Colonel Phelps' brigade, owing to an

