
I desire to mention in terms of just commendation General Patrick, whose long experience and cool bravery were never better attested; Colonel Phelps, commanding Hatch's brigade, and Colonel Wainwright and Lieutenant-Colonel Hofmann, commanding in turn my own brigade. Their gallantry and good conduct did much toward winning the victory. I desire also to mention Captain E. P. Halstead, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant B. T. Marten, aide-de-camp, who carried my orders faithfully into the thickest of the fight, and who each spent several hours in the night in the difficult and dangerous task of verifying the enemy's position. Also Captain George F. Noyes, commissary of subsistence, who stood upon the fence during the hottest of the fire, cheering on the men, and otherwise rendered me valuable assistance.

I inclose herewith a tabular statement of the killed and wounded.*

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. DOUBLEDAY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Major JOSEPH DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIRST CORPS,Sharpsburg, Md., September -, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this division crossed the Antietam near Keedysville, at a ford prepared by the pioneers, on the afternoon of the 16th instant, and marched on the left of, and parallel to, the divisions of Ricketts and Meade, Patrick's brigade leading the way.

Just at dusk, when within three-quarters of a mile of the road which leads from Sharpsburg to Williamsport, the Pennsylvania Reserves, under command of General Meade, became engaged with the enemy on our left. I immediately halted my division and closed it up in column in mass, after which I advanced at the head of the leading brigade to take the position assigned me by General Hooker, who commanded the corps. As we came on, we were assailed by one of the enemy's advanced batteries, the first discharge wounding several of Patrick's men and dismounting three orderlies behind me. General Ricketts' division having been ordered into the woods on my left, it cut my line of march and occasioned a long delay in the arrival of my other brigades. In the mean time I had posted Patrick's brigade in a small triangular piece of woods on our right, bordering the road already referred to. As soon as the other brigades came up, they were formed in line of battle to connect with General Meade's division, which was on our left at the edge of the woods, where he first encountered the enemy. General Patrick, as I have already stated, held the little piece of woods on our right. Lieutenant-Colonel Hofmann's brigade was posted on Patrick's left, to connect with General Meade's right, and my two other brigades, those of Gibbon's and Phelps', were massed in reserve in rear. That night we slept on our arms. At dawn of day on the 17th the battle was opened with great spirit by the enemy's batteries, which were promptly answered by those of my division. Soon after I was directed by General Hooker to have my brigades in readiness to be sent as circumstances might require. I had previously designated Gibbon's brigade to take the advance, to be followed in succession by Phelps', Patrick's,

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p.184.

---------------

