
this regiment, and on this occasion formed the extreme right of our lines. This position was held until after 12 o'clock, when they were relieved by fresh troops under General Franklin, and the regiment, in common with other regiments of the brigade, was moved to the left and rear a distance of about a quarter of a mile, where it rested for several hours. Between 4 and 5 o'clock p. m. the regiment, in common with other regiments of the brigade, was placed in the front line of battle, being one of the three lines formed by command of General Sumner in read of a long line of artillery. The line had scarcely been formed when the enemy opened fire upon us, throwing shot and shell, several of the shells exploding over our lines, but caused no loss in this regiment. The battery of the enemy was soon silenced by our artillery. This finished the battle so far as this regiment was concerned. The men were ordered to sleep on their arms-to be prepared for action at a moment's notice. The conduct of officers and men on this occasion was such as to merit my approbation. The general commanding the division has expressed his approbation of the conduct of the officers and men in the various battles enumerated below, and recommends that application be made to the Governor of our State for permission to inscribe upon our flag the names of the following battles: Rappahannock, Sulphur Springs, Gainesville, Manassas, South Mountain, and Antietam.

Trusting this may meet the approbation of the Governor, I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. WILLIAMS,

Captain, Commanding Fifty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

A. L. RUSSELL,

Adjutant-General, Pennsylvania Volunteers, Harrisburg, Pa.

Numbers 19. Reports of Brigadier General Marsena R. Patrick, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS PATRICK'S BRIGADE,September 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the call from division headquarters, I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of this brigade on the 14th of September, in the affair on South Mountain:

The brigade marched with the division from the Monocacy at 6 o'clock a. m., and arrived at the Catoctin about 12.30 p. m., where the men made coffee, and about 2.30 p. m. resumed the march, under the orders of General Hatch, who had just relieved General King in command of the division. Striking off on a by road to the right of the turnpike to avoid the fire of the enemy's batteries, we reached the stone church at the foot of the mountain at about 3.30 p. m., near which General Hooker and staff had halted. Under his direction, a regiment was ordered to ascend the ravine that partially divided the eastern slope of the mountain, throwing out skirmishers to the right and left.

Colonel Rogers, Twenty-first New York Volunteers, was assigned to this position, and went immediately forward. Subsequently General Hatch directed the other regiments forward to ascend the mountain in a line with the Twenty-first. Colonel Lord, commanding Thirty-fifth

16 R R-VOL XIX, PT I

