
successfully accomplished, while the Nineteenth Indiana, supported by the Second Wisconsin, deployed, and, swinging around parallel to the turnpike, took the enemy in the flank. Thus the fight continued until long after dark, Stewart using his guns with good effect over the heads of our own men. My men, with their ammunition nearly exhausted, held all the ground they had taken, and were late in the night relieved, with the exception of the Sixth Wisconsin, which occupied the battle-field all night, by General Gorman's brigade.

The conduct of the officers and men was during the engagement everything that could be desired, and they maintained their well-earned reputation for gallantry and discipline acquired in the engagements of the 28th and 30th of August. Lieutenant Stewart used his guns with good judgment and effect, and begged to remain upon the field after his section was relieved by the other four pieces of the battery under Captain Campbell. I beg to recommend him to the favorable notice of the authorities.

My aides, Lieutenant Haskell and Hildreth, were prompt and energetic in transmitting orders, as was also Captain Cutting, of General Burnside's staff, who kindly volunteered his service for the occasion.

The loss in the brigade was 37 killed, 251 wounded, 30 missing; total, 318.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Burnside's Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE,Camp near Sharpsburg, September 20, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade during the action of the 17th near this place:

The brigade was, by direction of Major-General Hooker, detached from the division, and ordered to advance into a piece of wood on the right of the Hagerstown turnpike, toward the village of Sharpsburg. The brigade advanced in column of divisions on the left of the turnpike until the head of it reached an open space, when the Sixth Wisconsin was deployed and pushed forward into a corn-field in our front, the Second Wisconsin being deployed and formed on its left, while a section of Gibbon's battery, under Lieutenant Stewart, was brought into action in the rear, to fire over the heads of our men in reply to one of the enemy's batteries in their front. The sixth and Second pushed gallantly forward, supported by the Seventh Wisconsin and Nineteenth Indiana, when, finding the enemy was likely to flank us on the right in the wood, which extended down in that direction, I ordered up Stewart's section and directed the Seventh Wisconsin and Nineteenth Indiana to deploy to the right of the line, and push forward rapidly into the woods. The whole line soon became hotly engaged, and the enemy, heavily re-enforced from the woods, made a dash upon the battery. This attack, however, was successfully repelled by heavy discharges of canister from the guns, the fire of the few remaining men of the Second and Sixth Wisconsin, and the flank fire poured in by the Seventh Wisconsin and Nineteenth Indiana, which had been brought around to sweep the front of the battery with their fire, Captain Campbell having in the mean time joined Stewart's with the other four pieces of the battery.

In this severe contest Lieutenant-Colonel Bragg, Sixth Wisconsin, and

