
Lieutenant-Colonel Allen, Second Wisconsin, both commanding their regiments, were wounded and taken from the field. The gallant Lieutenant-Colonel Bachman, commanding the Nineteenth Indiana, fell mortally wounded, and Captain Campbell, while gallantly serving his guns, was stricken down by a ball through the shoulder. Thirty-eight of the battery men were killed and wounded, 27 of the horses killed, and, finding the guns almost deprived of support and of cannoneers to work them, I ordered them to limber to the rear and fall back, followed soon after by the infantry of my brigade, much reduced in numbers and scant of ammunition. The loss of the brigade is again an evidence of its well-earned honors.

While referring to the regimental reports for special mention of meritorious individuals, I beg leave to call attention to the steadiness and gallantry of both officers and men, and especially to the coolness and bravery of Lieutenant-Colonels Bragg, Bachman, and Allen; Major Dawes, Captain Callis, and Captain Campbell, and Lieutenant Stewart, of Gibbon's battery. My aides, Lieutenants Haskell and Hildreth, were, as usual, prompt and active in conveying my orders, and the former, while carrying a message to General Hooker, had his horse killed under him.

The loss in the brigade is as follows: 61 killed, 274 wounded, 45 missing; total, 380.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON,

Commanding.

Captain E. P. HALSTEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, King's Division.

Numbers 22. Report of Colonel Solomon Meredith, Nineteenth Indiana Infantry, of the battle of South Mountain.
HEADQUARTERS GIBBON'S BRIGADE,Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., September 20, 1862.

DEAR SIR: I most respectfully submit to you the following report of the part taken by the Nineteenth Indiana Volunteers in the battle of the 14th instant at South Mountain:

On the evening of the 13th we encamped 2 miles southeast from Frederick, Md. We left camp soon after sun-up, marched through Frederick, took the road toward Hagerstown, and marched 12 miles. On arriving near South Mountain, it was ascertained that the enemy was in force on the mountain and in the pass. I was ordered to form a line of battle about 3 o'clock p. m., which was done on the hill facing the mountain. Remained there until about 5 o'clock, when we were ordered to go forward. We went forward in line of battle on the left of the pike leading through the pass, supported by the Second Wisconsin, two companies of which (commanded by Captain Colwell) had been deployed as skirmishers. I also deployed Company B, Captain Dudley's, as flankers, to protect our left flank. We moved slowly and cautiously, but steadily, forward. The skirmishers were soon fired on, but pressed forward with caution.

On arriving near a house on our extreme left, surrounded on the southwest and north by timber, I discovered large numbers of the enemy in

*But see revised statement, p. 189.

