
Numbers 23. Report of Captain William W. Dudley, Nineteenth Indiana Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

CAMP, GIBBON'S BRIGADE, September 21, 1862.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report o the part taken by the Nineteenth Indiana Volunteers in the battle of the 17th instant:

Owing to the fall which Colonel Meredith received in the battle of the 28th of August, and the subsequent fatigue and exposure of the marches up to the 16th instant, he was unable to take command on our movement across the Antietam Creek. The command now fell upon Lieutenant-Colonel Bachman. Immediately on crossing the cheek we were advanced in line of battle up the hill in a plowed field which covered the brow of the hill in a plowed field which covered the brow of the hill. Lieutenant/Colonel Bachman immediately deployed Company A, Sergeant Eager, forward as skirmishers through the corn-field, in order to protect your front and the crossing of our division, which, being accomplished, we were ordered to join the brigade and move farther up to the right. We stopped for the night, having closed column by division on first division, right in front.

Early on the morning of the 17th instant we were called up and prepared to go into action. We moved directly to the front, in column by division. Our first casualty occurred in a peach orchard near the destined battle-field.

We now moved to the edge of a corn-field near a stone house, which was immediately used as a hospital. Here we lay down, while your skirmishers were scouring the corn-field in front. We were soon ordered to the right, to a piece of woods which skirted the battle-field on the right. Here we deployed column and formed our line of battle on the right of the Seventh Wisconsin Volunteers, and Lieutenant-Colonel Bachman ordered Company B, then my command, to deploy forward as skirmishers. This being done, the regiment moved slowly forward till the right was through the wood, when we halted. It was at this time that the attempt was made to take Battery B, Fourth Artillery, which was stationed at the straw stacks near the stone house hospital. Upon seeing the advance of the enemy, Lieutenant/Colonel Bachman at once called in the skirmishers, and changed front forward on the tenth company, so as to front the left flank of the enemy.

As soon as it was practicable we opened fire on them, and we have every reason to believe that our fire was very effective in repulsing their attack on the battery. Soon we saw the enemy falling back in great disorder, and it was at this juncture that the gallant Lieutenant-Colonel Bachman, yielding to the urgent appeals of the men, gave the order to charge, and, hat in hand and sword drawn, he gave the order "double-quick", and bravely led on, the men following, cheering as they advanced. We charged across the pike and followed the retreating rebels to the brow of the hill, over which they gad a strong reserve of infantry and three pieces of artillery, which pieces seemed to have been abandoned by horses and men. It was at this point that brave Lieutenant-Colonel Bachman fell, mortally wounded, and I took command immediately. As soon as we could carry his body to the rear, we fell back to the pike and rallied. Here we received an enfilading fire, the enemy having succeeded in approaching within 100 yards of our right,

