
men to fire by the right-oblique, on a line of the enemy who were firing on the Seventh Wisconsin. After a short time I ceased firing, and, the better to get at the enemy, changed direction with the right wing of my regiment. In that position good execution was done until their ammunition was all expended, when they were withdrawn to the line, and the left wing took their place. After the left wing had expended their ammunition and had been withdrawn, the Nineteenth took the same position, by wings. All were then ordered to lie down. The fire from the enemy ceased and all was quiet.

I ordered Company A to deploy as skirmishers to the extreme left of the Nineteenth Indiana, and sent a few men to the front a short distance, to prevent a surprise. Thus we lay until nearly midnight, when part of General Gorman's brigade took our ground, while we fell back a short distance for ammunition. The action was not resumed after my regiment left the front line.

Fortunately the Second suffered lightly in comparison with other regiments of the brigade, as the list of killed and wounded, heretofore forwarded, will show.

As usual, the officers and men behaved well. Captain Colwell, of Company B, was killed while in command of the line of skirmishers. His place can hardly be filled. He was a fine officer and beloved by the whole regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LUCIUS FAIRCHILD,

Colonel Second Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers.

FRANK A. HASKELL,

Lieutenant and A. D. C., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Gibbon's Brigade.

No. 25. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Edward S. Bragg, Sixth Wisconsin Infantry, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

GIBBON'S Brigadier, HDQRS. SIXTH Regiment WISCONSIN VOLS.,

In the Field, September 20, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with circular from headquarters, I have the honor to report that at the battle of South Mountain, on the 14th instant, the Sixth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers moved up the mountain gorge to the right of the turnpike, in support of the Seventh Wisconsin Volunteers, who were moving in front, supporting a line of skirmishers. The skirmishers soon found the enemy in front, and an irregular fire commenced. This was past twilight. The Seventh moved to the support of the skirmishers, and was soon engaged with the enemy, who was concealed in a wood on their left and in a ravine in front. So soon as the Seventh received the fire of the enemy and commenced replying, I deployed the Sixth, and with the right wing opened fire upon the enemy concealed in the wood upon the right. I also moved the left wing by the right flank into

the rear of the right wing, and commenced a fire by the wings alternately, and advancing the line after each volley.

At this time I received an order from the general, directing me to flank the enemy in the wood. The condition of the surface of the ground, and the steepness of the ascent up the mountain side, rendered this movement a difficult one; but without hesitation the left wing moved by the

