
as this was done, we opened a fire on their flank that broke them up badly, scattering them in great confusion. They, however, soon rallied and returned our fire, making sad havoc in our ranks. General Patrick came up in our rear with support, and ordered his men to advance through our line to the front, which they did, but not without suffering severely. The Seventh Wisconsin then marched by the blank to the place where we first entered the woods, the enemy showing signs of a flank movement on our right. The regiment lay in this position until the enemy, unseen by us, had planted a battery about 300 yards distant on our right, supported by infantry. They commenced throwing grape and canister into our ranks with terrible effect, whereupon we retired under cover of an elevation of land covered with timber, thereby rendering their fire harmless to us until we joined the balance of the brigade, which lay then to our rear.

Our men all stood and fought bravely. Our number on entering the field was about 190 men. We lost 9 killed, 26 wounded, and 5 missing.*

I have the honor, sir, to be your most obedient servant,

JNumbers B. CALLIS,

Captain, Commanding Seventh Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers.

FRANK A. HASKELL,

Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Gibbon's Brigade.

No. 27. Report of Brigadier General James B. Ricketts, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, THIRD CORPS,Near Sharpsburg, September 21, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my division:

On the morning of the 14th instant the division was under arms to march at daylight from its encampment near the Monocacy, and arrived at the east side of South Mountain, about a mile north of the turnpike, at 5 p. m., forming line of battle, First Brigade, Brigadier-General Duryea, on the extreme right; Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Hartsuff, in the center, and Second Brigade, Colonel Christian, on the left. The route of the First and Third Brigades extended over very rough ground to the crest of the mountain, which was gallantly won. On the left the Second Brigade was sent to the relief of General Doubleday's, which was hard pressed and nearly out of ammunition. It engaged the enemy with terrible effect, and drove him down the west side of the mountain.

It being now too dark to advance, and the men much exhausted, operations ceased for the night. The next morning, the enemy having fled during the night, the division moved forward and encamped near Keedysville. The artillery was not engaged.

The list of casualties is annexed: First Brigade, 5 killed, 16 wounded; Second Brigade, 2 killed, 6 wounded; Third Brigade, 2 killed, 4 wounded. Total killed and wounded, 35.

From Keedysville on the afternoon of the 16th the division crossed

* But see revised statement, p. 189

