
the Antietam River and moved toward Sharpsburg, in direction of the enemy's left flank. Third Brigade was formed in line of battle while under from the enemy's artillery; Second Brigade toward the left of the Third, and First Brigade in reserve. The artillery, though within range, was places as much under shelter as possible for the night.

The morning of the 17th your order to advance and occupy the woods in front was being carried out, when General Hartsuff, who was examining the ground, was severely wounded, and the services of this valuable officer were lost. The brigade moved forward, supported by Second Brigade on the left and First Brigade on the right, all advancing with the artillery, Battery F, First Pennsylvania, under Captain Matthews, and Captain Thompson's Independent Pennsylvania Battery, each consisting of four 3-inch rifled guns. Taking advantage of the ground, both batteries opened with destructive effect, officers and men displaying great coolness while exposed to a severe fire of artillery and infantry.

The division gained the outer edge of the wood, and kept up a fearful fire for four hours, until the ammunition being exhausted and the supports coming up, it was compelled to retire to refill boxes, after which the division joined the rest of the corps on the right, near the turnpike, and, with the exception of a brisk fire from the enemy's artillery, under which they stood, was not employed again during the day only to hold that position.

I commend the general good conduct of the division, and would mention particularly Brigadier-General Duryea; Colonel Coulte, Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers; Colonel Lyle, Ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Captain E. W. Matthews, First Pennsylvania

artillery, and Captain James Thompson, Independent Pennsylvania Artillery; also the names in the subjoined list, marked B. Indeed, both officers and men displayed courage under a severe fire.

Casualties as per annexed list, marked C*: Out of 3,158 taken into action 1,051 were killed and wounded - 153 killed and 898 wounded.

Of my staff I take pleasure in mentioning the distinguished gallantry of Captain John W. Williams, assistant adjutant-general; also Captain Benjamin W. Richards, aide-de-camp, and Captain F. Gerker, commissary of subsistence.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES B. RICKETTS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER.

B.

List of officers and men who behaved with gallantry in the engagements of September 14 - 17, 1862.

FIRST BRIGADE.

One hundred and fifth Regiment New York Volunteers:

Lieutenant-Colonel Carroll.

Major J. W. Shedd.

Captain Bradley.

Lieutenant Doolittle.

Assistant Adjutant-General Duryea.

*Nominal lit omitted

