
All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, colonel, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. RICHARDSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-sixth New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant DAVID P. WEAVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

No. 30. Report of Lieutenant Samuel A. Moffett, Ninety-fourth New York Infantry, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.
HDQRS. NINETY-FOURTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,Saturday, September 20, 1862.

DEAR SIR: In compliance with general orders, I would respectfully report that on Sunday, September 14, our regiment marched from Frederick to South Mountain, arriving at that point at about 6 o'clock p. m. We continued the march until part way up the mountain, when we formed in line of battle, and for a short time remained at a halt. Very soon after we were ordered to march by the front toward the summit, which was continued but a short distance, when we were ordered to move by the left flank. In this direction we moved until far enough to join the right of our brigade upon the left of the First Brigade, when we were again ordered to move to the front, changing our direction by the right flank. We then continued our advance to the front until we occupied our position during the engagement, our regiment being upon the extreme left of the brigade. During the action Captain D. C. Tomlinson was wounded in the back of his neck; also one private of Company D. Number of killed, 2.

Evening having so far set in, the engagement was soon brought to a close. We laid on our arms during the night. Monday, 15th, finding the enemy had retreated, we began a march in pursuit, which was continued to Deedysville, where we encamped for the night. 16th, during the latter part of the day, we again took up our march, and continued it to the battle-ground near Sharpsburg, Md., arriving there at about 11 p. m., when we rested on our arms until the morning of the 17th, between 5 and 6 a. m., when we moved from the position we then occupied to another piece of woods, and immediately formed in line of battle and marched to the front, where our men were engaged for little more than one hour. Our position occupied during this engagement was next to the extreme left of the brigade.

S. A. MOFFETT,

Lieutenant, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel LYLE,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 31. Report of Captain Henry R. Myers, Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, Second Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., September 19, 1862.

I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders detailing the regiment as wagon guard on the 14th instant, we marched from about a

