
mile east of Frederick City through that town, and halted about 2 miles west of it until near dark, when we received orders to join the brigade. We started on the march, passing through Middletown, and encamped on South Mountain late at night until daylight next morning (15th), when we continued our march in search of the brigade, which we reached about 10 a. m. About noon we started, passing through Boonsborough, and encamped about half a mile outside of Petersville [Keedysville]. Late in the afternoon on the 16th we moved forward on the left of the Ninetieth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, and laid on our arms all night in a woods.

Shortly after daylight our division advanced in line of battle, out Brigade supporting General Hartsuff, the Ninetieth on out right and Ninety-fourth on our left, to the end of a woods, where we relieved the Ninth New York, and commenced firing, continuing for about two hours, when we were ordered to fall back, fill our cartridge-boxes, and draw rations. We then waited further orders.

During the engagement Major George W. Gile was badly wounded in the leg, and the command devolved upon Captain H. R. Myers.

The loss is as follows: Killed, 10; wounded, 62; missing, 5.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

H. R. MYERS,

Captain, Commanding Eighty-eight Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant DAVID P. WEAVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 32. Report of Colonel Peter Lyle, Ninetieth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.
HDQRS. NINETIETH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,On the road to Sharpsburg, Md., September 19, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to orders received from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the regiment under my command in the recent engagements with the enemy on the 14th, 16th, and 17th instant:

At 4 a. m. on Sunday morning, the 14th, the regiment, then lying outside of Frederick, was under arms, and left Frederick about 9 a. m., taking the turnpike toward Middletown. We arrived at the latter place about 12 m., when we were halted on the road for some time, until Reno's division had passed us. We then took up the march; passed up the turnpike a mile; took the road to the right; passed up the mountains, and were formed in line of battle, with orders

to support Hartsuff's brigade. While standing in this position we received orders to advance into the woods, where our troops in front were engaging the enemy.

The firing of musketry at this time being most terrific, we advanced in line of battle, moving obliquely to the left and front. Having received later orders to relieve Doubleday's brigade, who were running out of ammunition, we moved up to the crest of the hall, took the position occupied by Doubleday's brigade, and immediately engaged the enemy. The firing was kept up until darkness put an end to the engagement. We had but 3 men wounded slightly, who were by mistake included in the list furnished for the 17th instant. We lay on our arms all

