
night, and during the night we took some 15 prisoners, some of whom were wounded.

The next morning we found that the enemy gad retreated during the night, leaving on the field, immediately in front of our position and within 20 yards of our lines, from 400 to 600 dead, the wounded, except those mentioned above, having been carried off.

The same morning we started of in pursuit, and on Tuesday, having crossed the Antietam the day before, we came up with the enemy, and having formed in close column under fire from their batteries, entered the wood, and formed in line of battle on the left of Hartsuff's brigade, the Pennsylvania Reserves being in the wood in front of us.

We again lay on our arms all night, and at daybreak the next morning (17th) we moved to the right, passed to the front through a cornfield, and took position on the left of Matthews' battery, First pennsylvania, which we were ordered to support. Here we were exposed to a severe fire of musketry and shell, we being immediately in rear of the skirmishers, who were engaging the enemy in the corn-field in front. We were moved to the left behind a wood, and formed in close column. The shells falling around us, the battery was moved to the front, into the woods. Here we were subject to a raking fire of grape, canister, and shell. The battery fell back, and the regiment was deployed and moved to the front in line. We passed through the woods into a plowed field, where we engaged the enemy until our forces on the right and left gave way, when, having but about 100 men left, we fell back slowly and in good order, under cover of the woods, and then, being hard pressed by the enemy, we fell to the rear, finding that fresh troops were coming to our relief.

I again take the occasion to call your attention to Lieutenant Colonel William A. Leech, Major A. J. Sellers, and Adjt. D. P. Weaver, who throughout all these engagements behaved with great coolness and bravery.

I desire also to mention for their coolness on the field, Capts. Jacob M. Davis, William H. Warner, Charles F. Maguire (wounded), John W. Barnes, and John A. Gorgas; Lieuts. F. A. Chadwick, A. Morin (wounded), J. P. Mead, J. M. Moore (wounded), S. W. Moore (wounded), W. H. Hewlings, W. F. Myers, Lindsley, R. W. Davis, G. W. Watson, E. J. Gorgas, J. T. Riley, and W. S. Ellis; also Private W. H. Paul, who carried the colors, the color-bearer having been killed in the early part of the engagement.

Respectfully submitted.

P. LYLE,

Colonel, Commanding Ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain PALMER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 33. Reports of Brigadier General George G. Meade, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION (MEADE'S), HOOKER'S CORPS,September 24, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the division of the Pennsylvania Reserves under my command during the action of South Mountain Gap on the 14th instant:

The division left its camp at the Monocacy early on the morning of

