
The conduct of the division on this occasion was such as to uphold its well-earned reputation for steadiness and gallantry, and, fortunately, was witnessed by the general commanding the corps, as well as by others. I am greatly indebted to Brigadier-General Seymour for the skill with which he handled his brigade on the extreme right flank, securing by his maneuvers the great object of our movements, viz, the outflanking the enemy. To Colonel McNeil, of the First Pennsylvania Rifles, who with his regiment has always been in the advance, I am indebted for ascertaining the exact position of the enemy.

Colonels Magilton and Gallagher, in command of the Second and Third Brigades, formed their men and carried them to the summit of the mountain in the most creditable manner. I regret to report that Colonel Gallagher, while gallantly leading his men, was wounded and compelled to leave the field. To my personal staff, consisting of Captain E. C. Baird, assistant adjutant-general, Captain J. Adair, commissary of subsistence, and Lieuts. William Riddle and A. G. Mason, Fifth Pennsylvania Reserves, acting aides-de-camp, I am indebted for the prompt execution of all my orders, carried under a severe fire across rocks, stone walls, and the most rugged country I almost ever saw.

The command rested on their arms during the night. The ammunition train was brought up and the men's cartridge-boxes were filled, and every preparation made to renew the contest at daylight the next morning should the enemy be in force. Unfortunately, the morning opened with a heavy mist, which prevented any view being obtained, so that it was not till 7 a. m. that it was ascertained the enemy had retired entirely from the mountain.

I beg leave to refer to the reports of brigade and regimental commanders for the several parts taken by their command. I also accompany this report with a consolidated return of the killed and wounded and missing, amounting, as will be seen, to 399 in all, or about 10 percent of the force taken into action.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division Pennsylvania Reserves.

Major JOSEPH DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD (MEADE'S) DIVISION,September 22, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit herewith a report of the operations of the division under my command in the actions of the 16th and 17th instant, on the Antietam:

The division left the mountain gap on the morning of the 15th, and marched beyond Keedysville, bivouacking on the forks of the Big and Little Antietam. On the afternoon of the 16th, about 2 p. m., the division, constituting the advance of Hooker's corps, moved, by direction of the general commanding the corps, on the road to Williamsport, where, after crossing the bridge over the main Antietam, the head of the column was moved to the left across the country, advancing on what was understood to be the enemy's left flank. Soon after leaving the road, the cavalry advance reported having been fired upon, when, by direction of the general commanding the corps, the regiment of First Penn-

* But see revised statement, p. 186

