
3,000 strong, and loss in killed and wounded over 570 - 20 percent. The conduct throughout the action, both of officers and men, was such as to merit my warmest thanks, and to truly entitle them to the name of veterans.

To my personal staff, consisting of Captain E. C. Baird, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant William Riddle and A. G. Mason, aides, I am indebted, as heretofore, for the prompt execution of my orders, under the severest fire. Lieutenant Riddle received a painful wound in the hand just before the division was withdrawn from the field.

I cannot close this report without calling your attention to the skill and good judgment, combined with coolness, with which Captain Ransom, his officers (Lieutenants Weir and Gansevoort) and men, served his battery. In a previous part of this report I have described the advance of the enemy through the corn-field, and the check the column received from Captain Ransom's fire. I consider this this one of the most critical periods of the morning, and that to Captain Ransom's battery is due the credit of repulsing the enemy. I also which to mention particularly the efficiency and gallantry of Lieutenant-Colonel Warner, Tenth Pennsylvania Reserves, both in the actions at South Mountain and on the Antietam. He was detached with his regiment for special service, accomplished by him in the most creditable manner, and in the latter battle he was severely wounded. He is an officer whom I would be glad to see elevated to a higher position.

Surg. William King, the medical director of the division, was early on the field in both actions, and with his usual energy and promptitude brought up the ambulances and established the hospitals in such manner as to secure for our wounded the speediest assistance.

There are many other names that will be brought to your notice, through the reports of subordinate commanders, as I have confined myself in this report exclusively to those that came under my special notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major JOSEPH DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 34. Report of Captain James H. Cooper, Battery B, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of the battle of South Mountain.

* * * * * * *

At 3.30 o'clock p. m., by order of General Hooker, the battery was placed upon a high hill to the right of the turnpike and near the base of the mountain. Immediately on coming into battery, 25 or 30 caseshot were thrown among the enemy on the slope of the mountain, scattering them, but, eliciting no reply from the enemy's guns, I ceased firing, by General Hooker's order, that the infantry might advance. The position of our lines prevented any further firing during the evening no order to change position being received.

No casualties attended the engagement. * * *

J. H. COOPER,

Captain Pennsylvania Artillery, Commanding Battery B.

