
Numbers 36. Reports of Colonel Albert L. Magilton, Fourth Pennsylvania Reserves, commanding Second Brigade, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, PENNSYLVANIA RES. VOL. CORPS,Near Sharpsburg, Md., September 21, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the Second Brigade, Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps, in the action of South Mountain, September 14, 1862:

The Second Brigade started from the Monocacy River Sunday, September 14, 1862, and traveled the Hagerstown turnpike until it reached the base of the South Mountain. Here the brigade was marched on a road leading to the right about 2 miles, and formed in line of battle facing the mountains. The Third Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps was then detached to watch the road we had just come out, about the distance of three-quarters of a mile to our right, and did not become engaged. The remaining regiments were then ordered to the front up the mountain. At the foot of the mountain we engaged the enemy, and we advanced steadily to the front, driving the enemy over the mountain. Becoming quite dark, and our ammunition giving out, I took up a position and remained sleeping on our arms for the night.

I have the pleasure to state that all did their duty well, and pushed forward with great courage, for which they deserve the highest praise. A list of the killed, wounded, and missing has been furnished.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. MAGILTON,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Pa. Res. Vol. Corps, Commanding Second Brigadier

Lieutenant CHARLES N. JACKSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Seymour's Division.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, PENNSYLVANIA RES. VOL. CORPS,Near Sharpsburg, Md., September 21, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the Second Brigade, Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps, in the actions of September 16 and 17, 1862:

The Second Brigade marched from near Keedysville, on the Williamsport road, on the 16th of September, 1862. When near the Williamsport and Sharpsburg turnpike the enemy was discovered to our left. We immediately advanced toward the enemy; four companies of the Third Regiment were deployed as skirmishers, who advanced to our front and right. The other regiments were marched in column of battalions, of division front, until we came to a woods, directly in front of the enemy's position; here we deployed in line under cover of the woods and the night, for it was quite dark. Captain Ransom, with Company C, Fifth Regulars, United States Artillery, was ordered by General Meade immediately to our front, and he opened a fire upon the enemy's battery, which was firing upon the First Brigade, which soon silenced the enemy's guns. The battery was then withdrawn, and we slept upon our arms for the high, throwing out a picket to the front.

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 185.

18 R R-VOL XIX, PT I

