
but the fire at that moment became so severe from the left flank that this line moved off in a body to the right, in spite of all the efforts that could be made to stop it. The first and second lines after some time followed this movement, but the whole division was promptly rallied, took a strong position, and maintained it to the close of the battle. Richardson's and French's division maintained a furious and successful fight from the time they entered the battle till the end of it, highly to the honor of the officers and soldiers.

Major-General Sedgwick was severely wounded, but remained on the field for some time afterward, exerting himself to the utmost. Major-General Richardson was also seriously wounded while gallantly leading his division, and was obliged to be borne from the field. Brigadier-Generals Dana and Max Weber were also wounded at the heads of their brigades, and were obliged to leave the field.

I regret to report that the loss in my corps was very heavy, which is to be accounted for by the long and furious contest that my divisions had to maintain in the center against the most determined efforts of the enemy.

I cannot give too much praise to the regimental officers and soldiers of the Second Corps, and I adopt and indorse all the subordinate reports.

As the circumstances of the battle prevented me from witnessing the conduct of Banks' corp, I would refer to the report of general Williams for all that relates to that corps.

I would respectfully commend to the Government the following general officers who were distinguished for their zeal and devotion: Major General I. B. Richardson, Major General J. Sedgwick, Brigadier General A. S. Williams (commanding Banks' corps), Brigadier General O. O. Howard, Brigadier General W. S. Hancock, Brigadier General W. A. Gorman, Brigadier General Max Weber, Brigadier General T. F. Meagher, and Brigadier General J. C. Caldwell.

I would also beg leave to recommend my staff officers, Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Taylor, adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel P. J. Revere, inspector-general; Lieutenant Colonel C. D. Blanchard, chief quartermaster, and my aides, Major L. Kip. Captain W. G. Jones, Captain J. C. Audenried, and Captain S. S. Sumner. These young men behaved in the most gallant manner, and did all that men could do to aid me throughout this trying battle.

Lieutenant-Colonel Revere and Captain Audenried wee both severely wounded, and obliged to leave the field.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

P. S. - The following batteries belonging to my corps were all engaged on the 17th ultimo, and all rendered distinguished services: Captain J. A. Tompkins' battery, Rhode Island Artillery; Captain R. D. Pettit's battery, First New York Artillery; Captain J. D. Frank's battery, First New York Artillery; Captain J. G. Hazard's battery, Rhode Island Artillery; Captain C. D. Owen's battery, Rhode Island Artillery; Lieutenant E. Kirby;s battery, First U. S. Artillery; Lieutenant E. Thomas' battery, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

E. V. SUMNER,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

