
changed front obliquely to the right, and became engaged with the flank of the enemy's advance, and preformed an active part in frustrating his intended movement. Colonel Barlow, commanding the Sixty-first and Sixty-fourth Regiments of New York Volunteers, of Caldwell's brigade, observing the same movement of the enemy to the right, changed front and delivered his fire, performing good

service in checking the attempt to turn our flank, causing the surrender of 300 prisoners and capturing two colors. Having possession of Piper's house, by direction of General Richardson the line was withdrawn a short distance to take position on a crest, which formed a more advantageous line.

Up to this time the division was without artillery, and in taking up the new position it suffered severely from artillery fire, which could not be replied to. A section of Robertson's battery of horse artillery (brass pieces), commanded by Lieutenant Vincent, of the Second Artillery, then arrived on the ground and did excellent service. Subsequently a battery of brass guns of Porter's corps, commanded by Captain Graham, also arrived, and was posted on the same line. A heavy fire then ensued between the enemy's artillery and our own, ours finally retiring, being unable to reach the enemy, who used rifled guns, ours being smooth-bores.

General Richardson was severely wounded, about this time, while directing the movements of the troops, and while personally directing the fire of one of our batteries. General Meagher's brigade having refilled their cartridge boxes, returned at this time, and took its position him in the action of his brigade, and, in falling, received bruises which prevented him from returning to the field until the next morning.

Early in the afternoon, after General Richardson had been removed from the field, I was directed to take command of his division by Major General McClellan in person. Having received his orders and those of Major-General Sumner, I proceeded to the ground, and found that the division occupied the right center of our lines. My instructions were to hold that position against the enemy. I found the troops occupying one line of battle in close proximity to the enemy, who was then again in position behind Piper's house. The Fourteenth Connecticut Regiment and a detachment from the One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers, both under command of Colonel Dwight Morris, were in reserve, the whole command numbering about 2,100 men, with no artillery. Finding a considerable interval at a dangerous point between Meagher's brigade, then commanded by Colonel Burke, of the Sixty-third Regiment New York Volunteers, and Caldwell's brigade, the Fourteenth Connecticut was placed there, and the detachment from the One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers on the extreme left. Application was made for two batteries of artillery to the different commanders within reach, and to the chief of artillery, but none could be spared at that time. I felt able, however, to hold the position as I had been instructed, notwithstanding this deficiency and the fact that the troops were already suffering severely from the shells of the enemy, relying upon the good qualities of the troops, but was too weak to make an attack, unless an advance was made on the right, as I had no reserves, and the line was already enfiladed from its forward position by the enemy's artillery in front of our right wing, which was screened from the fire of our artillery on the right by a belt of woods, which was yet in possession of the enemy.

Some time after arriving on the ground, a command of the enemy was

