
Again General Meagher was sent to meet the bearer, who proved to be a lieutenant-colonel in the rebel service, who stated that the flag was intended to cover the operations of collecting the wounded and burying the dead, it being supposed that a truce existed by an arrangement which had been made on our right. The officer was notified that it was an error, and in a few minutes hostilities recommenced. Subsequently a number of the enemy appeared in the corn-field in our front, apparently for the purpose of collecting the dead, five of whom approached our picket line. At that moment several shots were delivered by their own sharpshooters, when these five men were arrested and sent to the rear as prisoners of war. A good deal of this uncertainty, no doubt, arose from similar operations on our right, rendering it doubtful on both sides whether or not a truce existed. The troops remained in their position until the following morning, when it was found that the enemy operation of collecting the remaining wounded, burying the dead of both forces, and poling the captured arms.

Nine regimental colors and battle-flags were taken on the field from the enemy by this division, chained as follows, and explained by the subordinate reports: The Fifth New Hampshire, Colonel Cross, captured one color. Sixty first and Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, Colonel Barlow, captured two colors. Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, commanded by Colonel Parisen (killed), subsequently by Major Chapman, and the Sixty-sixth New York, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Bull, both at the time under command of Colonel Brooke, captured two colors. The other color was captured by the division, not now known by which regiment. About 400 prisoners were captured, and 4,000 muskets collected on the field in front of the division, and piled. Our loss was as follows:207 killed, 940 wounded, 16 missing; total, 1,163.*

The loss of the enemy in killed and wounded was very heavy. Our troops behaved in the handsomest manner, and performed the part assigned to them successfully and with promptness, and in passing through the trying ordeal exhibited the soldier's noblest qualities. I regret that some of the most valuable officers of the division were killed and many wounded, some of them of those who had distinguished themselves on many previous fields. For their particular services and for details of the deeds of the different brigades, and for the special meritorious services of individuals, officers and men, I respectfully refer you to the interesting reports of General Meagher, General Caldwell, and Colonel Brooke, commanding brigades, and to the reports of regimental and battery commanders. I have, however, obtained the names of some of those who, by their position and the occasions presented, had opportunities of acquiring the highest distinction and availed themselves thereof. I cannot overlook their claim to especial mention in this report, and herewith submit their names:

First [Third] Brigade, Colonel J. R. Brooke, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding brigade: Colonel Paul Frank, commanding Fifty-second New York Volunteers; lieut. Colonel R. McMichael, commanding Fifth-third Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel P. J. Parisen, commanding Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, who was killed while gallantly leading his men in the final charge; Major A. B. Chapman, who

*But see revised statement, p. 192

