
unteers, consolidated, under the command of Colonel Barlow, of the Sixty-first New York Volunteers; on the left, the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers. The Seventh New York Volunteers occupied the right center, and the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers the left center. After forming the line, and finding no enemy in our immediate front, I commenced to wheel the brigade cautiously to the right, when I received an order from General Richardson to relieve the line of General Meagher, which had fought the enemy gallantly and suffered severely.

The whole brigade then moved by right flank in the rear of General Meagher's line, and passed his line to the front in the most perfect order, under a severe fire of musketry. The brigade advanced steadily over the crest of a hill behind which the enemy were posted, receiving and returning a heavy fire. We broke the line of the enemy along our entire front, except on the extreme right. Here there was a deep road, forming a natural rifle-pit, in which the enemy had posted himself, and from which he fired on our advancing line.

After the enemy opposed to my left and center had broken and fled through the corn-field, Colonel Barlow, by a skillful change of front, partially enveloped the enemy on his right, and after a destructive enfilading fire, compelled them to surrender. About 300 men and 8 commissioned officers, among them an aide to General Stuart, were here taken prisoners by Colonel Barlow, and conducted to the rear by my aide, Lieutenant Alvord. Two stand of colors also were captured by Colonel Barlow at this place.

Meanwhile the center and left of my brigade had advanced steadily in line into the corn-field, driving the enemy before them. Here the enemy opened upon us a terrific fire from a fresh line of infantry, and also poured upon us a fire of grape and canister from two batteries, one in the orchard just beyond the corn-field, the other farther one to the right. My regiments bore this fire with steadiness. The Seventh New York Volunteers wavered for a few minutes, but I rallied them and led them forward in person, and during the remainder of the battle they fought with the most determined bravery. The Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, ably led by Major McKeen, fought with the utmost steadiness. The Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, commanded by Colonel Cross, formed the extreme left of my line, and behaved with the greatest gallantry. Colonel Cross, ever on the alert, detected a strong force of the enemy concealed behind a ridge in the corn-field, endeavoring to turn our left flank. Colonel Cross instantly changed front forward, and received the advancing enemy with a volley, which checked him and drove him back. He soon rallied, however, and, moving by the right flank, endeavored to turn our left. He was again confronted by Colonel Cross, who, with the assistance of the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, which had moved to the left to his support, drove back the enemy with great loss. In this conflict the Fifth New Hampshire captured the State colors of the Fourth North Carolina Regiment.

By moving to the left, to avoid being flanked, an opening had been made in my line, which was filled by one of the regiments of Colonel Brooke. On the right, Colonel Barlow, finding no enemy in his immediate front, saw a considerable force moving around his right. Moving by the right-oblique to a hill about 300 yards distant, he opened a severe fire upon them, when they broke and fled. Thus both attempts to turn our flanks had been foiled by the skill and quickness of Colonels Barlow and Cross and the determined bravery of the men.

