
The enemy made one more effort to break my line, and this time the attack was made in the center. Colonel Barlow hearing firing to his left, on our old front, immediately moved to the left, and formed in line with the rest of the brigade. The whole brigade then moved forward in line, driving the enemy entirely out of the corn-field and through the orchard beyond, the enemy firing grape and canister from two brass pieces in the orchard to our front, and shell and spherical-case shot from a battery on our right. While leading his men forward under the fire, Colonel Barlow fell, dangerously wounded by a grape-shot in the groin. By command of General Richardson, I halted the brigade, and, drawing back the line, reformed it near the edge of the corn-field. It was now 1 o'clock p. m. Here we lay exposed to a heavy artillery fire, by which General Richardson was severely wounded. The fall of General Richardson (General Meagher having been previously borne from the field) left me in command of the division, which I formed in line, awaiting the enemy's attack. Not long after I was relieved from the command by General Hancock, who had been assigned to the command of the division by General McClellan.

I cannot contemplate the action of my brigade in this battle without emotions of pride and satisfaction. It drove the enemy in its first attack, foiled two successive efforts by a superior force to turn its flank - the one made on the right, and the other on the left - touted a third line of fresh troops brought against its center, captured six stand of colors, 300 prisoners, and 8 officers.

Both officers and men behaved in the most admirable manner. When the good conduct of all was so conspicuous, injustice may be done in the selection of individuals for especial commendation. I cannot forbear, however, to mention in terms of the highest praise the part taken by Colonel Barlow, of the Sixty-first New York Volunteers. Whatever praise is due to the most distinguished bravery, the utmost coolness and quickness of perception, the greatest promptitude and skill in handling troops under fire, is justly due to him. It is but simple justice to say that he has proved himself fully equal to every emergency, and I have no doubt that he would discharge the duties of a much higher command with honor to himself and benefit to the country. Colonel Cross, of the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, handled his regiment in the most admirable manner, and is entitled to the sole credit of detecting and frustrating the attempt of the enemy to turn our left flank. He displayed in a high degree all the qualities of a good commander - Gravery, readiness, coolness, and skill. Of Lieutenant-Colonel Miles it is perhaps sufficient praise to say that he added to the laurels he has acquired on every battle-field where he has been present. After the fall of Colonel Barlow he managed his two regiments in a masterly manner. Major McKeen had command of the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Johnson being absent, sick. His bravery and coolness were conspicuous. Captain Brestel, commanding Seventh New York Volunteers, behaved bravely and well. All the company and line officers, with perhaps one exception, behaved admirably, and nobly seconded the efforts of their superior officers.

The members of my staff were indefatigable in their efforts, and did all I could wish in the transmission of orders. Lieutenants Cross, Alvord, and Scott were all particularly brave and active. Lieutenant Alvord captured several prisoners with his own hand, and conducted to the rear those taken by Colonel Barlow. By command of General Richardson he have orders to the Irish Brigade, and assisted in form-

