
ing them into a second line. During the entire day all the members of my staff were incessantly active, and did most valuable service.

The casualties in the brigade were 43 killed and 280 wounded. * I furnished several days ago a nominal list of the killed and wounded.

JOHN C. CALDWELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant W. G. MITCHELL,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 43. Reports of Colonel Edward E. Cross, Fifth New Hampshire Infantry, of skirmish at Boonsborough and battle of Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,Camp near the Battle-field, September 18, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of my regiment on the march in pursuit of the enemy from Middletown Heights on the 15th instant:

On arriving within 1 mile of the village of Boonsborough, my regiment, which formed the rear guard of the division, suddenly received orders to march to the front as soon as possible. We passed the division at double-quick, and on reaching the front received orders from Major-General Richardson to deploy as skirmishers and cover the advance. I therefore threw four companies on each side of the road, keeping two companies in the center. We advanced through the village, taking quite a number of prisoners, and proceeded on the track of the enemy along the road to Sharpsburg. The cavalry of the enemy were soon encountered, and our line advanced, skirmishing briskly, until the enemy were driven over Antietam Creek, and their line of battle discovered. During the day my regiment held the front, exposed to the fire of the enemy's artillery and sharpshooters. The latter we several times drove from their lurking places. We held our ground until 9 o'clock

in the evening, when we were relieved, having lost during the day 1 officer and 3 men wounded - all slightly. We killed and wounded at least 12 of the enemy and took 60 prisoners. More might have been taken, but I could not spare the force to pursue them.

The next day four companies of my regiment were sent, under Major Sturtevant, do drive away the enemy's sharpshooters from the upper bridge and prevent the bridge from being burned. Two companies, under Captains Cross and Long, were sent to destroy a dam which backed up the waters of the creek, but were unable to perform this duty for want of tools.

I beg leave to mention particularly Major Sturtevant, Captains Pierce, Murray, Long, Cross, Perry and Crafts, for excellent and skillful conduct while commanding their skirmishers, as they were under fire from a concealed foe for more than ten hours, and they report the conduct of their men as excellent throughout.

Very respectfully,

E. E. CROSS,

Colonel Fifth New Hampshire.

Captain CALDWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

* But see revised statement, p. 191

