HEADQUARTERS FIFTH NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,On the Battle-field, September 18, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In reference to the part taken by my regiment in the battle of the 17th instant, I have the honor to report that, on arriving at the scene of action, I was ordered forward to relieve on of the regiments of the Irish Brigade, which was done under fire. We then advanced in line of battle several hundred yards and entered a corn-field. While marching by the right flank to gain our position in line of battle, we received a heavy fire of shell and canister-shot, which killed and wounded quite a number of officers and men, a single shell wounding 8 men and passing through the State colors of my regiment.

I had scarcely reached my position on the left of the first line of battle and opened fire, when it was reported that the enemy were cautiously attempting to outflank the entire division with a strong force concealed behind a ridge, and in the same corn-field in which I was posted. They had, in fact, advanced within 200 yards of the left of our lines, and were preparing to charge. I instantly ordered a change of front to the rear, which was executed in time to confront the advancing line of the enemy in their center with a volley at very short range, which staggered and hurled them back. They rallied and attempted to gain my left, but were again confronted and held, until, assistance being received, they were driven back with dreadful loss. In this severe conflict my regiment captured the State colors of the Fourth North Carolina Regiment,

Corpl. George Nettleton, of Company G, although wounded, bringing them off the field, displaying great bravery and endurance.

My regiment remained on the battle-field all the remainder of the day, under fire of shot and shell, and picketed the field at night. Throughout the whole time my officers and men exhibited all the qualities of good soldiers, steady, brave, and prompt in action, although the forces of the enemy were more than three to one.

Major Sturtevant, Adjutant Dodd, Captains Pierce, Long, Murray, Cross, Perry, Randlett, and Crafts deserve especial mention for their gallant conduct; also Lieutenants Graves, George, and Bean, each commanding companies, and Lieutenants Livermore, Ricker, and Goodwin.

The following officers were wounded: Colonel Cross (slightly); Captains Long and Randlett; First Lieutenants Graves and Parks; Second Lieutenants Bean, George, Twitchell, Little, and Hurd. Lieutenant George A. Gay, a gallant young officer, was killed. Sergeant-Major Liscomb was also wounded. Of enlisted men, as far as can be ascertained, 107 were killed and wounded. Our wounded were attended to by Drs. Knight, Davis, and Childs as rapidly and as well as possible, and were all made very comfortable.

Very truly,

EDWARD E. CROSS,

Colonel Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers.

Captain CALDWELL.

No. 44. Report of Captain Charles Brestel, Seventh New York Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,September 20, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Seventh New York Volunteers on the 17th instant was ordered to take position in the battle-field

