
Eighty-first Pennsylvania Regiment, and was not engaged again during the day.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the coolness and brave spirit with which both officers and men fought on that day. Colonel Barlow on this, as on other occasions, displayed qualities for handling troops under fire which are not often met. Captain Maze, Lieutenant W. Keech, Lieutenant Frederick W. Grannis, and Lieutenant T. W. Greig were noticed as behaving in the ;most excellent manner; also Dr. Tompkins, who followed the regiment upon the field and rendered prompt assistance to the wounded.

NELSON A. MILES,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixty-First and Sixty-Fourth N. Y. Vols.

Captain GEORGE H. CALDWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Caldwell's Brigade.

No. 47. Report of Major H. Boyd McKeen, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

SEPTEMBER 20, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 17th we marched into position on the battle field near Miley's Springs about 10 a. m. We were ordered to advance, which was done. Having taken up our position in the corn-field near the orchard, we were again ordered to move, which the regiment executed most creditably under a heavy fire of grape. We formed at right angles to our old position.

In my new position I found the Second Delaware Regiment immediately in my front. For some cause the regiment broke out. We would not allow them to pass our line. They then returned to their old position and fought nobly. At this time I noticed the enemy's flags approaching from the orchard, and engaging the Fifth New Hampshire. The Fifth having taken up their position on the edge of the corn-field, and in the old road, I immediately changed the position of my regiment, taking position on their right, opening fire on the enemy with terrible execution. The Fifth New Hampshire and Eighty-first Pennsylvania thus completely frustrated an attempt to flank the division. We were then marched to the left of the corn-field, and remained under a heavy artillery fire the balance of the day. Our casualties are 8 killed and 44 wounded. * The officers and privates of the regiment that were in the engagement behaved with great coolness and bravery.

Yours, respectfully,

H. BOUD MCKEEN,

Major, Commanding Eighty-first Pennsylvania.

General J. C. CALDWELL,

Commanding Brigade.

* But see revised statement, p. 191.

