
In the early part of the action Captain P. J. Condon and Lieutenant Thomas W. Cartwright, both of Company G, fell wounded while gallantly cheering on their men bravely at their post, as also Captain M. O'Sullivan, Company F, while Lieutenant P. W. Lydon, commanding Company D, Lieutenant Cadwalader Smith, Company C, and Lieutenant McConnell, of Company K, bravely rallying the gallant remaining few, fell pierced by bullets, instantly fatal.

As the right wing had fallen before me, I hastened to the left, where I found the major (Bentley) close upon the line, and Captain Joseph O'Neill, Company A, whose company had all fallen around him on the right, now assisting the major on the left. Here also was the stalwart Lieutenant Gleason, Company H, raising and supporting the repeatedly falling colors, with Lieutenant John Sullivan commanding and pushing forward Company K; and here lay the slender form of Captain Kavanagh, Company I, cold in death; the brave and enthusiastic Lieutenant R. P. Moore, Company E, passing from right to left, boldly urging his men to stand firm, and the gallant Lieutenant George Lynch, second lieutenant Company G, bravely pressing on until he too fell, mortally wounded. The killed died as brave men, sword in hand, and amid the thickest of the fight. Major Bentley was now wounded, and retired to have his wound dressed. Our number now left was less than 50 men; our colors, although in ribbons, and staff shot through, were still there, sustained at a bloody sacrifice, 16 men having fallen while carrying them. I now received a severe wound, and was compelled to retire just as the lines of the enemy were breaking.

The officers and men all acted with a coolness and heroism worthy of honorable mention, yet I cannot close this meager report without recommending to your special notice Major Richard C. Bentley and Captain J. O'Neill, whose cool and gallant conduct upon this trying and painful occasion merits the warmest commendation.

In conclusion, permit me to congratulate you that your gallant little brigade has once more crowned itself with fresh laurels, and given additional and bloody proofs of its devotion to the Constitution and the flag of our beloved country.

Very respectfully,

HENRY FOWLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Sixty-third Regiment, Irish Brigade.

Brigadier General THOMAS FRANCIS MEACHER,

Commanding Irish Brigade.

No. 50. Report of Major James Cavanagh, Sixty-ninth New York Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. 69TH Regiment N. Y. S. VOLS., IRISH Brigadier,Camp on the Field, near Sharpsburg, Md., September 21, 1862.

GENERAL: Agreeably to request, I herewith transmit to you the following report of our participation in the late battle of the 17th instant:

As you are aware, Lieutenant Colonel James Kelly had command of our regiment up to the time he was wounded and borne from the field, which I deeply regret happened to so brave an officer, the fight being yet, so far as our regiment was concerned, only a short time in progress. The com-

