
morning, so far as I observed, was occasioned by the the lines being simultaneously turned on the left.

The promptness in rallying their commands is creditable to the officers. I did not see one officer belonging to this division in any way misbehaving during the day. I noticed General Gorman at his post near his command while it was retiring, and he remained with it during the rest of the day, inspiriting his men by his remarks, and calling upon them to sustain the reputation they already had. General Dana was severely wounded in the early part of the action at his perilous post, manfully doing his duty.

By the direction of General Dana, Colonel Hall, Seventh Michigan Regiment, was placed in command of the brigade. Colonel Baxter. Seventy-second Pennsylvania, with a portion of his regiment, had fallen back considerably to our left, and did not find me till afternoon. As Colonel Owen, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania, was the ranking colonel in his absence, he commanded my brigade; Colonel Baxter took command on his return. These brigade commanders were prompt and efficient in the execution of my orders. The following officers were especially successful in drawing off their regiments without breaking: Colonel Sully, First Minnesota; Colonel Hinks, and, after he was wounded, Lieutenant Colonel Devereux, Nineteenth Massachusetts, and Colonel Hall, Seventh Michigan.

In my brigade, Colonel Morehead, One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania, assisted by Major Stover, first rallied and made a stand against the enemy, and was placed in the east position indicated by General Sumner. The next, Colonel Owen, railed his men near me, exerting himself strenuously to make every man do his duty. Colonel Wistar, Seventy-first Pennsylvania, with his right arm nearly useless from a former wound, had his left disabled. He also was prompt and efficient I wish specially to mention Major Mallon, Forty-second New York, for his gallantry in rescuing in person his fallen flag under a sharp fire. I shall trust to brigade commanders to do justice to others who are equally deserving. I will not omit to mention the two batteries attached to this division. Captain Tompkins' Rhode Island battery, for a long time almost unsupported, did terrible execution; and to the other, Kirby's battery, commanded by Lieutenant Woodruff. U. S. Army, I owe special thanks for the work it did, spoken of before.

What to me seemed a little remarkable is that my duplicate staff, consisting of General Burns' and my own, five in number, were neither of them injured, though all mounted and much exposed. Captain Hicks, assistant adjutant-general, had his horse shot under him. He and Lieutenant Blakeney, aide-de-camp, were actively engaged in bringing forward the left of my line during the advance. Captain Whittelsey, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Howard, aide-de-camp, were cool and brave, and afforded me every assistance in their power. Lieutenant Griffith had his horse wounded, and deserves high commendation for his good conduct.

The aides of General Sedgwick, Captain Howe and Lieutenant Whittier, reported to me immediately after the general retired, and faithfully assisted me during the day. Lieutenant Steele, division ordnance officer, stood by the general left the field, was sent for the ammunition, which he brought up for distribution.

Major Sedgwick, division assistant adjutant-general, was most seriously wounded while in the execution of his duties, and left suffering upon the field till afternoon. No one's conduct as a cool and brave soldier, it is said by his comrades, deserves higher commendation.

