
The total loss of the division is as follows:

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command.

General	 134	 536	 88

Gorman's

brigade

General Dana's	 128 	 650	 124

brigade

General Burns'	 89	 370	 109

(or Howard's)

brigade

Company A, 1st	 4	 15	 ..............

Rhode Island

Artillery

Company I, 1st	 ..............	 6	 ..............

United States

Artillery

Total*	 355	 1,577 	 321

The men of this division, already standing high as veteran soldiers, having endured hard marches, excessive fatigue and privation, receive from me my most hearty expressions of gratitude.

The above list stands for itself a record of almost unparalleled loss during a single battle. They have poured out their blood like water, and we must look to God and our country for a just reward.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Numbers 59. Report of Captain John A. Tompkins, Battery A, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, of the battle of Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS COMPANY A, FIRST RHODE ISLAND LIGHT ARTILLERY,Harper's Ferry, September 24, 1862

GENERAL: Here with I have the honor to hand you my report of the operations of my battery in the action on the 17th instant.

I left the division on the morning of the 16th instant, by order of Major F. N. Clarke, chief of artillery of the Second Corps, and crossed the Antietam Creek by the bridge on the Williamsport road and camped that night on Hoffman's farm. Wednesday morning, at 8 o'clock, I moved my command to the front, and was ordered by Major Kip, of General Sumner's staff, to report to General Hooker. By General Hooker's order I placed my battery in position on a knoll on the left of the road, directly in front of some burning ruins, and opened fire about 9 o'clock upon a battery directly in front of my position. At 9.30 the enemy appeared upon my right front with a large column, apparently designing to charge the battery. I was not aware of their approach until the head of the column gained the brow of a hill, about 60 yards from the right fun of the battery. The pieces were immediately oblique to the right, and a sharp fire of canister opened upon them, causing them to retire in confusion, leaving the ground covered with their dead and wounded, and abandoning one of their battle-flags, which was secured by a regiment which came up on my right after the enemy had retreated. The enemy now opened a fire upon us from a battery in front, and also from one on the right, near, the white schoolhouse. Two guns were directed to reply to the battery on the right, while the fire of the rest was directed upon the guns in front, which were silenced in about twenty minutes, and one of their caissons blown up. On my left the troops of General French were engaged with the

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 193.

---------------

