
enemy, who occupied a corn-field, in front of which was a line of fencerails. About 10.30 the enemy were re-enforced, and advanced their line to the edge of the corn-field. I at once ordered the battery to open on them with shell and case-shot, using 1 1/2

seconds and 2-seconds fuses. Twice they advanced their flag to the edge of the field, but were forced to retire by the rapid and destructive fire of the battery. At 11.30, finding my ammunition running low, I sent to General Sumner for orders, and at 12 m. was relieved by Company g, First Rhode Island Light Artillery. I then withdrew my command to the ground occupied the night before, and at once refilled my ammunition-chests.

During the greater portion of the time I was engaged, the battery was without support, and exposed on its right flank to an enfilading fire from the rebel infantry. I report having expended 83 rounds of canister, 68 rounds of solid shot, 427 rounds shell, and 454 rounds of case shot-1,050 rounds in all. With the exception of the shots fired at the battery on my right, which was hid by a ridge, every shot was fired at a visible enemy, the guns pointed with care, and the accuracy of aim and length of fuse noticed. I report 4 killed and 15 wounded, a list of whom is annexed. Six horses were killed and 4 wounded. Three single sets of harness were lost by the horses getting among the burning timbers of the houses in rear of the battery.

The men of my command behaved nobly, and by their bravery and coolness prevented the loss of the guns. I would especially call your attention to Lieuts. Jefferey Hayard and Charles F. Mason, who displayed great coolness during the engagement, and handled their guns with excellent effect.

Since the battle I have exchanged my Parrott guns for a new battery of 3-inch ordnance pieces, and now report the command as ready for any duty for which you many desire to use the battery.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. TOMPKINS,

Captain First Rhode Island Light Art., Commanding Company A. Brigadier General

O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Division.

Numbers 60. Report of Lieutenant George A. Woodruff, Battery I, First U. S. Artillery, of the battle of Antietam.

CAMP NEAR SHARPSBURG, MD., September 21, l862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that about 10 a. m. on the 17th instant, in obedience to an order from Major Clarke, chief of artillery of General Sumner's corps, I moved to the front with Light Company I, First U. S. Artillery, and took a position in an open field, in front of which, at a distance of about 300 yards, was a piece of woods occupied by the enemy in force. At the time when we came up, our line of infantry had been broken, and was retreating rapidly and in great disorder. Coming in battery, we opened fire with canister at once, and though entirely without infantry supports, succeeded in checking the advance of the enemy. They still, however, remained in the woods, and we continued our fire, using spherical case or canister according to their distance at different times. At the end of about half an hour, a small body of cavalry advanced from the woods toward our right, but were broken up and driven back a few rounds of canister at 200 yards. A few minutes

