
their men, and equally exposed with them. Those wounded refused all assistance, ordering their men to return to the ranks and do their duty.

I desire to call your particular attention to Major Philbrick and Adjutant Hooper. They were with me during the entire engagement in the thickest of the fight, receiving and executing my orders with great coolness and promptitude.

I herewith append a list of the casualties in the late engagement.

Officers killed: Captain C. S. Simonds, Captain J. Saunders, First Lieutenant R. Derby, First Lieutenant William Berry, First Lieutenant F. S. Corbin. Officers wounded: Captain W. Forehand, slight; Captain G. C. Joslin, severe; Captain A. Bartlett, slight; First Lieutenant Thomas J. Spurr, severe; First Lieutenant L. H. Ellingwood, severe; Second Lieutenant W. Gale, slight; Second Lieutenant A. J. Bradley, slight. Enlisted men killed, 60; wounded, 238; missing, 38. Officers killed and wounded, 12. Enlisted men killed, wounded, and missing, 336. Total, 348.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. KIMBALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. GORMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General

Numbers 63. Report of Colonel Alfred Sully, First Minnesota Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., September 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part the regiment took in the action of the 17th instant:

We marched out of camp, the regiment on the right of the brigade. After crossing the creek and gaining the high ground on the opposite side, we were formed on the right of the front line of battle, under a very severe artillery fire from the enemy, and advanced under this fire over several fields, the distance of about three-quarters of a mile, into a woods close to the enemy and in front of our line of battle. Here we were posted behind a rail fence. The enemy soon appeared in force on the left of the brigade, opened a very severe fire of musketry on us, while some of their artillery in front of us also opened on us. Our loss here was very heavy, yet the men bravely held their position, and did not leave it until after the two brigades in rear had fallen back and the left regiments were moving, when they received the order to retire. Retiring in line of battle, we again halted outside the woods, to hold the enemy in check while the rest were retiring. Here the Eighty-second New York with their colonel and colors reported to me, and formed on my right. The Nineteenth Massachusetts also reported, and formed on my left. We were soon again engaged with the enemy, but, seeing that the enemy were turning my right, I ordered the line to fall back in line of battle. The regiment here also suffered greatly in killed and wounded. We again made a stand near some farm-house for a short time, and there took up a strong position about 100 yards back, behind a stone fence, when a section of artillery was sent to assist us. We kept the enemy in check till they brought a battery of artillery on our flank, which compelled me to order the regiments back to join our line of battle.

