
The officers and men of the regiment behaved nobly, and it was with some difficulty I got some of them to obey the order to fall back. We marched into the action with 435 men. This includes the sharpshooters'(Second Minnesota) company, but not Company I. They were not with us. Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing amounts to-Captain G. A. Holyborn, Company K, killed; Captains Smith, Company D; Pomeroy, Company E; Adams, Company H, wounded. Enlisted men killed, 15; wounded, 79; missing, 24. Total enlisted men killed, wounded, and missing, 118.

Among the killed the regiment have to mourn the loss of a brave and useful officer, Captain Hozborn. Captain Smith was severely wounded; Captains Adams and Pomeroy and Lieutenant Shepley, slightly.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY

Colonel First Minnesota.

Captain J. W. GORMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Gorman's Brigade.

Numbers 64. Report of Colonel James A. Suiter, Thirty-fourth New York Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FOURTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,Battle-field near Sharpsburg, Md., September 20, 1862.

SIR: I would most respectfully make the following report of the battle of the 17th instant:

We lay in camp near Keedysville, Md., on the 16th instant. In the evening of that day I received an order to be prepared to march at daylight on the morning of the 17th instant. In obedience to said order, I was under arms with my command, and so remained until the order was given to move, which was about 7.30 o'clock a. m. We moved in a northwesterly direction. Having arrived within about 1 1/2 miles of the battle-field, where General Hooker's forces had been engaged with the enemy, we were formed in line of battle by brigades, Gorman's to the front, First Minnesota Regiment on the right, Eighty-second Regiment New York Volunteers second, Fifteenth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers third, and my command, Thirty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, on the left. General Dana's brigade formed the second line, and General Howard's brigade formed the third line. We were moved at double-quick. Arriving near the battle-field, we were moved by the right flank through a piece of timber-land in three columns. At this point we were considerably crowded, the three columns occupying an extent of not more than 40 paces from our left to the right flank of General Howard's brigade, the Seventh Regiment Michigan Volunteers being crowded in my ranks, causing considerable confusion.

Arriving at the open field, we were again ordered in line of battle, being still at double-quick. We moved over this field to the pike road leading to Sharpsburg. Fronting this was a piece of timber land, into which I moved my command, still at double-quick, arriving at about 20 yards in rear of a school-house, when I discovered the enemy under the hill. I immediately ordered my command to fire, which they did in gallant order.

