
From some cause to me unknown, I had become detached from my brigade, the one hundred and twenty-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers being on my right. On my left and rear I was entirely unsupported by infantry or artillery. The enemy were in strong force at this point, and poured a tremendous fire of musketry and artillery upon me. At this time I discovered that the enemy were making a move to flank me on the left. Lieutenant Howe arriving at this time, I informed him of my suspicions. He replied that he thought they were our friends. Lieutenant Wallace, of Company C, proposed going to the front, to make what discovery he could, which I granted. He returned, saying that the enemy were moving upon my left flank with a strong force. I turned and discovered Lieutenant Richard Gorman, of General Gorman's staff, and requested him to inform the general that the enemy were flanking me. He immediately returned for that purpose. Presently General Sedgwick arrived upon the ground. Moving down my line, he discovered the situation of my command, and that the point could not be held by me, and gave the order for me to retire, which I did. Rallying my command, I formed them in line of battle, supporting a battery some 400 yards in rear of the battle-field.

In this engagement the casualties were as follows, viz: 32 killed, 109 wounded, and 9 missing. Commissioned officers: 1 killed, 2f wounded, 1 taken prisoner.

In connection with this I cannot speak in too great praise of my officers. When all acted gallantly it is impossible to single out any. I would therefore say that all did well and behaved in the most gallant manner. Of Major Beverly I would say that he was invaluable to me in assisting me on the left of my line in the most trying time. Of my color sergeant I cannot speak in too high terms. He (Sergt. Charles Burton) had carried the banner through all of the battles in which we had been engaged while on the Peninsula without receiving a wound. Here it was his fate to be struck five times, and when he was compelled to drop his colors he called upon his comrades to seize them and not to let them fall into the hands of the enemy. This was done by Corpl. G. S. Haskins, who nobly bore them from the field.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JAMES A. SUITER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. W. GORMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 65. Reports of Colonel Henry W. Hudson, Eighty-second New York Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-SECOND REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., September 20, 1862.

I have the honor to make the following report of the part this regiment took in the battle of the 17th instant:

We left camp about 7.30 a. m., the First Minnesota having the right of the brigade, the Eighty-second New York Volunteers second in line. After fording the creek and gaining the high ground, we were formed in line of battle, under a severe fire of artillery from the enemy, in the

