
soldier gives constant proofs of fidelity, gallantry, and force of character which would do honor to a higher rank. I ask that he be suitably rewarded. My thanks are due to Lieutenant G. C. Ragnet, First Minnesota Volunteers, for services performed during the heat of the engagement, at a time when I had sent away all the officers of my staff with orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Brigadier-General.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Second Division, Second Corps, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 68. Report of Colonel Norman J. Hall, Seventh Michigan Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE SECOND DIVISION, SUMNER'S CORPS,Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., September 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with the directions of General Howard, commanding division, I have the honor to furnish the following report for this brigade during the time it was under my command in the battle of the 17th instant:

While falling back to a third position (on the Sharpsburg turnpike), selected from making a stand with my regiment, I saw General Dana riding slowly to the rear ahead of me. An officer of his staff, I think, rode to me and said General Dana was wounded, and that he directed that I should take command of the brigade, as I understood. I afterward learned that the general said, "This wing of the brigade." At this time the Seventh Michigan was the only regiment in my sight. The Forty-second New York, after having made a quite successful attempt to rally a few rods in rear of its first position in line of battle, was broken completely, and its colors carried to the rear by Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford, commanding the regiment. I observed the most efficient and fearless service on the part of Major Mallon, Forty-second New York Volunteers, in keeping the men in ranks under fire, and in gallantly recovering the fallen color from the advancing enemy.

As I had received no orders whatever on the field, I determined to attempt to hold the woods, a quarter of a mile in rear of the position of the line of battle when the attack commenced. I caused Captain Hunt, Lieutenant-Colonel Baxter having been disabled by wounds, to establish the Seventh Michigan near the edge of the woods, and went farther to the rear myself, to find and bring up other regiments which I supposed were there, as I had seen them file off under the immediate command of Major-General Sumner. I found troops in line of battle about 150 yards in rear of the edge of the woods, under command of Brigadier-General Gibbon, and judging it improper to form a line that could cover but a small portion of General Gibbon's front in advance of his line, I commenced to move the Seventh Michigan in rear, when General Gibbonobjected, and I reformed in front and advanced to the edge of the woods. Here I received orders to file back upon the main portion of the division.

In a field behind the woods I found Colonel Lee with his regiment, Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers, in perfectly good order and with

21 R R-VOL XIX, PT I

