
very full ranks. I informed Colonel Lee that he was in command of the brigade, being my senior; but he positively declined to relieve me, and repeatedly desired me to give such orders as I saw fit, and be would obey them. I reported this immediately to General Howard, commanding the division, and he directed me to continue in command. At this point I found Captain Leach, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Hallowell, aide-de-camp to General Dana. Captain Leach pointed out the position of the Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, and went in search of the Forty-second and Fifty-ninth New York Volunteers. A portion of the former was on the road a considerable distance farther to the rear, where it had been ordered to stop fugitives from the battle. A portion of the latter, under Colonel Tidball, was found in the direction of the camp left by the brigade in the morning. They were both ordered to rejoin the brigade. The Twentieth Massachusetts, Colonel Lee, was sent to the front edge of the woods to support a battery which had been placed there. The Nineteenth Massachusetts, under Lieutenant-Colonel Devereux, Colonel Hinks having been seriously wounded,was brought up, and, shortly after, the brigade was ordered to support a line of batteries in the corn-field immediately in front of the woods, and I was directed to report to Major-General Smith, commanding division.

After being in position a few minutes, I received orders from General Smith to move to the left and support the batteries in the interval between the lines of the divisions of Generals Smith and Slocum. While passing to this last point I was joined by the One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania, Colonel Morehead. The Forty-second New York joined me some hours after. The Fifty-ninth New York was, I understood, sent to Colonel Lee on the right.

The Nineteenth Massachusetts, Seventh Michigan, One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania, and Forty-second New York were subjected to an annoying fire from the enemy's artillery for several hours during the afternoon of the 17th, during which time their conduct was unexceptionable. Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford, who had received much injury from a fall, I believe, was taken to hospital, and Lieutenant-Colonel Devereux, Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, had been struck on the left wrist by a bullet, inflicting a painful bruise. Colonel Lee assumed command on the 19th. The One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania was withdrawn to its own brigade on the 18th.

Without the services of Captain Leach, assistant adjutant-general, I do not know how it would have been possible for me to have brought together the regiments during the 17th, and I cannot speak too highly of his conduct during the action in endeavoring to cause the troops of the brigade to my left to stand fast, or recommend him too strongly for honorable mentation or increased responsibilities.

Lieutenant Milton, aide-de-camp, though suffering from a painful wound, remained upon the field; and Lieutenant Hallowell, aide-de-camp, continued for duty, although scarcely able to stand. Lieutenant Knaggs, adjutant Seventh Michigan, was of much assistance during the time I was in command.

Very respectfully,

N. J. HALL,

Colonel Seventh Michigan Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain E. WHITTLESEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

