
Numbers 69. Report of capt. H. G. O. Weymouth Nineteenth Massachusetts Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,Bolivar, Va., September 29, 1862.

COLONEL: At your request I forward to you the following report of the part taken by this regiment, in connection with the First Minnesota, during the engagement of Sedgwick's division on the 17th instant:

The Nineteenth Regiment was on the extreme right of the second line of battle, the Minnesota regiment being on the right of the first line, when the Minnesota was the last regiment in its line to leave the position, and was immediately followed by the Nineteenth. A stand was made by the latter regiment, at the command of Colonel Hinks, on a slight elevation, where it was directly joined by the former. Soon slight elevation, where it was directly joined by the former. Soon Colonel Hinks gave the order to fall back still farther, and immediately fell, severely wounded. The command then devolved upon Lieutenant-Colonel Devereux, who reported to Colonel Sully, as the superior officer then on the field, informing him of the wound of Colonel Hinks. Under command of Colonel Sully, both regiments were withdrawn to a close stone wall, where preparations were made to receive the enemy should he attempt an attack. Colonel Sully remained in command until the troops were withdrawn by command of General McClellan.

Believing the above statement to be correct, I remain, sir, respectfully, yours,

H. G. O. WEYMOUTH,

Captain, Commanding Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers.

Colonel ALFRED SULLY,

First Minnesota Volunteers.

Numbers 70. Report of Brigadier Gen William H. French, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. FRENCH'S DIVISION, SUMNER'S CORPS D'ARMEE,Camp near Sharpsburg, on the Battle-field, September 20, 1862.

COLONEL: My division, composed of Brigadier General Max Weber's and Kimball's brigades, and three regiments of new levies under the command of Colonel Dwight Morris (Fourteenth Connecticut), having been in readiness since daybreak on the 17th instant, was put in motion by orders of the general commanding the corps at about 7.30 o'clock a. m. The Antietam Creek was forded by the division, marching in three columns of brigades, Max Weber on the left, the new regiments in the center, and Kimball's brigade on the right. When my left flank had cleared the for a mile, the division faced to the left, forming three lines of battle adjacent to and contiguous with Sedgwick's, and immediately moved to the front.

The enemy, who was in position in advance, opened his batteries, under which fire my lines steadily moved until the first line, encountering the enemy's skirmishers, charged them briskly, and, entering a group of houses on Roulette's farm, drove back the force, which had taken a strong position for defense. Whilst Max Weber was clearing his front and driving before him the enemy's first line, a sudden and

