
Fourteenth Indiana and Eighth Ohio Volunteers, in the change of front which saved our right, excused it as veterans and as only brave men could. The battle was fought under your own eye, general, and I need not tell you how terrible was the conflict. The loss in my command is a lasting testimony of the sanguinary nature of the conflict. The loss in my command is a lasting testimony of the sanguinary nature of the conflict, and a glance at the position held by the rebels tells how terrible was the punishment inflicted on them. The corn-fields on the front are strewn with their dead and wounded, and in the ditch first occupied by them the bodies are so numerous that they seem to have fallen dead in line of battle, for there is a battalion of dead rebels. We maintained our ground and drove the enemy from his. After the firing had ceased on my front, the enemy seemed to have concentrated his force on the force of General Richardson's command. Colonel Brooke, commanding a brigade sent to me from assistance. You having previously ordered Colonel Morris, commanding Second Brigade, to take orders from me, I ordered him to Colonel Brooke's assistance.

The loss in my command is as follows: 121 killed, 510 wounded, 8 missing. This number embraces officers and men.

Lists from the several regiments, with name and rank, together with the reports of Colonels Harrow and Snider and Lieutenant-Colonels Sawyer and Wilcox, are forwarded here with. Among the killed and wounded are many brave and gallant officers.

Colonel R. A. Oakford, One hundred and thirty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, was killed while leading his regiment. He was a brave officer nd died like a hero. Captain Coons, acting lieutenant-colonel, and Captain Cavins, acting major, Fourteenth Indiana Volunteers, were wounded while gallantly leading their commands.

Where every officer and man behaved with such signal bravery and coolness, it would be invidious to make distinction by mentioning the names of a part only.

I cannot speak in too high praise of the officers of my staff, to whom I am indebted for valuable services rendered to me on the field. My adjutant-general, Captain E. D. Mason, behaved with great coolness, and received a very painful wound during the engagement. The conduct of Lieutenants Swigart, Marshall, and Burrell, though hour the entire fight, was highly commendable, and exhibited a high degree of gallantry, efficiency, and personal bravery. They were proved by a test such as it is seldom the lot even of veterans to encounter, and the result has been highly honorable to them. I recommend them to the consideration of the commanding general.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier-General FRENCH,

Commanding Division.

No. 74. Report of Colonel William Harrow, Fourteenth Indiana Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

BATTLE-FIELD, NEAR SHARPSBURG, MD.,

September 19, 1862,

SIR: I report as follows:

On the morning of the 17th instant, in obedience to your order, my regiment moved forward on the right of the brigade, advancing rapidly

