
Numbers 77. Report of Col Joseph Snider, Seventh West Virginia Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH VIRGINIA VOLUNTEERS,September 20, 1862.

SIR: I have, in obedience to your order, the honor of submitting the following report:

IN obedience to your order on the morning of the 17th instant, we took our position in line of battle on the extreme left of your brigade, and, in further obedience of your orders, moved forward at 8 o'clock, at which time we engaged the enemy, who were drawn up in large force. The fight was terrific during the whole engagement. The enemy endeavored to deceive us by hoisting a white flag, which for moment caused our men to cease firing, during which time the enemy was discovered to be moving in large force with the view of flanking our left, which caused us to change the position of our left wing, this being done as speedily as possible, when we succeeded in driving the enemy back with great slaughter beyond their original position, where we held them until our ammunition was exhausted, when we were relieved by the Irish Brigade, commanded by General Meagher. During the engagement our colors were shot down three times, but were promptly hoisted each time, and were brought off the field with the regiment.

JO. SNIDER,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Virginia.

Brigadier-General KIMBALL.

Numbers 78. Report of Colonel Dwight Morris, Fourteenth Connecticut Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FRENCH'S DIVISION,September 19, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to orders, my brigade left camp at Keedysville on the morning of the 17th. After fording the Antietam, marching about 2 miles by the flank, we formed line of battle, the Fourteenth Connecticut on the right, the One hundred and thirtieth Pennsylvania center, and the One hundred and eighth New York on the extreme left. We marched forward, forming in front of William Roulette's house and farm, which was occupied by the enemy, and having driven them from that position, the right rested in a corn-field and the center occupied a space in front of an orchard. We were here exposed to a galling cross-fire for three hours, but maintained the position. The Fifth Maryland Regiment fell back early in the action, passing through the right wing of the Fourteenth Connecticut. The right was immediately formed by Lieutenant Colonel S. H. Perkins, and the regiment three times formed under a severe cross-fire. Major C. C. Clark also rendered great assistance in forming the line. Adjt. T. G. Ellis, who acted as my aide, constantly communicated with General French, and in so doing was greatly exposed in consequence of the position taken by the general amid a very hot fire.

Having received orders to support General Kimball, who was obtaining ammunition, I reported to him, and was ordered to take a position

