
near a stone wall and to hold is. This I did with the Fourteenth Connecticut alone until ordered to advance the Fourteenth to support Colonel Brooke, commanding First Brigade, Richardson's division. I took the position assigned and was ordered by General Caldwell, temporarily in command of Richardson's division, to remain until further orders. The Fourteenth was here shelled by the enemy, until ordered by General Hancock, who relieved General Caldwell from the command, to the front, which position the Fourteenth held for thirty-six hours, constantly harassed by the enemy. From the time I was ordered to support General Kimball, I remained with the Fourteenth and the One hundred and thirtieth Pennsylvania, now joined to the First Brigade, and the One hundred and eight New York. For details I refer you to the reports of the colonels of regiments.

My brigade captured 2 stand of colors, 2 captains, 7 lieutenants, and about 400 privates, who were turned over to the provost-marshal at Boonsborough, besides wounding many field officers of the enemy. We also took over 400 stand of arms, which were turned over to the ordnance officer. I attribute our success in a great measure to the constant communication with the commanding general through the day, as well as to the unsurpassed bravery of our men. The men in my brigade were all new troops, hastily raised, and without drill or experience, and, although under fire for the first time, behaved with great gallantry. In front of the last position held by the Fourteenth Connecticut more than 1,000 of the enemy lie slain.

My loss in killed, wounded, and missing is 529.

Very respectfully, yours,

DWIGHT MORRIS,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, French's Division.

Lieutenant J. W. PLUME,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 79. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Sanford H. Perkins, Fourteenth Connecticut Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH REGIMENT CONN. VOLS.,Sharpsburg, Md., September 19, 1862.

We broke bivouac at camp near Keedysville, Md., on the morning of the 17th of September, taking position on the right of your command according to order, and marched about two hours by flank, when we formed line of battle and moved forward a distance of about one-half mile, where we became engaged, our position being in a corn-field west of William Roulette's farm-house, the enemy occupying a position on the summit of a hill to our front. The Fifth Maryland Regiment being slightly in our advance, I reserved my fire until they broke, which threw three companies of my right wing into confusion, when we opened fire from the left and immediately proceeded to rally the right, which having been effected, we held our position under a severe cross-fire for nearly three hours, during which time, my horse being disabled, I was obliged to continue with my command on foot.

I cannot omit saying that during the time above mentioned my right and center were broken twice, but rallied on the colors and formed in good order, and when ordered to retire, moved from the field with precision, after which we accompanied you to support General Kimball,

