
who was retiring for ammunition, and took position near a stone wall east of the farm-house, holding the same until ordered to support Colonel Brooke.

During this movement, while marching by flank, a shell was thrown into our ranks, killing several of our men. The ranks were at once closed, the regiment moving forward at quick time and in food order. At this time and during the remaining thirty-six hours, being under your immediate command, requires no further detail.

Where all behaved so well it may seem invidious to particularize, but I feel bound to mention Captain Blinn, of Company F, and Captain Willard, of Company G, who fell at their posts gallantly cheering their commands. Also First Lieutenant Coit, commanding Company K, and Lieutenant Crosby, of the same company, were dangerously wounded, leaving that company without a commissioned officer. Acting Adjutant Lucas, Assistant Adjutant-General Ellis was disabled. Sergeant Mills, color-bearer, was severely, if not mortally, wounded while bearing and waving aloft our standard, and his place was filled by Lieutenant Comstock, Company H, who with Sergeant Foote, of Company I, retained them until the close of the action. Our colors are riddled with shot and shell, and the staff broken. Captain Gibbons, of Company B, deserves notice, who, finding the farmhouse occupied by a large force of the enemy, ordered his company to advance and fire, scattering them and driving a portion of them into the cellar, where, by closing the door, a large number of them were captured.

As you are aware, our men, hastily raised and without drill, behaved like veterans, and fully maintained the honor of the Union and our native State.

Total killed, wounded, and missing, 156.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

SANFORD H. PERKINS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth Regiment Conn. Vols.

Colonel DWIGHT MORRIS,

Commanding Second Brigade, General French's Division.

Numbers 80. Report of Colonel Oliver H. Palmer, One hundred and eighth New York Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS 108TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near sharpsburg, September 19, 1862.

I have the honor to report that on the 17th instant my command left camp near Keedysville about 6 o'clock in the morning, and, after marching about 2 miles, having formed into line of battle, entered into action on the crest of the hill on the left of the brigade in the front line of battle, and in front of the corn-field and rifle-pits occupied by the rebels. The action commenced about 7.30 o'clock in the morning. My command remained in line, and continued in position, firing with great rapidity and energy, in the face of a deadly fire of the enemy, who were stationed in the corn-field and rifle-pits, not more than 20 or 30 rods distant, until about 12.30 o'clock in the afternoon.

During the action a charge was made upon the rifle-pits, and we took

