
ment to a point about 1 1/2 miles north, where a line of battle was formed. We then moved forward a little west of south about half a mile to a farm-house, in and about which a small force of the enemy was posted, whose fire we received, wounding several men. After the enemy was driven from his position at the house, we advanced through a small orchard and plowed field to the crest of a hill, where the fight became general. The enemy had taken position with his first line in a ravine in front of and about 75 yards distant from our position, having two other lines in a corn-field in rear of his first. We received the fire of the enemy's first line and of the force on the right, together with that of a battery posted in the corner of the field on the enemy's right, and distant 200 yards. The firing on both sides continued for more than two hours, when the enemy was driven from his position by a force on our left.

About this time a force of the enemy advanced on a battery posted on our right, which was withdrawn. The enemy then changed front, and advanced on our right to the fence bounding the field in which we were posted. Changing our front to meet his advancing lines, we held him in check until a charge was made by a brigade on our right, which drove the enemy back in great disorder. By this time our ammunition was expended, when we withdrew and reformed our line at the farmhouse first spoken of. Having become separated from our brigade, we were ordered by General Kimball to fall in with the brigade under his command, where we remained until this morning. Owing to the circumstances in which we are placed at present, I am unable to give a more detailed account of all that occurred.

Our loss is 32 killed, 146 wounded.

I have the honor to remain, your very obedient servant,

H. I. ZINN,

Colonel, Commanding One hundred and thirtieth Pa. Vols.

Colonel MORRIS,

Commanding Second Brigade, French's Division.

Numbers 82. Report of Colonel John W. Andrews, First Delaware Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

BATTLE-FIELD OF THE 17TH INSTANT,

Near Sharspsburg, September 20, 1862.

GENERAL: The Third Brigade met the enemy in a strong position, under cover of natural and artificial defenses. The command continued fighting until their ammunition was expended. They were exposed to a heavy fire and suffered severely. The survivors joined the second and third lines. We captured about 300 prisoners and sent them to the rear. Brigadier General Max Weber and Captain Burleigh, his assistant adjutant-general, were wounded while attempting to bring on the Fifth Maryland Regiment. I have no idea of the time Further than the above; was myself employed in ordering men to join the second line and preventing too many from taken the wounded away.

The first Delaware Regiment lost in killed and wounded, out of 708, 264.* Lieutenant-Colonel Hopkinson wounded, 3 captains killed and 4 wounded, 4 lieutenants wounded. All the field officers' horses killed.

The Fourth New York lost 182* men out of 540; 2 officers killed and

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 193.

---------------

