
major-general commanding and to the Government the recommendations for promotion well earned by each on these as well here as on other fields of battle.

I desire to express my thanks to Brigadier-General Hunt, chief of artillery, for services rendered voluntarily, and to Captain Ingraham, Fourteenth Infantry, on provost duty at headquarters Army of the Potomac, who volunteered and accompanied the storming party on the 19th ultimo.

As soon as the reports of other commanders are received I shall take pleasure in bringing to notice the names of many other officers of my own command conspicuous for their gallant services.

I desire to call attention to the generous and brave conduct of a citizen, reported by Captain Graham, who took from under the fire of the enemy's artillery the wounded of Captain Graham's battery.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac.

[Addenda.]

Itinerary of the Fifth Army Corps, from September 1 to November 21, 1862.*

September 1, the corps marched to Fairfax Court-House and Flint Hill, at which latter place it arrived at 10 a. m., September 2, and left at 3 p. m. for Chain Bridge.

September 3, arrived and encamped at Minor's and Hall's Hills, by order of General McClellan, till September 6, on which evening Sykes' division marched to Rockville, and Morell's to Upton's Hill and the Seminary. The latter marched to Arlington on the 9th, and on the 12th to Leesborough, en route to the Army of the Potomac, near Frederick.

September 16, joined the main army. Sykes' division, Reserve Artillery, and Morell's division were again united, and were engaged in the battle of Antietam. Humphreys' division joined on the 18th, and on the 19th the corps was engaged with the enemy near Shepherdstown, and captured six guns and much ordnance material.

October 16 and 17, 6,000 men, under command of General Humphreys, made a reconnaissance from the vicinity of Shepherdstown, Va., to near Leetown, Va. The command returned on the 17th.

On October 30, left Sharpsburg, Md., at 7 p. m., and encamped near Hillsborough, Va., about 6 p. m. on the 31st.

november 2, left camp near Harper's Ferry and marched to Snickersville.

November 5, left Snickersville and marched to Middleburg.

November 6, encamped near White Plains.

November 8, left White Plains and encamped near New Baltimore.

November 9, marched to camp near Warrenton, Va.

November 17, from camp near Warrenton to Warrenton Junction.

November 18, from Warrenton Junction to Spotted farm.

November 19, from camp near Spotted Farm to camp near Hartwood Court-House, Va.

November 21, marched from camp near Hartwood to camp near Potomac Creek, va.

---------------

* From returns for September, October, and November

---------------

