
Battery G, Fourth Artillery, lieut. M. P. Miller, commanding battery; Lieutenant G. Dickenson.

Fifth New York Battery, Captain E. D. Taft, commanding battery; First Lieutenant T. Henderson, Second Lieutenant J. P. Denike.

Battery A, First New York Artillery, First Lieutenant Bernhard Wever, commanding battery; Second Lieutenant Bernhard Kohans.

Battery B, First New York Artillery, First Lieutenant Von Kleiser, commanding battery; Second Lieutenant Charles Hausmann.

Battery C, First New York Artillery, Captain R. Langner, commanding battery; Second Lieutenant [Michael] Lang.

Battery D, First New York Artillery, Captain Charles Kusserow, commanding battery; Second Lieutenant Gustave C. Blitsher, Second Lieutenant George Gaston, Second Lieutenant Adolph Reikert, First New York Artillery; Second Lieutenant [F. G.] Moller, acting adjutant.

I respectfully recommend Captain Graham and First Lieutenant Elder for promotion by brevet for their conduct in the battle of the 17th instant.

WILLIAM HAYS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Artillery Reserve.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 86. Report of Captain William M. Graham, Battery K, First U. S. Artillery, of the battle of Antietam.

CAMP NEAR SHARPSBURG, MD., October 4, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the participation of Light Battery K, First Artillery, under my command, in the action of the 17th September at the Antietam:

In obedience to your orders, I reported to Brigadier-General Richardson, commanding a division in Major-General Sumner's army corps, about noon. I was informed by General Richardson that his division was heavily pressed by large force of the enemy's infantry and one battery, and by his direction came into position on the plowed ground occupied by General Meagher's brigade in the morning. Here I engaged one of the enemy's brass batteries at 700 yards, silenced, and drove him away in about ten minutes. At this time two heavy columns of the enemy's infantry moved upon the battery, getting within a few hundred yards of my guns before being discovered, by approaching through a heavy corn-field. A heavy fire of spherical case and shell was opened upon these troops immediately, which in a short time drive them from the field, with great slaughter, to the woods in their rear.

A very sharp fire of shot, spherical case, and shell was now opened upon my battery by two of the enemy's batteries of rifled guns, one of which enfiladed me. I returned this fire as rapidly as possible, but after firing some twenty minutes found that they were beyond my range, my solid shot falling short several hundred yards, and having called General Richardson's attention to this fact, was told by him that he wished me to save the battery as much as possible, in order that it might advance with his division at signal then expected from Major-General Sumner. While communicating this to me, General Richard-

