
son was mortally wounded by a ball of a spherical case from the battery enfilading mine. After this I continued my fire some five minutes, and then retired over the crest of the hill to a point 200 yards in rear of my first position. I then returned and brought off two of my caissons, which were necessarily left at first, the horses being all killed, and having brought all the wounded off, I replaced the limbers of the pieces and sent two caissons to the ammunition supply-train, to be refilled.

My loss in this engagement was 4 men killed, 5 severely wounded 17 horses killed, and 6 horses wounded severely, some of which will probably die of the effects of their wounds. The officers and men behaved, without and exception, with perfect coolness; and I beg leave to mention particularly Lieutenants Elder, Maynadier, michalowski, First Sergeant Cooney, Sergeants Regan and Boyd, and Corporal Walsh. Lieutenant Elder served his section with remarkable effect, and was principally instrumental in silencing the battery first engaged. His conduct, under an extraordinarily heavy fire, was cool and gallant in the extreme. Lieutenant Maynadier returned with First Sergeant Cooney and brought off the two caissons, under a heavy artillery fire. Lieutenant Michalowski for a long time served one of his pieces with but one cannoneer, alternating with this man in loading and firing. Some of my fuses, cut for 5 seconds, burst at the muzzle of the guns.

In closing this report I feel called upon to mention the conduct of a citizen, a Mr.

-----

, who resides near the battle-field. This gentleman drove his carriage to my battery while under a severe artillery fire, and carried off my wounded, who were suffering very much for the want of proper surgical attendance, and distributed ham and biscuit among the men of the battery. He also returned a second time to the battery. One of his horses was wounded while performing this service.

On the 18th the battery was nor engaged. Brigadier-General Hancock, who relieved brigadier-General Richardson, directed me to procure forage for my horses and have them cared for. On the morning of the 19th General Hancock relieved me from duty with his command, and ordered me to report to Colonel Hays, commanding Artillery Reserve. By Colonel Hays' order I proceeded to the camp, immediately in the vicinity of Sharpsburg.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. GRAHAM.

Captain First Artillery, Commanding Battery K.

Colonel Fred. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 87. Report of Captain John B. Isler, First U. S. Sharpshooters, of skirmish at Blackford's or boteler's Ford.

CAMP NEAR SHARPSBURG, MD., October 14, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report concerning the part taken by the regiment under my command in the skirmish of the 19th September:

At about 2 p. m. of the 19th September we were ordered to the front of our division, then marching through Sharpsburg, when I received verbal instructions from General Morell to form a line of skirmishers

