
In the mean time Colonel Warren crossed his brigade, took post on the left of Major Lovell, and covered his front with light troops. Weed, Randol, and Van Reed, commanding batteries of my division, got in fire on the enemy, which impeded the advance of his masses and turned his skirmishers above the ford in the direction of Shepherdstown.

Knowing that the Virginia side of the river was no place for troops until a proper reconnaissance had been made, and several reports from citizens inducing the belief that a large force of the enemy was moving upon, us I expressed my opinion to General Porter, who, agreeing with me, directed the immediate recrossing of the troops. Lovell and Warren effected the movement in excellent order and without loss. Colonel Warren, on regaining the Maryland side, threw his brigade behind the embankment of the canal, and occupied it until relieved the following day.

In all these operations my batteries under Weed, Randol, and Van Reed did most excellent service. Captain Weed was especially active and distinguished as usual. My acting brigadiers, Colonels Buchanan and Warren and Major Lovell, were ever zealous and vigilant. The two later in a very delicate position on the 20th handled their troops with great skill and success.

I desire to call the attention of the major-general to the services

of Captains Dryer, Fourth Infantry, Poland, Second Infantry, and Carlton, Fourth Infantry, who were in command of the advance troops on the 17th and 19th September. The two former were under a very severe fire, and with extended lines of skirmishers protected our artillery, gained ground upon the enemy, and held it until ordered to withdraw.

My personal staff, Lieutenant H. Cutting, Tenth Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-General; Lieutenant James A. Snyder, Third Infantry, and George T. Ingham, Eleventh Infantry, aides-de-camp, gave me every assistance possible, and were active and zealous.

Several cases of particular merit among non-commissioned officers being mentioned by battalion commanders, I trust their claims to promotion may be regarded. This is not the first or second occasion in which they have been noticed.

I inclose the reports of brigade, regimental, and battery commanders, and unite in the recommendations therein offered.

A list of casualties accompanies this report.*

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.

No. 92. Report of Lieutenant Alanson M. Randol, Battery E, First U. S. Artillery, of the battle of Antietam, and skirmish at Shepherdstown Ford (Blackford's or Boteler's Ford).

ARTILLERY CAMP, SYKES' DIVISION, Near Sharpsburg, Md.,

September-, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 16th instant I was ordered by General Sykes to reports to Colonel Warren, commanding Third

---------------

*Embodied in revised statements, pp.194,204.

---------------

