
perhaps, that they are claimed by others, but no battery fought them except my own.

On the 20th my guns commanded the opposite approaches to the ford, and assisted to check the enemy in his attack upon our troops who had crossed. I had a considerable body of his infantry under my fire for several minutes at a distance of not more than 1,000 yards. The fire was effective. Since the morning of the 20th I have

held the same position, but have had no occasion to fire a shot.

On the 19th I remounted a 10-pounder Parrott gun which had been abandoned, and have since sent it to the general commanding the corps.

Since the 15th instant my battery had fired about 1,000 rounds, but it is believed it has not wasted ammunition. My officers and men have behaved as usual - well.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN H. WEDD,

Captain Fifth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery I.

Lieutenant HEYWARD CUTTING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sykes' Division.

No. 94. Report of Lieutenant William E. Van Reed, Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery, of operations September 11-22, including the battle of Antietam, skirmish at Blackford's or Boteler's Ford, and action near Shepherdstown.

CAMP NEAR SHARPSBURG, MD., September 24, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my battery (K, Fifth Artillery) since leaving Rockville, Md.:

On the 11th of September the battery marched from Rockville and proceeded about 7 miles on the Frederick road.

12th. Passed through Clarksburg about 11 a.m.: arrived at Hyattsville about 2 p.m.

13th. Marched from Hyattsville about 6 a.m.; passed through Urbana at 9; arrived at Frederick at 4 p.m.

14th. Marched to Middletown.

15th. Marched about 6 miles; passed a number of the enemy's dead on the mountain.

16th. In camp near the Antietam Creek. One spoke of the wheel of the battery wagon was broken by a short from the enemy.

17th. Went into position across the creek about 2 p.m.; fired about 400 rounds at the enemy, and withdrew at dusk.

18th. Remained in camp.

19th. Marched at 10 a.m.; passed through Sharpsburg about 12 m. One man was wounded (afterward died), and 2 horses had their legs broken by a shot from the enemy.

20th. Went into position near the Potomac, and fired about 50 rounds at the enemy.

21st. Remained in position.

22d. Remained in position.

I have the honor to remain, sir, yours, &amp;c.,

WM. E. VAN REED,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery K, Fifth Artillery.

First Lieutenant HEYWARD CUTTING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, General Sykes' Division.

