
No. 96. Report of Captain John D. Wilkins, Third U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD U. S. INFANTRY, Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., September 26, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to your instructions, I have the honor to report that on our arrival at the Antietam River the Third Regiment of Infantry was ordered forward as skirmishers, and deployed on the right and left of the bridge crossing the same. We remained in that position all night and until relieved, about 10 a.m. on the 16th. The remainder of that day and the 17th we remained in position, as also on the 18th. On the 19th moved forward with the brigade and passed through Sharpsburg, and on the 20th reached the Potomac at our present encampment.

During the morning of the 16th the regiment was under a severe fire from the enemy's artillery, but I am happy to report no casualties. I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN D. WILKINS,

Captain Third Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant WILLIAM H. POWELL,

Acting Asst. Adjt. General, First Regular Brigade.

No. 97. Report of Captain Hiram Dryer, Fourth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

CAMP NEAR SHARPSBURG, MD., September 25, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part that the Fourth Regiment of Regular Infantry took in the battle of Antietam, on Tuesday and Wednesday, the 16th and 17th instant:

At about 7 o'clock a.m. of the 16th, I received an order from Colonel Buchanan to march the regiment down to take possession of and hold the bridge on the turnpike over the Antietam, distant from where we had bivouacked for the night about 600 yards. On arriving within 200 yards of the bridge, we passed the last of the pickets belonging to the Third Infantry, which were posted behind a stone wall in an orchard to the left of the pike.

I here detached Lieutenant Buell, temporarily commanding Company G, with his company, with orders to advance rapidly on the bridge, which was done without opposition. I marched the remainder of the regiment down, and made the following disposition of them: Companies B, G, K, and I were thrown across the brigade, and posted under cover of a large barn on the left of the pike and under the bank on the right, where we remained quiet for two or three hours, when it was discovered that the enemy was advancing on our position with his pickets on both sides of the turnpike. Companies G and K were thrown out as skirmishers, one to the right and the other to the left of the pike, with orders to hold the enemy's pickets in check, if possible.

