
No. 98. Report of Captain Matthew M. Blunt, Twelfth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

CAMP NEAR SHARPSBURG, September 25, 1862.

SIR: Having been ordered to report on the operations of the First Battalion Twelfth U. S. Infantry, since leaving Middletown on the 15th, I have the honor to state that we continued our march, crossing the range of mountains (Blue Ridge) by South Mountain Pass over the battle-field of the previous day. After going through the pass, General Sykes' division took up the advance, Colonel Buchanan's brigade leading. We followed the enemy, and came up which a short time before sunset, our batteries exchanging shots with theirs, and their rear-guard (infantry) showing itself, to dissolve as we advanced. This was kept up until dark, when the enemy had crossed the bridge over Antietam Creek, on the Baltimore turnpike. On the following day (16th) our artillery engaged that of the enemy, who shelled our brigade considerably.

At 5 p.m. on the 16th the battalion was ordered to relieve the Fourth Infantry in guarding the bridge over Antietam Creek, which it did until about 12 m. on the following day (17th), when the tide of battle uncovering the country on the other side of the bridge, our horse artillery and cavalry crossed the bridge at a gallop. The enemy opened a very heavy fire of artillery on the artillery and cavalry crossing the bridge, from which we lost 1 wounded (enlisted man). The sharpshooters of the enemy annoying Captain Tidball's battery. General Pleasonton asked me to advance a line of skirmishers to drive them back, which was immediately done under commanded of Captain Wintrop. Shortly after, General Sykes ordered the battalion to advance as a support to Tidball's battery. This was done, skirmishers being thrown out to the left of the battery.

The regular infantry on the field was at this time under the command of Captain Dryer, Fourth Infantry.

The regular infantry on the field was at this time under the command of Captain Dryer, Fourth Infantry.

I received no further orders during the rest of the afternoon, and remained in the position assigned me until ordered to join the brigade at about 7 p.m. Our loss was 1 killed and 3 wounded.

The following officers were present guarding the bridge, and afternoon on skirmish duty or supporting Tidball's battery: Captain M. M. Blunt, commanding battalion; Captain H. R. Rathbone, acting field officer, commanding Company C; Captain William Sergeant, commanding Company F; Captain Francis Wister, commanding Company G; Captain F. Winthrop, commanding Company B; First Lieutenant M. H. Stacey, battalion adjutant; Second Lieutenant J. A. Duvillard, commanding Company H; Second Lieutenant T. H. Evans, commanding Company D; Second Lieutenant E. C. Allen, commanding Company A; Second Lieutenant T. D. Urmston; Second Lieutenant R. H. Pond, commanding Company E. Acting Assistant Surgeon Grant attended the battalion.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. BLUNT,

Captain Twelfth Infantry, Commanding First Battalion.

Lieutenant WILLIAM H. POWELL,

Acting Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Regular Infantry.

