
No. 99. Report of Colonel Thomas M. Anderson, Twelfth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

CAMP, SYKES' DIVISION, Near Sharpsburg, Md., September 26, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the battalion of the Eighth and Twelfth Infantry marched from Middletown, Md., on the 16th of this month, with your brigade, to Antietam Creek, near Sharpsburg. During the battle of Antietam we were held in reserve, and took no part in the engagement or in the operations which immediately preceded or followed it. We therefore suffered no loss of officers or men.

The officers serving with the battalion at the time were Captains Dallas and Dunn, of the Twelfth; Lieuts. J. N. Andrews, of the Eighth; Newbury, Perkins, Wells, Bootes, and Vanvalzah.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. M. ANDERSON,

Captain, Commanding Second Battalion Twelfth U. S. Infantry.

Lieutenant WILLIAM H. POWELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Sykes' Div., Army of the Potomac.

No. 100. Report of Captain W. Harvey Brown, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION FOURTEENTH INFANTRY, Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., September 24, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with instructions this day received, I have the honor to report the part taken by the First Battalion, Fourteenth Infantry, in the recent battle:

The battalion was first posted in line of battle at 6 p.m. on the 15th, on the left of the Second Battalion, Fourteenth Infantry, and in rear of the Second Battalion of the Twelfth Infantry. In this position I bivouacked.

September 16, occupied the same ground under heavy artillery fire for several hours, and remained in this position all day.

September 17, occupied the same ground under very heavy artillery fire until 3 p.m., at which time I received orders to cross the Antietam Creek in company with the Fourth Infantry, Captain Dryer, Fourth Infantry, in command.

I then continued up the road nearly 1 mile toward Sharpsburg, under heavy artillery fire and musketry firing from the enemy's sharpshooters. At this place the Fourth Infantry were deployed as skirmishers, and I received orders to hold the battalion in reserve near a wagon road which crossed said pike about 1 mile from the position I had occupied during the early part of the day. The battalion remained here about three hours, 2 men being wounded by scattering shots from the enemy's skirmishers. At dark two companies (F and G) were thrown forward as skirmishers about 100 yards to the edge of a cornfield occupied by the enemy's sharpshooters. In a short time thereafter I received orders to withdraw my command, and in company with

