
the Fourth Infantry returned to camp, where I remained until the morning of the 19th, when I received orders to march in the direction of the Potomac, and bivouacked 1 mile from Sharpsburg. On the morning of the 20th marched about three-fourths of a mile nearer the river, for the purpose of supporting some batteries. On the evening of the 21st the battalion was on picket along the Potomac River; returned on the 22d.

The following commissioned officers were present with the battalion, viz: Captain W. Harvey Brown, acting field officer, commanding battalion; Asst. Surg. W. H. Forwood, U. S. Army, attending battalion; First Lieutenant Daniel Loosley, adjutant; Captain H. W. Keyes, acting field officer; Captain Guido Ilges, commanding Company E; Captain W. R. Smedberg, commanding Company F; Captain C. B. Watson, commanding Company H; Captain S. W. Burbank, commanding Company A; First Lieutenant D. M. Brodhead, commanding Company G; First Lieutenant J. H. Walker, commanding Company B; First Lieutenant Pat. Collins, commanding Company C; First Lieutenant J. Henton, on duty with Company A; Second Lieutenant A. J. Bellows, commanding Company D; Second Lieutenant T. S. Doebler, on duty with Company C; Second Lieutenant P. H. Moroeny, on duty with Company F.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HARVEY BROWN,

Captain Fourteenth Infantry, Commanding First Battalion.

Lieutenant WILLIAM H. POWELL,

Acting Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Sykes' Division.

No. 101. Report of Captain David B. McKibbin, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

CAMP NEAR SHARPSBURG, MD., September 25, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding, the operation of the Second Battalion, Fourteenth Infantry, since September 16, on which day we left Middletown, Md. During the march to the next camp nothing of importance occurred save a few shells passing over the battalion. Bivouacked on bluff near Antietam Creek.

September 17, at 1 o'clock, ordered over Antietam Creek, to support several batteries of artillery. Sen one company of the front as skirmishers under Captain Thatcher, Fourteenth Infantry, who were actively engaged during part of the afternoon. We were under a heavy fire of shell and shot for two hours. But 1 man was wounded (in the arm by piece of shell),as the men were placed under the crest of a small knoll.

At 8 in the evening we returned to our bivouac.

September 18, remained in camp.

September 19, moved to the front and camped on bluffs above the Potomac River.

The officers of my battalion acted with the utmost coolness.

D. B. McKIBBIN,

Captain Fourteenth Infantry, Commanding Second Battalion.

WILLIAM H. POWELL,

Second Lieutenant and Adjt. Fourth Inf., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

