
moved to the fence. The right advanced beyond, however, before I could convey the order to them to halt at the fence, and by a

well-directed fire compelled the enemy's cannoneers to leave their guns. At this juncture the fire from our own batteries compelled them to fall back to the fence, as their shells fell short. Lieutenant McLoughlin and Sergeant Lacey commanded the companies on the right. Sergeant Lacey was soon after wounded, and unwillingly compelled to leave the field. Our position was held until all the ammunition had been expended on the left and nearly all on the right. I reported our wants to Captain Dryer, and after the Seventeenth Michigan Regiment Volunteers arrived on our line, by his direction I assembled the battalion on the center files. The Fourteenth Infantry, First Battalion, came up on the right. I next quietly withdrew a short distance, halted the battalion under shelter to await a supply of ammunition. Before assembling the command, the enemy advanced a regiment to protect the withdrawal of their guns from the hill directly in front of our left. This regiment was driven back,but their object had been effected. About dusk I received an order to fall back to the bridge. On the way received another order to return to camp, which I did.

I must express my indebtedness to First Lieuts. J. W. Gray, Eleventh Infantry; A. W. Kroutinger, adjutant, Second Infantry; George S. Lauman, Tenth Infantry; Williams F. Drum and George H. McLoughlin, Second Infantry, for important assistance in handling successfully a very extended line of skirmishers. I would again bring to your notice First Sergt. F. E. Lacey as worthy a recommendation for a commission; also Sergt. Major William Fouck, Second Infantry. Those who most distinguished themselves for excellent behavior are First Sergt. Francis E. Lacey, Company I; First Sergt. Thomas Byrne, Company A; First Sergt. James Butler, Company C; Sergt. William Mitchell, Company D; First Sergt. Daniel W. Burke, Company B; First Sergt. Michael Dolan, Company E; First Sergt. John Trueman, Company F; Sergts. Martin Walsh and Timothy Hays, Company A. Private De Witt C. Bruke, Company C, was crippled slightly by a wound in the foot, but remained with the regiment until the close of the action. He is a brave soldier. Musician George Miller, Company G, seized a musket on the field and used it with good effect during the hottest part of the engagement.

Respectfully submitted.

J. S. POLAND,

First Lieutenant 2nd Infantry, Commanding Batt.2nd and 10th Infantry.

Second Lieutenant E. E. SELLERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade Regulars.

HDQRS. BATTALION SECOND AND TENTH INFANTRY, Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., September 24, 1862.

SIR: As directed, I reported that I marched my regiment with the Second Brigade Regulars, Major C. S. Lovell commanding, across the Potomac river at the ford below Shepherdstown, W. Va., and about a mile beyond the river, when the enemy was discovered in force. A halt was ordered. The enemy advanced upon us. Our brigade retired in good order to an open space bordering the river, then halted. The enemy's skirmishers continued to advance. The Sixth and Second Regiments U. S. Infantry were formed on the left of our position, the Second occupying the extreme left and the edge of a heavy wood, with

