
ordered to hold the position at all hazards. The strength of the enemy forbade our remaining in this position. Timely orders from Major Lovell were received to fall back near the river and take position as well as I could under cover of the hill, which I obeyed promptly and in good order. I then threw out skirmishers on the flanks to keep the enemy's skirmishers at bay. This position was held but a short time, when we were ordered to recross the river. This was accomplished in admirable order.

I append a list of casualties; also certificate of First Lieutenant Wm. F. Drum, Second Infantry, of the gallant conduct of First Sergt. D. W. Burke, Company B, Second Infantry. I would call the attention of the brigade commander to this paper particularly.

Respectfully submitted.

J. S. POLAND,

Captain Second Infantry, Commanding Second and Tenth Infantry.

Lieutenant E. E. SELLERS,

Acting Asst. Adjutant-General, Second Brigade, Sykes' Division.

CAMP NEAR SHARPSBURG, MD., September 25, 1862.

SIR: I respectfully call to the notice of the officer commanding the gallant conduct of First Sergt. Daniel W. Burke, Company B, Second Infantry, on the 20th instant. When our troops were falling back across the Potomac, on hearing that a piece of artillery had been left unspiked, he volunteered to go back and do it, and, on getting permission, did go back and assist in spiking said gun in the face of the enemy's sharpshooters.

Hoping that the case will be noticed as it deserves, I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. DRUM,

First Lieutenant Second Infantry, Commanding Company B.

Captain J. S. POLAND,

Second Infantry, Commanding Battalion.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded. This non-commissioned officer has been mentioned before for good conduct in face of the enemy.

GEO. SYKES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

No. 104. Report of Captain Levi C. Bootes, Sixth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Antietam and action near Shepherdstown.

HEADQUARTERS SIXTH U. S. INFANTRY, Camp at crossing near Sharpsburg, Md., September 25, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in obedience to instructions received, the part taken from the 16th to the 20th instant by the Sixth Regiment of Infantry and Company G, First Infantry, attached to the regiment, and forming a part of the Second Brigade of General Sykes' division.

