
also that the campaign was to be immediately continued, and that there was no time then for such investigation.

The reason for making at the present time, a request for an investigation is given in the letter transmitting this statement.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS, April 3, 1863.

Mr. SECRETARY: I have read, with great surprise, in the Daily Morning Chronicle of this day's date, that portion of the report of Major-General McClellan upon the battle of Antietam, in which, when giving his reasons for not renewing the battle on the morning of the 18th, he refers to the time of arrival of re-enforcements, and states:

And Humphreys' division of new troops, fatigued with forced marches, were arriving throughout the day, and were not available until near its close.

This statement of General McClellan is irreconcilable with the facts, and I am at a loss to understand how such a misapprehension on his part could have occurred.

I have stated in a recent communication to the War Department that the evening (Tuesday) of my arrival at Monocacy Station (3 miles from Frederick) I received orders from General Porter to take a position in front of that town, to cover it, and to watch my left; that the next day, after carefully examining the approaches to the town, I had selected a position, arranged with the military governor of Frederick to post vedettes at certain points in advance, and arranged at the telegraph office to receive the earliest intelligence from the vicinity of Harper's Ferry, and was returning to camp to move my division, when, at half past 3 o'clock in the afternoon, I received orders from General McClellan to join the army; that, after having marched about 5 miles, I received, at sunset, information of the battle, and instructions to march all night, and be up with the army by daylight, if possible; that I did so, and was up with the army at an early hour the next morning.

I now beg leave to state further, that I arrived at General McClellan's headquarters not later than 7 o'clock on the morning of Thursday, the 18th, and halted my division at a suitable place near by, where those who had been unable to keep up could rejoin the command, while I reported my arrival, received instructions, ascertained what ground I should occupy, &amp;c.

I reported to the adjutant-general (General Williams) immediately, but about fifteen minutes elapsed before I could see General McClellan. In the interview with him I stated where I had halted my division; its condition; the number of my infantry and artillery; the state of the ammunition, &c.; was informed that the question of attack that day was not yet decided upon; and was directed to move my command to the ground occupied by General Porter as soon as I could. I had been in constant communication with General McClellan during the night and early morning, and he knew within an hour the time when I would be up. During the rest of an hour an hour and a half that I gave the division before moving it again, a large part of those who had fallen out came up, making the division not less than 6,000 strong. All my artillery, eight pieces, as of course present. It is well known that

