
even with old troops, on such a march as my new troops had just made, large numbers would be unable to keep up. It must have been anticipated, then, when the order was sent to me to be up at daylight, if possible, that I would arrive with my division of nearly 7,000 men reduced considerably in numbers; yet, when we moved to the expected field of battle, there were at least 6,000 present. Upon recurring to my morning report of the 20th September, I find that upward of 500 men, sick and others, had been left at the old camps of the regiments on the south side of the Potomac, near Washington, before the brigades reported to me; and of the 500 who were not up the morning of the 18th, 240 were sick, and were so reported on the morning of the 20th.

To resume. During this halt I remained at headquarters to receive the earliest intelligence of the decision whether the battle would be resumed. I then moved my command (delayed some thirty minutes in Keedysville by other troops), and about half past 9, or at least 10 o'clock, placed it in position, by General Porter's orders, about 400 yards in rear of Morell's division. Here it remained about an hour, when it occupied Morell's division upon his vacating it, and supported the batteries upon the height above.

General McClellan rode through or past my division on his way out from his headquarters; and it filed past him in moving down to Morell's position. Notwithstanding the long that march they had made of over 23 miles (our only forced march), the men were in good heart, and, refreshed by their rest and coffee, would have fought well. Had they been wanting in spirit, a large portion of them might have remained behind, for the night was very dark. When I saw the long line of the regiments as they field into their position, in rear of Morell, I knew the kind of men I commanded, and their conduct on the field since that time has justified my confidence in them.

Mr. Secretary, the efforts of my officers and men and of myself, that anxious night, entitled us at least to the simple justice of an exact statement.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Hon. E. M. STANTON.

No. 109 Reports of Major General William B. Franklin, U. S. Army, commanding Sixth Army Corps, of the battle of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.

HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, Camp near Bakersville, Md., September 30, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations of the corps under my command in the battle of the 14th instant, at Crampton's Pass:

In compliance with the instructions of the commanding general, the corps advanced on the morning of the 14th instant from a point 3 miles east of Jefferson, in the direction of the Blue Ridge. At Jefferson a halt was ordered, to afford General Couch an opportunity of coming up. After a short delay, upon learning that this division was still some distance in the rear, I advanced to the vicinity of the village of Burkittsville. Upon ascertaining that the pass over the mountains at this

