
My staff was very efficient and behaved well. Without any previous knowledge of the field, and with a large extent of ground covered by my command, its duties were arduous in the extreme. The names of my staff officers who were present, all of whom I commend to the favorable notice of the commanding general, are: Lieutenant Colonel O. D. Greene, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Lieutenant Colonel E. R. Platt, assistant inspector-general; Captain M. T. McMahon,

aide-de-camp to commanding general; Captain J. P. Baker, aide-de-camp; Captain J. C. Jackson, aide-de-camp. Captain W. P. Sanders, Sixth Cavalry, was temporarily on my staff during the action, and rendered efficient service. I also commend him to the notice of the commanding general on account of the able manner in which the cavalry under his command guarded and watched the country on the left and front of Jefferson, and filled up the void left by the advance of the infantry column.

I append a list of the reports of division and brigade commanders and chief of artillery, which are transmitted with this report.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

[Addenda.]

Itinerary of the Sixth Army Corps, September 1-30, 1862.*

FIRST DIVISION.

September 1, left Centreville at sundown, and marched to Fairfax Court-House, Va.

September 2, marched to Seminary, near Alexandria.

September 6, marched, via Long Bridge, to Georgetown.

September 7, marched to Rabbit's farm, beyond Tennallytown, D. C.

September 8, marched to Muddy Run.

September 9, marched to Senecea Run, beyond Darnestown.

September 10, marched to Barnesville.

September 12, marched to near the Monocacy River, via Urbana.

September 13, marched to the foot of the Catoctin Mountains, near Jefferson.

September 14, marched across the mountains, and passed through Jefferson to Burkittsville, where we me the enemy's pickets at 3 p.m. Found the enemy strongly posted at Crampton's Pass, South Mountain. The division at once formed for attack, and after a severe engagement, carried the pass by storm, losing 114 men killed and 397 wounded, completely routing the enemy, and capturing 400 prisoners, 700 stand of arms, 4 stand of colors, 1 piece of artillery, &amp;c.

September 17, left pass at daylight, and marched, via Rohresville and Keedysville, to the battle-field of Antietam, where we took position about noon, relieving a portion of General Sumner's corps. The division was not actively engaged, losing only 68 men killed and wounded.

September 19, moved to the Potomac, opposite Shepherdstown.

September 20, about midnight ordered to Williamsport.

September 23, moved to our present camp, near Bakersville.

---------------

*From "record of events," in division returns.

---------------

