
and pursued through the pass and into the plain below. The victory was complete, and resulted not only in the utter rout and dispersion of the forces opposed to us, but in the capture of over 300 prisoners, 3 stand of colors, over 700 stand of arms of the most approved pattern, 1 piece of artillery, and a very large number of knapsacks, haversacks, blankets, &amp;c. The advance of General Brook's brigade, of Smith's division, on the left of the pass, simultaneously with the advance of my division, did much toward the accomplishment of the work assigned to the corps, and rendered our victory more complete than it would otherwise have been.

Of the gallantry of the officers and men under my command I cannot speak too highly. Although greatly reduced in numbers by losses on the Peninsula, although fatigued by long marches and constant service since the opening of the spring campaign, each regiment - indeed, every man - did his whole duty, not reluctantly, but with that eagerness and enthusiasm which rendered success certain.

To attempt to designate any regiment, or any regimental or line officers, as being entitled to particular notice would be an act of injustice to all others. I cannot, however, without great injustice omit to call attention to the conduct of the brigade commanders, General Newton, Colonel Bartlett, and Colonel Torbert, all of whom led their brigades in the action, and gave renewed evidences of their skill and courage. Colonel Bartlett, commanding the leading brigade, was on this, as on all former occasions, conspicuous for his gallantry and the skill with which he handled his troops under a most galling fire. I sincerely trust that both Colonel Bartlett and Colonel Torbert, commanding their respective brigades, both of whom have given abundant proofs of their qualifications for the positions which they now occupy as brigade commanders, may be rewarded by the promotion they have so well earned.

I append a list of casualties, showing the number of officers killed, 5; wounded, 16; men killed, 109; wounded,381. Total killed, 114; wounded, 397; aggregate loss, 511.

This list embraces many of the bravest and most gallant officers and soldiers of the division, for a more particular reference to whom I respectfully refer to the reports of the brigade commanders, which are herewith inclosed.

I am greatly indebted to the members of my staff, Major Rodgers, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Guindon and Shannon, aides-de-camp, and to Captain Urquhart, of Colonel Bartlett's staff, for the zealous manner in which their respective duties were discharged.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, Camp near Bakersville, September 26, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, early on the morning of the 17th instant, the division under my command left Crampton's Pass to join the main army, then already engaged with the enemy near Sharpsburg. We reached the battle-field about 12 m., and immediately took position in front of the white church, on the Hagerstown and Sharpsburg turnpike

