
relieving a portion of General Sumner's corps. Our infantry, though not actively engaged, were exposed to a heavy artillery fire from the enemy until sundown, and are entitled to great credit for their gallantry under a severe fire, which they were unable to return. The artillery of the division, under command of First Lieutenant Emory Upton, Fifth U. S. Artillery, was well served and did good execution. The batteries of Captain Hexamer, First New Jersey Volunteers Artillery; Captain Wolcott, First Maryland Volunteer Artillery, and Lieutenant Williston, Battery D, Second U. S. Artillery, were all engaged, and their fire proved very accurate and effective, twice silencing the enemy's guns, and holding in check a large force of his infantry.

The officers and men of the division lay or rested upon their arms in line of battle for over forty hours without leaving their position, and deserve great credit for their fortitude displayed on that occasion.

I append a list of casualties, showing a loss of 5 men killed, 2 officers and 56 men wounded, and 2 men missing, making a total loss of 65.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel OLIVER D. GREENE,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Sixth Army Corps.

No. 111. Report of Colonel A. T. A. Torbert, First New Jersey Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of the battle of Crampton's Pass.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SIXTH CORPS, Camp in Crampton's Pass, near Burkittsville, Md., September 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by the First Brigade in the action on the 14th at Crampton's Pass, Md.:

It being decided to attack the enemy posted in the pass, the division was ordered to advance in six lines, two regiments front, the First Brigade being in rear. About 3 o'clock I marched my brigade in two lines by the right flank under cover till we gained the open ground, when the advance was made in line of battle as follows: First line, First and Second Regiments New Jersey Volunteers; second line, 150 paces in rear, Third and Fourth Regiments New Jersey Volunteers. They advanced about a half mile with great regularity through clover and corn fields, intersected by high wood and stone fences,being exposed the greater part of the time to the enemy's artillery fire. Arriving within supporting distance of Colonel Bartlett's brigade, which was engaging the enemy, I halted. Soon after I ordered the Second Regiment New Jersey Volunteers forward to relieve one of Colonel Bartlett's regiments, which was out of ammunition, which they did with promptness. The enemy was posted behind a stone wall at the base of the mountains, with a wood just behind them.

At this time the distance between the contending parties was between 300 and 400 yards, an open field intervening. Thinking the distance too great, General Newton ordered me to charge forward to the wood. Accordingly, I ordered forward my second line, Third and Fourth Regiments

