
No. 112. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Mark W. Collet, Third New Jersey Infantry, commanding First New Jersey Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, September 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report:

The First Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, with the Second Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, was in the first line of the brigade. The advance across the fields, under a heavy fire of shell and solid shot from the enemy's batteries, was steady and unwavering. When the order was given to "Charge, and drive the rebels from the hill," the regiment, with cheers, started, and halted only when the enemy was driven from the hill and entirely dispersed.

Where officers and men all behaved with such distinguished gallantry, it is impossible to single out one for particular mention.

The killed and wounded int the First New Jersey, as far as yet ascertained, are as follows:

* * * * * *

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,M. W. COLLET,

Lieutenant Colonel Third N. J. Vols., in command of First N. J. Vols.

First Lieutenant H. P. COOKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, New Jersey Brigade.

No. 113. Reports of Colonel Samuel L. Buck, Second New Jersey Infantry, of the battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.

HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, Camp in Crampton's Pass, September 16, 1862.

SIR: The movements of this regiment previous to, and in action of, 14th instant are as follows:

Marched from camp near Buckey's Station at 6 a.m., Second Regiment in column; arrived at Jefferson at 11 o'clock; bivouacked about one hour; then advanced within 2 miles of Crampton's Pass; there rested one hour and thirty minutes; advanced by the flank under cover of rising ground until within musket-range of the enemy; formed in line of battle (having the left of the advance line of the brigade), and moved forward to relieve one regiment of Bartlett's brigade, posted in rear of a rail fence. We occupied the same position which they had left, and opened fire on the enemy. After firing about twenty minutes, the Fourth Regiment of the second line advanced through our lines and made a charge across an open field, followed immediately by us, both reaching the stone fence about the same time, behind which the enemy were in position. The enemy broke and fled, we pursuing them up the hill and through the pass. As we advanced, the regiment wheeled to the right, the left resting on the crest of the hill on the left of the road. At this point the enemy were re-enforced by fresh regiments, but they could not withstand our fire, without getting into position, broke and fled, we following them down the hill and along the road a distance of about a quarter of a mile, where we could see the baggage train of the enemy, protected by two pieces of artillery, in full retreat. As we

