
appeared, they opened on us with grape and canister. If our men had been fresh at this point, we could easily taken the artillery and part of the baggage train, but the men were so fatigued, and darkness coming on, the enemy made good their escape. Being relieved by the Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, by order of Colonel Torbert we fell back about a quarter of a mile, encamping in a field on the left-hand side of the road, which position we occupy at the present time.

As regards the conduct of offices and men, I would state it was all that could be desired or expected. Where all exhibited so much determination and gallantry, it would be invidious to particularize, but I cannot close without calling your attention to the brave conduct of Color. Corpl. Joseph Donovan, of Company A, who bore our colors through the thickest of the fight in the most gallant manner, and justly merits promotion.

Herewith find list of casualties.*

Trusting the above will meet your approbation, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. BUCK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant H. P. COOKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, September 21, 1862.

In compliance with your request for a report of the part this regiments took in the late battle near Sharpsburg, on the 17th instant, I respectfully report the following.

On the morning of the 17th instant we marched from Crampton's Pass and arrived at the scene of contest about noon. Immediately after our arrival we were ordered to the front by Colonel Torbert, to support Captain Ayres' battery (D), First U. S. Artillery, which at that time was sharply engaging the enemy. We remained in position in rear of the battery until night, exposed at intervals to a heavy fire, our loss on this occasion amounting in all to 2 killed and 7 wounded.

In regard to the conduct of the men, I am happy to state they behaved with unusual coolness and bravery. Below please find list of casualties.+

Hoping the above may meet your approbation, I remain, very respectfully,SAML. L. BUCK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant H. P. COOKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 114. Report of Colonel Henry W. Brown, Third New Jersey Infantry, of the battle of Crampton's Pass.
HDQRS. THIRD REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, Camp in Crampton's Pass, Md., September 15, 1862.

SIR: On Sunday morning the 14th instant, about 6 o'clock, we left our bivouac, and marched through a pass over the mountain to Jefferson,
---------------

*Embodied in revised statement,p.1863.

+Embodied in revised statement, p.195.

---------------

25 R R-VOL XIX, PT I

