
had a fair chance, and they here well sustained the honor of New Jersey on this field. I have not to regret the loss of any officer killed. Captain Stickney, of Company F, and Second Lieutenant Lambson, of Company E, are both slightly wounded. My officers and men behaved most gallantly. Those officers who had received their commissions the previous day (all in command of companies) showed by their conduct how well they had deserved their promotion. Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell, of the Fifteenth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, late captain of Company F, in my regiment, and of the acceptance of whose resignation I have not yet received official notice, was my only acting field officer, and though where all have distinguished it might seem invidious to particularize, I should be acting unjustly did I not mention how nobly he assisted me. I must also mention First Lieutenant David Fairly, my acting adjutant, for his promptness in repeating my commands, as well as for his perfect coolness and daring intrepidity. Lieutenant Hufty also behaved remarkably well.

One of my officers captured the colors of the Cobb Legion at the same time with a private, but seeing the man belonged to the Fourth Regiment of our brigade; he gave up his clair to the colors,and gave Colonel Hatch the sling in the evening. Both color-bearers of my regiment, Sergeant Haggerty, of Company A, and Corporal Westcott, of Company B, behaved with distinguished gallantry, waving their colors continually in advance, and I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of Acting Sergeant Dalziel, of Company D, who accompanied my acting adjutant with the party detailed and brought down many of the enemy with his unerring rifle.

My entire loss was 11 killed and 28 wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant H. P. COOKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 115. Report of Colonel William B. Hatch, Fourth New Jersey Infantry, of the battle of Crampton's Pass.

CRAMPTON'S PASS, MD., September 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with orders received on the 16th instant from Colonel A. T. A. Torbert, then in command of the brigade, I took position with the Fourth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers in rear of the Second Regiment, forming part of the second line of battle. The Second Regiment had engaged the enemy, who held a strong position behind a stone wall at the foot of the mountain with a large force of infantry. I then received orders to charge the enemy. I advanced across a plowed field of 400 yards in extent under a heavy cross-fire from the enemy's artillery, which was planted on the mountain slope, driving him from every point in front of us. We leaped the walls, and continued, in pursuing over the mountain into the gorge and up the next ascent to its summit, the enemy retreating in disorder into the valley below. We took many prisoners, including a large number of officers, among whom was Colonel Lamar, wounded, and his adjutant; also two stand of colors. In the eagerness of pursuit

