
Barnes, Twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, I wish particularly to mention for gallantry in following his regiment into battle, and establishing his field hospital close to the scene of action, thereby rendering immediate and invaluable assistance to the wounded.

I herewith annex an official list of the killed and wounded in my brigade.*

JOS. J. BARTLETT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Sixth Corp.

No. 117. Report of Colonel Nathaniel J. Jackson, Fifth Maine Infantry, of the battle of Crampton's Pass.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH MAINE REGIMENT, Camp near Williamsport, Md., September 23, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of events that transpired on the 14th instant at the battle of Crampton's Pass, as far as relates to this regiment:

About 3.30 o'clock p.m., in company with the remainder of the brigade, we received orders to move forward. We were formed in the first line of battle, in company with the Sixteenth New York Volunteers, our position being upon the left. We immediately moved forward in line to assault the enemy's lines, under a severe and galling fire. Arriving within about 500 yards, we became engaged with the enemy's infantry. Our line rested behind a rail fence, which position we maintained for upward of an hour, when our ammunition became completely exhausted. We then fell back a short distance, our position being occupied by a portion of General Newton's brigade. We then received orders to fix bayonets and charge upon the enemy, which we did at double-quick. We remained upon the battle-field during the night. Both officers and men behaved in a noble manner.

Our loss was 4 killed and 28 wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,N. J. JACKSON,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant R. P. WILSON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Second Brigadier, General Slocum's Div.

No. 118. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joel J. Seaver, Sixteenth New York Infantry, of the battle of Crampton's Pass.

HDQRS. SIXTEENTH REGIMENT NEW YORK STATE VOLS., Camp near Williamsport, Md., September 22, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on Sunday, September 14, instant, this regiment, preceded by the Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, marched from its bivouac, crossing the Catoctin Mountain, and passing the little village of Jefferson at about 12 m., soon after which

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.183.

---------------

