
indicated by General Bartlett, where it remained until the next morning. The action had terminated in the total rout of the enemy before this position was taken up.

The conduct of this command during the entire engagement was most admirable. Though exposed to the fire of the enemy's artillery while advancing over the open fields, there was no faltering or hesitation, and the severe musketry fire of the enemy was returned with the cool deliberation and steady aim of experienced marksmen. It is reported by prisoners that the manner and steadiness of the advance convinced the enemy that he had not raw troops to deal with. The great extent of the line rendered the transmission of orders difficult, and I am greatly indebted to Major Bodine and Adjutant Thompson for the aid which maintained the proper disposition and unbroken continuity of the line. All the officers save one (whose case has been laid before the colonel commanding) maintained and added to the reputation they have won in the previous history of the Twenty-seventh. It would not be proper to conclude this report without mentioning the efficient conduct of Surgeon Barnes, of this regiment, whose hospital was established nearest to the field, and who was the first surgeon to visit the wounded, collected in the houses at the foot of the mountain and on the field the action was over.

The casualties are 6 killed and 27 wounded; among the latter Lieutenant Seeley and Christman, and Color-bearer Sergeant McMaHonorable The detailed reported has been forwarded.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

ALEX D. ADAMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant R. P. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

No. 120. Report of Colonel Henry L. Cake, Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.

HDQRS. NINETY-SIXTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., Camp near Williamsport, Md., September 23, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the engagements of the 14th and 17th instant so far as participated in by this regiment:

After marching through Jefferson on Sunday morning, I was ordered out upon the road to Burkittsville, the regiment having been indicated as the advance guard. When within 2 miles of the latter village, the cavalry advance came in and reported a skirmish with a superior force of the enemy's cavalry. Companies A and F were deployed at once as skirmishers, and moved forward, the balance of the regiment steadily moving on within easy supporting distance. The enemy retired to the South Mountain through Burkittsville, our two companies of skirmishers penetrating to within 1,000 yards of the base, the balance of the regiment halting at the entrance of the village a little after 1 o'clock p.m. As the skirmishers entered the village they drew the fire of the artillery posted on the heights, which was kept up during the day, the shot being divided between the skirmishers and the main body of the Ninety-sixth, drawn up in line of the Knoxville road, the enemy revealing the position of at least five of their pieces.

