
of orders to return to the foot of the mountain and go into camp,which order was promptly obeyed, the brigade going into camp on the western side of the pass.

During the charge, and just at the moment when a splendid victory was opened, Major Lewis J. Martin was mortally wounded by a musket-ball in the head, and died while being carried off the field. He was an accomplished and brave soldier; an unassuming and perfect gentleman, beloved by all the regiment, and regretted beyond expression. One of the first to volunteer in the this war, he has at least laid down his life while gallantly and bravely fighting for his country - the only son of his mother, and she a widow. A minute before, First Lieutenant John Dougherty, commanding Company F, was shot through the breast, at my side, while bravely leading his company to the final struggle at the road. Sergeant Casey, seizing his sword as he fell, valiantly raised it over his head and dashed forward at the head of his company, which never faltered. There was no better or braver soldier than Lieutenant John Dougherty. The loss of these two officers falls heavily upon the regiment. During the charge I had 2 color-bearers killed and 3 wounded. Casualties: 20 killed, 71 wounded; total, 91.

The conduct of the regiment was excellent, my orders under fire being obeyed promptly and with great cheerfulness. Captain Lessing, Company C, deserves especial mention for brave conduct. The prospect of a fight in the wood and among the rocks on the side of the mountain stimulated him to great exertions to gain that point, and he cheered on his fine company most bravely. Captain Hay, Company A, also preserved his excellent reputation as a fighting officer, holding his company well in hand, always cool and in line. His services were invaluable in the fight, as they always are on the march, on picket, or in command of skirmishers. Captain Budd, Company K, also fought gallantly, leading his men bravely in the fight, capturing prisoners with his own hands. Captain Haas, Company G, also fought with coolness and courage, leading his men into the fire with promptness. Captain Filbert, Boyle, and Royer, of B, D, and H, also did their duty. I must also make special mention of Lieutenant George G. Boyer, acting regimental adjutant, who bravely encouraged the men throughout the lines up to the time the road was gained. Upon the fall of Major Martin, Lieutenant Boyer was charged with his removal, hoping that prompt attention might save his valuable life.

The conduct of Lieutenant Byrnes, commanding Company I, and Lieutenant Oberrender, commanding Company E, was most praiseworthy. at the head of their companies their courageous example was most conspicuous. Upon the fall of Lieutenant John Dougherty, Sergeant Casey assumed command of Company F, and conducted it through the balance of the day with the coolness of a veteran officer. Lieutenant Sailor, Company A; Lieutenant Hannum, Company D; Lieutenant Russell, Company C, and Lieutenant Huber, Company B, rendered marked services on the field. Lieutenant Russell, Company C, dispatched to bring Company B forward to the regimental line on the side of the mountain, displayed promptness, courage, and zeal in the discharge of his duty. Sergt. Major John Harlan deserves especial mention for the great coolness he displayed in the fight. In forming the lines to renew the charge after the enemy had been routed at the foot of the hill his services were invaluable. It is truly gratifying to be able to make this truthful statement. Companies A, F, I, C, K, and G were the first in the road, Companies C, A, and K first and simultaneously. In taking the road we lost 2 color-bearers killed and 3 wounded.

