
The names of those killed with the colors in their hands are Solomon M. Minzi, Company C, color-bearer, and Charles B. Zeigler, Company H. The wounded are Thomas Oliver, Company C, color-bearer; Sergeant Johnson, Company H, and William Ortner, Company H.

I regret being compelled to report that our surgeons invariably eave upon the bursting of the first shell near the regiment. This has always heretofore deprived us of their services on the field, though I believe it is custom to report for duty at the hospitals after engagements. This regiment would be quite as well off if its surgeons were left at hospitals, Dr. Nugent having been promoted to the One hundred and twenty-sixth.

Very respectfully, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

H. L. CAKE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant R. P. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

On the 17th the regiment moved from camp at daylight and crossed the Antietam at 11 o'clock. With the balance of the brigade, it was sent to the front to support batteries. While lying in position, a round shot struck in Company G, killing Private Frank Treon and wounding Private McCoy Sergent. I have, happily, no other casualties to record.

H. L. C.,

Colonel, Commanding.

No. 121. Report of Brigadier General John Newton, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of the battle of Crampton's Pass.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, September 24, 1862.

MAJOR:I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Third Brigade at the battle of Crampton's Pass, September 14, 1862:

My brigade arrived upon the field soon after 3 p.m., formed in two lines of battle, the Eighteenth and Thirty-second New York Volunteers forming the front line, and the Thirty-first New York Volunteers and Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers the rear line. In getting into their position they were shelled with great precision by the enemy's batteries, but I am happy to say that but few casualties resulted from this fire.

Finding Colonel Bartlett's brigade, which had preceded mine, actively engaged with the enemy, I supported him upon the right with the Eighteenth and Thirty-second New York Volunteers, and subsequently upon the left with the Thirty-first New York Volunteers and Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers. The troops were under a very severe fire from the enemy's musketry and artillery, they (the enemy) being covered by woods, stone walls, ledges of rock, &amp;c.

After a fusillade of about one hour and a half, with but little impression being made upon the enemy, the order to charge was given, in which the entire infantry of the division, with the exception of the One hundred and twenty-first New York Volunteers, were engaged. The charge was short and decisive, and the enemy was driven from his stronghold in a very few moments, although our loss was severe in accomplishing this object. The Eighteenth and Thirty-second New York

