
on the right of our line, aided by other regiments of the division, charged up the almost inaccessible mountain to its summit, driving the enemy before them. In this charge I regret that Colonel R. Matheson, Major George F. Lemon, and Second Lieutenant Collins, of the Thirty-second New York, were severely wounded, and Second Lieutenant Wright killed; also, in the Eighteenth New York, Captain William Horsfall killed and Lieutenant Daley and Ellis wounded severely.

The Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers and Thirty-first New York Volunteers, on the left, swept through the gap, and although their loss is trifling compared with the other two regiments of the brigade, their position was important. The Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, after passing through the gap, received the fire from a battery of the enemy, which they bore steadily, and advanced in the face of, until the guns were drawn off. It is supposed the rapidity of their charge, together with that of the regiments on their left, compelled, the enemy to abandon the cannon, which was afterward brought in by the pickets of the Second Division. The enemy's trains of wagons also barely escaped. The rout of the enemy was complete, and we needed but a small body of cavalry to have doubled their loss.

I take great pleasure in again noticing the gallantry and efficiency of Colonel R. Matheson, Thirty-second New York Volunteers, and who has been repeatedly recommended for promotion; also that of Major George F. Lemon, Thirty-second New York Volunteers; of Lieutenant-Colonel Myers, commanding Eighteenth New York Volunteers, and Major Meginnis and Captain Horsfall, killed; Captain A. Barclay Mitchell and Lieutenants Daley and Ellis, wounded, of the Eighteenth New York Volunteers, as behaving with great coolness and gallantry; of Colonel G. W. Town, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers and Lieutenant Colonel F. E. Pinto, commanding Thirty-first New York Volunteers, and performing their duties with great efficiency.

I again call attention to the gallantry and efficient services of Lieutenant Russel, aide-de-camp, and of Lieutenant Charles E. Heisler, acting aide-de-camp, Captain E. M. Tilley, brigade quartermaster, and Lieutenant D. Tarbell, Thirty-second New York Volunteers, acting brigade commissary, accompanied me on the field, rendering efficient and gallant services.

I was entirely satisfied with the conduct of the officers and men of the brigade.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JOHN NEWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

No. 122. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George R. Myers, Eighteenth New York Infantry, of the battle of Crampton's Pass.

HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, Near Bakersville, Md., September 24, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part my regiment took in the battle of Crampton's Pass, September 14, 1862:

About 3 o'clock p.m. on September 14 I received orders from General Newton to advance my regiment across the field and silence a battery

