
that was stationed upon the road, about half-way up the hill. I advanced my regiment, under a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery, to within about 50 yards of the line of Colonel Bartlet's (who was engaging the enemy), when I was ordered to halt, and a few moments after I received an order to form on the right of Colonel Bartlett's line. I moved my regiment by the right flank into the position indicated, and engaged the enemy from behind a stone wall, but perceiving that our fire was ineffectual, the enemy being ensconced behind a high stone wall, I gave the order to cease firing. The whole line was then ordered forward, we going through the corn-field and orchard at a double-quick to the road at the foot of the hill where I halted and reformed the regiment, which had become somewhat broken. I then gave the order to charge, the Thirty-second New York being on my right and the Sixteenth New York on my left. On rising the hill to the road which ran along its side, we received a terrific volley from the enemy. It was here that I met with my heaviest loss, the fire of the enemy being well directed and fatal. At this point the lamented Captain William Horsfall was killed while gallantly leading his men to the charge, and Lieutenant Daniel Daley and William Ellis severely wounded while at the head of their companies, in the same charge. The men staggered for a moment, but, at the command, immediately rushed on the enemy, killing and wounding many of the same.

We then reached the crest of the hill, where, I halted and reformed the regiment. I then sent my adjutant for orders, the enemy having fled in the utmost disorder. He received instructions from Major Rodgers, of General Slocum's staff, to rest the regiment where it was. After remaining there about an hour, I was ordered by Colonel Cake (the senior officers on the hill) down the hill to the gap, where the division was being formed. I marched my regiment to the point indicated, and camped on the left of the road.

It gives me great pleasure to state to you that my entire command behaved with the greatest coolness and bravery, the men receiving the enemy's fire and charging his position with the steadiness of veterans. I would particularize Captain A. Barclay Mitchell and Lieutenant D. Daley among the line officers as being brave and courageous to a fault, rallying and encouraging their men under the heaviest fire. The field and staff were of great assistance, and all behaved with great gallantry. Major Migginis displayed at all times the greatest coolness and energy, and deserves lost in this action commendation.

My regiment lost in this action 1 captain and 10 men killed, 1 lieutenants and 43 men, wounded, and 2 men missing, being a total loss of 58.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

GEORGE R. MYERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighteenth New York Vols.

Lieutenant WILLIAM RUSSELL, JR.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 123. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Francis E. Pinto, Thirty-second New York Infantry, commanding Thirty-first New York Infantry, of the battle of Crampton's Pass.

HDQRS. THIRTY-FIRST REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS., Crampton's Pass, September 16, 1862.

SIR: I respectfully report the part of taken by the Thirty-first Regiment New York State Volunteers, which I had the honor to command

