
until ordered by General Newton to rejoin their regiment, General Brooks having in the mean time moved his brigade to the front, forming a connection with our left. Shortly afterward I received orders to remain in the position during the night. Such afterward I received orders to remain in the position during the night. Such was the suddenness of their flight that the enemy had thrown away knapsacks, haversacks, and canteens, and everything which could impede it, and scattered along the road the ammunition of their artillery. From prisoners taken next morning we learned that they burned the wagon train which we had endeavored to seize, not knowing that we had ceased pursuit.

Casualties: 1 killed, 13 wounded, 1 missing; total, 15.

Very respectfully,

GUSTAVUS W. TOWN,

Colonel Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant WILLIAM RUSSELL, Jr.,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 125. Reports of Major General William F. Smith, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of the battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS SMITH'S DIVISION,Camp near Sharpsburg, September 23, 1862.

COLONEL: I have to make, for the information of the general commanding the corps, the following report of the operations of my division at Crampton's Pass, Sunday, September 14, 1862:

The troops arrived near Burkittsville, about 1 o'clock p. m., and were massed in a wood at long artillery range, and remain there until just after General Slocum's division became engaged in front of the pass. I was then ordered to throw a brigade to the left of the pass, to create a diversion, and, if possible, to turn the right flank of the enemy. The Second Brigade, under General W. T. H. Brooks, was detailed for this purpose, and marched by the flank to Burkittsville under a heavy artillery fire. At that point skirmishers were thrown out and the line of battle formed, and General Brooks advanced, under a sharp fire of skirmishers, across the opening and into the woods. The brigade crossed the mountain at one of its steepest points, and passed down the western face near to the valley, at which point they found a gun and stand of colors left by the retreating enemy. They also took many prisoners, and seem to have added materially to the day's result by carrying out General Franklin's idea of threatening the enemy's right flank.

As soon as General Brook's brigade became engaged, the Third Brigade, under Colonel Irwin, was ordered to support it. I also ordered forward a battery, by direction of General Franklin, and captain Ayres, my efficient chief of artillery, arrived on the ground in time to post it before dark for defensive purposes.

I inclose reports with reference to the operations of the troops that maneuvered in presence of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Army Corps.

26 R R-VOL XIX, PT I

