
house in the corner of the woods, when we opened fire, and, with the assistance of others, silenced it. We fired at from 2 1/2o to 3o elevation, using from 3 1/2 to 4 second fuses, and expended during the engagement about 300 rounds of ammunition. I am happy to report the loss of only one horse, which was killed by a 6-pound shot. The officers and men during the action behaved with commendable bravery.

Respectfully submitted.

THEODORE J. VANNEMAN,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery B, Maryland Artillery.

Captain AYRES,

Commanding Artillery, General Smith's Division.

No. 128. Report of Captain Andrew Cowan, commanding First New York Battery, of the battle of Antietam.

CAMP NEAR WILLIAMSPORT, MD.,

September 23, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 17th instant I took a position with Hancock's brigade on the field near Sharpsburg, Md. A battery of the enemy opened on me as soon as I came into battery. I returned the fire, and after two hours' firing compelled it to leave the field. During the time that I had been thus engaged, a battery of the enemy farther to the left had been quite troublesome, having brought a partial cross-fire upon me. I directed my fire upon it and silenced it. At about 4 p. m. the enemy brought up two pieces on my right in a corn-field, and opened on Sumner's batteries. I changed front to fire to the right and prevent the possibility of a cross-fire from them. For some reason Sumner's fire did not appear to reach them. I then opened. The enemy fired less than six rounds apiece, limbered up, and retired. Our fire was quite accurate. Nothing further occurred that day, except that I threw an occasional shell into the woods when I saw any considerable body of the enemy moving there.

On the 18th a flag of truce prevented further action. At 10 o' clock p. m. we heard the enemy removing his artillery. The movement lasted till 1 a. m.

My loss was 1 private wounded, Private John Lanning; 1 horse killed, and 2 wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,

ANDREW COWAN,

Captain First New York Battery

Captain R. B. AYRES,

Commanding Artillery, Smith's Division.

No. 129. Reports of Brigadier General Winfield S. Hancock, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of the battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SMITH'S DIVISION,Near Sharpsburg, Md., September 21, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that during the operations before Crampton's Pass on the 13th instant my brigade was held in reserve and was not engaged with the enemy.

