
On the morning of the 14th we crossed the mountain and reached a point about 1 mile from Brownsville. Here the Sixth Regiment Maine Volunteers, under command of Colonel Hiram Burnham, together with the Fourth Regiment Vermont Volunteers, of General Brooks' brigade, was ordered to reascend the mountain and to take possession of the pass about 1 mile below that above referred to, which was known to be in possession of the enemy. This was accomplished, the command only receiving the fire of the pickets of the enemy. Two pieces of artillery were also added to the command.

Later in the day, the enemy having withdrawn their forces in front of us, the force in question was ordered to pursue, which was accomplished, until a halt was ordered, the artillery firing into the enemy's retreating cavalry. The remainder of the brigade, together with a battery of artillery and the Third Brigade, all under command of Major-General firing a few shots from the artillery into the retreating cavalry. The pursuit was then abandoned, the enemy having entirely withdrawn, and having so much the advance toward Harper's Ferry that further pursuit seemed unnecessary in connection with subsequent operations to be carried out by the command.

A list of casualties has been transmitted.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Smith's Division.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., SIXTH CORPS,Near Sharpsburg, Md., September 21, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the 17th instant my brigade, leading Smith's division, arrived on the battle-ground in front of Keedysville about 9 o'clock a. m.. and subsequently led the advance of General Sumner, then fiercely engaged and hard pressed by the enemy. Arriving on the ground, the regiments of my brigade were placed in position supporting three batteries-Cowan's, of Smith's division, on the right (3-inch guns); Frank's of French's division, in the center (12-pounder brass guns), and Cothran's battery, of Banks' corps (rifled guns), on the left, the regiments being placed in the following ordered: The Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Lieutenant Colonel William Brisbane, on the right of Cowan's battery; the Forty-third New York Volunteers, under command of Major John Wilson, and a detachment of the One hundred and thirty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Colonel Henry M. Bossert, between Cowan's and Frank's batteries; the Sixth Maine Volunteers, under Colonel Hiram Burnham, and the Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, under Colonel Amasa Cobb, between Frank's and Cothran's batteries, the whole line being parallel to the woods in front,, then occupied in force by the enemy, and at canister distance therefrom.

Skirmishers were immediately thrown forward, who met those of the enemy advancing through the corn-field separating us. The houses and inclosures in front of our position were occupied by detached com-

