
panies from my command. Very soon the enemy placed two batteries in front of the woods, their infantry in the edge of it in support, and opened a heavy fire with shell, round shot, shrapnel, and grape. I applied to General Sumner for another regiment to place in the woods on my extreme right. The Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel W. R. Lee commanding, was sent to me, and posted by Brigadier-General Howard. After a severe cannonading, our skirmishers doing good execution at the same time, the enemy's batteries were silenced by our artillery, and withdrawn from the field with the loss of several limbers and many men. At the same time a portion of the Third Brigade of Smith's division assaulted the enemy's advancing column on our extreme left. In this position the field was maintained throughout.

The conduct of the batteries and the troops under my command was excellent without exception. Our loss in the infantry was slight, as the men were lying down during the cannonading. The batteries in question met some losses in men and horses, but the reports have not been made to me. A list of the casualties in the brigade has been transmitted. Early in the afternoon of the 17th I was directed by Major-General McClellan in person, who was on the field, to take command of Richardson's division, and to command the center of our forces, General Richardson having been so seriously wounded as to require his removal.

Herewith please find a copy of the order* relieving me from the command of my brigade, which was transferred to Colonel A. Cobb, Fifth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, the senior colonel, who conducted the subsequent operations of the brigade.

My staff officers, Captain John Hancock, assistant adjutant-general;First Lieutenant William G. Mitchell, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant I. B. Parker, aide-de-camp, behaved with gallantry, and rendered very efficient service in carrying orders under the fire of the enemy. the commanders of regiments and batteries above mentioned deserve especial mention for their good conduct.

Major F. N. Clarke, chief of artillery of Sumner's corps, was present, and had general direction of the artillery in these operations.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Smith's Division.

No. 130. Reports of Brigadier General W. T. H. Brooks, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of the battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, SMITH'S DIVISION,Hagerstown, September-, 1862.

SIR: I have to report the operations of this brigade in the battle of Crampton's Pass, September 14:

The brigade was ordered to pass through the town of Burkittsville, with the view of supporting Slocum's main attack on the right, by fol-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

