
in charge of our temporary hospital, which unavoidably was under fire; but he attended faithfully to his severe duties, and I beg to mention this officer with particular commendation. His example is but too rare, most unfortunately.

I beg to call the particular attention of Major-General Smith to the distinguished gallantry of my aide, Captain E. Martindale, and my assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant William H. Long. Both of them were constantly under the enemy's fire, and gave me the greatest assistance during the battle, and set and excellent example of courage and endurance to the troops. These gentleman were everywhere that they could be of service, and I beg to commend their intelligence, activity, and courage in the highest terms.

Herewith I present a list of the commissioned officers who were present and engaged in the battle of the 17th instant.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

W. H. IRWIN,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade, Smith's Division.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 132. Report of Major Thomas W. Hyde, Seventh Maine Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. SEVENTH MAINE VOLS., SECOND DIVISION,Near Sharpsburg, Md., September 19, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 17th instant, about 5 o'clock p. m., I was ordered by Colonel Irwin, commanding the Third Brigade of this division, to send a company to dislodge some of the enemy, who were annoying one of our batteries. Hardly was the company detached from the regiment when Colonel Irwin rode along and exclaimed in near these words: "That is not enough, sir; go yourself; take your regiment and drive them from those trees and buildings." I asked him to repeat his order and point out the ground again. He did so, quite emphatically, in near the same words, and added with an oath, "Those are your orders, sir." He repeated the order several times.

I took the regiment in front of the skirmishers of the brigade next on our left, formed them behind a fence, sent out my skirmishers, who drove the rebel skirmishers in fine style from the edge of the corn-field and the hollow lying on this side of the timber I was ordered to clear. I ordered the battalion forward, and as they opened fire on us from front and left flank I ordered a charge. With fixed bayonets the men dashed forward in line with a cheer, advancing nearly a quarter of a mile at the double-quick. The body of the enemy in the orchard to our left being flanked, broke and ran. Those directly in front, behind haystacks and outbuildings, also broke, and their colors having fallen, we dashed on up the hill to secure them, when a rebel regiment rose suddenly from behind a stone wall on our right, poured in a volley, and at the same time I saw them double-quicking around to the left to cut off our retreat. Those in front, seeing our small numbers, had rallied.

Looking back and seeing no support, to escape being surrounded I

