
marched the regiment by the left flank, formed them on a crest in the orchard, poured a volley into those who were endeavoring to cut off our retreat, and faced those in front. Here we received a severe fire from three directions, and the enemy advanced in force. I saw four battle-flags. A battery opened on us with grape. Here we met a heavy loss, but were shielded some by the trees of the orchard. Having disposed of most of our cartridges, we retreated through the orchard, gave them another volley as they attempted to follow, which drove them back, and, closing up on the colors, I marched the regiment back in good order to their old position on the left of the Third Brigade.

The affair lasted perhaps thirty minutes. The color-sergeant was killed, and all the guard shot but one, who brought off our flag riddled with balls. Fifteen officers and 166 men went into the fight, and our loss was as follows: Enlisted men known to be killed, 12; wounded and brought off, 60; fate still unknown, 16. Lieutenants Brown and Goodwin and Sergeant-Major Parsons, killed; Captains Jones, Cochrane, and Cook and Adjutant Haskell, wounded and missing; Lieutenants Shorey, Benson, and Emery, wounded.

But one officer, Lieutenant Nickerson, escaped untouched in clothes or person, and but very few men. Captain Channing and Lieutenant Webber had each three bullets through their clothes. The adjutant and myself both had our horses shot under us.

The troops of the enemy engaged were the Seventh Georgia, First Texas, Second Mississippi Battalion, and a fragment of a Louisiana regiment. Their loss I find, on visiting the field, to be much heavier than ours.

I drove the enemy from the trees and buildings Colonel Irwin ordered me to clear, but for want of support was unable either to push on after his line was pierced or to hold the position that was gained.

I cannot make exception for special mention. Where all behaved so nobly, and obeyed orders so readily, distinction would be invidious.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS W. HYDE,

Major, Commanding Seventh Maine Volunteers.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 133. Report of Colonel Ernest von Vegesack Twentieth New York Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,Camp in the Field, near Sharpsburg, Md., September 20, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to verbal orders from Colonel Irwin, commanding Third Brigade, the regiment formed in line of battle in the woods on this side of Antietam Creek at about 11 o'clock a. m. on the 17th of September, 1862. Advancing through the woods the regiment came into an open field, where they attacked the

