
No. 135. Report of Major George W. Johnson, Forty-ninth New York Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. FORTY-NINTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,September 20, 1862.

In compliance with orders, I beg to report as follows:

The Forty-ninth Regiment left, with the division, the camp near Christian [Crampton's] Pass, about 7 o'clock, and arrived on the battle-field near Sharpsburg at about 11 o'clock on the 17th. After hanging position several times, the regiment, with other regiments in brigade, was ordered to move into a field held by the enemy, which it did, driving the enemy over the crest of a hill, and into a piece of woods just under the crest. The regiment took up position, and held it for twenty-four hours, being relieved the next day at noon.

The casualties mostly resulted from the shells thrown from the enemy's batteries. They are as follows: Killed, 2; wounded, 21; total 23.

Respectfully submitting the above,

GEO. W. JOHNSON,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant WILLIAM H. LONG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 136. Report of Captain Nathan S. Babcock, Seventy-seventh New York Infantry, of the battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-SEVENTH Regiment N. Y. STATE VOLS.,In the Field, September 20, 1862.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to report to you some of the casualties and incidents connected with my command during the recent sanguinary battles of Crampton's Pass and Antietam Creek.

In the battle of Sunday, the 14th, at Cramtpon's Pass, we suffered no injury, although leading your brigade through Burkittsville and up the pass under the tremendous shelling of the enemy's guns. I entered the battle of Antietam Creek on the 17th instant with not more than 175 men all told, most of the regiment having been on picket for two days, a part of which joined us just as the brigade was ordered to charge upon the rebels and drive them from the field. In this charge we suffered severely considering the number engaged. I was first ordered to support the Thirty-third New York, but subsequently, and while advancing in the charge, I was ordered to the front for the purpose of cutting off the flying enemy, already routed by the left of your columns; and it was while endeavoring to execute this order that our position became critical, and in which most of the casualties occurred. A large force of the enemy had advanced on our right under the cover of the woods, and were about to cut us off from the rest of your command, as your gallant aide, Lieutenant Long, discovered the danger and ordered us to fall back to the cover of a hill about 50 yards.

We received a severe and galling fire from the enemy's infantry and artillery, but my men only wavered a moment, and then retired and re

