
of the day and a lack of ammunition, they moved with the greatest alacrity and enthusiasm, holding the enemy at bay and fighting him at close quarters till long after dark.

It being apparent that the enemy was strongly re-enforced, and that we could not be re-enforced, the command was ordered to fall back to the crests above the bridge, which movement was performed in the most perfect order under cover of the batteries on the height, the same formation being adopted that was made before the attack.

Receiving an order from the commanding general to hold the bridge and the heights above at any cost this position was maintained till the enemy retreated, on the morning of the 19th, during which time our skirmishers maintained a line well in advance. General Morell's division was ordered to join me on the 18th, and to it we are much indebted for the valuable assistance rendered on the following night by relieving our line of skirmishers, thus enabling our officers and men to cook their food and obtain a good night's rest.

On the morning of the 19th we were ordered in pursuit of the enemy down the road leading from our position to the mouth of the Antietam, and, finding that he had succeeded in crossing the river, we were ordered into camp.

In closing this report, I desire to express my hearty appreciation of the gallant services of the officers and soldiers in my command during this engagement. Individual cases of merit and true heroism have been alluded to in the reports of the general officers, but in a report like this it would be impossible to particularize. When it is remembered to what privations and what long and weary marches they had previously been subjected, their constancy, bravery, and endurance shine forth with additional brilliancy.

To Brigadier-Generals Cox, Willcox, and Sturgis I desire to express my obligations for the prompt and efficient manner in which all my orders were executed, and to each and all of the officers and soldiers under them, as well as to the officers and soldiers of the much-lamented General Rodman's division, for their full and hearty response to their commands.

The battery commanders are deserving of special mention for the efficient service rendered by them during the day. I beg to call the attention of the general commanding to the valuable services rendered by Lieutenant-Colonel Getty, chief of artillery, who posted the batteries, and also to Lieutenant Benjamin, whose batteries were detached from their divisions, and, therefore, had no place in the reports of their division commanders.

To my personal staff I am under renewed obligations for their constant and unwearied efforts and their faithfulness and courage, exhibited in the various duties required of them. They are as follows: Major General John G. Parke, chief of staff; Lieutenant Colonel George W. Getty, chief of artillery; Lieutenant Colonel Lewis Richmond, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel E. R. Goodrich, commissary of subsistence; Surg. W. H. Church, medical director; Major William Cutting, aide-de-camp; Major J. L. Van Buren, aide-de-camp; Captain R. S. Williamson, topographical engineer; Captain T. E. Hall, quartermaster; Captain Read, assistant quartermaster; Captain P. Lydig, aide-de-camp; Captain J. M. Cutts, aide-de-camp; Captain G. R. Fearing, aide-de-camp; Captain Holded, assistant quartermaster; Lieutenant D. W. Flagler, ordnance officer; Lieutenant W. H. French, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant S. Pierce and Lieutenant C. S. Kendall, signal officers.

It is but just to the members of the staffs of Generals Reno and Rodman that their gallant services should be acknowledged in this

