
engagement ensued, lasting until after dark, in which the enemy were driven from the field. Brigadier General Isaac I. Stevens, commanding the division, was killed, bearing the colors of the Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, which he took up after two color sergeants had been shot. On the death of General Stevens, Colonel Benjamin C. Christ, Fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, took command, and remained in charge until relieved by Brigadier General O. B. Willcox. Division remained on the battlefield during the night.

September 2, marched to Alexandria.

September 4, marched at 9 p. m., crossed Long Bridge, and encamped on Meridian Hill, Washington, at 4 a. m. of the 5th.

September 7, struck camp at 8 a. m., marched to Leesborough, Md., 10 miles, halting at 7 p. m.

September 8, General Willcox arrived ant took command of the division.

September 9, moved at 6.30 a. m., arriving at Brookville, Md., at 2 p. m.

September 10, the Seventeenth Michigan Infantry Volunteers joined the division.

September 11, moved at 5 a. m. toward New Market; encamped at Forer's Creek.

September 12, resumed march at 9 a. m., and marched to the monocacy, within 2 miles of Frederick City.

September 13, moved at 2 p. m.; camped within 1 1/2 miles of Middletown.

September 14, division ordered to South Mountain by Boonsborough road, left of main pike, and engaged the enemy at Shriver's Gap, on the right of Cox's division. Enemy dislodged with heavy loss, and collected 1,100 stand of arms and some hundred prisoners.

September 15, marched a short distance after crossing South Mountain, and halted until 11 p. m., at which time resumed march and continued to near Porterstown.

September 16, an artillery engagement occurred, in which Benjamin's battery took part. Christ's brigade on picket duty.

September 17, division marched to Antietam Creek, crossed to the west bank by the stone bridge, and took position on Rodman's right and on both sides of road, toward Sharpsburg, and engaged the enemy at 5 p. m. Charged up the hill toward the village, broke the rebel lines, driving them in confusion from their position opposite our front, and held the position till ordered by General Burnside to fall back a short distance, holding the west bank of the Antietam, near a ford, and the road to the bridge.

September 18, remained all day in the position taken on the 17th until 5 p. m., when take division, being relieved by other troops, recrossed the Antietam.

September 19, recrossed to the west bank of the Antietam, and marched toward the Potomac, encamping within 1 mile of the Shepherdstown Ford.

September 21, Thirty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers joined the division.

September 24, Twentieth Michigan Infantry Volunteers joined the division.

September 26, moved to east side of Antietam Creek, near Antietam Iron Works, and encamped, where the division remains, drilling and doing picket duty.

The division was stationed on October 1 at Antietam Iron Works,

