
Md. Broke camp on the 7th and marched to Pleasant Valley.* The division remained in camp at Pleasant Valley until October 26, when camp was broken, and marched to Berlin, and there crossed the Potomac River over the pontoon bridge, reaching Lovettsville, Va., the same day. Remained at lovettsville, until the 29th, when the division moved to its present station at Waterford, Va.

The several brigades of this command were ordered for a time away from their encampment during the time in Pleasant Valley, as follows: The First Brigade was ordered to Frederick, Md., on the 11th, leaving camp equipage and baggage behind. The brigade remained at Frederick until the 15th, when it returned to Pleasant Valley.

The Second Brigade was ordered to guard fords between Knoxville and mouth of Monocacy River. Headquarters was established at Point of Rocks, Md.

The Fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers and one company Twentieth Michigan Volunteers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Brenholtz, were ordered to guard Mock's Ford. Nine companies of the twentieth Michigan Volunteers and the Twenty-eight Massachusetts Volunteers, under Colonel Williams, were stationed to guard Noland's Ferry.

On October 29 brigade moved from Point of Rocks, forded the Potomac at Heedle's Ford, and joined remainder of the division at Waterford at 5 p. m. the same day.

The Third Brigade was ordered to Frederick, Md., on October 11, leaving camp equipage and baggage behind.

On the 12th the Forty-fifth Pennsylvania and Third-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, of the brigade, moved to Point of Rocks, Md. the One hundredth Pennsylvania was ordered to Monocacy Junction. The Thirty-sixth Massachusetts Regiment remained at Point of Rocks, and the Forty-fifth Pennsylvania moved to Noland's Ferry, and on the 15th all the brigade returned to camp at Pleasant Valley.

No. 140. Reports of Captain Asa M. Cook, Eighth Massachusetts Battery, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH MASSACHUSETTS BATTERY,Mouth of Antietam Creek, Md., September 21, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report as follows concerning the operations of my command in the battle of South Mountain September 14:

Having proceeded with the rest of the division from camp near Middletown to the foot of South Mountain on the morning of September 14, the Eighth Massachusetts Battery was ordered to take up a position in the extreme advance on the left of the army. The command proceeded up the road to a point about 400 yards from the summit of the mountain, where, at about 12 o'clock m., two pieces were brought into battery and commenced firing on a battery of the enemy on an elevation about a mile to the right. After firing about four rounds one of the pieces became disabled, and was withdrawn. While another piece was

---------------

*Col, Daniel Leasure, One hundredth Pennsylvania Infantry, relieved General Willcox, in command of the division, October 8, the latter assuming command of the Ninth Army Corps.

---------------

28 R R-VOL XIX, PT I

