
No. 141. Report of Lieutenant John N. Coffin, commanding left section Eighth Massachusetts Battery, of the battle of Antietam.

CAMP NEAR SHARPSBURG, MD.,

September 21, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report as follows concerning the movements of my section while temporarily detached from your battery during the action of September 17 near Antietam Creek:

In crossing the stone bridge the battery marched left in front, bringing my section in advance. On the enemy's commencing to shell the ravine, I was ordered to take position about 200 yards in advance of the column, where I was enabled to shell the enemy on our right until they were driven from their position. I was then ordered to advance farther up the road to fire canister. Coming to a turn in the road, I ordered the section to turn to the left and take a position on an elevation about 200 yards to the right of the enemy's guns. I opened on them with canister, discharging both guns to the right, when the enemy disappeared. I then turned my guns to the left against the rebel infantry.

Not deeming the position a good one, I ordered my pieces to be limbered up and take a position on a high eminence overlooking the enemy's infantry, and held this position, my guns telling with terrible effect upon the rebel lines. This position I held until my ammunition was exhausted. I then limbered to the rear and left the field for more ammunition, carrying with me one private, William H. Callinton, wounded in the knee.

I wish to mention favorably especially the chiefs of the two pieces under my command, Sergts. William Davis and Newell B. Allen, who, with the rest of the non-commissioned officers and privates of the section, behaved with the greatest bravery and coolness throughout the engagement.

Very respectfully, yours,

JOHN N. COFFIN,

Senior First Lieutenant.

Captain A. M. COOK,

Commanding Eighth Massachusetts Battery.

No. 142. Reports of Lieutenant Samuel N. Benjamin, Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.

SEPTEMBER 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery, during the action of South Mountain, Sunday, September 14:

The battery was ordered to report to General Pleasonton at about 8 a. m. After reporting, it was placed in position to the left of the turnpike, on a high knoll, commanding a portion of the pass. We engaged three batteries in the course of the day, one on a knoll to the right of the turnpike, about 2,600 yards from us, the others on the right and left

