
of the pike on the hills. The first two commanded our position, the third we commanded. The first we silenced twice, after which it did not open again. The second and third we fired at to draw the fire from our infantry. We also shelled the wood in several places, and shelled a column far up the pass, apparently with some effect. A detachment of the Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, temporarily attached to the battery, did their duty well throughout the day. The officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates all behaved well. We had no casualties, no projectiles of any kind coming near us.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL N. BENJAMIN,

First Lieutenant Second Artillery, Commanding Battery E.

Captain ROBERT A. HUTCHINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Div., Ninth Army Corps.

NEAR BLACKFORD'S FORD (ON THE POTOMAC),

September 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of Battery E, Second Artillery (Carlisle's), during the engagement near Sharpsburg on the 16th and 17th instant:

On the 16th instant, on being ordered to the front at about 9 o'clock, the battery was placed in position by Lieutenant-Colonel Getty, Fifth U. S. Artillery. After firing a few shots at bodies of the enemy, we opened on a brigade marching in column toward our right, and soon drove them in confusion into a ravine.

At about 10.30 a. m. the enemy opened fire on us, and on some heavy guns some distance on our right, with ten or twelve pieces. We returned fire, the batteries on the right also returning it, and in about an hour the enemy's batteries were silenced. In take afternoon we changed position, taking position on a knoll some distance to the left, and back from the stone bridge.

On the morning of the 17th we opened fire early on a battery which was shelling General Rodman's division, soon silencing it. Several times during the day we engaged a battery of eight guns to the right of Sharpsburg, each time driving the cannoneers from their guns. We also fired on batteries to the left of the town, to draw their fire from our infantry.

After the firing on the 16th instant I replenished my caissons, and on the morning of the 17th I sent for ammunition, but only received 40 rounds, being all that there was on the train. The battery changed position at about 3 p. m., in order to fire more to the left. Several times in the course of the day we shelled bodies of rebel infantry. At about 5 or 5.30 p. m., the enemy opened with some very heavy guns from their left. I fired my last six rounds at them. After my ammunition was exhausted I remained in position some time.

Two of my horses being killed by their shell, I returned to my first position in order to cover my horses, and, by order of General Burnside, fired blank cartridges to draw the enemy's fire from our infantry.

The men attached to the battery behaved well. Sergeants Keefe, Kaiser, and Ferris, and Corporal Eidleman, managed their guns and detachments well. My officers, Lieutenants Graves and Lord, worked

well and faithfully. A detachment of the Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, temporarily attached to the battery, did their duty coolly

