
and Twenty-eight Massachusetts Volunteers, but when within 100 yards of his guns (and while he was covered by a hill which prevented my advance column from shooting either his horses or their riders), he limbered up his pieces and retired. I did not deem it prudent to advance after his artillery had retired, for the reason that the woods were lined with his sharpshooters, and I would only have exposed my command to their fire without gaining anything. I retired with my charging party to my line of battle, and maintained my position until ordered to take another farther down and near the bridge, where the men slept on their arms for the night.

In this engagement it is impossible to particularize regiments, officers, or men, for, from the moment we were brought under fire until ordered to retire near the bridge, all displayed the utmost coolness and courage, ready and prompt to move forward at the word of command, and both officers and men vying with each, other in the discharge of their duty. My especial acknowledgments are, however, due to my acting assistant not only during this but also during the engagement of the 14th.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

B. C. CHRIST,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain HUTCHINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 144. Reports of Colonel Thomas Welsh, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, WILLCOX'S (1ST) DIV., 9TH ARMY CORPS,Near Sharpsburg, Md., September 18, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the brigade under my command, consisting of the Forty-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Major J. I. Curtin commanding; One hundredth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Leckey commanding, marched from camp east of Middletown early on Sunday morning, the 14th of September, 1862. Arriving in front of and within range of the enemy's guns, in position on the South Mountain, commanding the turnpike road leading to Hagerstown, I received orders to lead and attack the enemy's batteries on the right of the turnpike from Brigadier-General Willcox, commanding division. The One hundredth Pennsylvania, Latent-Colonel Leckey, were then advanced as skirmishers along the road. The other troops of the brigade were ordered to the right, with the view to crossing the fields and ascending the mountain on the right of the battery to be attacked.

After having advanced a short distance, and order was received recalling my command and directing me to follow Christ's brigade to the support of General Cox's division, then being engaged with the enemy a considerable distance to the left of the turnpike, near the Sharpsburg road. Leaving orders for the One hundredth to be recalled, I hurried forward with my two regiments along the Sharpsburg road, running nearly parallel with and about 1,000 yards distant from the turnpike.

Arrived at the foot of the mountain, I placed my troops in position on the left of Christ's brigade, the right of the Forty-fifth Pennsylvania

