
Nagle on the left, to the support of Rodman. For the part taken in this affair by the Second Brigade, I have to refer you to the report of General Ferrero, as I was with the First Brigade. This latter moved forward in fine order, and drove the advancing foe beyond the cornfield on the left, and slept upon the ground throughout the night.

It is impossible to refer to the many individual acts of heroism displayed by the officers and men throughout these few eventful days without extending this report to too great a length. When, however, it is considered that during all this time they were without food (or had but little), marching and fighting almost continually, with but little rest or sleep, it may well be said they sustained in an eminent degree the undying reputation they had already earned under the lamented Major-General Reno in the brilliant victories of Roanoke, Camden, New Berne, and Chantilly. In order, therefore, to prevent, as far as may be, injustice being done to any deserving officer or soldier, I would respectfully refer you to the reports of the brigade commanders, inclosed.

To Captain H. R. Mighels, assistant adjutant-general; Capts. C. H. Hale, J. K. Casey, H. B. Sturgis, and First Lieutenant A. H. Hosmer, aides-de-camp, I am under many obligations for the bravery and zeal with which they carried my orders in the hottest of the contest. The three last mentioned officers were separated from me after the battle of South Mountain by sickness and orders for other service, and could not join again in time to take part in the battle of Sharpsburg. My aide-de-camp and ordnance officer, Captain W. C. Rawolle, I cannot commend in too high terms. He was invaluable at all times, carrying orders, placing the artillery in favorable positions, bringing up ammunition, and making himself useful in every department. I would commend this officer to special consideration, as I look upon him as one of the most promising young officers in the service. Captain N. Plato, assistant quartermaster, and Captain F. E. Berier, commissary of subsistence, rendered good service also in their respective departments, and exhibited great energy and zeal. Surg. A. T. Watson labored night and day in ministering to the wounded, and is deserving of the gratitude of the country.

Accompanying the reports of the brigade commanders you will find the list of killed, wounded, and missing; also the number of the enemy's prisoners taken, as follows: Killed, 140; wounded, 619; missing, 45; total, 804.* One of my orderlies, Private John Dohmeyer, Company D, Fifth Cavalry, was severely, perhaps mortally, wounded by one of our own shells while at my side near the bridge. Prisoners taken, about 100.

I have the honor to be sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Ninth Corps.

No. 147. Reports of Brigadier General James Nagle, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,Antietam, Md., September 20, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that previous to arriving at South Mountain, September 14, in compliance with orders, two of my regi

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 197.

---------------

