
ments were ordered to report to General Reno toward the right, to support several other regiments advancing into position. The regiments selected were the Second Maryland and Sixth New Hampshire Volunteers. The other regiments were the Forty-eight Pennsylvania Volunteers and Ninth New Hampshire Volunteers, both of which advanced in line of battle up the South Mountain as reserve.

Soon afterward the advance deployed to the right and left, and both the Forty-eight Pennsylvania and Ninth New Hampshire Volunteers were then brought into action. Large fields of corn were filled with the enemy, so concealed that only a bayonet charge could clear the fields, and the Ninth New Hampshire Volunteers charged bayonets through these fields of corn, clearing them of a regiment of South Carolina infantry, and pursuing them through a heavy wood, and then joining by a flank movement the remainder of the brigade. The Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers did excellent service on the left, where a sharp engagement took place. The Second Maryland and Sixth New Hampshire Volunteers were held in reserve, and lay under a galling fire on the right. My whole brigade rested on their arms after the battle closed at 9 p. m., having driven the enemy at every point. The contest was spirit, and both my officers and men behaved with good cheer and true courage while under fire.

The loss in the Forty-eight Pennsylvania stands 11 wounded and 1 missing, and in the Ninth New Hampshire Volunteers, 23 wounded and 6 missing.

Captain Clark's battery did good execution on the left, and punished the enemy severely.

I have the honor to transmit the inclosed list of killed, wounded, and missing in my brigade.*

All of which is respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

JAMES NAGLE,

Brigadier-General, First Brigade, Second Division.

Brigadier General S. D. STURGIS.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,Antietam, Md., September 20, 1862.

GENERAL: On the morning of September 17 my brigade received orders, while encamped near Sharpsburg, to advance on the enemy at a point he had selected where the stone bridge crosses the Antietam Creek, about 2 miles from Sharpsburg. The position was a strong one for the enemy, as the was posted in strong force on the bank of Antietam Creek, on the wooded bank of this stream, with precipitous banks that afforded them shelter from our artillery and infantry. Two roads diverge from this bridge, and the approach to it is through a narrow ravine, admitting not more than the whole brigade could not be posted to advantage, a front was selected on the left, on the banks of the stream, from which an oblique range upon the bridge could be had, while my right occupied the bluff overlooking the bridge, behind which two regiments of the enemy were concealed in the heavy underbrush.

From this strong position the enemy poured a terrific fire upon our infantry, which was replied to in a very spirited manner by all the regiments in my brigade. The Forty-eight Pennsylvania Volunteers,

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 186.

---------------

