
Lieutenant-Colonel Sigfried commanding, passed through a field skirted by a forest, in which the enemy was posted, and with the other regiments soon cleared it of the rebel sharpshooters, placed there in concealed positions. The Ninth New Hampshire Volunteers, Colonel E. Q. Fellows, was placed near the bridge, and opened a destructive fire directly upon the enemy, and expended nearly all their ammunition during a gallant resistance of an hour, in which they were between the fires of two regiments of the enemy, and sustained themselves nobly. Lieutenant Colonel H. B. Titus, of Ninth New Hampshire Volunteers, fell, badly wounded, at this point, with several of the commissioned officers of the regiment. The Second Maryland and Sixth New Hampshire Volunteers were placed in a perilous position near the bridge, and are entitled to commendation for their soldier-like bearing and bravery displayed.

When the most of the ammunition in my brigade was expended, my brigade fell back; the Second Brigade was ordered up to storm the bridge, which they did, and my brigade ordered to follow for the possession of the heights on the opposite side of the river. With cheers and great enthusiasm my brigade passed the bridge and planted our flag on the heights in a few moments. After other re-enforcements arrived we advanced and drove the enemy from their position on the range of hills near the river, where a severe battle took place, in which my brigade maintained their ground, though they were somewhat cut up in this position by the grape and shell of the enemy. Skirmishing was kept up on the 18th between our heavy picket force and the skirmishers of the enemy.

Where all behaved so gallantly, it is difficult to particularize in regard to the conduct of both officers and men, as all behaved courageously and nobly in this terrific contest of arms. I cannot refrain, however, from speaking of Captain Clark, of Battery E, Fourth Artillery, who did excellent service, and received four wounds during the day. First Lieutenant William L. Baker was killed in the engagement while his battery was doing great damage to the enemy.

I also take pleasure in saying that my staff officers rendered me all the assistance in their different departments that could be expected of them, and particularly Dr. Reber, in aiding the sick, wounded, and dying, and Lieutenant Hinkle, aide-de-camp, who was by my side at all times. In short, my whole command has given me entire satisfaction, and I feel proud to acknowledge this fact.

The loss in my brigade on the 17th and 18th was 35 killed, 154 wounded, 15 missing; total, 204.

Inclosed please find the names of all killed, wounded, and missing, and the regiments to which they belong.

All of which is respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

JAMES NAGLE,

Brigadier-General, First Brigadier, Second Div., Ninth Army Corps.

Brigadier General S. D. STURGIS.

No. 148. Reports of Brigadier General Edward Ferrero, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,Antietam, September 19, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on Sunday, 7th instant, according to your orders, my brigade marched from Washington; that

