
nition, but, firing every round they had in their boxes, they quietly placed themselves on the ground in their position, and remained until other regiments had formed in front to relieve them, when by my orders they retired in good order from the field, and again marched to the banks of the creek.

I cannot sufficiently comment the bravery of the troops of my command during these engagements. Both officers and men behaved with the greatest gallantry, and I cannot help expressing the pride I feel in commanding such valiant soldiers as they have proved themselves.

I have to mourn the loss in the last battle of Lieutenant-Colonel Bell, of the Fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, a gallant and efficient officer and amiable gentleman, killed at the stone bridge by a shell. Lieutenant-Colonel Carruth,of the Thirty-fifth Massachusetts, was slightly wounded.

I annex a list of killed, wounded, and missing, amounting to 95 killed, 371 wounded, 6 missing; total, 472. Loss in both engagements, 588.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

EDW. FERRERO,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General S. D. STURGIS.
HDQRS. FERRERO'S Brigadier, STURGIS' DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,Mouth of Antietam Creek, September 29, 1862.

GENERAL: In my report of the late battles I neglected to mention several officers particularly worthy of notice for their valuable service on the field:

Lieutenant G. H. McKibbin, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant A. F. Walcott and Lieutenant J. M. Hudson, aides, behaved with great gallantry and coolness during both actions. Captain Durell, commanding Battery A, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, is especially worthy of praise for the gallant and efficient serving of his battery.

I desire that the above be added to my report.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

EDW. FERRERO,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General S. D. STURGIS,

Commanding Second Division, Ninth Army Corps.

No. 149. Report of Colonel Harrison S. Fairchild, Eighty-ninth New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, of skirmish near Jefferson and battles of South Mountain and Antietam.]
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., September 23, 1862.

On Saturday morning, the 13th of September, 1862, I was ordered by General Rodman, commanding Third Division, to detail the Ninth New York Volunteers, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Kimball, to support Colonel R. H. Rush's regiment of lancers in the road from Frederick to Jefferson. Subsequently the remainder of the brigade, comprising the Eighty-ninth and One hundred and third New York Volun-

29 R R-VOL XIX, PT I

