
teers, and the battery company of the Ninth New York Volunteers, was ordered by General Parke, chief of staff, as an additional support to said regiment. On our arrival at the position held by the lancers and New York volunteers, we found that they had had a skirmish about 5 miles from Frederick.

It was reported that the enemy were in position in front with artillery and cavalry. Company B, of the Ninth New York Volunteers, was thrown forward to reconnoiter on the left, and reported the enemy as having left the position they had occupied the previous night with three guns and a small cavalry force, and the road clear.

Companies C and H, Captain Parisen and Lieutenant McKechnie, were sent to the right in the woods, who discovered, engaged, and drove the enemy's pickets across the fields toward Middletown, the lancers and the remainder of the Ninth York Volunteers advancing toward Jefferson. At the request of Colonel Rush, I detached two companies from the One hundred and third New York Volunteers to support the skirmishers of the Ninth, then in the woods on the right, and subsequently detached four companies, the balance of the One hundred and third, under the command of Major Ringold, to support Captain Haseltine's company of the lancers, who were skirmishing toward Middletown.

I took position on the hill 1 1\2 miles this side of Jefferson with the Eighty-ninth and the battery, formed line of battle, and remained in that position until sunset, when I received an order from General Reno to return with the brigade to Frederick, where we arrived at 7 o'clock of the same night, the enemy having retreated toward Middletown, followed by Captain Haseltine, of the lancers, and the four companies of the One hundred and third, under Major Ringold.

We received orders after our arrival at Frederick to be prepared to march the morning (Sunday) at 3 o'clock. In compliance with the same, we began our march, and arrived at Middletown about 10 o'clock a. m., where we bivouacked for a few hours, and then moved to South Mountain Gap, the four companies of the One hundred and third, under Major Ringold, having joined us at Middletown, where we were ordered to the left, and to form line of battle on General Cox's division, to support Battery E, Fourth Artillery.

While forming line of battle we were attacked on the left by the Second, Third, Thirteenth, and Thirtieth North Carolina Regiments, their object being to capture the battery, it having been in position some time without support. The Ninth and One hundred and third regiments were in line of battle ready for action. The Eighty-ninth immediately got into line and opened fire (being the only regiment engaged), with Battery E, Fourth Artillery. The enemy were repulsed, the left saved from being turned, and also the battery from being taken.

Our loss was 2 killed and 18 wounded. We captured 30 prisoners and 150 stand of arms, holding our position during the night, the enemy retreating, the One hundred and third having been thrown to the front of the line as pickets after the battle.

On the afternoon of the 15th we marched until late at night, and encamped a little beyond Mount Carmel. On the afternoon of the 16th we were ordered forward again, taking up a position on the hill in a corn-field on the eastern shore of Antietam Creek, this being the extreme left of the line. Placing two guns of the Ninth Battery in position on our left flank, we slept on our arms. The enemy having at daylight discovered our position, we were saluted by the bullets of their sharpshooters, who were stationed in the woods on the hill on the op-

