
Numbers 150 Report of Major Edward Jardine, commanding Eighty-ninth New York in fantry, First Brigade, Third Division, of colors captured at Antietam.HDQRS. EIGHTY-NINTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS., September 20, 1862.

SIR: Accompanying please find colors of the---- Regiment South Carolina Troops, taken in the engagement of the 17th instant at the stone wall on the front of the First Brigade, Third Division, by Private Thomas Hare, Company D, Eighty-ninth Regiment New York Volunteers, afterward killed. Respectfully, yours,E. JARDINE,

Major, Commanding Eighty-ninth Regiment New York Vols.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corp.

Numbers 151. Report of Colonel Edward Harland, Eighth Connecticut Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, of the battle of Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, RODMAN'S DIVISION,Mouth of Antietam Creek, Md., September 22, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of the Second Brigade, of General Rodman's division of the Ninth Army Corps, during the engagement with the enemy on the 17th instant:

About sunset on the 16th brigade was placed in line of battle by order of General Rodman on the left of Colonel Scammon's division, supported on the left by the First Brigade, of General Rodman's division. The line was formed behind a range of hills running nearly parallel with Antietam Creek and about one-quarter of a mile directly back from across the creek. Strong pickets were placed at the distance of 300 yards in front of the line, and in this position we remained until morning. At daylight the enemy commenced shelling the position, and as they had obtained the exact range our loss was considerable.

About 7 o'clock, in accordance with an ordered received from General Rodman, I moved the brigade into a position to the rear and to the left of the one formerly occupied, facing to the left the new line of battle forming nearly a right angle with the old one. In this position we remained between and two hours. Our next movement was a change of front formed on first battalion. This brought the line of battle in a position parallel to the one occupied at first, the right resting about 200 yards in the rear of the left. Shortly afterward i received orders from General Rodman to move the brigade, with the exception of the Eleventh Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, which was left to support a battery, to the left, forming a line of battle on the prolongation of the old line. I then sent out two companies of skirmishers from the Eighth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers to discover, if possible, a ford by which the creek could be crossed. After the ford was

