
Beach to change his front, so as to attack the enemy on the right flank. This change was effected, though with some difficulty, owing to the fact that the regiment had been in service but three weeks, and the impossibility of seeing but a small portion of the line at once.

Almost as soon as the change was effected, the right of the enemy's lines, which was concealed in the edge of the corn-field, opened fire. Our men returned the fire and advanced, but were forced to fall back. Colonel Beach rallied them and returned to the attack, but they were again driven back, this time out of the corn-field, beyond the fence. Here they were again rallied, but as it was impossible to see the enemy; and the men were under fire for the first time, they could not be held. The Eighth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, which had held their position until this time, now by order of Major Ward, commanding, moved more to the right, they were sheltered in a measure from the fire in front, and changed front, so as to reply to the enemy on the left. After a few rounds, as most of the men were out of ammunition, the order was given to fall back. On the road leading to the bridge I found part of the Eleventh Regiment Volunteers. At the brigade I collected the shattered remnants of the brigade of the brigade, in hopes of making a stand, but owing to the large loss of officers and the failure of ammunition, it was impossible to render the men of any material service. I therefore conducted the brigade across the bridge, and bivouacked for the night in front the position held by a portion of General Sykes' command.

Battery A, Fifth Artillery, was assigned to my brigade. General Rodman, however, assumed the immediate command the night before the action, and the battery did not report to me again until after the battle.

The regimental reports not being in, it is impossible to give a more detailed account of the movements of the different regiments composing the command.

I append a list of casualties, * with the strength of the brigade before going into action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HARLAND,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigadier, Third Div., Ninth Army Corps.

Captain CHARLES T. GARDNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 152. Report of Major J. Edward Ward, Eighth Connecticut Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Mouth of Antietam, Md., September 19, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the report of the proceedings of the Eight Regiment Connecticut Volunteers during the late engagement near Sharpsburg:

Lieutenant-Colonel Appelman having been wounded in the engagement, I am unable to state what orders he may have received, but can speak only from the time I took command. The Second Brigade, Third

