
a hero at the recent fight at Bull Run Bridge and at the battle of South Mountain. He met a her's death in the battle of the 17th of September.

I beg leave again to make honorable mention of the coolness and efficiency of Lieutenant Botsford and Kennedy, of my staff, feeling assured that all who were witnesses of their conduct will pronounce this mention well deserved.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel, Commanding Kanawha Division, Ninth Army Corps.

Captain G. M BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 156. Report of Colonel Hugh Ewing, Thirtieth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, KANAWHA DIVISION,Mouth of Antietam, Md., September 22, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit the reports of regimental commanders in my brigade relating to the 17th instant:

We crossed the ford of the Antietam under a shower of grape, and after being ;held under a trying fire from the enemy's batteries for some time, made order of Colonel Scammon, commanding division, a charge upon his advancing columns, and checked and held his largely superior force at bay until the battle ceased ont he ensuing day, and he was driven from the field. One of my aides, Lieutenant Furbay, the memory of whose gallantry and worth is written in the hearts of his comrades, was shot, by three balls, through the body. Another, Lieutenant Headington, had his horse killed under him. Lieutenant Duffield, who had been acting as my aide temporarily, was also killed, being twice shot. A soldier more conscientious in the discharge of every duty did not live.

The troops of the brigade behaved with gallantry. For details I have the honor to refer you to the accompanying reports of the commanders of regiments.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH EWING,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

R. P. KENNEDY,

Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Kanawha Division.

Numbers 157. Report of Captain James R. McMullin, First Ohio Battery, of the battle of South Mountain.

FIRST BATTERY OHIO ARTILLERY,

Camp in the Field, September 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit an outline report of the part taken by my battery in the engagement of the 14th instant:

In obedient to orders from you, my battery took position about half

