
way up South Mountain and to the National road, when I immediately engaged a six-gun battery of the enemy for some thirty-fire or forty minutes, when he opened another battery to the left of the first, the range being nearly or quite 1,700 yards. In about an hour the enemy's first battery was silenced. My guns then continued to play upon the enemy's second battery until late in the afternoon, when it was moved out of range.

About 11 o'clock, in obedient to an order from yourself, I sent one section, under command of First Lieutenant George L. Crome, to take position on the top of South Mountain, which Lieutenant Crome reached with difficulty, being compelled to move his pieces by manual force, and opened on the enemy, in position behind a stone wall, with canister at a distance of 40 yards. After expending four double rounds, Lieutenant Crome was struck in the breast with a musket-ball while engaged in loading one of this pieces, three of his cannoneers being wounded. The enemy was driven from his position, and the section remained on the field. Lieutenant Crome lived about two hours, when he expired. His loss is to be deeply regretted, for he was a brave and noble man, who at the first call of this country left the endearments of home for its defense. Yet it is a consolation to his friends and companions in arms to know that he died at his post in the discharge of more than his duty.

Lieutenants McClung Fair, and Channel (the latter on detached duty from the Twelfth Ohio Volunteers Infantry), and the men of my battery, all did their duty. Not a single exception came under my observation or to my hearing.

I am, colonel, with respect, your obedient servant,

J. R. McMULLIN,

Captain First Battery, Ohio Artillery.

Colonel E. P. SCAMMON,

Commanding Kanawha Division.

Numbers 158. Reports of Colonel Car B. White, Twelfth Ohio Infantry, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.
HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Battle-field, Summit of South Mountain, Md., September 14, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, after leaving our camp at Catoctin Creek this morning at 6 o'clock, we marched with the column to a point about half-way up the side of South Mountain, and some distance to the left of the National turnpike, from which point, in conformity with your order, we proceeded farther to the left and up the mountain through a pine wood, until within a quarter of a mile of the summit. Here we saw, about 300 yards in front, an infantry regiment of the enemy drawn up on the crest of the mountain. We opened fire and then charged forward. The enemy fled. leaving 15 to 20 dead and wounded, and we occupied his ground. Here it was found necessary to order the regiment to lie down, in order to screen the men from the fire of the enemy, and to give time for the Twenty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry to join our left, and the Thirty-sixth and Thirtieth to join our right. While these regiments were coming into position, a section of Captain McMullins' battery, under command of Lieutenant Crome, was advanced to our front, and did good service until the guns were silenced by the enemy's sharpshooters, posted in a thick wood in front. Lieutenant Crome was killed while loading a piece, and nearly all his men wounded.

