
The Thirty-sixth Ohio had now jomed us on the right and the Twenty-third Ohio on the left, when a general charge was ordered, in which my regiment gallantly dashed over the crest and into a thicket of laurel under a severe fire. In this charge we drove the enemy in great confusion and inflicted serious loss upon him, killing several with the bayonet. After pursuing about a quarter of a mile, I halted the regiment and lay some time under a sharp fire of canister and shell. Receiving your order to charge the enemy's battery, posted at a stone wall about 600 yards to our front and right, I moved the regiment forward through a dense laurel under a heavy fire, and gained the rear of the battery at a garden inclosed by a stone fence, where a severe fight ensued, in which we were completely successful. Here we captured one national color and two battle-flags. The ground was literally covered with the enemy's dead and wounded, while we took off the field about 200 prisoners, mostly Carolinians. The enemy escaped with his battery during the ;obstinate contest with the Caroline regiment.

I should fail to do justice to my gallant regiment were I to omit mentioning the efficient service rendered by Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Hines and Major E. M. Carey, the last of whom received a severe flesh wound in the thigh near the close of the action. To these gallant officers I am greatly indebted for assistance throughout the trying contests of the day. Nor must I fail to make honorable mention of Captain W. W. Liggett, of Company H, who fell mortally wounded while fighting at the head of his company and of Captain R. Wilson, who was wounded and captured, but managed to escape and take his captors. Of my adjutant, W. B. Nesbitt, and my sergeant-major, James h. Palmer, and, indeed, of every officer and every man of the Twelfth Ohio Regiment of Infantry, I can only say that they did their whole duty, and I only regret that the restricted limits of this report will not admit of a special mention by name.

Our loss, as might be expected from the desperate nature of the service performed, is unfortunately large, being about 35 killed, 100 wounded, and 30 missing.* This loss is from less than 500 men.

Respectfully submitted.

C. B. WHITE,

Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Ohio Volunteers.

Colonel E. P. SCAMMON,

Commanding Kanawha Division.
HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Camp at Mouth of Antietam Creek, Md., September 22, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the movements of the Twelfth Regiment Ohio Volunteers Infantry, under my command, in the late actions along the Antietam:

Late in the evening of the 16th of September the regiment was placed in line of battle on the Miller farm, to support Lieutenant Benjamin's battery. At 2 a. m. of the 17th I moved the regiment to the left and front of the bridge over Antietam, and in line with the Twenty-third and Thirtieth, and in supporting distance of McMullin's battery. We occupied this position from one to two hours, when we moved with the brigade, under command of Colonel Ewing, to a ford about 1 mile down the stream. While fording the stream the enemy opened on the column with artillery, fortunately inflicting but little injury. After crossing

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 187.

---------------

30 R R-VOL XIX. PT I

