
and advanced to meet him. The order was given to charge, and the regiment advanced to the ;charge in as good order as possible, through the thick woods into a corn-field. The enemy was behind the stone fence at the crest of the hill, five regiments, with one piece of artillery.

As soon as our approach was discovered, a deadly fire was opened from the enemy's whole line. Most of our loss occurred at this point. Colonel Hayes was wounded and carried off the field; also Captain Skiles, Company C; Lieutenant Naughton, Company F, slightly, and Lieutenant Hood, supposed mortally. I soon afterward received information that the enemy were flanking us on the left, and swung our line to face the new direction. About the same time you arrived with support, since which time the occurrences were under your own eye.

Our loss was 32 killed, 95 wounded, 3 missing; total, 130. Of the wounded are Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, 2 captains, and 5 lieutenants, all except one seriously.

Very respectfully,

Very respectfully,

J. M. COMLY,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel E. P. SCAMMON,

Commanding, &amp;c.
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,September 21, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I submit the part taken by this regiment in the charge of Wednesday evening near the stone bridge:

The Twenty-third Regiment occupied the right of the First Brigade, and advanced at double-quick as the charge was made up to the position where the halt was made. Soon after gaining our position, a heavy enfilading fire was opened upon our whole line, when I received orders from Colonel Ewing in person to change front perpendicularly to the rear, which was done. We were soon after relieved, and left the field.

The conduct of the officers and men was beyond praise. Captain Lovejoy, who commanded the left wing, was wounded early in the action and carried from the field. Captain Drake, of Company H, was wounded slightly. Color-Sergeant Armstrong was killed and Color-Corporal Morgan was badly wounded at about the time we reached our

first position.

Our loss in this affairs was much less than in the one of Sunday last.

Casualties have already been reported.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. COMLY,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant G. LOFLAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY.

Antietam Creek, Md., September 21, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with orders from Colonel Ewing, commanding brigade, I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of this regiment in the charge made on the evening of the 17th instant:

The Twenty-third Regiment was on the extreme right of the First Brigade, and advanced at double-quick as the charge was made, with the balance of the line, up to the stone fence, where the halt was

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement. p. 198.

---------------

