
Numbers 160. Report of Colonel Hugh Ewing, Thirtieth Ohio Infantry, of the battle of South Mountain.
HDQRS. THIRTIETH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY.

Battle-field, September 14, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with orders from Colonel Scammony, commanding, I moved at 10 a. m. with the Thirtieth Regiment to turn the enemy's left, and assist in taking the battery planted on the crest of the mountain. Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, in command of a heavy body of skirmishers, covered the advance of the column, and immediately began to drive in their outlying sentries. At the same time a battery on a spur to our right opened upon us a heavy fire of shell. We took possession if the crest halt or deployment, and formed line of battle to move upon the support in rear of the battery. At this moment the enemy developed himself in force on our right flank, and we changed front and increased and pushed our line of skirmishers against him. Soon he showed him-self in force passing down a lane in front, and in a moment opened a heavy fire from a thicket on our left, which we soon silenced. In five minutes he, having changed his battery 600 yards to our right front, sent in on us a hail of grape, and we fell a few yards back, under cover.

We lay here supporting a battery, which was soon sent up, until 5 o'clock when, supported on the right and left, under your orders we, with the entire line charged over the rise thickets to the cleared fields which lay before the battery, and in and beyond which, behind stone walls and in covers, lay the enemy's supports in heavy masses. Here a spirited engagement ensued, which was kept up with great animation until, our ammunition beginning to fail, the second line was ordered up, and we fell back slowly and in perfect order to our former position. The officers and men, under an unceasing fire of eight hours of musketry, grape, and shell, obeyed all orders with alacrity intelligence, and skill, and stood at the close under an excessive fire of musketry and grape with a hardihood which elicited the applause of all who saw them.

Lieutenant-Colonel Jones exposed himself repeatedly, and exhibited great judgment in carrying out the delicate duties assigned him.

Our killed, as so far handed in, is 21; wounded, 65.*

I have the honor be, sir, your obedient servant,HUGH EWING,

Colonel, Commanding Thirtieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

R. P. KENNEDY.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Kanawha Division.

Numbers 161. Report of Major George H. Hildt, Thirtieth Ohio Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. THIRTIETH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Camp Antietam, Md. September 20, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to your order, I have the honor to submit the

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 187.

---------------

