
companies except A and B, as the men found great difficulty in loading their pieces after the fifth round, and could scarcely ram their balls home.

A report of the killed, wounded, and missing in both battles has already been given.

With much respect, I am your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. HILDT,

Major, Commanding Thirtieth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel HUGH EWING,

Commanding First Brigade, Kanawha Division.

Numbers 162. Reports of Colonel George Crook, Thirty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, KANAWHA DIVISION,Mouth of Antietam Creek, Md., September 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Second Brigade, Kanawha Division, in the battle of South Mountain, on the 14th instant:

This brigade, consisting of the Eleventh, Twenty-eighth, and Thirty-sixth Regiments Ohio Volunteers, arrived on their south slope the mountain just after the First Brigade of the same division had dispossessed the enemy of it, when I was informed the enemy were trying to flank us on the left. I at once detached the Eleventh Regiment in that direction as skirmishers, forming the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-sixth Regiments in rear of the First Brigade as reserve. I was then ordered by the general commanding to sent the Thirty-sixth Regiment to the right of the First Brigade, to help drive the enemy by a charge from the crest of the hills, which was done, the regiment making a gallant charge; this regiment again fell to the rear as reserves. The Twenty-eighth Regiment was sent tot he right and front, participating in the charge of the division in the evening, the Eleventh Regiment being detached from my command at the second charge, and did not join me until after the battle. All under my command, so far as I know, behaved nobly.

The following is a list of the killed, wounded, and missing of the brigade: Eleventh Regiment-7 killed, 34 wounded, 3 missing; Twenty-eight Regiment-3 killed, 12 wounded; Thirty-sixth Regiment-7 killed, 18 wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Kanawha Division.

R. P. KENNEDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Kanawha Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, KANAWHA DIVISION,Mouth of Antietam Creek, September 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor the report that on the morning of the 17th instant I received orders from the general commanding corps to cross the bridge over Antietam Creek after General Sturgis had taken the

