
bridge; but upon my arrival in the vicinity of the bridge I found that General Sturgis' commanding had not arrive; so I sent the Eleventh Regiment ahead as skirmishers in the direction of the bridge, and conducted the Twenty-eighth Regiment above the bridge to reconnoiter the enemy's position, leaving the Thirty-sixth Regiment as reserve. After a labor of two hours, I succeeded in establishing two pieces of Simmonds' battery in a position to command the bridge and getting five companies of the Twenty-eighth across the stream. I then intended taking the bridge with the Thirty-sixth Regiment, but soon after my battery opened on the bridge General Sturgis' command crossed the bridge. The brigade also participated in the charge on the enemy.

I regret to have to report the death of Lieutenant-Coleman, of the Eleventh. These gallant officers fell while gallantly leading their men.

The following is a list of the killed, wounded, and missing during the engagement, viz: Eleventh Regiment-4 killed, 12 wounded, and 5 missing; Twenty-eighth Regiment-1 killed, and 19 wounded; Thirty sixth Regiment-3 killed and 21 wounded. Total, killed, 8; wounded 52, and missing, 5.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient, servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Kanawha division.

Lieutenant KENNEDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Kanawha Division.

Numbers 163. Reports of Major Lyman J. Jackson, Elevent Ohio Infantry, of the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Antietam Creek, Md., September 20, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report part taken by the Eleventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry at the engagement of the 14th instant on South Mountain, Md., Lieutenant Colonel A. H. Coleman, since deceased, being then in command:

The First Brigade made the advance up the hill. After our ascent to the open field on the principal batteries of the enemy, we were ordered to skirmish the woods beyond the field. The right wing, under Lieutenant-Coleman, deployed and advanced, and, on reaching within a few rods of the woods, a heavy fire of musketry was opened in his rear and to the right from the enemy in the woods and behind a stone wall. We moved rapidly forward to the protection of the woods, suffering heavily from their fire until a charge from two other regiments of our division drove them away.

We then fell back to the hill-side int he open fields, where we were out of reach of their guns, and remained here with the rest of our brigade until and advance was made against the enemy by the Pennsylvania and Rhode Island troops on our right. We then, in conjunction with them and the others troops of our division, amide a bayonet charge thought the woods on the battery and over the stone fences held by the enemy, driving them from it with fearful slaughter.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 198.

---------------

