
whole engagement. It is the more creditable, because the death of a commanding officer would naturally tend to weaken confidence and diminish courage.

Captain J. B. Weller was wounded at the time Lieutenant-Colonel Coleman was killed, which left his company without a commissioned officer. Companies A, E, and were without officers, and yet the men did their duty well.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

LYMAN J. JACKSON,

Major, Commanding Eleventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding Second Brigade, Kanawha Division.

Numbers 164. Report of Brigadier General Alphens S. Williams, U. S. Army, commanding Twelfth Army Corps, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. TWELFTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Sandy Hook, Md., September 29, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this corps in the recent action near Sharpsburg, Md., on the 17th instant:

Two day before the action, Brigadier-General Mansfield, u. S. Army assumed command of the corps while in bivouac in the South Mountain Pass. The composition and organization of the corps was then as follows:

First Division, Brigadier General A. S. Williams commanding.

First Brigade, Brigadier General S. W. Crawford commanding: Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers col. J. F. Knope commanding; Tenth Maine Volunteers, Colonel G. L. Beal commanding; Fifth Connecticut Volunteers, Captain H. W. Daboll commanding (detached and not in action); Twenty-eight New York Volunteers, Captain W. H. H. Mapes commanding; One hundred and twenty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel J. W. Hawley commanding; One hundred and twenty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel J. Higgins commanding; One hundred and twenty-eight Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel S. Croasdale commanding.

Third Brigade, Brigadier General George H. Gordon commanding:third Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel T. H. Ruger commanding; Second Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel G. L. Andrews commanding; Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, Colonel S. Colgrove commanding; One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, Colonel R. B. Van Valkenburth commanding; Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers, Colonel E. A. Carman commanding.

Second Division, Brigadier General George S. Grene commanding.

First Brigade, Lieutenant-Colonel Tyndale commanding: Twenty eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Major Pardee commanding; Seventh Ohio Volunteers, Major O. J. Crane commanding; Fifth Ohio Volunteers, Major J. Collins commanding; Sixty sixth Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel E. Powell commanding; Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant T. S. Winship commanding (detached and not in action).

