
enroll Colonel Goodrich, Sixtieth New York, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, killed; Colonel Croasdale, of One hundred and twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, killed; Lieutenant-Colonel Dwight, of Second Massachusetts Volunteers mortally wounded. Other names on gallant dead, of subordinate rank with fitting tributes from their immediate commanders, will be found in the reports forwarded herewith. Brigadier General Crawford, who succeeded me to the command of the First Division on the fall of General Mansfield, was wounded near the close of the action, but not so severely as to oblige him to leave the field.

Colonel Ruger, Third Wisconsin Volunteers; Colonel Hawley, One hundred and twenty-fourth Pennsylvania; Colonel Beal, Tenth Maine; Lieutenant-Colonel Powell, Sixty-sixth Ohio; Lieutenant Colonel Tyndale, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania; Lieutenant-Colonel Hammersly, One hundred and twenty-eighth Pennsylvania, and Major Maginnis, Third Delaware, were wounded.

The officers commanding divisions and brigades (Brigadier-Generals Greene, Crawford, and Gordon, and Colonels Knipe, Ruger, and Stainrook, and Lieutenant-Colonels Tyndale and Brundage) were active and constant in the discharge of their responsible duties, and merit more than this feeble acknowledgement.

My personal staff present, Captain Best, Fourth Artillery, chief of artillery; First Lieutenant S. E. Pittman, aide and acting assistant adjutant general, and Captain Morgan, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania, division provost-marshal and acting aide, discharged their arduous duties faithfully and capably, and I beg leave to recommend them to the favorable consideration of the major-general commanding.

Surgeon Antisell, medical director of First Division, are entitled to high commendation for their excellent preparations made for the wounded, and their faithful attention to them at the hospital depots.

I forward such subordinate reports as have been received and respectfully refer to them for the commendations due to individuals and commands. The report of Brigadier-General Crawford, commanding First Division (absent, wounded), and other officers of his command have not been sent in.

I have the honor to be, colonel, with much respect, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Addenda.]

Itinerary of the Twelfth Army Corps, September 1-November 30, 1862.

FIRST DIVISION.

September 1, division moved from Bull Run and encamped near Fairfax.

September 2, moved toward Alexandria, Va., arriving on the morning of the 3rd instant, and halted outside the city.

September 3, moved to Georgetown, D. C., and bivouacked in rear of Fort Richardson.

