
temporarily detached at Frederick, Md., doing provost duty, by order of General McClellan. The Forty-sixth Pennsylvania stationed on Maryland Heights, and employed on picket duty and upon fortifications. The Tenth Maine Volunteers stationed at Berlin, Md., doing picket duty along the Potomac. The one hundred and twenty-eighth Pennsylvania stationed on Maryland Heights, on picket duty and upon fortifications. The Sixth Volunteers assigned to the brigade by Special Orders, Numbers 12, Headquarters Twelfth Corps, November 3, 1862, and the entire regiment has since been employed on fortifications. The Twentieth Connecticut and hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, of the Second Brigade, moved from Loudoun Heights to Keys' Ford, on the Shenandoah, November 3; thence to Keys' Gap, November 4; from thence to Loudoun Valley on the 8th, where they rejoined the remained of the brigade.

SECOND DIVISION.

September 1, division left Bull run, and took up the line of march for Fairfax, encamping at the forks of the road.

September 2, marched toward Alexandria, halting near Fort Worth.

September 3, marched beyond Alexandria, and halted in the rear of Fort Richardson.

September 4, marched through Georgetown, and encamped near Tennallytown.

September 5, marched through Tennallytown, and encamped near Rockville.

September 6, moved up and took position in line which had been formed about 2 1/2 miles from Rockville.

September 9, marched to Middlebrook.

September 10, marched toward Damascus, and encamped within 2 miles of that place.

September 11, moved on to Damascus.

September 12, took up line of march toward Frederick, gaining 7 miles, and encamped.

September 13, crossed the Monacacy River and encamped near Frederick.

September 14, marched toward the South Mountain, encamping near there.

September 15, passed through Boonsborough and halted near Sharpsburg, encamping.

September 16, at night, moved up and took position on the left of General Mansfield's corps, on the rift of General Mansfield's corps, on the right of the line of battle.

September 17, engaged in the battle of Antietam.

September 19, marched in the direction of Harper's Ferry, Va., being on the road all might, and arrived near Sandy Hook, Md., at 3 p. m., on the 20th.

September 22, took position on Loudoun Heights, Va., where the division lay until the end of the month.

Pursuant to General Orders, Numbers 5, Headquarters Twelfth Army Corps, October 26, the One hundred and fortieth, one hundred and forty fifth, One hundred and thirty-seventh, and one hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers were transferred from the First to the Second Division; the Sixtieth New York Volunteers, Third Delaware Volunteers, and the Purnell Legion from the Third to the Second Brigade of this division;

