
nel Hammersley, of the same regiment, severely wounded. The One hundred and twenty-fifth Pennsylvania, Colonel Higgins, in the general movement had pushed on into the woods beyond our lines, and had become seriously engaged with the enemy while much exposed, but returned in good order with great loss to our lines.

Shortly before our movement, Major-General Hooker had come to examine my position,and 1 received orders from him to hold the woods (Miller's) at all hazards, as otherwise the right of the army would be seriously imperiled. General Mansfield, the corps commander, had been mortally wounded, and was borne past my position to the rear. Shortly afterward I received an order from a staff officer of Brigadier-General Williams to assume command of the First Division, he having assumed command of the corps. Sending orders to Colonel Knipe, of the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania, the senior colonel of my brigade, to assume command at once of the brigade, I rode forward to find the Third Brigade (Gordon's) which had moved into action on the center of our line, and had been gallantly pushing the enemy before it. Our line had driven the enemy from Miller woods across the wheat-fields into the woods beyond the Dunkard Church and Hagerstown road. A line wooden fence which skirted the road had proved a very serious obstacle to our farther advance. The regiments of the Third Brigade had become separated. In the absence of the brigade commander, I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews, commanding the Second Massachusetts, to maintain his position until the line could be formed.

It was nearly 9 o'clock. The enemy had brought up his reserves, and was contesting the possession of the woods around the Dunkard Church and the Hagerstown road, when Major-General Summer arrived on the field with his corps. Immediately the division of General Sedgwick was deployed, and I received orders to withdraw the troops of my division to the woods held in the morning, to rest my troops and replenish their exhausted ammunition. Meantime Sedgwick's division moved forward promptly upon the enemy's position, but, unable to dislodge the enemy gave way under the attack and were falling back, when I received orders from Brigadier-General Williams to move forward all my available troops to the support of our troops to the support of our troops under Sedgwick. The Third Brigade had received direct orders from the corps commander, and had moved gallantly forward, but under the severe fire had been compelled to fall back. While endeavoring to rally part of this command, I received a gunshot wound in the right thigh, but I did not at the time consider it sufficiently severe to leave my command, and I remained until night.

Our whole line now retired to the position occupied in the morning and my exhausted command held the woods known as the "Miller woods," the Third Brigade in the rear and left. A section of a battery under Lieutenant Thomas, and also Knap's Pennsylvania battery, were stationed at the point of these woods upon a road running across toward the Dunkard Church. The enemy continued his fire upon the woods, and at noon advanced his infantry to take possession of them. Being present with the batteries mentioned, I assumed the control, and sent back a staff officer (Captain d'Hauteville) to hasten to their support any infantry he might find. Major General Franklin arriving with his corps, I indicated to him the position and movement of the enemy, when, by the prompt

movement of Major-General Smith's command, and the effective fire of the batteries the enemy was repulsed and driven back to his lines, and made no further attempt on the right of our line. In obedience to the orders of the corps commander I directed Brigadier

