
I was in the immediate rear of the battery at the time with my colors and a few more men than its guard, when I was requested by some general, to me unknown, to form a rallying point for our retreating regiments. I was successful so far as to get the One hundred and seventh New York to form on my flank, and believe that it was this show of front that saved the guns from the enemy's hands. Fresh troops having arrived on the ground, I ordered my men to retire to the position they marched from in the morning, where they were joined by the twenty-eight Pennsylvania Volunteers.

It was shortly after this and late in the afternoon that I was advised of the wounding of Brigadier-General Crawford, and ordered, in consequence, to take command of the brigade. Ordering my own and the three regiments last named to remain where they were, I hastened to the front to look out the whereabouts of the One hundred and twenty-fourth and One hundred and twenty-fifth Pennsylvania Regiments. I found them in the woods where our first line of battle been formed, and, by order of Major-General Franklin, whose corps then formed our advance line placed the two regiments to the rear of his center, where they bivouacked for the night.

In concluding this report, I would remark that the delay in sending it forward has been occasioned partly by the inexperience of some of the colonels commanding new regiments, recently added to the brigade, and party to the doubt I entertained as to my duty in the premises, not having assumed command until a late your in the day, and occupying but a subordinate position during the battle. For the same reasons it is impossible for me to mention by name the officers who most distinguished themselves by their gallantry on this hotly contested field other than those under my immediate command. Of my own regiment (the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers) I can cheerfully bear testimony to the bearing of Lieutenant-Colonel Selfridge. He displayed coolness and a bravery that distinguished the true soldier, and is worthy of promotion. Captain George A. Brooks fell, pierced by a bullet through of promotion. Captain George A. Brooks fell,pierced by a bullet through the brain, while gallantly leading his men into the very thickest of the fight. The country has lost no better man, nor one more devotedly attached to its cause than he.

A list of the casualties has already been forwarded.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. F. KNIPE,

Colonel Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain H. B. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

Numbers 169. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James S. Fillebrown, Tenth Maine Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH MAINE REGIMENT,Maryland Heights, September 25, 1862.

COLONEL: In the absence of Colonel Beal, who is away on account of wounds, and the illness of Major Walker, it devolves upon me to forward a report of the acts performed by the Tenth Maine Regiment in

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 198.

---------------

