
the recent engagement with the enemy near Sharpsburg, Md., on nesday, September 17, 1862, and which is respectfully, submitted.

The regiment went on to the field in column by division, closed in mass on first division, right in front, and was ordered to deploy while under fire, by General Mansfield, the only general officer present, to the left of the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and, before we were in line, had some few men killed or wounded. Before we received orders to commence firing, we were obliged to obliged to the left the length of our regiment, and at once commenced the engagement with a regiment of the enemy, which afterward proved to be the Twentieth Georgia. The men went into the woods some few rods, when I was knocked from my horse by Colonel Beal's horse, which had been twice mortally wounded, and, returning, gave me a severe kick in the stomach, entirely disabling me for three days. Colonel Beal received a shot, after his horse was twice wounded, in the legs, passing through one and entering the other slightly. Leaving the field at so early a stage of the fight, I am unable to give a more exact detail of the subsequent proceedings, but our officers are uniform in ascribing to their men may acts of coolness and personal courage, conspicuous among them being Corpl. Reuben Viel, of Company K, who, with other men, rushed upon the enemy, and took, among other prisoners, the colonel and a second lieutenant of the Twentieth Georgia Regiment, and after conducting them to the rear, again returned to the contest,where they remained till after the regiment had exhausted its ammunition, and being relieved by General Greene's command, was ordered to retire.

A list of casualties has already been forwarded to brigade headquarters, and recent returns of company reports prove it to have been nearly correct.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

J. S. FILLEBROWN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tenth Maine Regiment.

Colonel J. F. KNIPE,

Forty-sixth Pa. Vols., Commanding First Brigadier, Banks' Army Corps.

Numbers 170. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James L. Selfridge, Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. FORTY-SIXTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Camp near Sandy Hook, Md., September 22, 1862.

Colonel Knipe having been assigned to the command of the brigade, it becomes my duty, as second in command, to report the part taken by the Forty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the action of the 17th instant near Sharpsburg, Md.

By order of Brigadier-General Mansfield, temporarily commanding the corps, the regiment was ordered to advance to the front about 5.30

o'clock a. m., and was marched into the woods, immediately fronting the position on the enemy, in column of companies, where they were deployed by order of Colonel Knipe into line of battle, and opened a lively fire of musketry upon the enemy. This position was maintained for upward of an hour, the enemy obstinately holding his ground in a corn-field fronting the woods, when Colonel Knipe ordered the regiments to advance. This order was obeyed with alacrity, the regiment advancing to the edge of the field occupied by the enemy, and pouring into their ranks at every step fire so well directed that, if well supported, would have

