
Volunteers, commanded by Colonel Joseph W. Hawley, was ordered to the front about 7 o'clock. On reaching the extreme edge of the wood on the east of the corn-field, our line was formed and stationed in a position behind the fence. We were then ordered to advance, a portion of our right extending across the road and beyond the grain-stacks. We were led in line into the corn-field about 20 paces, and ordered to halt, as we could not distinguish our own troops. It was here our colonel was wounded. We were then ordered to fall back to the edge to fall back to the edge of the corn field and take position behind the fence, which was done in good order. We were again ordered to advance, when the right, advancing about 100 yards, received a raking fire from the enemy in the woods, which was responded to by repeated volleys from our men, but the fire from our left and the battery of the enemy ont he right compelled us to again fall back to the stacks. A battery now planted on the hill between the wood and the corn-field and opposite the stacks, this portion of our right was ordered to its support. The balance of the regiment followed up the advance through the corn-field, making many successful charges upon the enemy, until they were also ordered back to the support of the battery.

The enemy's battery being silenced at this point, our regiment was ordered to the rear by General Hancock, with instructions to hold ourselves in readiness to support the batteries on the right.

Receiving no further orders, we remained in our position with the One hundred and twenty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers during the night.

I am, yours, very respectfully,

I. L. HALDEMAN,

Major One hundred and twenty-fourth Regiment Pa. Vols.

Colonel J. F. KNIPE,

Commanding First Brigade, First Division, Banks' Corps.

Numbers 172. Report of Colonel Jacob Higgins, One hundred and twenty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY-FIFTH PA. VOLS.,Camp near Sandy Hook, Md., September 22, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the part taken by my regiment in the action near Sharpsburg on the 17th of September, 1862.

I was ordered by General Crawford to advance in close column, at daylight, through some fields to a piece of woods where there was heavy firing at that time going on. I was then ordered into the woods and then back again by General Crawford, then to throw out skirmishers and again advance through the woods until I reached the other side of the timber, and then deploy in line of battle and advance through the fields and there halt. At this place my command was exposed a most terrific fire of musketry, shot and shell. I then fell back a few rods, by order of General Crawford, where I remained some minutes, and was again ordered forward to the crest of a hill, which I was to hold.

At this time some colonel, whose name I do not know, told me that his troops were falling back for want of ammunition, and asked me to advance to his support. I immediately reported this to General Crawford, who ordered me to advance at once. I gave the command, and

