
valuable assistance rendered myself and the officers under me after the fall of Colonel Croasdale.

I have sent in a report of the casualties.*

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOEL B. WANNER,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel J. F. KNIPE,

Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 174. Report of Brigadier General George H. Gordon, U. S. Army commanding Third Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. 1ST DIV., General WILLIAMS' (LATE BANKS') CORPS,Maryland Heights, September 24, 1862.

SIR: In conformity with orders emanating from headquarters of the corps, I have the honor to report upon the part taken by my brigade, the Third of the First Division of your corps, in the recent battle of Antietam, near Sharpsburg, on the 17th instant:

The enemy, routed at passes of the South Mountain on the 14th, were rapidly pursued and brought to a stand near Sharpsburg, on the westerly side of Antietam Creek, on the 16th instant. Massed in rear of our forces, drawn up in line of battle under General McClellan this corps, remaining inactive during the day, was moved on the night of the 16th and morning of the 17th to the right of our line to strengthen General Hooker, who had at noon of the 16th crossed the creek and engaged the enemy's advance.

Just after the break of day we were aroused from a brief slumber by sharp firing of musketry in front of General Hooker's position. The corps, then commanded by the lamented General Mansfield, was by that officers immediately put in motion. My brigade, formed in columns of battalions closed in mass, I directed toward a battery which I was ordered to support, but before reaching the same I received a counter madding order to move forward with all possible dispatch to the support of General Hooker, then severely pressed. I move accordingly my played masses by the flank at double-quick gaining deployment distance, thus throwing, thus throwing forward in line of battle on the right the Second Massachusetts Regiment, Colonel Andrews; in the center the Third Wisconsin, Colonel Ruger; on the left the Twenty-seventh Indiana, Colonel Colgrove. The One hundred and seventh New York Regiment, Colonel Van Valkenburgh, I held in reserve, throwing them into to edge of a piece of woods on the left, which I was informed by an aide of General Hooker, who met me advancing, was to be held at all hazards. The only remaining regiment of my brigade, the Thirteenth New Jersey, I had, by direction of General Mansfield, thrown into the edge of a piece of woods behind my first position as a reserve. This regiment remained as posted during the deployment of my line and the posting of the One hundred and seventh New York.

While moving forward the three regiments referred to, an aide of General Hooker's galloping rapidly toward my command, begged me to hurry forward. It was apparent, from the steady approach of the sound

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 198.

---------------

