
of dead to mark where stood the living. Fields of corn were trampled into shreds, forests were battered and scathed, huge limbs sent crashing to the earth, rent by shell or round shot. Grape and canister mingled their hissing scream in this hellish carnival all this and through it all the patriots of the North wrestled with hearts strong and nerve unshaken-wrested with the rebel hordes than thronged and pressed upon them as to destruction; never yielding, thorough sometimes halting to gather up their strength; then with one mighty bound throwing themselves upon their foes, to drive them into their protecting forest beyond. We slept upon the bloody field of our victory.

I cannot too highly praise the conduct of my brigade of regiments, old and new. The Second Massachusetts, Colonel Andrews; the Third Wisconsin, Colonel Ruger; the Twenty-seventh Indiana, Colonel Colgrove of Winchester and Cedar Mountain, they can add to their laurels the battle of Antietam Creek. In this battle, I believe unparalleled in this was in severity and duration, from sunrise to sunset ever under fire, at times very severely, never free from musketry or artillery, officers and men behaved with most praiseworthy in tepidity and coolness. The One hundred and seventh New York, Colonel van Valkenburgh and the Thirteenth New Jersey, Colonel Carman, being new troops, might well stand appalled at such exposure, but they did not flinch in the discharge of their duties. I have no words but those of praise for their conduct. They ;fought like veteran soldiers, and stood shoulder to shoulder with those who had borne the brunt of war on the Peninsula, in the Shenandoah Valley, and from Fort Royal to the rapidan. They were led by those who inspired them with courage, and they flowed with a determination to conquer or die. If I make special mention of the One hundred and seventh New York Volunteers, of my brigade, it is that I may speak of its colonel and lieutenant-colonel, Colonel Van Valkenburgh and Lieutenant-Colonel Diven, both of whom members of the present Congress, have left their Congressional duties to organize and bring into the field this fine regiment for their country's service. The example of these gentlemen, leading their men into the fight, cheering them onward, themselves thoughtless of exposure, prominent in the advance, bearing extraordinary fatigues without a murmur, shows a willingness to sacrifice their comfort and their live for their country. Let others of our prominent men do as they have done, are doing, and the rank and file of our country will throng to follow such earnest leaders.

I owe especial thanks to the Honorable Charles R. Train, who volunteered his services on my staff at a time when fatiguing labor and most arduous service had deprived me of all my aides save one officer. This gentleman also has shown his willingness to lay down his life in his country's cause. the invasion of the loyal North called him from his Congressional duties his home at a moment's notice. No fatigues, though excessive, no danger, though most perilous, deterred him from moving forward whenever he could render assistance in beating back the invading foe.

To capt. Charles Wheaten, jr., my aide, I am again indebted for valuable services, ever exposed and ever ready to move cheerfully into dangers, at a time when I was deprived of the valuable services of my adjutant-general, Captain H. B. Scott, who was worn out by fatigue and exposure in the Army of the Potomac.

I cannot close this report without a recognition of the valor of the rank and file of my command. Every soldier, commissioned, non-commissioned, and private, deserves a nation's thanks. I carried into action,

32 R R-VOL XIX, PT I

