
in officers and enlisted men, about 2210. My losses are as follows: 72 killed, 548 wounded, and 29 missing.*

I inclose, with my own, detailed reports from colonels of regiments showing the services by them and their commands performed on this eventful day, as well as a list of killed, wounded, and missing, by name.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier General, Comd. First Div. Twelfth (late Banks') Corps.

General ALPHEUS S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Twelfth Corps.

Numbers 175. Report of col. Silas Colgrove, Twenty-seventh Indiana Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLS.

September 22, 1862.

SIR: I be leave to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment (Twenty-seventh Indiana Volunteers) in the action of the 17 the instant, near Sharpsburg, Md.:

About sunrise int he morning I received orders to get my regiment under arms. I immediately formed my regiment in column by battalions closed in mass, right in front. The brigade was promptly moved to the front, the Second Massachusetts occupying the right, the Third Wisconsin second, my regiment third, the One hundred and seventh New York fourth, and the Thirteenth New Jersey the left or rear. In this position the brigade was moved forward, I should judge, a distance of two-thirds of a mile. At this point, as by this time the action had become general and severe on our left your direction, the brigade was immediately to the left. The Second Massachusetts, Third Wisconsin, and Twenty-seventh Indiana Regiments move to a point designated by you, formed their line of battle on a swell of ground immediately in front of a corn-field, in which the battle had been raging for some time. Our troops in the corn-field, a part of General Hooker's division, had been badly cut up, and were slowly retreating. When we first gained our position, the corn-field or nearly all of it, was occupied by the enemy. This field was on a low piece of ground, the corn very heavy and serving to some to screen the enemy from view, yet the colors and battle-flags of several regiments appearing above the corn clearly indicated the advance of the enemy in force. Immediately in front or beyond the corn-field, upon open ground at a distance of about 400 yards,were three regiments in line of battle and farther to the right, on a high ridge of ground, was still another regiment in line diagonally to our line. When we first took our position it was impossible to immediately open fire upon the enemy without firing into our own troops, who were retreating out of the corn-field. As soon as these troops had field past my left, I immediately ordered my regiment to fire, which was done in good order. The firing was very heavy on both sides, and must have continued for more than two hours without any change of position on either side. It was very evident from the firing that the enemy was greatly superior in numbers at this point. the only force during this time place engaged was the tree old regiments of

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 199.

---------------

