
position, with some unimportant changes, was retained until evening, when the regiment, with the rest of the brigade, was ordered forward opposite the left of the wood held by the enemy, to support our batteries. Here it remained until the next morning.

Too much praise cannot be given to the officers and men of the regiment for their bravery and steadiness under the fire of the enemy, and for their general good conduct throughout the day. I would include in this commendation to this regiment; their only remaining officer was attendants and the detachment of recruits detailed to take care of the wounded, rendered most efficient service. Although there was little opportunity for individuals to distinguish themselves, yet several of the non-commissioned officers and privates were conspicuous for bravery,coolness, and good conduct in action. They will be properly noticed.

I have to lament the loss of Lieutenant Colonel Wilder Dwight, who fell, mortally wounded, at the lane above mentioned, while displaying his usual coolness and courage under the fire of the enemy. The loss of but he has added another bright name to the glorious list of brave and noble men who have freely given their lives in the cause of their county. Captain Francis and Lieutenants Crowninshield and Mills were wounded, the latter severely. Of non-commissioned officers and privates, 12 were killed, 51 wounded, and missing. Of the company of Zouaves d'Afrique, 3 were wounded, 1 of whom is missing.

I inclose the list of killed, wounded, and missing, called for by orders from division headquarters.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE L. ANDREWS,

Colonel Second Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. GORDON,

Commanding First Division, Banks' Army Corps.

No. 177.

Report of Colonel Eyra A. Carman, Thirteenth New Jersey Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLS.,Camp on Maryland Heights, September 24, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor of reporting the part performed by my command in the action at Antietam Creek, near Sharpsburg, on Wednesday, September 17, 1862:

At daybreak on the morning of that day I was ordered to advance with the brigade to the support of General Hooker's corps, then hotly pressed by the enemy. Advancing in brigade line, I formed to the right of the One hundred and seventh New York, where we were exposed for a few minutes to a very heavy artillery fire. I was then ordered by General gordon to advance thought the corn-field on the right across the road and down into a thick wood to support General Sumner's corps. Advancing through the corn-field up to the road, I was fired into by the enemy, who had driven General Sumner's corps from

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 198.

---------------

