
the wood. Seeing that my whole command would be annihilated if I advanced, and knowing that General Sumner's corps had been driven from the wood, I formed my line was heavy, and after a stand of a few minutes I was obliged to retire. I report, with regret, the loss of a gallant officers at this place, Captain H. C. Irish, of Company K, who fell at the head of his company while directing their fire.

After retiring about 200 yards to the rear and reforming my command, I was ordered to support General Greene's brigade, then in possession of the wood near the school-house, but heavily pressed by a superior force of the enemy. I advanced to this position formed on the right of General Greene's brigade, and engaged the enemy for an hour. Being flanked on the right, the whole brigade was obliged to retire, which they did in very good order, followed by the enemy for a short distance. The farther pursuit of the enemy was checked by the rapid and effective fire of the battery attached to this brigade, under command of Captain Cochran. I again formed my command in line, waiting for an attack or an order to advance, but was not again called on.

I mention with pleasure the heroic conduct of James Kilroy, private in Company G, of this regiment, who, when the color-bearer was disabled, volunteered to carry the honored emblem, and did so always pressing forward until severely wounded. I append a list of my killed, wounded, and missing.*

I am, yours, truly,

E. A. CARMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 178. Report of Colonel Robert B. Van Valkenburgh, One hundred and seventh New York Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND SEVENTH Regiment N. Y. VOLS.,Near Maryland Heights, September 21, 1862.

GENERAL: On the morning of the 17th instant we were formed in line of battle, under your immediate supervision, in the corn-field, nearly opposite to the woods which were then in the possession of the rebels. After being thus formed we were moved by the left flank into the woods upon the left of the corn-field, and directly in front of the above-mentioned woods. These we were directed to hold at all hazards. Soon, however, the enemy gave way in front, and by your direction my command charged across the intervening plowed field at double-quick, passing entirely through the narrow belt of woods which had been the scene of conflict, and reached the lane and fence upon the opposite side. During the whole time we had been under constant fire, and as we crossed the belt of woods were under a perfect hail-storm of shell, round shot, and musketry. We were then ordered to shield ourselves from the enemy's fire by lying down near the fence. While here we lost a number of our men in killed and wounded.

In about an hour we received and order from you to retire into the

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 198.

---------------

