
and under whose fire we were placed, having 2 wounded while we were in column, I immediately deployed my regiment, and two high fences were a serious obstacle to my deploying to the left. I formed in line of battle, moving to the right. I observed that the Seventh Ohio had formed line in a similar manner, and I immediately attached my regiment on the left of the Seventh Ohio, and together we moved toward the right of the line that the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania were forming, which brought us immediately in front of a line of the enemy drawn up along a fence, in the edge of a corn-field. We immediately opened fire upon the enemy, who soon broke. We advanced, firing, in connection with the other regiments composing the First Brigade.

The retreat of this line of the enemy soon became a rout. My regiment took a number of prisoners, who were sent to the rear. The regiment moved rapidly forward and formed, with the rest f the brigade, under shelter of a small knoll, directly in front of the church on the Sharpsburg road. This regiment assisted in repulsing the several attacks made by the enemy to drive us from this position, and in their last attack I was wounded by a musket-shot along the cheek and neck, which disabled me from remaining on the field the rest of the day.

From the report of the acting adjutant of the regiment, we went into action 120 strong, and this small force acted as efficiently as it was possible for it to do. I had but two commissioned officers with me in the action, Lieutenants Smith and Yagel, both of whom escaped unhurt.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EUGENE POWELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Sixty-sixth Ohio Vols., Commanding Regiment.

Major O. J. CRANE,

Commanding First Brigadier, Second Div., Second Corps, Army of Va.

Numbers 185. Report of Major William Raphael, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Bolivar Heights, Va., September 23, 1862.

MAJOR: On the morning of the 17th september, 1862 the regiment, under command of Major Ario Pardee, jr. in compliance with orders from Brigadier-General Greene, commanding Second Division, Second Corps, advanced in line of battle upon the enemy's center, at 6 o'clock. After severe fighting through a thick wood in which the enemy was concealed, we completely routed them, strewing the ground with their dead and wounded. The enemy gave way before us, and, upon our advancing rapidly, they abandoned three pieces of artillery-one, a 12-pounder iron gun, the other two, 12-pounder brass pieces. A most gallant charge was made by the regiment. As the enemy advanced upon us the second time we again drove them back, killing many. The regiment then advanced to within 50 yards of the enemy's lines, and held the position there until a regiment on the right gave way under a most galling fire, when the regiment was compelled to fall back, owing to the supply of ammunition being exhausted and the overwhelming force of the enemy, advancing in three columns on our right, left, and center, threatening annihilation to the small force in that position, numbering of the regiment about 300 men, and of the Federal forces not exceeding 600.

At 1.30 p. m. the order was given to fall back, when the regiment

