
retired about 200 yards to the rear, when it was relieved by forces under command of General Smith.

It is impossible at this time to speak of individual bravery.* Suffice it to say one and all, officers and men, could not possibly have fought with more determination.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM RAPHAEL,

Major Twenty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Vols. Commanding.

Major O. J. CRANE,

Seventh Ohio Volunteers, Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 186. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James C. Lane, One hundred and second New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of the battle of Antietam.

SEPTEMBER 22, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the Second Brigade of this division entered the field of battle on September 17, 1862, under command of Colonel H. J. Stainrook, at about 6.30 a. m., the regiments marching in column of divisions. The brigade consisted of the One hundred and second New York Regiment, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Regiment, and Third maryland Regiment, the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Regiment being on detached service. Line of battle was formed in face of the enemy, and under fire, when the order was given to charge, and the enemy was driven back over half a mile, and batteries placed in position in front of the the line gained. Soon after, the right and center of brigade rose form behind the battery and again drove the enemy some 500 yards through another piece of woods, with great slaughter, the regiment on the left being ordered by General Sumner to remain behind the battery as a support.

At about 12 m. the brigade fell back, from lack of support and want of ammunition, and at about 1 p. m. was drawn up in line about half a mile to rear of line of battle and allowed to rest. At night-fall the command was again ordered under arms, and took position behind General Franklin's corps as a reserve, and slept on their arms, no alarm occurring to bring them into action.

In the absence, from sickness, of Colonel Stainrook, and being senior officer reported present for duty, I have the honor to sign myself, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. C. LANE,

Lieutenant Colonel One hundred and second N. Y. Regiment, Commanding Brigadier

Brigadier-General GREENE,

Commanding Second Division.

Numbers 187. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph M. Sudburg, Third maryland Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

NEAR SANDY HOOK, MD., September 22, 1862.

SIR: I hereby respectfully submit to you the following report

concerning

---------------

*A medal of honor was awarded to Corpl. Jacob G. Orth, Company D, of this regiment, for the capture of a flag supposed to belong to the Seventh South Carolina Infantry.

---------------

