
sharpshooters of the enemy, Captain M. Eugene Cornell, of Company D of this regiment, fell, dead, at the front of his command while bringing them into line, being shot through the head. After line was formed we advanced in order, driving the rebel before us, this regiment going, however, to the left of the brigade, and, after passing through the woods, taking the left of the burning building in the field beyond. From this building our men pursued the enemy to the corn-field in advance, where the One hundred and second halted and commenced firing at a battery which wa splaying on the right of the brigade, just beyond the corn-field. This battery retired immediately after our opening fire upon it.

At this time I marched the regiment by the right flank to rejoin the brigade, which was in position behind the battery of Parrott guns, to the right of the corn-field. Soon after the brigade moved forward past the battery, and drove the enemy through the woods beyond. The One hundred and second, however, remained supporting the battery, by order of General Sumner's aide. This battery retired after expending its ammunition, and was replace by a battery of brass guns, which remained in position about twenty minutes, and returned, being threat-ammunition and unsupported, retiring at the same time. The One hundred and second also retired, joining in with the rest of the brigade, and were reformed into line by the general commanding division (General Greene), at the rear o the woods behind the burning building. The brigade was here rested, and after forming line, arms were stacked and ration given our.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. C. LANE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding One hundred and second New York Vols.

Colonel STAINROOK,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 189. Report of Major Thomas M. Walker, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND ELEVENTH Regiment PA. VOLS.,September 22, 1862

I have the honor to report the part taken by the One hundred and eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the battle on Antietam Crek, Md., September 17, 1862.

We were moved during the night of the 16th from the center to the right. Arriving about midnight at the point for our bivouac, we rested until awakened at daylight by the fire of the pickets in our front. We were soon formed in column closed in mass, and marched abut three-quarters of a mile to the front, and then halted to prepare breakfast. While so doing we were suddenly ordered to fall in. We advanced in column and deployed under fire of musketry, the enemy having driven our forces for some way and occupying the woods in front of us. We advanced and fired as we deployed, and by the time we reached the woods were in line, closing upon on the left of the First Brigade. We swept the rebels from the woods, taking a large number of prisoners,among them a number of officers.

Arriving at the far edge of the woods, we halted and engaged the

