
enemy, who had rallied in the field beyond. Again advancing, we drove the enemy until we occupied the heights finally held by our forces. We laid under the brow of this hill to await the coming of a battery to our support. One was quickly sent, but was unfortunately our to the proper ammunition. Another soon came, well supplied, and began at once to fire upon the enemy. We had not been long in this position before the rebels had formed their line, with the intention of recovering their ground and taking this battery. They were allowed to approach within 30 feet (my men in the mean time having fixed bayonets), but at the proper time we rushed forward to the mouths of the cannon, hand-sorely repulsing their charge. We now face to the right, and filed to the right to assist in repulsing an attack made on the troops covering our right. This was accomplished after some very heavy firing. When the enemy began to waver we advanced, driving them from the woods and from about the brick church. We held these woods, under fire, for over two hours, until a new regiment, formed at right angles to our right, receiving the fire of and advancing line, broke and ran through us, carrying us back over pat of the ground we had fought so hard to gain. The rebels followed us to the top of the hill, upon which they tried to take our battery, but were stopped by a battery posted on our right. The line of our advancing forces, coming up, occupied the hill, thus leaving the field in our possession.

my regiment entered the fight with 13 officers and 230 men. Of this small command I have lost 1 officer and 26 men killed, 6 officers and 74 men wounded, and &amp; men missing; a total of 114, or nearly half of my command.*

After seven hours' continuous fighting we were relieved, having expended nearly 120 rounds of ammunition to each man. The character of the fighting you will know. It will be shoe by a glance at the colors we bore upon the field. (Together they are pierced with 25 shots.) bury, was of great assistance. I shall also mention Lieutenant Charles Woeltge, who together with all my officers, behaved most bravely, and have received my hearty commendations for their conduct.

During the whole of the engagement the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Regiment was on our right, and we continued side by side until the end, fighting almost as one man.

THOS. M. WALKER,

Major, Commanding One hundred and eleventh Regiment Pa. Vols.

Lieutenant-Colonel LANE,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 190. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles R. Brundage, Sixtieth New york Infantry, commanding Third Brigade of the battle of Antietam.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Loudoun Heights, Va., September 25, 1862.

I have the honor to report that, on the morning of September 17, 1862, the late col. William B. Goodrich, of the Sixtieth Regiment New York

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 199.

---------------

33 R R-VOL XIX, PT I

