
State Volunteers, being in command of this brigade, was ordered to take the brigade, then composed of the Sixtieth and Seventy-eighth Regiments New York Volunteers, Third Delaware, and Purnell Legion, into the field on the right of the line of battle. Before getting into position, the Purnell Legion, into the field on the right of the line of battle. Before getting into position, the Purnell Legion was ordered to some other portion of the field, which reduced the line of this brigade to the tree first-named regiment. On getting into position, skirmishers were thrown out on the right and left, who cleared the woods of the enemy's sharpshooters. While thus engaged, and about an hour after the commencement, the colonel commanding wa mortally wounded and borne from the field. The command then devolved upon Lieutenant-Colonel Austin, of the maunder of the day. In about an hour and a half from this time orders were received to withdraw the brigade from the field. This was done, and the line shortly after reformed about half a mile to the rear of its former position. The brigade remained in this line till near dark, when they received orders from yourself to rejoin the division.

This report is made from recollection only, no data being kept, as the command wa not handed over to me till late in the evening. i deem it just, however, to make honorable mention of the coolness and bravery of the officers and men in action, especially of the true soldierly bravery of Colonel Goodrich, the daring and courage of Lieutenant-Colonel Austin, the valuable services of Captain Redington, of the Sixtieth New York, and of First Lieutenant McGregor, of the Seventy-eighth New York, the two latter having charge of the skirmishers.

Respectfully submitted.

CHAS. R. BRUNDAGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General GEORGE S. GREENE,

Commanding Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 191. Report of Captain Levin B. Day, Third Delaware Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. THIRD REGIMENT DELAWARE VOLUNTEERS,September 27, 1862

Pursuant to order, I report concerning the Third Regiment Delaware Volunteers in the battle of the 17th instant:

There were present but five line officers, and, by order of Major Arthur Maginnis, commanding, the regiment was divided into four companies of 30 men each, one company being afterward detached as skirmishers. Our regiment, the left of the brigade, occupied a woods about 250 yards from the rebel line of battle, Baker's California regiment on our left and partially in front. We lay in this position for about four hours, under a continuous shower of shell and musketry, firing as occasion offered by the advance or retreat of the rebels. The California with an Indiana regiment being partially outflanked, retreated directly through our ranks.

At this moment Major maginnis was wounded, and we retreated in good order under command of Captain William J. McKaig. We formed in a field to the rear of our former position, from which we again retreated

