
obliquely to the left and rear, coming into position by a 12-pounder battery, which immediately opened on the enemy. Out of range of the rebel guns, we reposed here until the engagement cease. Both officers and men behaved with coolness and bravery, and it would be invidious to mention individual cases.

The report of killed and wounded has already been forwarded to brigade headquarters.*

Very respectfully,

L. B. DAY,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

MANUEL EYRE, JR.,

Second Lieutenant and acting Adjutant.

Numbers 192. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin L. Simpson, Purnell Legion, Maryland Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.

LOUDOUN HEIGHTS, VA.,

September 27, 1862.

Report of the proceedings of the Purnell Legion during the battle of Antietam:

We entered the field about 7 o'clock, and were immediately detached from our brigade, by order of General Williams, and sent to the support of the One hundred and twenty-fourth Pennsylvania Regiment, which position we held until ordered away. It entered the woods on the right of a white school-house, where it formed in line and went into action, where it remained until the enemy appeared in overwhelming numbers and compelled it to retire. If fell back to the woods on our right, where our artillery were stationed, when we again formed in line, and went into camp with the brigade.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

B. L. SIMPSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Purnell Legion.

Numbers 193. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles R. Brundage, Sixtieth New York Infantry of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. SIXTIETH NEW YORK STATE VOLUNTEERS,Camp on Loudoun Heights, Va., September 27, 1862.

I have the honor to report that, on the morning of the 17th of September, 1862, the Sixtieth Regiment New York State Volunteers went into action with 217 enlisted men and 9 commissioned officers, and that with his company (Company C) to skirmish, which he did with admirable skill and effect, clearing the woods to the right of the enemy's sharpshooters. After being in action between two and three hours, a brigade fell back on us, breaking our line and scattering our men, making a

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 199.

---------------

