
delay of an hour or more in our rejoining our brigade, then formed in line about half a mile to the rear of their position in action. The regiment remained with the brigade during the remainder of the day, and moved with it at dark to rejoin the division.

I take pleasure in reporting that the officers and men behaved well under fire, promptly obeying all orders. For an account of our losses I beg leave to refer you to official report of casualties.*

Very respectfully submitted.

CHAS. R. BRUNDAGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Sixtieth New York State Volunteers.

Colonel W. O. REDDEN,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 194. Report of Captain Henry R Stagg, Seventy-eighth New York Infantry, of the battle of Antietam.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-EIGHTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Loudoun Heights, September 27, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the battle of the 17th instant:

We entered the action with 1 field officer (lieutenant-colonel), 1 adjutant, 1 sergeant-major, 2 captains, 3 first lieutenants, 5 second lieutenants, and 208 men. After the death of Colonel Goodrich. Lieutenant-Colonel Austin was left in command of the brigade until the action was over. Our loss in the action was 1 captain killed, 1 adjutant severely wounded, 8 men killed, and 18 wounded.

HENRY R. STAGG,

Captain, Commanding Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers.

Colonel REDDEN,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 195. Report of Colonel Arno Voss, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, of skirmishes at Bunker Hill and Darkesville, W. Va.

CAMP WOOL,

Near Martinsburg, Va., September 9, 1862

GENERAL: Pursuant to the orders of Colonel D. S. Miles, commanding Railroad Brigade, at Harper's Ferry, I stationed an outpost, on the 3rd instant, at a point about 3 miles south of Martinsburg, on the Winchester road, consisting of 95 men of the Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel H. Davis. On the morning of the 4th instant, Lieutenant Charles Roden, of said command, having 10 men with him on a reconnoitering tour, suddenly came upon 12 mounted rebels at Bunker Hill, 6 miles south of said outpost, charged upon them, and drove them pell-mell before him about 3 miles beyond Bunker Hill. The enemy had 1 horse wounded and 1 man. In this affair Lieutenant

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 199.

---------------

