
Roden and his men behaved very gallantly. The next day, at about 10 o'clock a. m., Lieutenant-Colonel Davis met the enemy, about 40 mooted men, half a mile north of Bunker Hill, attacked them with about an equal number of his men, and drove them back into the town of Bunker Hill. Here the enemy dismounted, and, from the rear of some old buildings on a bluff beyond Middle Creek, opened deliberate fire upon our advancing party. Lieutenant-Colonel Davis rapidly crossed the creek, ordered the charge up the hill, when the enemy fled in the wildest confusion, each party exchanging fires. The chase continued for 6 miles, and resulted in the capture of 6 prisoners, all of the Twelfth Virginia (ashy's) Cavalry, with their mount and arms. Two of the enemy were wounded. Our men all escaped unhurt.

Lieutenant-Colonel Davis, whose horse was shot under him, deserves great praise for the ability with which he led his men. In his report to me he speaks very highly of the conduct of Dr. McCarthy, the assistant surgeon of my regiment, acting as his adjutant, who received a ball through his sack and had his horse wounded; also of Captain Hayden, who led his company with great gallantry, and the officers and men of his company.

The enemy, after this, did not make their appearance at our outposts until the 7th day of September, when our vedettes were driven in about day-break. Lieutenant Logan, if the Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, having been dispatched by Lieutenant-Colonel Davis, with 18 men, to ascertain their strength and position, was surrounded by the enemy, but succeeded in cutting his way through to near our outposts. Lieutenant Logan was severely, but not dangerously, wounded in the breast by a rifle-ball, and was carried from the field by his men. One of his men reached Lieutenant-Colonel Davis, and reported to him that a battalion of Ashy's cavalry, 400 strong, was drawn up on the Winchester pike. The lieutenant-colonel immediately dispatched a messenger to my camp, requesting me to send him re-enforcements. After having reported this fact to Brigadier-General White, commanding, and received his orders to send forward a sufficient force of cavalry, infantry, and artillery, I immediately dispatched Company A, of the Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, under Captain Grosvenor, on the Winchester pike, to Lieutenant-Colonel Davis' assistance. I then dispatch, over the so-called dirt road, running parallel with said pike, Companies B and E, of the Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, under Captain Langholz and Lieutenant Vasseu, and four companies of the Sixty-fifth Illinois Infantry, under Major Wood, and, with another company of cavalry (Company C, Captain Bronson) and a section of Captain Phillips' battery, under his command, I marched over the pike to the scene of action. I learned from Lieutenant-Colonel Davis' report, that about 8.30 a. m., Captain Grosvenor arrived at the outpost with his company and reported to him. Adding this company to the force he had on hand, he immediately formed in column on the pike, headed by Company A and led by himself, and charged upon the enemy. They hastily retreated, firing, till they reached the town of Darkesville, about 7 miles south of Martinsburg, where they made a stand, occupying a very strong position on the other side of the creek and keeping up a brisk fire from their carbines and revolvers. Having exchanged shots for a while, Lieutenant-Colonel Davis ordered a charge, which was gallantly executed by his men, when the enemy turned and fled. They made no stand at Bunker Hill, but hurried through that town on to Winchester, not halting even there, saying that the Yankees would be there in half an hour. Captain Langholz and Lieutenant Vasseur, with their respective companies, were sent in

