
pursuit of the flying enemy, making several prisoners and capturing a number of horses and arms. They proceeded to near Winchester, whence they returned and joined me with the main force near Bunker Hill. I returned to camp. I caused Captain Bronson, of the Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, in pursuance of an order to that effect from General White, to make a reconnaissance in the direction of Smithfield, from reported to me having met no force of the enemy in that direction. At 8 o'clock in the evening the forces under my command had all returned to camp.

The enemy's loss is 41 prisoners and 25 killed. We had none killed, and but 1 man taken prisoner. We have 13 wounded, most of them badly, amount them Captain Grosvenor, who received a pistol-shot in his right breast in the charge at Darkesville. I am rejoiced to say that both he and Lieutenant Logan are doing well and will speedily recover. A list of the names of our wounded is appended hereto. Among the killed on the other side are Captain McDonnel and Lieutenant Albert Carroll, of the maryland Line Cavalry.

The officers and men of my command behaved admirably. The Twelfth Illinois Cavalry were the only troops engaged in this fight, and they fought bravely and gallantly, maintaining in a high degree the honor of the State form which they hail. The infantry, under Major Wood, did me good service in throwing out skirmishers on both flanks and marching in double-quick to the scene of action, eager to have a share in the fight. Captain Phillips brought his section of artillery promptly into position. Lieutenant-Colonel Davis is entitled to a special mark of distinction for his bravery and gallantry exhibited in these several encounters. Captain Grosvenor, Lieutenant Logan, and assistant Surgeon McCarthy also deserve special mention.

The number of horses killed and wounded on our side is 15.

From the prisoners I learn that the force opposed to us on the 7th instant consisted of the Seventeenth Battalion Virginia Cavalry, a portion of the Twelfth Virginia Cavalry (Ashy's), and the Maryland Line Cavalry, numbering in all 700.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[A. VOSS]

Brigadier General JULIUS WHITE,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 196. Report of Major General John E. Wool, U. S. Army, commanding Middle Department, of the siege of harper's Ferry.
HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, Md., September 27, 1862.

GENERAL: Herewith you will receive the following report, &amp;c., relating to the defense of Harper's Ferry and its disgraceful surrender by our troops, viz:

1. Report of Brigadier General Julius White, of the occupation and subsequent evacuation of Martinsburg, and retreat to Harper's Ferry, on the 12th of September, 1862.*

---------------

*See Numbers 197, report of September 20, p. 524.

---------------

