
BALTIMORE, September 5, 1862.

Colonel MILES, Harper's Ferry:

If you can get cars, send the Twelfth Regiment New York State Militia home on Saturday, unless you should be attacked. Colonel Cram, whom I sent up to look after the position as far as Point of Rocks, says all is quiet there. If there should be any indications of an attack on Point of Rocks, you will re-enforce them. Be energetic and active, and defend all places to the last extremity.

There must be no abandoning of a post, and shoot the first man that thinks of it, whether officer or soldier.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Maryland Heights, Md., September 11, 1862.

Col DIXON S. MILES:

Captain Russell, who is out on a scout, sent in two of his cavalrymen, who say that the enemy are advancing on Williamsport.

Have you any news from McClellan to-day?

THOS H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

BALTIMORE, September 11, 1862.

Honorable F. H. PEIRPOINT,

Governor of Virginia, Wheeling, Va.:

I would not, under the present uncertain state of affairs, feel justified in removing from Harper's Ferry or Martinsburg any of the forces stationed there.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

Numbers 197. Report of Brigadier General Julius White, U. S. Army, commanding, of the evacuation of Martinsburg and the siege of Harper's Ferry.

HARPER'S FERRY, September 16, 1862.

I have the honor to state that this place has been defended for several days against an attack by the divisions of Jackson, A. P. Hill, Lawton, Walker, and McLaws, amounting in all to at least 40,000 men, with over fifty pieces of artillery.

After expending all our artillery ammunition, except that for short range, and defeating two attacks of the enemy's infantry, Colonel Miles, with the advice of his brigade commanders, reluctantly surrendered.

I regret to say that the gallant Colonel Miles is so severely wounded that his recovery is not probable. i march to-day, with the command, and will report to you in detail the events which have occurred since my last communication.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General

Major-General WOOL.

