
Parrott guns, supported by the Twelfth Regiment New York State Militia, under command of Colonel Ward.

The right of Bolivar Heights was held by the brigade under command of Colonel D'Utassy, of the Thirty-ninth New York, consisting of the Thirty-ninth, One hundred and eleventh, and One hundred and fifteenth New York, the Sixty-fifth Illinois, and Captains Phillips and Von Sehlen's batteries. A slight earth-work was constructed upon the right, to protect the men of the batteries. The left of Bolivar Heights was held by the brigade commanded by colonel Timble, of the Sixtieth Ohio, consisting of the Sixtieth Ohio, Ninth Vermont, and Oneh hundred and twenty-sixth new York, with Captain Rigby's battery. A slight earth-work was constructed upon the left, on the Charlestown turnpike, to protect that battery.

The ground to the southeast of the turnpike, and between it and the Shenandoah, was held by the Third maryland Potomac Home Brigade, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Downey. The other troops were placed upon the plateau adjacent to Bolivar Heights, and under cover of ravines as much as possible.

Early in the morning the enemy opened form their batteries upon Loudoun Heights and from a battery planted during the night upon the summit of the Maryland Heights, directing their fire mostly upon Camp Hill. This fire was returned by the guns there, with spirit, and by Captain Von Sehlen's battery upon Bolivar Heights. This fire continued with brief intervals throughout the day, disabling for us one 20-pounder Parrott and three other guns and blowing up two caissons.

About noon, two companies of the Thirty-ninth New York and two of the Sixty-fifth Illinois, all under command of Major Wood, of the last-named regiment, recrossed the Potomac and ascended to our batteries upon the Maryland Heights and brought off the brass pieces abandoned there. They returned without any loss.

In the afternoon the enemy opened a battery from beyond the Charlestown turnpike, shelling our skirmishers thrown out to the front, in the woods. Late in the afternoon, a division of the enemy, under General A. P. Hill, made an assault upon the extreme left, advancing with great spirit.

Colonel Miles not being present, I took command for the time, and ordered the Ninth Vermont to support Colonel Downey, and subsequently re-enforced them with the Thirty-second Ohio and one section of Captain Rigby's battery. The attack continued until after dark, the firing being very sharp and the troops engaged behaving very had-sorely, when the enemy was repulsed.

The fire now cease, but during the night the enemy obtained a lodgment upon and beyond our extreme left. During the engagement I had ;placed the One hundred and twenty-fifth New York in the rear of the line as a reserve, with a section of Captain Pott's battery on the turnpike and another section on our left, as a support, if needed.

At daylight on the morning of the 15th the enemy opened from their batteries previously mentioned, and from the following, which he had planted during the night, viz: Two upon the plateau at the foot of Loudoun Heights, on the east side of the Shenandoah; one of the guns upon a knoll to the front of our extreme left, enfilading our works upon Bolivar Heights; one upon the Charlestown turnpike, in a belt of woods; one opposite the center of Bolivar Heights, and one upon our extreme right, near the Potomac; in all about fifty guns. Their fire was mostly concentrated upon Captain Rigby's battery, in the work on our and placed in position to reply to the batteries in front. Both of these sustained

