
most valuable medical stores and destroys the rest. Faithful retreats and forms a connection with his regiment (Colonel Maylsby's) at or near Sandy Hook, Md.

Saturday, September 6, 1862.-General Lee's army, in part, enter Frederick City. Colonel Banning, Eighty-seventh Ohio, with his two howitzers, falls back to Berlin and shells the rebels' advance guard, and on the opposite side of the Potomac. Colonel Banning again retreats before superior numbers to Knoxville; his guns are worked by a section of Captain Graham's company (A), Fifth New York Artillery. The sergeant refuses to leave his guns, and takes them from hill to railroad on a car pushed by hand to Sandy Hook, but leave one libber and equipments. Scouts and refugees report the enemy in large force, and advancing toward Knoxville. They advance toward Banning's position, who shells their advance and retires back to Sandy Hook, and forms a junction with Colonel Maulsby's maryland regiment. Colonel Miles visits his outposts, and makes every preparation to meet the enemy and check their advance in every or any direction. He sends and engine and platform car to Berlin, and recovers the limber to howitzer, equipments, and ammunition left by Banning at Berlin. Our telegraphic communications eastward cut off; obliged to forward via Wheeling, Pittsburgh, &amp;c. The operator receives the following dispatch: "His are you, General Pope? General Jackson's army." Quiet from dark until midnight. An alarm from Sandy Hook. Colonel Miles and his staff, Lieutenant Binney, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Willmon, go down to outer vedettes, and remain until day-brak. Return.

Sunday, September 7, 1862.-Colonel Miles and staff again visit Sandy Hook, and go out as far as Weverton Mill, on road to Berlin and Point of Rocks. He directs a reconnaissance of cavalry under Major Markell, Eighth New York Cavalry; sends also Lieutenant Green, with a small party of Cole's Maryland cavalry, with instructions not to return until he had felt the enemy and ascertained something definite. Markell, with squadron Elighth New York Cavalry, goes as far as Berlin; hears rumors and returns. Lieutenant Green goes on past, and pushes through Petersville and Middletown to within 2 1/2 miles of Frederick City, and "beards the lion in his den." He drives in the enemy's vedettes at five different points, and causes the enemy to beat the long roll along his whole line. Citizens of Middletown demonstrate their Union sentiments. Green returns, without loss, with several rebel prisoners. General White reports his cavalry pickets driven in. He send out Colonel Voss, with the Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, who meets the enemy, and, after a severe fight, routs them and takes 45 prisoners, horses, and equipments. The enemy lose 15 killed and large number wounded, Colonel Voss loses 2 killed and 12 wounded. Colonel Miles visits all the positions in and around Harper's Ferry, Maryland Heights, Sandy Hook, Bolivar Heights, and Camp Hill; sees all the commanding officers; tells them he expects they will do their duty in the coming struggle; encourages the men, and gives general instructions.

Monday, September 8, 1862.-Colonel Miles, with his aide, Lieutenant Binney, visits maryland Heights; visits the different commanding officers and Colonel Ford, and gives his instructions in regard to their important position; encourages them, but gives them to understand that they must retain those heights at all hazards, as he considers them the key to his whole position, and represents that he could defy an army of 25,000 or 30,000 on his front or flank, by holding the Maryland Heights with the batteries thereon. He fives particular instructions to Colonel Ford, commanding, that he can and he must

