
hold them, representing if he could hold on for five days after the general attack, he felt sure the Government would send him assistance. The enemy appear to be crossing Blue Ridge Mountains at Snicker's Gap; the same observed yesterday. The smoke and dust indicate a large encampment. This p. m. the appearances indicate a division of columns, one moving toward Cumberland, the other making a retrograde movement back through Snicker's Gap. We have unreliable reports of the Union forces coming up form Washington, on both the Virginia and Maryland side of the Potomac, but we can obtain no reasonable foundation or reliable information to that effect. General White writes from Martinsburg that he will make a reconnaissance in force toward Winchester. Colonel Miles orders Eighth New York Cavalry to meet him at Smithfield and co-operate with him in his reconnaissance; Colonel Downey, at Kearneysville, to do the same. Our party went out, but did not meet General White's party. Eighth New York Cavalry go to Bunker Hill, Smithfield, and as far as Summit Point; capture a few pickets. Colonel Miles, finding himself short of forage and subsistence, seizes all the flour in stores and the mills in the vicinity; also sends out foraging parties toward Charlestown for hay, &amp;c.; hauls in considerable forage from the Washington estate, near Haltown. Colonel Miles instruct Colonel downey, at Kearneysville, to remain and protect the road and bridge at Opequon, unless severely pressed by the enemy; in which case he will retreat to Shepherdstown, cross the river, and fall back on eastern bank of the Potomac to maryland Heights, and report to Colonel Ford for duty there. Major Rodgers sent to Washington with dispatches. major Corliss, Rhode Island cavalry, makes a reconnaissance into Solomon's [Gap]; thence down through Jefferson, drive in the enemy's pickets; captures 25 prisoners, and pushes on to within 2 miles of Jackson's main army; returns without loss. Scouts report (rebel) at Winchester, but report a large force marching through Snicker's Gap, destined for the valley of the Shenandoah.

Tuesday, September 9, 1862.-colonel Miles, with his aide, visits Sandy Hook and Maryland Heights; returns, and goes out on left ridge of Bolivar Heights, toward the Shenandoah, and examines the points likely to be turned by the enemy on that flank. Telegraphs cut off westward near Sleepy Creek, west of martinsburg; in working order again in afternoon. Colonel Miles and staff Again visit Sandy Hook; visit Colonel Banning's but General Lee's army, Longstreet, &c. General Anderson said to be at Lovettsville, with six guns and 3,00 men, with large army train. Cars arrive from Cumberland; met obstructions on railroad. Left at 7.30 p. m. for Martinsburg, taking empty cars, &c., for General White. Enemy reported at Boonsborough, Md., near Solomon's Gap.

Wednesday, September 10, 1862.-Captain Russell, First Maryland Cavalry, reports his dash on Frederick, what he did, and what he saw. One column of the enemy appears to be moving toward Baltimore, on Georgetown turnpike; the other moving toward Frederick City, from the Potomac. General White, at martinsburg, writes: "The enemy will be whipped in Maryland, and we will be gobbled up in their retreat." Colonel Davis, Eighth New Your Cavalry, made a reconnaissance toward Winchester to-day, but saw no enemy. Colonel Downey, Third Maryland, scouts with a squad of Captain Shamburg's cavalry into Maryland;meets the enemy near Boonsborough, Md., 1,500 strong. Downey has but 19 cavalry, and bodily dashes into the enemy, who are composed of infantry, artillery, and cavalry. So suddenly

does he come upon them

