
that they are thrown into utter confusion, but soon rally on ascertaining Downey's small party, and charge on him with their cavalry. Colonel Downey's horse killed, and himself wounded in head; thinks he killed 9 or 10 of the enemy, and he lost himself but 1 killed and 3 wounded. Colonel Miles' staff (Major McIlvaine, Lieutenant Binney, and Lieutenant Willmon) visit the lookout or observatory on Maryland Heights. We see no indications of the enemy in any direction.

Thursday, September 11, 1862.-Colonel Miles and staff visit maryland Heights. The enemy make their appearance at Solomon's Gap; cavalry go out to feel them and their intentions; reported in large force. Colonel Miles orders a strong picket force in that direction. Solomon's Gap is the key to Antietam Ford, on Potomac; also to Maryland Heights. The enemy advance in large force into Pleasant Valley, eastern slope Maryland Heights. They shell our pickets from Solomon's Gap, and advance in such force as to drive back our pickets. Quiet during the night; a general attack expected along our whole easter front in morning. General White writes he is entirely surrounded. Colonel Miles sends him employ cars for his baggage; his baggage arrives here at midnight.

Friday, September 12, 1862.-Enemy advance during the night and throw into the woods up the eastern slope of maryland Heights three whole brigades of infantry; musketry firing most all day. Captain McGrath opens his big guns in the direction of Solomon's Gap. The enemy advancing at Solomon's Gap; they throw thirty-eight shells into servatory, but we repulse them with severe loss. Colonel Miles re-enforces the heights by sending Downey's Third maryland Regiment. Our men hold the lookout all night. Colonel Miles directs Colonel Ford to hold hese heights at all hazards, and he will send him another regiment, if wanted. Colonel Miles and Lieutenant Binney visit the outposts. General White arrives from martinsburg. General White generously gives up all claims to command to Colonel Miles. Colonel Miles accepts. General White tenders his services to Colonel Miles. Colonel Miles issues a general orders accepting the trust, and orders that the troops will obey implicitly all orders given by General White. A general attack expected at all points at day-break.

Saturday, September 13, 1862.-The ball opens early by Captain McGrath on maryland Heights; throws his shells into the gap and along edge of mountain with effect. The enemy gain ground in the woods; Colonel Ford calls for re-enforcement. One hundred and twenty-sixth Enemy press on; the One hundred and twenty-sixth New York break and fall back; Colonel Shrill, while bravely rallying them, is wounded in the face, and they become panic-stricken. Colonel Miles and staff go upon the heights; his staff officers rally two or three companies of the One hundred and twenty-sixth New York. The regiment partially rally under the exertions of a meritorious officer of the regiment, First Lieutenant Samuel A. Barras, but again get the panic and retreat. Colonel Miles orders Colonel Ford, and if he can send him any more re-enforcements he will dos, provided he is not attacked on Bolivar in front. Enemy extend their lines to the Potomac. Colonel Ford fearful he cannot hold the heights, Colonel Miles tells him; "Your can and you must." The panic became so great in the One hundred and twenty-sixth New York that Colonel Ford could do nothing with them. The Garibaldians were ordered by Colonel Miles' aide to bayonet the panic-stricken men if they attempted to break through the Garibaldians' lines. Much praise is due the gallant Garibaldians, who were under their major, for their

