
steadiness and discipline. Also the Thirty-second Ohio Volunteers deserve credit. Captain McGrath, commanding big guns, keeps up a constant cannonading. Captain Graham, with his 20-pounder Parrotts, on Camp Hill, also rapidly uses his effective guns on the rebels in the woods on Maryland Heights. The cannonading is tremendous since 2 p. m. Colonel Miles still hopes for assistance, but still determined to hold on until his last shell has been fired. Our subsistence short; our long-range ammunition exhausted almost, hardly enough for another day's defense. The enemy open about 11 o'clock a. m. on the Charlestown pike with two batteries; they are replied to by Rigby's and Von Sehlen's batteries. The cannonading is now terrific. Colonel Miles expressed a wish that he could be everywhere at the same time. General White was active, directing movements on the left. Enemy open still another battery upon Bolivar Heights. Colonel Miles, Lieutenant Binney, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Willmon, aide-de-camp, again visit Bolivar Heights; find General White active. He send Captain Rigby, with two pieces of artillery out on Charlestown road to play upon the enemy, putting a battery in position near Halltown. An officer overtakes Colonel Miles, from Colonel Ford, on Maryland Heights, who informs Colonel Miles that Ford says his regiment won't fight, and he cannot hold the heights. He sends back word that he can and he must Colonel Miles afterward wrote the following letter, which was the last order given by him in regard to that position:
HEADQUARTERS HARPER'S FERRY, September 13, 1862.

Colonel FORD,Commanding Maryland Heights:

Since I returned to this side, on close inspection I find your position more defensible than it appears when at your station. Covered as it is at all points by the cannon of Camp Hill, you will hold on, and can hold on, until the cows' tails drop off.

D. S. MILES,

Colonel Second Infantry, Commanding.

Major McIlvaine, chief of artillery, opens two 20-pounder Parrotts on Camp Hill upon the enemy on Maryland Heights. Colonel Miles and Lieutenant Binney, his aide, again visit Bolivar Heights, while mr. Binney observes indications of a retreat at Maryland Heights, and calls Colonel Miles' attention. He looks and says, "My God, Colonel Ford is evacuating his position; we must stop it." Bolivar Heights are 2 1/4 miles from the Maryland Heights. Colonel Miles is very indignant. Colonel Miles and Lieutenant Binney start for the position,but on arriving at Camp Hill we saw that it was too late. The siege guns had been spiked, and the troops were leaving the heights by order of Colonel Thomas H. Ford, Thirty-second Ohio, in charge. Colonel Ford's forces were as follows: Thirty-second Ohio, 700;Thirty ninth New York (Garibaldi Guard), 600; One hundred and twenty-sixth New your (useless), 1,000; One hundred and fifteenth New York, 1,000; Rhode Island and Maryland cavalry, 400; McGrath's

battery, 100; battalion Maryland Potomac Home Brigade, First Regiment, 300; battalion Maryland Potomac Home Brigade, Third Regiment, 500; total, 4,600 men. The enemy had over 5,000 or 8,000 men. Our forces had four 20-pounder Parrotts on Camp Hill, which completely covered our position on Maryland Heights. Enemy now attack in strong force form Sandy Hook.

