
Toward evening Lieutenant Binney sent to inform General white of this attack, which requires his presence, and leaves Bolivar Heights to General White. Enemy open with shell and solid shot on railroad bridge from Sandy Hook; some of shell strike near headquarters. Colonel Miles places two pieces on railroad, and responds to the enemy's fire. The enemy get the worst of it and fall back. Quiet all night.

Sunday, September 14, 1862.-The enemy are planting batteries on the Loudoun Mountain. Captain Graham, on Camp Hill, opens with his 10-pounder Parrotts to dislodge them. His fire very effective; he dismounts two guns. The enemy do not respond. McGrath's and Von Sehlen's batteries play upon Maryland Heights, where the enemy have planted a battery of two guns. Colonel Miles directs artillerists

save their ammunition, unless they see the enemy. The firing kept up constantly. Two o'clock p. m., the enemy open at five different points-two full batteries on Loudoun Mountain, a battery of two pieces on Maryland Heights, a battery of two pieces of long range on Shepherdstown road and on Charlestown turnpike. The cannonade is now terrific; the enemy's shell and shot fall in every direction; houses are demolished and detonation among the hills terrible. It is kept up until dark; our long-range ammunition is expended; only 36 rounds left, which are distributed by major McIlvaine to Captain Graham. Our cavalry-Eighth New York Cavalry, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, First Maryland Cavalry, Cole's cavalry, and battalion Rhode Island cavalry, all under Colonel Voss, hold a consultation at Colonel Miles' quarters, and Colonel Miles issues an order for them to cross the pontoon bridge, and take Sharpsburg road and cut their way out to our army. They start at 8.30 p. m. Their escape proves Colonel Miles' good judgment as to the route taken. Throughout the day our gallant artillerists hold their own, and we have lost but 4 killed. Colonel Miles again expresses much anxiety, and fears if the enemy opens again in the morning he cannot hold out. No information can be obtained as to the whereabouts of army. Several attempts of Colonel Miles to open a communication had failed, and we hear of no effort being made to send us assistance. Several regimental officers advise him to surrender or evacuate. His reply was, "My at order from headquarters was to hold on at all hazards, and I shall hold on until my last shell is expended. O, where is McClellan and his army?" &amp;c. Three full divisions are now in our front; we are entirely surrounded. Rebels in front are all under General Jackson and A. P. Hill. Everything quiet from dark until 9 p. m., when the enemy's infantry endeavor to flank us on left, near Shenandoah River. Lieutenant Binney, aide-de-camp, is sent out to post Colonel Banning, with a howitzer on Rifle Island, to repel any attempt in that direction. He throws out skirmishers, who connect with Colonel Downey's skirmishers from river to left ridge of Bolivar Heights. During the night the enemy in strong force, composed of General Pender's brigade of General White shrewdly anticipates and repels with much slaughter. General White assists Colonel Downe's regiment, by sending him the Ninth Vermont and Thirty-second Ohio Volunteers. Here it was that Brigadier-General White was most active. His promptness of action, his personal bravery and firmness, saved this flank from being turned. General White repulsed them with severe loss to the enemy, and they retiree and do not attempt the move again. Colonel Miles, aware that a desperate struggle must take place by day-break in the morning, advises with Major McIlvaine, chief artillery, and decides to

