
remove the heavy artillery to Bolivar Heights and fight it out there, and determined to hold out as long as possible, in hopes that assistance may arrive. The enemy during the night change the position of their batteries, and on Monday a. m. by 5.30 o'clock open a terrific cannonade from seven different batteries, enfilading our position on Bolivar Heights.

Monday, September 15.-Colonel Miles and staff and General White and staff on Bolivar Heights; by day-break the enemy open on Camp Hill and Bolivar Heights from seven batteries, which renders Camp Hill almost untenable. Lieutenant Leek, Fifth New York Artillery, opens a cross-fire upon enemy's batteries on Loudoun Heights with much effect. This gallant officer is entitled to much credit for his brave conduct while surrounded with the enemy's missiles, working his guns in the most admirable manner. General White plants a battery of 20-pounder Parrotts on plateau near the Shenandoah, which does fearful and deadly execution to the enemy on Loudoun. We are surrounded by enemy's batteries; they open from Loudoun Mountain and Loudoun Fram, Maryland Heights, Charlestown road, Shepherdstown road. Nothing could stand before such a raking cannonade. Colonel Miles was everywhere, exposing himself to danger with the bravest, encouraging his artillerists, and met with many narrow escapes from the bursting shells of the enemy. At 8 o'clock a. m. our battery officers report their ammunition exhausted. General White meets Colonel Miles on the crest of heights and consults. General White proposes a consultation of officers. Lieutenant Binney sent for Colonel Trimble, Second Brigade. Lieutenant Willmon sent for Colonel D'Utassy, First Brigade The consultation is held in the midst of shell and round shot, and conclude to signalize a cessation of hostilities by waving white handkerchiefs, while General White offers to go out and ask the conditions of the enemy. The white flag is exhibited, the artillery stops firing for about fifteen minutes when the enemy again open with a terrific cannonade. Colonel Miles, after having left General White, started with Lieutenant Binney to hunt for our horses and orderlies. Lieutenant Willmon went to hunt the orderlies, while Colonel Miles and lieutenant Binney, aide-de-camp, started down the eastern slope of the heights, where every inch of ground was being torn up by the enemy's fire. Colonel Miles took Lieutenant Binney's hand, and remarked, "Well, rebels have opened on us again; what do they mean?" Immediately after a shell passed us, striking and exploding immediately behind us, a piece of which tore the flesh entirely from his left calf, and a small piece cutting his right calf slightly. Lieutenant binney immediately tied his handkerchief above the knee, and called for assistance; put him in a blanket, and, obtaining six men, dragged him to an ambulance, and sent word to General White.

Colonel Miles, upon his death-bed, mentioned the following names as deserving credit: Brigadier-General White was everywhere where the danger was thickest, coolly giving orders and superintending things generally on the left, which was the most exposed. Colonel Miles expressed himself several times as being highly pleased with the assistance rendered by this valuable and gallant officer. Major H. B. McIlvaine, chief of artillery, was also mentioned as deserving much credit for bravery, and for his cool and firm manner of placing batteries under the galling fire of the enemy on Camp Hill and other places, where the most danger existed, encouraging the artillerists. To Captain Eugene McGrath,

