
Company F, Fifth New York Artillery, and Captain J. H. Graham, Company A, Fifth New York Artillery, is due much praise for the masterly and gallant manner of handling their guns, and good conduct on several occasions; especially to Captain McGrath is due much praise, who commanded the siege guns on Maryland Heights on Saturday. To erst Lieutenant Samuel A. Barras, One hundred and twenty-sixth New York, is due much praise in his gallant effort to rally his regiment on the Maryland Heights, after the fall of Colonel Sherrill. The orderly sergeant of Von Sehlen's battery and a sergeant of Captain Graham's battery were highly spoken of by Colonel Miles, and deserving of promotion; the batteries of Rigby, Potts, and Phillips, for the courage displayed against tremendous odds of guns and position.

Colonel Miles remarked on his death-bed, "He had done his duty; he was an old soldier and willing to die." It was a fit end for an old soldier. He had nothing to lose, he said, but he only regretted he could not live to do justice to the gentlemen so closely connected with him, for their bravery in carrying his orders over the field, and to his artillery officers. He said he could not understand why the Government was so slow in sending him assistance. He had held the position against an army of 40,000 for five days and a half, two and a half of the army must know of his situation, and the tremendous cannonading must have been heard be McClellan. He lingered until 4.30 p. m. on was easy, without a struggle. General Hill promised everything in the way of transportation for body, but he fulfilled nothing, and it was thought the exertions of Major McIlvaine, Lieutenants Binney and Reynolds, that a team was procurer, and his body was brought to Frederick, thence to Baltimore. On Friday, September 19, the remains were conveyed to Sweet Air and buried. Not being able himself to make a report, he requested me to make the above, and left to General White the duty of justice to his staff officers.

Respectfully submitted.

HENRY M. BINNEY,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

Brigadier Gen JULIUS WHITE,

Commanding Troops at Harper's Ferry.

Numbers 199. Report of Colonel George L. Willard, One hundred and twenty-fifth New York Infantry, of the siege of Harper's Ferry, September 14-15.
HDQRS. 125TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Annapolis, Md., September 21, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the One hundred and twenty-fifth Regiment New York Volunteers during the 14th and 15th of September, 1862, at Harper's Ferry:

About 1 o'clock p. m., on the 14th September, the enemy, who had succeeded in establishing a battery of rifled guns on Loudoun Heights, opened with shot and shell upon my regiment, which, having just returned from picket duty, were engaged in preparing some food. The fire was rapid, and all the troops on the plateau made a speedy and somewhat disorderly retreat. My regiment, in spite of my efforts, and subjected for the first time to a hot fire, retreated in a good deal of disorder

