
[Inclosure.]

CAMP MILES, MARYLAND HEIGHTS, MD.,

September 9, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with orders received from your headquarters, I yesterday, with 50 men, proceeded to reconnoiter the country along the Potomac eastward and toward Frederick City.

At Petersville I met and captured one of the enemy's cavalry, and his horse. At the time he was dressed in citizen's clothes, and wa evidently reconnoitering the road. At Jefferson I also captured a sergeant-major, of the Twelfth [?] Louisiana Regiment.

From Jefferson I struck across the country and came out on the Great Western turnpike, about 3 miles west of Frederick. I then came upon the enemy's pickets, and pursued them to within about 1 1/2 miles of Frederick city. I captured there 13 of the enemy and 9 horses. One of the men captured was a Joshua Fluharty, a deserter from Captain Grafflin's company (H), First Maryland Cavalry. At the time of his desertion he held the position of first sergeant in Captain Grafflin's company. When captured he held the position of regimental bugler in one of the enemy's regiments Another (Wheeler) was also a deserter from Captain Graffin's company (H), First Maryland Cavalry. Among the captured were, I believe, one captain an done lieutenant.

I saw two columns marching, one from the Potomac on to Frederick, and the other marching from Frederick City out toward Baltimore or Washington.

The enemy evidently has no supply trains. I could see only a very few wagons, not more than enough to supply transportation for officers, sick, and wounded.

He has but few tents. Soldiers could be seen sleeping on the side-walks and cellar-doors about the streets.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. RUSSELL,

Captain, Commanding Company 1, First Maryland Cavalry.

Colonel THOMAS H. FORD,

Commanding Forces at Maryland Heights.

[Addenda.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,September 12, 1862.

COLONEL: Our forces, consisting of 400 infantry, under command of Major Hildebrandt, and 50 cavalry, under Captain Russell, are now fighting at Solomon's Gap. The rebels have thrown thirty shells and wounded several men. The rebels are attempting to pass thought the gap, and our men are resisting.

THOS H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,September 12, 1862.

COLONEL: Our forces from the lookout report that the enemy are advancing toward Sandy Hook with infantry, artillery, and cavalry.

Our forces are still fighting at Solomon's Gap.

THOS H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

35 R R-VOL XIX, PT I

