
Colonel FORD, having been duly sworn, stated that the testimony of the following witnesses, in addition to those ordered to be summoned by the Government, and at the instance of General White, is important for him in the inquiry now in progress before this Commission. Wherefore it was ordered that a summons should issue for them.

The names of said witnesses are as follows: Major John A. Steiner, First Maryland Potomac Home Brigade, Annapolis; Asst. Adjt. General John B. Pearce, Thirty-second Ohio, Camp Douglas, Ill.; Captain Abraham Crumbecker, Camp Douglas, Ill.; Captain Eugene McGrath, Baltimore; Lieutenant Willmon, Camp Douglas, Ill., aide to Colonel Miles.

The judge-advocate then stated that the rooms to be hereafter used by the Commission would not be ready before to-morrow. Wherefore the Commission adjourned to meet again to-morrow, Saturday, October 4, at 11 a. m.

WASHINGTON, D. C., Saturday, October 4, 1862.

The Commission met pursuant to adjournment.

* * * * * *

Colonel FORD stated that the following-named witnesses, in addition to those summoned yesterday, were important for him in the inquiry now in progress before this Commission. Wherefore it was ordered that a summons should issue for them.

The following are the names of the witnesses: Captain Brown, Company H, First Regiment Potomac Home Brigade, Annapolis; Mrs. Brown, his wife.

Colonel WILLIAM P. MAULSBY was then duly sworn, who testified as follows to questions propounded by the judge-advocate:

Question. State what position you held in the military service at and immediately preceding the recent evacuation of Maryland Heights by the United States forces.

Answer. I was the colonel commanding First Maryland Regiment Potomac Home Brigade.

Question. State at what point your command was stationed during the period and events referred to, and what part of took therein.

Answer. For several days preceding the evacuation of Maryland Heights I was in command of the eastern approach to it, by way of railroad and canal, and Sandy Hook. I was ordered by Colonel Miles to hold the eastern approach to Maryland Heights. In his order he said, I think, "This position is not to be abandoned. I will, if necessary, re-enforce you with half my command." I am not sure that these words were all in the written order, as he was in the habit of adding verbally to his written orders.

My command at that point consisted of five companies of my regiment. Three more of the regiment were under command of Colonel Ford, on Maryland Heights, and two under Colonel Miles, at Harper's Ferry. I think eight companies of the Eighty-seventh Ohio, Colonel Banning, were ordered to report to me, and three pieces of artillery, Captain Potts. In the first instance I stationed my force at Sandy Hook, with one piece of artillery guarding at the point where the railroad, canal, and country roads leading down Pleasant Valley united. The remainder of my command I stationed on the outer heights, being the same ridge occupied by General Banks' army last summer. I threw out a line of skirmishers, covering the base of that height. I occupied that position the better part of two days and one night. I think the afternoon of the second day Colonel Miles rode up and remarked that that position was not tenable, and ordered me to fall back to the eastern slope of Maryland Heights. I did so, and while in the latter position another piece of artillery was furnished me. White thus situated, I discovered a large wagon-train of the enemy at a distance of about 3 miles, in Pleasant Valley, which, I suppose, was visible in its length from 1 to 2 miles, neither

