
Answer. I did guide the cavalry to Greencastle, and do not think the route over which they passed was practicable for infantry or artillery. The road was very narrow and difficult; infantry could not have kept up with us. The road was too rough for artillery, passing, as it did, frequently over ravines, fields, and fences. If we had taken a different route, over which infantry and cavalry could have passed, we should have alarmed the enemy at Hagerstown, Funkstown, and Williamsport, and from either of these points they could have brought artillery and successfully resisted us.

Question. Did you communicate to General White the information of the evacuation of Maryland Heights; and, if so, where was he; what did he say and do?

Answer. On Saturday I thought the enemy were endeavoring to take possession of Loudoun Heights, and I remarked to General White that these heights ought to have been occupied by our men. He told me to go to Colonel Miles and tell him who I was, and for what purpose I had come, and advise with him. I did so. I got there about 11 o'clock. I suggested the propriety of trying to take possession of Loudoun Heights. "Poh, poh," said he, "I cannot hold Maryland Heights. I have just informed him to evacuate them if he should think he was overpowered." Before I left the door, a colonel rode up and spoke to some gentleman whom I did not know, and said, "I have given up the Maryland Heights, according to the order I have just got." The gentleman to whom he spoken said, "Did you get such orders?" He replied, "I did." He then asked for Colonel Miles. I then mounted my horse and went to Bolivar Heights. I found General White on the road near the heights, and said to him, "We are evacuating Maryland Heights." He remarked, "Damn it, is that so?" and turned to look, and said, "I see the men coming down from Maryland Heights now." But he then said, "That can't be so; they are only relieving they regiments that are there." He added, "I will go and see about it myself," and rode off.

Question. Did you, prior to the evacuation of Martinsburg by General White, go into Maryland to observe the enemy; and, if so, what did you see and report to General White?

Answer. I went into Maryland by way of Shepherdstown. I reported to General White that I saw the enemy in heavy force, not less than three divisions.

Question. Did you observe the crossing of the enemy to Falling Waters; and how many men do you think were marching on Martinsburg, then within 8 miles of that place, under Jackson?

Answer. I did, and am satisfied that the enemy's force amounted to not less than 25,000.

By Colonel FORD:

Question. Do you recognize in me the person who rode up and said he had just evacuated Maryland Heights?

Answer. I am satisfied you are the gentleman.

Question (by same). Did Colonel Miles tell you in person that he had issued the order to abandon Maryland Heights?

Answer. Colonel Miles made no other statement on the subject than that which I have already mentioned.

The Commission here adjourned to meet again on Monday, October the 6th instant, at 11 o'clock a. m.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 6, 1862.

The Commission met pursuant to adjournment.

* * * * * *

William Blair Lord, of New York City, was appointed stenographer to the Commission, and duly sworn.

The minutes of the last meeting were then read and approved.

Colonel GEORGE L. WILLARD, called by the Government, sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Will you state to the Commission if you were present at

