
would have been difficult or impossible to have withdrawn the lines then already occupied. My own ideas were that time it was not so much a successful resistance as a prolonged resistance, for twenty-four or forty-eight hours. I do not believe we could have withdrawn or made any charges of troops after daylight on the morning of the 15th of September.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. How long do you think you could have held the position that you occupied without a change?

Answer. I think about three minutes.

By General WHITE:

Question. Did you have opportunity during the siege of Harper's Ferry to observe the officers, or either of them, who are under arrest, in connection with this investigation; if so, what was their conduct as officers?

Answer. I saw General White and Colonel Trimble. I do not recollect of seeing the other gentlemen at all during that time; at least I had no official communication with them that I recollect. The only orders that I received were from General White and Colonel Trimble. Colonel Trimble went with me when my regiment was posted on picket, showed me the way out, gave me my orders, and altogether seemed to be anxious and interested in the affair; and on Sunday, when the attack commenced on our left on the Maryland regiment, General White came up and immediately ordered re-enforcements to be sent out, directed artillery to be sent forward and to be placed in position, gave me orders as to what dispositions to make of my regiment, and came down himself to see that they were carried out. Colonel Trimble also did the same thing. During the cannonade or bombardment, on the morning of the 15th, both of these gentlemen also came down to my regiment and gave some few directions.

The JUDGE-ADVOCATE. The object of the question, I suppose, is not so much the details, but the general estimate of the witness of their actions.

General WHITE. That is the object.

The WITNESS. I have no hesitation in saying that both of those gentlemen, so far as I observed them, were cool and collected. They were the only officers who gave me any orders whatever, or that I saw moving about the field.

By Colonel D'UTASSY:

Question. Did you see some troops ascend Maryland Heights after they had been abandoned, and save the guns and ammunition, and do you know what troops they were, and who gave them those orders?

Answer. I know by hearsay; I know nothing of my own knowledge. I did not see any troops go up.

By General WHITE:

Question. Was there a skirmish by the enemy's cavalry prior to reaching Harper's Ferry by General White's command?

Answer. Not that I am aware of.

Question. I mean the day we got in.

Answer. I recollect that the command was halted, and that there was such a report on the day we reached Harper's Ferry. I know nothing of it, of my own knowledge. The command was halted and formed, I may say, on the day we reached Harper's Ferry.

Question. How long have you been in service?

Answer. I have been a commissioned officer since 1848.

Question. Did General White consult you the next morning after arriving at Harper's Ferry; and, if so, state the subject of the conversation?

Answer. General White did consult me upon taking command of the forces at

