
Question. In your narrative you have stated that they fought until a certain hour, when they were ordered to fall back by order of Colonel Ford?

Answer. That was the last order we received; probably between 3 and 4 o'clock; after 3, I think. These men all had left before the order came from Colonel Ford. I do not think there was a man of the One hundred and twenty-sixth New York on the hill then. I had sent their adjutant down to try to get them back if possible, and that was the last I saw of him or of the men.

By Colonel FORD:

Question. From all that you know from every source, were you attacked by overwhelming numbers?

Answer. They were, I think, ten to one, to the best of my knowledge.

Question. Did I, on the night of the 12th, solicit you to inform Colonel Miles of the necessity of immediate re-enforcements?

Answer. You did.

Question. Did you inform him for me that the re-enforcements must be there that night?

Answer. I did; and impressed it upon him as earnestly as I was capable of doing. I felt the necessity of it.

Question. How many men of the Thirty-second Ohio do you think you had on the mountain?

Answer. At the time of the fight?

Question. Yes, sir; in the morning and during the day.

Answer. Three hundred and fifty would cover the whole number.

Question. Were you present so as to hear, or do you know from any conversation of mine the day I first went up on the mountain, that I urged the fortification and placing of artillery at Solomon's Gap?

Answer. I know that you did.

Question. Did you hear me express to all the officers in council my certain conviction that unless that was done Maryland Heights must be abandoned?

Answer. I did.

Question. Did you hear me urge the necessity of cutting down the timber, and placing artillery upon the lookout on Maryland Heights?

Answer. I did.

Question. In your opinion, could those heights have been maintained without artillery in those positions, and in addition a force greatly superior to that we had?

Answer. I am satisfied they could not.

By General WHITE:

Question. Did you have opportunity, during the siege of Harper's Ferry, to observe the officers, or either of them, who are now under arrest, in connection with this investigation? If so, what was their conduct as officers?

Answer. I saw General White on the field on Monday morning; also Colonel Trimble. I was on the left of our line, nearly the extreme left, the left of Rigby's battery. Colonel Ford was not on the field during Sunday or Monday; that is, doing duty. He was sick in bed all the time, except about an hour and a half on Sunday, when he came out where the regiment was stationed, and then returned to his bed and remained there until Monday morning, until after the surrender. In regard to those men, I saw nothing in them but what indicated that they were doing their duty as far as was possible.

