
Question. Was there a heavy fire of artillery on Monday morning on the left?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. How many pieces of artillery, do you think there were there? Had you any means of knowing, of ascertaining, or judging?

Answer. I know of three different batteries that were playing upon that point. There was a battery on Loudoun Heights, immediately on the summit, and another a little down the side of the mountain. As we passed farther to the right there were two other batteries, also, that fired upon us.

Question. On the east side of the Shenandoah?

Answer. Yes, sir; they were all playing upon our left.

Question. Were there any guns established by the enemy on Maryland Heights after the evacuation?

Answer. I think there was, perhaps, one gun there-one gun, perhaps, on the summit of Maryland Heights.

Question. Do you know how many batteries they had over in the valley to the westward of Bolivar Heights?

Answer. I do not; I was not on that line.

Question. You were there on Monday morning, were you not?

Answer. You ask how many batteries the enemy had?

Question. Yes, sir.

Answer. There must have been seven or eight batteries there.

Question. Did you have any conversation with any reliable person as to the force over in the valley-any officer of the rebel troops, or anybody else, from whom you could get information of the force there?

Answer. On all sides of Harper's Ferry?

Question. I mean immediately in front of our lines, on the west and southwest of Harper's Ferry, stretching from the Shenandoah around to the Potomac.

Answer. I was informed that there was immediately around the place 120,000 men.

Question. That includes all sides?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. I refer now to the line in front of Bolivar Heights.

Answer. There were some 70,000 or 80,000 men in the valley, as I was informed.

Question. Do you recollect the source of your information?

Answer. It was one of the rebel officers, General Branch, gave me this information.

Question. How long have you been in the service?

Answer. I entered the service a year ago last June-the 5th of June.

Question. At the time of the surrender, what do you think would have been the prospect of a successful resistance, or of deferring the capture or destruction of our forces there for any time? You saw and knew the enemy's forces; what do you think were the prospects of a successful defense, and how long could it have been maintained?

Answer. I have no idea at all that we could have made any resistance but a short time longer; that is, successfully.

Question. You have been in other engagements?

Answer. Yes, sir.

