
Question. How many; several?

Answer. Several.

By the COURT:

Question. What day of the month did Colonel Ford take command of Maryland Heights with his brigade?

Answer. I could not answer that question now; I have a memorandum-book in my trunk that would give me the date.

Question. About how long were you on the hill before it was evacuated?

Answer. I think not over about a week.

Question. During that time what was done in the way of throwing up defenses; what efforts were made to defend the position by such means as Colonel Ford had?

Answer. He ordered a party to proceed around the mountain; examine the points around to Solomon's Gap; to make a thorough examination of it with a view to its defense. I was with the party.

Question. I had reference to his throwing any obstacles in the way, making rifle-pits, or using the facilities there for defending the position.

Answer. There was something done near the battery; some timber cut.

Question. How much?

Answer. Very little.

Question. Do you know what your supply of rations was-how many days' rations you had on hand?

Answer. I do not.

Question. Do you know how many days' rations your own men had at the time you left?

Answer. I could not answer that question.

Question. How much ammunition had you?

Answer. When we went into the fight we had about forty rounds each.

Question. That was all you had?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Had the troops a plenty of spades and axes?

Answer. No, sir; and I had applied for some ammunition. I had gone down across the ferry for it, but was told that there was none there of the caliber we required.

Question. You say there were no spades or axes?

Answer. There were a few, I think, in the hands of the First Maryland there.

Question. Do you know whether Colonel Ford made efforts to get those to strengthen his position?

Answer. I know he got them, and they were used.

By Colonel FORD:

Question. Do you know what I had a strong party detailed, who spent a couple of days in throwing obstructions across Solomon's Gap?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Do you know about taking 100 men and rolling a big rock into Solomon's Gap?

Answer. Yes, sir.

