
By the COURT:

Question. How far was Solomon's Gap from this point?

Answer. About 4 1/2 miles.

Question. I am speaking only of the means used to defend Maryland Heights themselves, in the way of cutting down trees, making rifle-pits, and things of that kind.

Answer. There had been near the battery, and some timber cut on the side of the mountain. They were, perhaps, one or two days cutting there; and on the summit of the mountain our men worked very hard-our pickets there-for perhaps one day. It was a rainy day.

By Colonel FORD:

Question. Do you know that I had a party of men cutting up the side of the mountain from the battery, as far as I could have it cut down around the battery?

Answer. Yes, sir; and then this company that passed around the mountain observed all the places where the enemy could approach, and obstructed those approaches by cutting down timber, rolling stones, &amp;c.

Question. Do you know about my making an effort on Quartermaster Patterson, of sending you over to Harper's Ferry-to try to get axes, and there were no axes to be had?

Answer. Yes, sir; I think about ten axes were the most we could find at any time to be used.

By the COURT:

Question. I understood you to say that Colonel Ford had made application for axes and had got them?

Answer. Those were the axes of this Maryland Homes Brigade, which was located on the heights immediately about his quarters. I do not know how long they had been there.

Question. Do you know if Colonel Ford made any effort to get axes from the other side of the river?

Answer. I do.

Question. And he could not succeed?

Answer. No, sir.

By Colonel D'UTASSY:

Question. You said that only two companies of the Thirty-ninth Regiment were at Maryland Heights, and yet I sent over six companies of the Thirty-ninth Regiment, three companies of the One hundred and eleventh Regiment of New York, and the whole of the One hundred and fifteenth Regiment; in all, about 1,800 men.

Answer. Those men, with the exception of two companies, were not on the point I occupied; they were up by Solomon's Gap.

Question. Did you see some companies reascend the Maryland Heights the day after they had been abandoned, and save the guns and ammunition?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Do you know what companies they were, and by whose order they were sent?

Answer. I could not see what companies they were.

Question. Did you know who gave the orders for that to be done?

Answer. I did not.

