
that we must make a requisition on Washington. Before that requisition could be made on Washington the railroad communication was cut off.

Question. Do you know what efforts Colonel Miles made to open communication with General McClellan?

Answer. We heard reports of troops coming up, but nothing definite. For instance, we heard that General Wool was coming up with 20,000 men, and that General McClellan was coming up on the Virginia side with a large force, but nothing definite. On Sunday, Captain Cole, of the Maryland Potomac Home Brigade Cavalry, and Captain Russell, of the First Maryland Cavalry, offered to open up communication with our army if there was any in Maryland. We had heard that Frederick had fallen into the hands of the enemy. Colonel Miles gave his consent, and they went; with what result I do not know. I have never heard anything of them since. We have been given to understand that they did get through to General McClellan, and represented the state we were in at Harper's Ferry. They never came back again.

Question. Did you hear that re-enforcements were on the way to Harper's Ferry?

Answer. Nothing officially. We heard that Frederick was taken by the enemy, and after that we never heard that Frederick had been retaken by General McClellan, or anything of the sort.

By the COURT:

Question. Did you hear firing?

Answer. We heard heavy firing on Sunday off in the direction of South Mountain, as we thought, though in the hills there we could hardly tell in what direction it was. We heard firing on Saturday afternoon, and on Sunday pretty much all day; also on Monday afternoon, after the surrender, and also on Tuesday and Wednesday. On Wednesday the cannonading was very heavy all day. I will state that on Sunday night there was an attempt made to turn our left flank by infantry, under General Pender, of the North Carolina Brigade. The whole brigade was thrown up on the extreme left, toward the Shenandoah River. I was sent down on the Shenandoah road, where Colonel Banning, of the Eighty-seventh Ohio was, throwing out skirmishers, to extend from the river to join Colonel Downey's skirmishers, on the extreme left of Bolivar Heights, and while doing so I heard heavy infantry firing up to the front, which I understood was Colonel Downey's regiment, and the Thirty-second Ohio. Toward the middle of the night there was quite heavy firing there, heavy skirmishing, which I understood was some regiments under General White and a brigade of the enemy undertaking to turn the left flank of Bolivar Heights, in which they were severely repulsed by the troops under General White. No further attempt was made in that line.

By General WHITE:

Question. Do you know the disposition that was made of the troops to meet that attack?

Answer. Late on Sunday evening, before dark, I went round on the extreme left ridge with Colonel Miles, and found Colonel Downey's regiment lying down in the grass, with skirmishers thrown out in the front; Colonel Downey reported that there was a large force of the enemy there. There was a force of artillery thrown out on the Halltown road, near to that line of woods. Colonel Downey said that he thought the enemy were endeavoring to cut off that cavalry squad, as they had made no demonstration on him. Colonel Downey said that he wanted Captain Shamburg's cavalry with him. Colonel Miles said he did not know where he was, but if he could find him he would have him go up and report to him, though his cavalry force was only 19 men; and, as there was other cavalry there, he saw no necessity of more cavalry at that position. He said if he wanted another infantry regiment he could have it, and ordered me to send the Thirty-second Ohio there. I found Major Hewitt, and gave him orders to go there. Major Hewitt represented that he had just received an order from Colonel D'Utassy to report to him, on the right. I told him, on my own responsibility, that that order would be countermanded, and that the order of Colonel Miles was to report to Colonel Trimble, on the extreme left; that Colonel Downey was hard pressed and needed assistance. I reported to Colonel Miles, when I got down to headquarters, what I had done, and he approved it.

Question. Do you know the disposition made by myself of the troops to meet the attack of Hill's division?

Answer. I do not.

