
Question. Unless some unreasonable demands were made?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Of course, a white flag under the circumstances can mean nothing else?

Answer. No, sir. I understood that General White was to go out and make as favorable terms as possible; that the surrender had been agreed upon, and if arrangements could be made satisfactory to General White, he was to go out and make them.

Question. Was it or not your understanding that the surrender was to be made, if, under, ordinary circumstances, reasonable and usual terms could be obtained?

Answer. That was my understanding.

By General WHITE:

Question. Did you hear Colonel Miles say, in the consultation, that the ammunition was reported expended or nearly so-substantially so?

Answer. Yes, sir; I heard him make the remark that he did not see what he could do. Says he, "General, I do not see what I can do; the artillerists report that their ammunition is entirely expended."

By the COURT:

Question. What ammunition?

Answer. Artillery ammunition entirely. Major McIlvaine had not reported in person that the ammunition was entirely expended, but the officers commanding the batteries, Captain McGrath, Captain Graham, and Captain Von Sehlen, had reported so. Captain Rigby and Captain Potts had made no such report.

By General WHITE:

Question. Did you hear Colonel Miles say anything during the council of war about the quantity of subsistence on hand?

Answer. No, sir; not in the council.

Question. Did you hear him say anything in regard to it at any other time?

Answer. I heard him say on Friday that he should have to deliver half rations. I know he had seized the flour in the stores and mills in the vicinity, and I know we were short of rations, especially of hard bread.

Question. Do you know of any attempt to obtain subsistence and forage, and of the trains sent out for that purpose being driven back?

Answer. Yes, sir. Some teams started out for hay, and I know they came back without success.

Question. You say you were with Colonel Miles constantly during the siege?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. How long was the cannonade kept up during that siege?

I do not mean continually, but at intervals.

Answer. On Thursday afternoon the cannonade commenced with Captain McGrath's battery, on the right.

Question. I mean when did the enemy commence to cannonade from their positions; as fast as they occupied them?

Answer. The cannonade commenced by Colonel Banning.

Question. When did it first commence at Harper's Ferry?

Answer. On Thursday afternoon.

