
Question. Were our batteries, the most of them, at work during that time?

Answer. Constantly at work.

Question. Was there much ammunition expended?

Answer. Yes, sir; a tremendous quantity.

Question. Did we have any guns dismounted by the enemy's fire?

Answer. I do not know of but one.

Question. Any caissons blown up?

Answer. Yes, sir; I know of a caisson and a limber-box being exploded by one of the enemy's shells; I know of one gun entirely dismounted by the enemy's fire, and another was struck and very much injured. There were some guns spiked on Maryland Heights on Saturday.

Question. Where were those guns situated that were dismounted?

Answer. On Bolivar Heights.

Question. Was not a Parrott gun destroyed on Camp Hill?

Answer. I do not personally know that. I understood that a Parrott gun had been dismounted; I did not see it.

QQuestion. Can you tell about how many effective men were in Harper's Ferry?

Answer. I can name the different regiments and give about the number of men in each regiment.

Question. I do not care about the different regiments, but the number of effective men at the time of the surrender.

Answer. I do not know the number of effective men, but we had about 11,500 men.

Question. Exclusive of cavalry?

Answer. Exclusive of cavalry; we had nearly 15,000, men including the cavalry.

Question. After the evacuation of Maryland Heights, how many men were placed for the protection of the bridge in and about the town of Harper's Ferry?

Answer. The First Maryland and the Eighty-seventh Ohio.

Question. What was on Camp Hill?

Answer. Colonel Ward, of the Twelfth New York, and a detachment of Captain Graham's company of artillery.

Question. About how many men, then, do you think that would leave for the defense of Bolivar Heights?

Answer. Not over 7,500.

Question. How far was it from the extreme right of the line of Bolivar Heights to the Shenandoah River?

Answer. A full mile and a quarter.

Question. Were there troops enough there to form more than a single line of battle along there?

Answer. No, sir; and not that without large intervals.

Question. Did you see the enemy there in the valley?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What do you suppose was the prospect of holding that position, and how long could it have been held on Monday morning after the evacuation of Maryland Heights?

