
Answer. I saw the adjutant of the regiment and a few lieutenants.

Question. Could you name them?

Answer. I could not; I was not acquainted with them.

Question. Did you see any captains?

Answer. I saw captains, too.

Question. What were they doing? You say the officers skedaddle.

Answer. They went down to help me to rally their men; a very few officers; I noticed the adjutant.

Question. Did they run in the first instance with their men?

Answer. I saw officers run with their men, but I did not notice particularly.

By the COURT:

Question. Were the enemy pressing and following them at the time, or were they running without cause?

Answer. The enemy were pressing, and the Thirty-second and our men kept them back.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. At what distance were the enemy?

Answer. Perhaps 100 or 120 yards from us.

Question. Was the fire at all a murderous one?

Answer. It was a very heavy fire.

Question. What was the loss?

Answer. I cannot tell you the loss; I can only tell of my regiment.

Question. What response did these troops make to your appeals?

What explanation, if any, did they offer of their conduct?

Answer. Some of them said they had orders to retreat. The others said, "Our comrades went down and we followed them." I was asking in a very peremptory manner, for I was very angry with them, "What is the reason you run so?" A few said, "We had orders to retreat;" and the others said,"We came after our comrades."

After their colonel was wounded nobody could keep them back. We brought them back, but in a few moments they came down again; they skedaddle again. There were a few companies, as I recollect, who stood well.

By the COURT:

Question. Did you see their major run?

Answer. I did not see him.

Question. You did not see him at all?

Answer. At the first fire I saw him; he was on the left of his regiment. I and Major Hewitt were the only old field officers there, and we did not care for our men alone, but for all. I saw their major; he stood there in the line of his regiment.

Question. Did you see him trying to get his me back?

Answer. No, sir; I did not meet him after that until in Chicago.

Question. Was he under fire when you saw him?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. He stood in his position?

Answer. Yes, sir; it was at the first fire I saw him.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What is your judgment as to the necessity of evacuating the heights at the time it occurred?

