
Question. At the time of the surrender, or rather before the surrender, did I give orders to unscrew the nipples of the rifles?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. And what did I do about the flags?

Answer. You took my flag, and you put it somewhere, and I received it again in Annapolis; and also the whole brigade flags; and you gave orders that I should give orders to my men that they should unscrew their nipples and locks if possible, the nipples sure, from our rifles, and we did so.

Question. What reason did I give for this order?

Answer. So that in case we had to surrender the enemy should not find our rifles in proper condition to use them. I gave these orders, and it was done.

By the COURT:

Question. Do you know why the guns were not brought off Maryland Heights at the time they were evacuated?

Answer. I asked Captain McGrath why did we not take the guns. He said he had orders to spike them and leave them there. That was his answer.

Question. That is all you know about it?

Answer. That is all I know about it. I received no orders except from Colonel Ford's adjutant, ever, to leave: I received no written orders.

By Colonel FORD:

Question. How long have you been a soldier, and when did you receive your first commission?

Answer. I am a soldier since my fourteenth year, since 1843. I received my first commission the 14th of May, 1849.

Question. And how long in this country?

Answer. Since the 17th of May, 1861.

Lieutenant H. M. BINNEY, recalled by General White, and examined as follows:

By General WHITE:

Question. Were you present at a conversation between Colonel Miles and General White concerning the line of defense. If so, state what was proposed by General White, if anything, and what Colonel Miles' reply was.

Answer. General White came down to Colonel Miles' headquarters, and I was present at one conversation. General White proposed to contract the lines, throwing back the left wing into a deep ravine, nearly a quarter of a mile from the left flank of the heights, to the left of the Shenandoah road, going from the Ferry to the heights. He represented that he thought our lines were too extended; that he thought by contracting the linens it would make the place more defensible in the case of an assault. Colonel Miles objected to it, stating that it would, he thought-I forget the exact words. He objected to it at any rate, stating that he desired to make a fight on the ridge of Bolivar Heights; that there was where he proposed to fight it out in case he was obliged to.

Question. Do you recollect his saying that the ravine would be enfiladed from Loudoun Heights?

Answer. Yes, sir: he represented that if the enemy should plant a battery on the plateau at Loudoun Heights, it would enfilade the position.

Question. What was the direction of this line? How would it bear from the old line?

Answer. Obliquely to the left, throwing back the left, running obliquely from the slope of Bolivar Heights.

