
Question. Was he so during the siege?

Answer. In my intercourse with him, I can say he was so.

By the COURT:

Question. How long did you serve under Colonel Miles?

Answer. About one month and a half.

Question. At that time?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Were you at Harper's Ferry for a month?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. How long were you with Colonel Miles at Harper's Ferry?

Answer. I went in on Friday evening before the surrender on Monday.

Question. How often did you see Colonel Miles during that time?

Answer. Some three or four times; that is, had conversations with him some three or four times.

Question. Where was it that you saw him-at his quarters?

Answer. I saw him twice in the street, in front of his headquarters, and once he visited my regiment, when I had the extreme left of the line, between Bolivar Heights and Halltown.

Question. Were those three times the only times you saw him?

Answer. I think I saw him one other time. I do not know when it was.

Question. How long were those interviews that you had with him?

Answer. Perhaps ten minutes each.

Question. Do you mean to say that, judging from those three interviews of ten minutes each, his conduct during the siege was not good?

Answer. I mean to say this, that from those interviews, from the letters which I received from Colonel Miles, from what I had heard other officers say, in our conversations together, of Colonel Miles' conduct, from his general bearing, because I had watched him closely during the last month-I mean to say from all that he was not competent, in my humble judgment, to command the force at Harper's Ferry; and, as an explanation of what I have said, I would say that from what I had seen of him previous to the siege, I considered that, if he was not competent to command an army previous that, I did not consider him any more competent to command during the siege.

Question. To the question asked you by General White as to the conduct of officers during the siege, you have answered in reference to General White and Colonel Trimble. What can you say as to the conduct of the others, Colonel D'Utassy and Colonel Ford?

Answer. I think that Colonel Ford performed his duty well on Maryland Heights. I saw nothing of him after we had retreated to Harper's Ferry. I understood that he was sick in his bed. Colonel D'Utassy I saw nothing of at all during the time the enemy were firing.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Was the judgment you have expressed of Colonel Miles' competency to command the one generally entertained by the officers there?

Answer. It was the general opinion. In this connection, if the court will permit me, I will say that I had a talk with Colonel Trimble, Colonel Stannard, and Colonel Willard, and I think that those officers expressed the same opinion.

By the COURT:

Question. Do you know what opinion General White himself entertained of Colonel Miles' fitness to command?

Answer. I do not.

