
while you were there by those batteries; can you form an idea of the number of times those guns were fired?

Answer. There was continuous firing.

Question. You say you saw no enemy. What were they firing at?

Answer. I presume at the enemy, somewhere.

Question. Shelling the woods?

Answer. The woods were very dense. It was impossible to see three rods in front, unless it was here and there a very small space. At the extreme right, at one time, there were six or seven "greybacks" presented themselves, and fired upon us, and we returned the fire. That was the last of them. There was a continual firing above us. I say "continual"; every now and then a few shots. There may or may not have been a very large force very near us, from all I could see.

Question. At the time the order was given for the evacuation, did you think it necessary to evacuate at that time?

Answer. I looked carefully at the order, and at the party bringing it. He seemed to be very much alarmed for our safety, and from that I drew the conclusion that it was necessary to go. Nothing from any force that I saw.

Question. Or from anything you saw yourself there?

Answer. Not from any force I saw against us.

Question. The order was from Colonel Ford, was it?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Was it in writing?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Brought by an orderly?

Answer. Brought by Major Steiner.

Question. Do you know anything of any order from Colonel Miles to evacuate?

Answer. I do not.

Question. Was Colonel Miles on the hill while you were there that morning?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. At what hour?

Answer. I should think between 11 and 12 o'clock in the forenoon.

Question. Did you have any conversation with him, or hear any conversation of his with any one?

Answer. I did.

Question. What was the nature of it-anything in regard to the evacuation of the heights?

Answer. Not anything; only about our position. I marched my regiment to Colonel Ford's headquarters and met him there. Immediately after, Colonel Miles came out.

Question. From anything you heard Colonel Miles say that day, did you think he contemplated the possibility of the heights being evacuated?

Answer. Nothing was said that I could draw any such conclusion from. At least nothing was said in my presence relative to that.

Question. Did he say anything positively to the contrary?

Answer. He did not speak of the subject at all in my presence.

