
Answer. The original route proposed on Saturday was to cross the Shenandoah near Harper's Ferry, near the point there, and to pass down into Loudoun County; then, having passed the enemy's forces, to make our way to Washington down one bank or the other of the river.

By the COURT:

Question. To cross at Keys' Ferry?

Answer. No, sir; below, about half a mile from the point, near the village.

By General WHITE:

Question. Do you recollect the reason why that was rejected?

Answer. It was pronounced impracticable. After our arrangements had been all completed, it was announced to us that the river was full of holes, and it was impossible to cross, and, therefore, Colonel Miles told me the plan must be given up.

Question. Did I talk of going with the cavalry; and, if so, what reason did I give, if any, for not doing so?

Answer. General White did talk of going with us. He proposed to go with the cavalry and lead it, as it had been put under his command; but he said it would not be proper for him to leave Harper's Ferry under the circumstances.

Question. Did you or not, after hearing my reasons therefor, advise me not to assume the command at Harper's Ferry?

Answer. I do not recollect whether I said so to you or not. I recollect thinking it would be proper. It is quite possible I may have said so to you.

Question. Did you ever hear me caution Colonel Miles to save the artillery ammunition?

Answer. I did.

Question. Will you state the conversation?

Answer. I was present in Colonel Miles' room on Sunday, I think it was. General White came in there while I was sitting there talking with Colonel Miles about our going out. He came in, evidently very much exhausted, and said that he had been for two hours watching the practice of a battery on the heights, and he was satisfied that the shells from that battery did not reach the enemy; that the battery was doing no good-was wasting ammunition to no purpose. He said that he suggested-and I recollect that he called Colonel Miles' attention to the fact that it was but a suggestion and not a command-that the battery should be stopped. Colonel Miles sat down and wrote a command for the battery to cease firing, and sent it out by one of his orderlies. At the same time General White reminded Colonel Miles that the rations were rather short, and that it might be well to spare them, in anticipation of the continuance of the siege.

By the COURT:

Question. How long have you been in the military service?

Answer. I am a lawyer by profession. I enlisted, and have been in the service since the 28th day of February last. I joined my regiment, then at Camp Porter. i was engaged for some time previously in recruiting. I have been in active service since then.

Question. In your opinion, was it necessary that Maryland Heights should have been abandoned on Saturday?

Answer. I am incapable of forming an opinion on that point. I was not on the heights at all.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Have you been associated with Colonel Miles sufficiently long to form a judgment as to his capacity for such a command as that he held at Harper's Ferry?

Answer. Perhaps my judgment might not be fair. I had an opinion, and a very decided one, upon that point. But my judgment, perhaps, might not be a fair one.

