
Question. You can express that opinion.

Answer. I did not think him competent for such a command. I thought his fault lay not in his military education, but in his character. I did not think he had enough decision of character to command such a place as that. I deemed him to be a very honest man.

Question. Did his conduct evidence self-possession, or was he disturbed, so far as you observed?

Answer. He did not seem to appreciate the responsibility he had upon his shoulders. I do not think he appreciated what he owed to his country. He had 12,000 men in his command, and I thought something ought to have been done to have saved them. There seemed to be a lack of any fixed policy on his part.

The Commission then adjourned to 11 a.m. to-morrow.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 10, 1862

The Commission met pursuant to adjournment.

* * * * * *

Colonel DANIEL CAMERON, called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Will you state to the commission what position you hold in the military service?

Answer. I am colonel of the Sixty-fifth Illinois Regiment.

Question. During the late events at Harper's Ferry and Maryland Heights where were you stationed?

Answer. I was stationed on the extreme right of the line, on the north side of Bolivar Heights.

By the COURT:

Question. Were you on Maryland Heights at all?

Answer. I received orders to go to Maryland Heights, but they were countermanded.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Have you any knowledge of the events connected with the evacuation of Maryland Heights?

Answer. I entered the Ferry on Friday night. On Saturday morning Colonel Miles desired me to get my regiment ready for marching, intimating that I was to go to Maryland Heights. I got them ready, but the order was countermanded, as Colonel Miles thought we would not be wanted there, and I was ordered to report to Colonel D'Utassy, First Brigade.

Question. What is your judgment as to the necessity of surrendering Harper's Ferry at the time the surrender was made by Colonel Miles?

Answer. When Colonel D'Utassy informed me that the place had been surrendered, I was somewhat excited, and expressed deep mortification at the announcement. I was ignorant, however, of the pressure that was upon the left, as I was stationed with my regiment upon the right, and had not been anywhere else. I do not know as I was qualified, from the position I held, to form a correct opinion as to the necessity that existed for the surrender.

Question. Do you, or not, believe that Harper's Ferry might have been held by throwing the entire force upon Maryland Heights, which commanded the defenses of Harper's Ferry?

Answer. I have no doubt whatever that it might have been so held.

Question. Did you see Colonel Miles frequently during the siege?

