
of my regiment, had lost his tents, and asked me to permit a wagon to accompany them to bring over some of the tents of our own men that had been left there, and I gave permission. When he got there he did not load with tents, but loaded with ammunition. He informed me that he could have loaded a great many more wagons, if he had had them, with ammunition of all kinds.

Question. That does not answer the question exactly. Do you know, of you own knowledge, of any of the enemy being killed or wounded?

Answer. I do not.

By General WHITE:

Question. Did you belong to the force that moved under General White from Martinsburg to Harper's Ferry?

Answer. I did.

Question. Had you any knowledge of Colonel Miles' capacity prior to your entry into Harper's Ferry under General White? If not, was your judgment thereupon formed from the events which transpired during the siege?

Answer. My judgment was formed alone from the events which transpired during the siege.

Question. You have stated that you believed Harper's Ferry could have been held if the entire force had been removed to Maryland Heights. Do you mean that the force should have been taken over before the evacuation of that position, or that it might have been reoccupied after the heavy battery had been destroyed and the enemy occupied the crest of the mountain?

Answer. I think it extremely doubtful whether we could have reoccupied the heights and held them after the destruction of the battery. The guns we brought over, the 12-pounder brass pieces, were all spiked.

Question. Did Colonel Miles tell you he was ordered to hold Harper's Ferry to the last extremity, as the reason for not allowing the troops to leave there, or did you hear it from Colonel D'Utassy as coming from Colonel Miles?

Answer. I heard it from Colonel D'Utassy, assigned by Colonel Miles as the reason why we could not leave; that we must hold the Ferry.

Question. Had you any reason to doubt Colonel Miles' competency at the time of your arrival at Harper's Ferry with General White?

Answer. I had not.

Question. Had you an opportunity to observe the officers under arrest in connection with this investigation during the siege of Harper's Ferry; if so, what was their conduct?

Answer. What I stated of Colonel D'Utassy I can also say of General White.

Question. Have you any information of the force of the enemy investing Harper's Ferry? If so, state what that force was.

Answer. I had conversation with a great many of the rebel officers, and all of them told me that to have held out would have been madness; that their force was overwhelming.

Question. What is your opinion of the utility of further resistance at the time of the surrender; that is, on Monday morning, the 15th of September?

Answer. Informed as I was, subsequent to the surrender, that the ammunition was exhausted-that the enemy were massing their men on the left, and that a great many of our regiments now in the service were not to be relied upon in a close encounter-if I had been consulted, I should probably have acted in the same manner that the other officers did.

