
Captain CHARLES GOODMAN, called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Will you state what position you occupy in the military service?

Answer. Assistant quartermaster.

Question. Where were you during the late events which resulted in the evacuation of Maryland Heights and the surrendering of Harper's Ferry?

Answer. I was at Harper's Ferry.

Question. Did you witness the evacuation of the heights?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Do you know, or have you any reason to believe, that the evacuation occurred without the orders of Colonel Miles?

Answer. I do not; I have no knowledge of that.

Question. You heard no declarations from him on the subject?

Answer. No, sir; I heard no declaration from him. I heard what others said in regard to it at the time.

Question. Were you acting as quartermaster at that time?

Answer. No, sir, I was not. I had been acting as quartermaster at Winchester, and, under the order to evacuate Winchester, I fell back to Harper's Ferry, and was there detained in my business operations until the surrender of Harper's Ferry.

Question. Do you know anything of officers and privates belonging to the rebel army having been paroled and sent out through our lines during the siege of Harper's Ferry?

Answer. Yes, sir; I know of one officer.

Question. Will you state his name, and at what time he was paroled?

Answer. I cannot give him name; he was an officer who was connected with the raid upon the train that left Harper's Ferry for Winchester the latter part of August. He was brought in a prisoner there and paroled.

Question. How long did he remain a prisoner?

Answer. He did not remain a prisoner more than two or three hours, I guess.

Question. Do you remember on what day he went out?

Answer. I cannot say precisely; but it was a few days before the battle of Harper's Ferry.

Question. Did you see him during the time he was in custody?

Answer. Yes, sir; I saw him.

Question. Where was he?

Answer. He was in Colonel Miles' apartments. I saw him pass in and saw him pass out.

Question. Did he move around through the works?

Answer. No, sir; I understood that he was a little sick, and was ordered up to the hospital on the hill. In an hour or two afterward he disappeared. He was rearrested the next day and brought in, and was then paroled.

Question. He escaped first, you say, without permission?

Answer. Yes, sir.

By the COURT:

Question. He had not, at first, been paroled?

