
Answer. He was not paroled when he was first brought in; he was sent up to the hospital.

Question. He escaped from the hospital?

Answer. He disappeared from there; nobody knows how.

Question. Where was he arrested the second time?

Answer. He was arrested out on the road toward Charlestown; back in the country there.

Question. Do you know his grade?

Answer. I do not; he was one of their officers. It is very hard to distinguish what the rank of those Confederate officers is.

Question. Do you know anything of other officers, or of privates, having been paroled?

Answer. I do not.

Question. Do you know, of your own knowledge, of this man having made his escape from the hospital?

Answer. I do not, from my own knowledge.

Question. Merely from what you heard?

Answer. It was the general report of all the officers I conversed with. I recollect there was at the time considerable indignation expressed about it.

Question. How long was he with Colonel Miles in his apartments?

Answer. He spent about an hour there, I should think.

Question. Was there anybody else present at the interview that you know of?

Answer. I do not know; I occupied the next building. I merely saw him pass in; saw the crowd, and saw him pass out.

Question. And he was paroled the next day?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Was that previous to the commencement of the attack?

Answer. Yes, sir; I think some three or four days.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Did you hear anything said in camp about 16 prisoners having been paroled together during the siege?

Answer. No, sir.

By the COURT:

Question. Did this circumstance you speak of create much excitement there at the time? Was it generally known?

Answer. It created a great deal of excitement at the time, and Colonel Miles was denounced very much for the course he had pursued.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Was his loyalty questioned by the troops?

Answer. I cannot say that it was. His loyalty was questioned by the soldiers; I do not know whether by any of the officers or not.

By the COURT:

Question. It was questioned by the soldiers?

Answer. Yes, sir.

