
Question. Do you know, of your own knowledge, that this officer was paroled?

Answer. I do not.

Question. All this you state is merely what you heard?

Answer. That is all.

Question. What do you know of the rebel force about Harper's Ferry during the siege?

Answer. It is a very difficult thing to ascertain the exact number. The staff officers who were in my room-General Hill's staff officers, two of them-stated that there were 80,000 men around us. We had a conversation in regard to the fight, and one of them said it was inevitable; that we were bound to give up; that they had force enough to crush us right out; that there were 80,000 men around us.

Question. You know only what he said?

Answer. I know this much, that on Monday night, the night after the surrender, an evacuation of Maryland Heights by the enemy took place through Harper's Ferry. My quarters were right on the main street. It was about 10 o'clock in the evening; a courier from General Jackson came rushing in my room, inquiring in an excited manner for General Hill. I remarked that he was in the next room. He went out, leaving my door open, and opened the door of the other room, and said, "General Jackson wishes to see you immediately." The remarks made, and the excited manner in which the man came in, of course convinced me that General McClellan, or some one else, was in the rear pressing them hard, and I so remarked to some of my friends who were in my room. General Hill started off immediately, and, about one hour from the time he left, the trains commenced passing through the town. They had been moving backward and forward all day; loading up and moving away, but very quietly. But in an hour from that time they passe by the hotel, generally at a trot. It excited my suspicion that something was up. I had been very unwell that day, and sat up nearly all the night. My bed was next the window, and I lay near the window. About 3 o'clock the trains had all got through. From that time I counted twenty-two regiments that passed over from Maryland Heights, crossed over the pontoon bridge, and passed right through. After they passed the bridge and came up to the hotel, the order was double-quick.

Question. They went off in what direction?

Answer. Toward Charlestown; up the valley.

Question. What was the strength of those regiments, generally?

Answer. There seemed to be about the average number in a regiment. I should think they would average about 800. I suppose there were some fifteen guns, also artillery, that passed at the same time. I did not see them all; I gave it up then. I suppose there must have been more than that.

Question. Had you any conversation with Colonel Miles in regard to his strength previous to the surrender?

Answer. No, sir; I had not. I had two or three business interviews with him while I was there; nothing else.

Question. What day was this that you saw those troops pass out?

Answer. It was Monday night, or rather Tuesday morning about 3 o'clock,it commenced.

Question. Did you see any other rebel troops there besides those that passed out?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. How many?

Answer. There were a great many troops that came in the morning of the surrender.

Question. How many?

Answer. I cannot say; the town was full of them.

Question. Were there 1,000, or 2,000, or 5,000?

41 R R-VOL XIX, PT I

