
Answer. I suppose there must have been several thousand; they were all over the village there.

Question. Those were the only ones you saw besides those that passed out?

Answer. Yes, sir; those were the only ones I saw.

Question. Do you mean that they were in town singly and in small groups, or in companies and regiments?

Answer. They came in and just scattered about. I did not go up on the hill after the surrender. I understood there were several regiments up there that came over from Loudoun Heights.

Question. Do you know whether this rebel officer that was paroled returned again with the rebel army to Harper's Ferry when the place surrendered?

Answer. I do not. I would add that the day of the surrender, during the day, quite a number of troops, cavalry, passed through the place; I should suppose there were 2,000 or 3,000.

Lieutenant JOHN L. WILLMON, called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What is your position in the military service?

Answer. I was acting as aide-de-camp to Colonel Miles.

Question. Were you present with him during the late events which resulted in the surrender of Harper's Ferry?

Answer. Part of them.

Question. Do you know of any rebel officers, who were captured, having been paroled and permitted to pass out through our lines?

Answer. One.

Question. Do you know his name?

Answer. His name was Rouse; his first name I do not know.

Question. What was his rank?

Answer. First lieutenant.

Question. Where was he captured?

Answer. That I do not recollect.

Question. How long did he remain within our lines?

Answer. Probably twenty-four hours.

Question. Was he confined in a room while there, or permitted to walk abroad?

Answer. He was in the guard-house, I think; but I will not be confident about that.

Question. He was discharged how long before the siege commenced?

Answer. I do not recollect the day. It was after the firing had commenced down the river by Berlin.

Question. Do you know upon what grounds or from what considerations Colonel Miles was induced at that moment to permit this officer to pass out through our lines?

Answer. I do not know. He had him brought up to his office, and had the door closed, and they were together there for a half an hour, I suppose.

