
Question. Were you with Colonel Miles on Maryland Heights the day they were evacuated?

Answer. Yes, sir; but not when they were evacuated.

Question. What time in the day?

Answer. Colonel Miles, Lieutenant Binney, and myself arrived there, I suppose, immediately after the hour of 10.

Question. What time did the colonel leave there?

Answer. It was, I suppose, 12 o'clock; probably after.

Question. Did you ride down with him?

Answer. I rode down with him.

Question. Did he say anything on his way down about holding the heights?

Answer. He did not, to my recollection. Going down, we had to ride in single file, and he spoke but little, in riding out, at any time.

Question. Do you know of any orders he gave, after he got down, in reference to the heights?

Answer. I saw none. I heard that he issued an order.

Question. Were you with Colonel Miles when he was first informed that the heights were abandoned?

Answer. I was not. I was then in the office, getting out a special order.

Question. How long have you been with Colonel Miles?

Answer. Since the 1st of September last.

Question. What were the characteristics of the colonel in regard to doing business; did he seem to understand his business; was he systematic?

Answer. I always admired his way of doing business; he was very exact.

Question. Did he seem to have control of all his faculties?

Answer. Yes, sir; that was one thing I admired in him; no matter how much he was pressed, he did everything, as I thought, in admirable style.

Question. Was he in the habit of issuing orders and then contradicting them by verbal orders?

Answer. Not to my knowledge.

Question. Was any complaint ever made to you that he did so?

Answer. No, sir; I think not.

Question. Did you ever see Colonel Miles, during this time, when you thought he had not the control of all his faculties, all his senses?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Were you present at the interview between Colonel Miles and Colonel Ford immediately following the evacuation?

Answer. I was not.

Question. Did you witness any bad conduct on the part of any troops on Maryland Heights?

Answer. I did.

Question. Will you state the character of that bad conduct, and of what regiment?

Answer. On our way up we met, as near as I can recollect, about two companies of

