
Question. Where were those batteries?

Answer. They were to the front and right, the three that I worked on. The batteries to my left were a little out of my range. Captain Potts was between me and them, and he attended to them.

By General WHITE:

Question. Were their batteries, in your judgment, sufficient in number and their positions such as to enfilade our lines upon Bolivar Heights, and also to deliver a flanking fire on both our flanks?

Answer. Yes, sir; that is my view of it

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Do you know why it was that the supply of ammunition was so short at Harper's Ferry/

Answer. I do not; that is a question I could not answer.

By the COURT:

Question. Had requisitions ever been made by you previously for supplies of ammunition?

Answer. No, sir. I came there with a full supply for my battery.

Question. How many rounds?

Answer. I had 600 rounds. I came with a six-gun 24-pounder howitzer battery, and I came there with 100 rounds to the gun. When I came there I required for ammunition, and was told there was a plenty there. When it became short I made inquiries-I made a personal inspection, and was told there was none.

Question. Did you ever make an ammunition return to the ordnance officer?

Answer. I made several ammunition returns there.

By General WHITE:

Question. You say you made a personal inspection for ammunition?

Answer. Yes, sir; at the wagons that were to supply us.

Question. Did you expend all those 600 rounds at that siege?

Answer. Yes, sir; with the exception of the canister.

By the COURT:

Question. Do you know that any of the enemy were killed or wounded during the siege of Harper's Ferry?

Answer. I was told by some of their own men, whom I was in conversation with, that they were cut up tolerably badly on the front. We were not allowed to go out on the grounds to see anything.

Question. Did you ever ask any intelligent officer as to the effect of your own fire on the enemy?

Answer. Yes, sir; I conversed with several in relation to it. They told me that my battery had to be taken if it cost a thousand lives; that they had two brigades in line to charge it at the time of the surrender; we could see their lines very distinctly.

By General WHITE:

Question. Was it two brigades or two divisions?

Answer. Two brigades, I understood; it might have been two divisions. I would say in relation to whom I received my orders from, that until Sunday afternoon and Monday morning I received them from Colonel Miles. I said also that I had a six-gun battery. I had two guns brought up; after I had expended the ammunition for two of the guns, I had two Parrott guns brought up. I had six guns at work all the time.

