
Question. About the close of the engagement?

Answer. Yes, sir, as they were coming back.

Question. On Monday morning, at the time you were ordered to cease firing, what amount of ammunition had you on hand, and what was its character and class?

Answer. I had not anything on hand, except about 12 rounds to the gun of canister.

Question. Had you applied for further ammunition?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What was the reply you got?

Answer. That there was no ammunition of that caliber.

Question. Had you expended all your shell at the time you were ordered to cease firing?

Answer. Yes, sir, and had my guns charged with canister at the time.

Question. Have you been in other engagements?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What was the character of the fire that morning compared with what you have seen in other engagements?

Answer. It was the heaviest engagement I have seen during my term of service.

Question. About how much ammunition had you expended during that siege?

Answer. I had drawn 1,000 rounds from the arsenal, and I expended it all during the siege, except the canister; I had left, about 12 rounds to the gun.

Question. Had you been an infantry officer before you took charge of that battery?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What is your opinion of the practicability of handling infantry under the fire of the enemy's guns that morning, that is, the amount of infantry we had, against what the enemy had in front of us, with any reasonable prospect of repulsing an attack?

Answer. I do not think, with the force we had under the fire of the enemy's guns, that we could have repulsed them at all.

Question. Do you know where infantry could have been placed in line of battle that they would not have been very badly cut up by the enemy's artillery fire?

Answer. I know of no place on the left of where I was posted, to the left of the pike and on the ridge.

By the COURT:

Question. How far from the front were you?

Answer. I had two of my pieces planted right on the pike on the top of the height, and the others of my pieces were below.

Question. To the east and toward the river?

Answer. Yes, sir.

By General WHITE:

Question. With what force did you arrive at Harper's Ferry, and at what time?

Answer. With General White's force from Winchester on the evening of the 3rd of September.

