
By Colonel FORD:

Question. To what regiment were you attached before?

Answer. To the Thirty-second Ohio.

Question. To my regiment?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you, before this battle of Harper's Ferry, ever receive an order permanently detaching you from that regiment?

Answer. No, sir; I never have yet received that order. I was detached by General Piatt, but have not yet received the order permanently detaching me.

Question. When the order came to me, from Colonel Miles, to occupy Maryland Heights with my entire regiment, do you remembers a conversation taking place between you an myself with regard to my duty in the premises as regarded ordering you there?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. State to the court what the conclusion was.

Answer. You stated to me that you had been ordered to take command of Maryland Heights, and wished me to take my battery and go along, inasmuch as you though I still belonged to your regiment.

Question. Did I speak of the necessity of having the battery?

Answer. Yes, sir; you said thought it absolutely necessary to have the battery go along.

Question. Did you go along?

Answer. Yes, sir; I went with the regiment across the river and across the canal and to the foot of the heights, when Colonel Miles ordered me back.

Question. Did he administer any reproof to you for going there?

Answer. No, sir; he had not then attached me to any brigade. He then assigned me to the Second Brigade, and afterward put me on the reserve.

Question. Were you afterward on Maryland Heights?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you hear me at any time express my anxiety at not having you there?

Answer. Yes, sir; I never saw you there, but you expressed your earnest wish to have the battery there.

Question. Did you not hear me express my anxiety on the hill there?

Answer. Yes, sir. It was on Sunday that I was first over there. I was over there several times afterward.

Question. Upon talking to you, after looking around there, did I not say that I must, of necessity, be overwhelmed there unless Colonel Miles would order you there?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What was your opinion?

Answer. Upon examining all the points, I thought it was necessary to have a battery there.

By the COURT:

Question. Do you recollect what elevation you gave your pieces in firing at this battery on Maryland Heights?

Answer. I do not recollect now.

