
Question. What elevation do you give your pieces usually in firing on a horizontal range at the distance of a mile, or from 1,500 to 2,500 yards?

Answer. About 4 is what we used.

Question. You do not recollect what elevation you gave them there?

Answer. No, sir. There were so many changes during the day that I do not recollect now what it was.

Question. Was the enemy's fire of artillery on you constantly?

Answer. Yes, sir; during Sunday.

Question. All day Sunday?

Answer. No, sir; not all day. I do not recollect now just at what time the enemy's fire opened on Sunday, but from the time they did open fire-which I think was about noon, probably a little earlier than that-it was a constant fire the whole afternoon until dark.

Question. Did this fire seem to be concentrated on your battery?

Answer. Yes, sir; Captain Graham's battery was on Camp Hill also. Our two batteries were close together.

By General WHITE:

Question. Do you remember that, prior to the establishment of the enemy's battery on Maryland Heights, while you were on Camp Hill, I came there and directed you not to fire away ammunition unless you saw men or a battery to fire at?

Answer. Yes, sir; I recollect that distinctly; it was on Sunday morning-Sunday forenoon.

By the COURT:

Question. What other engagements have you been in?

Answer. I was in the engagement at McDowell, Va.; at Cross Keys; I was in the engagement at Greenbrier last fall, but I was in the infantry service then.

Lieutenant MARTIN MCMARTIN, called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What is your position in the military service?

Answer. Quartermaster of the One hundred and fifteenth New York Volunteers.

Question. At what point were you serving during the siege of Harper's Ferry?

Answer. On Saturday I was on Maryland Heights; on Sunday I was in camp and had charge of the proposition and baggage train.

Question. Were you on Maryland Heights during the engagement that took place there?

Answer. Yes, sir; I was there I think about 11 o'clock.

Question. Did you observe the conduct of the One hundred and twenty-sixth New York there?

Answer. I did not.

Question. Was Colonel Miles there?

Answer. I did not see him there.

42 R R-VOL XIX, PT I

