
the requisition, or rather he approved the requisition I presented to him, but discovered it was not in form. I had before understood him that I must get the colonel commanding the brigade, instead of himself, to approve it. But on taking it to the ordnance officer, I found that he would not issue them without Colonel Miles' signature. I went to Colonel Miles and asked him to approve the requisition. At first he did approve it, and then discovered Colonel D'Utassy's name on the requisition, and threw it back to me, and ordered Colonel D'Utassy to make an official report as to why one-half of the regiment had been disarmed. I had taken the old arms down on getting Colonel D'Utassy's approval, supposing that was right, and turned them in to the arsenal. I thought Colonel Miles should have seen that the men had their arms.

Question. You are speaking of the One hundred and fifteenth Regiment?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What had you, as quartermaster, to do with that?

Answer. I signed the requisition for the arms.

Question. What had you to do with it? How did the requisition come to you? What had you to do with a requisition for arms in your regiment?

Answer. I made the requisition, approved by the colonel.

Question. By whose order?

Answer. By the order of the colonel of the regiment. I presented it to the Colonel Miles that it should be done it that way. He stated that he would sign no requisition whatever. He, however, probably intended to except a requisition for arms; there may be a misunderstanding about that, though. However, as he did at first approve the order before he threw it back to me, I went and got the arms.

Question. What day was that?

Answer. I think that it was the same day a portion of our regiment was sent up on Maryland Heights; two companies, I believe.

Question. Why did the colonel of your regiment postpone until that time the getting of the arms?

Answer. That I cannot say.

Question. Were they without arms, or was it to replace defective arms?

Answer. To replace defective arms.

Question. I understand you to say the old ones were then left without arms?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What number do you say were defective-about half of the regiment?

Answer. That is my recollection; that we got about 500.

Question. How long had they been that way?

Answer. I guess for two or three weeks; they were all the arms we ever had had.

Question. Did you make any requisition for arms before?

Answer. There had been one made by the colonel when we were at Charlestown, and I think he received some then.

Question. You got the arms?

