
Answer. Yes, sir; on this requisition, although I suppose Colonel Miles did not know I got them, as he threw back the requisition to me after approving it.

Question. That is the only matter you remember as connected with the service there?

Answer. At the time I went on Maryland Heights-it was about 11 o'clock, I think-I took two provision wagons; I was ordered to take provisions for two days. I got there, and not knowing exactly where the provision train should be placed, I called at Colonel Ford's headquarters and inquired there. There was some person in charge there (it was not Colonel Ford), who told me that there were some 30,000 of the enemy's troops on the heights.

Question. When was that?

Answer. During the engagement on Saturday.

Question. Who told you this?

Answer. Some one at the headquarters of Colonel Ford; I do not know who he was.

Question. Was he as officer?

Answer. I supposed he was. I understood him that the firing would be kept up for the purpose of enabling the train to get down the hill, and I think some half an hour after that either that person or some other in the headquarters there sent an order, inquiring of me the name of Colonel Sammon; sent an order to retire, as I supposed it was.

Question. So you returned with the stores?

Answer. I left them in charge of a sergeant and joined my regiment in the woods. I think about a half an hour after I joined them the order came to retire.

Question. At that time you saw no enemy, and saw no necessity for retiring?

Answer. No, sir; I saw no enemy.

Question. Was there any firing going on at that time?

Answer. Very little, there was firing of artillery.

Question. I mean infantry firing.

Answer. No, sir; very little; occasionally a shot. There had been, previous to that, before I got up on the hill.

Question. That is all you think material in answer to the question in reference to the officers named?

Answer. That is all.

Question. Do you know what amount of commissary stores were on hand at the time of the surrender?

Answer. No, sir; I do not. There was sugar, tea, coffee, some bacon-what amount I do not know.

By Colonel FORD:

Question. Will you show the court here [making a diagram of the heights on paper] where you were stationed?

Answer. [The witness explained on the diagram.]

Question. Do you know what force the enemy had upon the mountain?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Do you know what force they had in the valley?

Answer. I do not.

Question. Do you know what force we had on Maryland Heights?

Answer. I know some of them.

