
Question. Do you know their number and position?

Answer. No, sir; I think we had about 2,500 or 3,000.

Question. Do you know where the first fight was in the morning?

Answer. I was not present.

Question. Do you know where the little fortification was?

Answer. I was not there.

Question. Do you know where the lookout was?

Answer. It was pointed out to me; I did not go to it.

Question. Were you upon the mountain at all during that day?

Answer. I was up where the forces were; not on the crest of the hill.

Question. Not up to any other forces but yours?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. You did not see at all during that time the troops breaking and running?

Answer. I did not see anything of that.

Question. How long have you been in the service?

Answer. A month, perhaps.

Question. After saying that you do not know the force of the enemy, or the position of the Federal forces, or anything about the troops running, do you undertake to say it was not necessary to abandon the heights?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. What did you understand about it?

Answer. I understood I was to give an opinion from the very limited means I had of forming one.

Question. Do you not think you had the means for forming one?

Answer. I stated distinctly that I did not think I was competent to give an opinion.

Captain JOHN H. GRAHAM, called by General White, and sworn and examined as follows:

By General WHITE:

Question. What is your position in the military service?

Answer. Captain, Company A, Fifth Artillery, New York Volunteers.

Question. Did you command a battery during the siege of Harper's Ferry?

Answer. I commanded a company of heavy artillery; that is, I had the command of some light guns, not, strictly speaking, a battery.

Question. Was it not a field battery, or a portion of it?

Answer. A portion of it, yes, sir.

Question. At the time of the surrender, on Monday, the 15th, what ammunition had you on hand for your guns, and of what class?

Answer. For the whole it would be difficult for me to say. My company was divided in five different places. I had command of two guns, myself, on Bolivar Heights.

Question. Of what caliber?

Answer. One 20-pounder Parrott gun and one light 12-pounder. For those guns I had some solid shot for the 20-pounder, and percussion shell. I had all kinds of

