
Question. Was there any long-range ammunition over there?

Answer. I am not sufficiently versed in matters of artillery to be able to tell. There was a large quantity of various kinds of ammunition over there; it seemed to me of four or five different kinds. There was ammunition for brass field pieces, for those large guns over there, the rifled guns, and for the shell guns. Shot was in those naval canister, lead tanks or zinc tanks. We brought away four or five of those full, and a great many loose cartridges-large cartridges.

Question. And you think a large quantity in addition might have been brought away, if proper attention had been given to it?

Answer. I know it could.

By the COURT:

Question. How many wagon-loads more?

Answer. I think we could have filled two more wagons-two-horse wagons. There seemed to be one of those Sibley tents full of all kinds of ammunition.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Was anything said to anybody on the subject, that you know?

Answer. I reported it to the colonel, but he said he had no authority to do anything. A very short time after we came back the firing was commenced from Maryland Heights. A gun was opened not more than 200 yards from where we had been.

By General WHITE:

Question. By whom?

Answer. By the enemy, in a notch in the trees there, by the observatory.

Question. How much of this ammunition do you suppose was suited for the brass guns and how much for the naval battery-the ammunition left there?

Answer. I could not say.

Question. Did you not bring away the most of the ammunition for the brass guns?

Answer. I do not know as we made any distinction; we loaded with great rapidity, and took what came to hand first.

Question. What was your object in bringing away the shell for those large guns?

Answer. We brought away no shell.

Question. What ammunition did you bring away?

Answer. Cartridges.

Question. Powder only?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. And you mean that the ammunition brought over, which was subsequently used in the defense of Harper's Ferry, was powder?

Answer. Yes,sir. In relation to the ammunition for the brass guns, I would say that we brought away all that was in the limber. I opened one of them and they were partially filled. The brass guns themselves were spiked. Captain Hollinde, the senior captain of our two companies that went over, made the request that those guns might be delivered to him, that he might use them as a battery. He is an old Prussian artillery officer, and felt some little desire to use them in that way. He said he could unspike them and use them. I do not know as there was any action taken on that matter at all.

By Colonel D'UTASSY:

Question. Do you remember that on Sunday, when we heard firing on the other side, a report spread that relief was coming?

Answer. Yes, sir.

