
Answer. I got very little. I asked one of the rebel officers, who said he was a major-I did not know his designating marks; he said their force was 35,000 on the Virginia side, between the Shenandoah and the Potomac. That did not include Loudoun or Maryland Heights, as I understood.

Question. State what you were told in relation to the killed and wounded of the enemy.

Answer. A Colonel Walker, I think his name is-a large, tall man-came up there from Loudoun Heights, and said his battery had been there, and that his loss Sunday and Monday morning had been nearly 100 in killed and wounded from the batteries opposite to him. Von Sehlen's battery was immediately opposite to him. Phillips had fired at him, but Phillips' guns did not seem to reach as well as the rifled guns. He said his loss was nearly 100.

Question. That was on Loudoun Heights?

Answer. Yes, sir; where they had a signal station. Another officer said-not to me, but in my presence-that it kept them pretty well dodging up there-the signal officer on Friday, when Von Sehlen and Phillips were firing at them, and also Potts.

Question. Did you hear anything of the loss of the enemy in the valley in front during the fights of Sunday afternoon and Monday morning?

Answer. Do you mean on the Shepherdstown road?

Question. There and on the Charlestown road.

Answer. I heard that there was some loss on the Shepherdstown road; some of the men of my own regiment said they had shot men; that is all.

By the COURT:

Question. Did Colonel D'Utassy's men take a parole; were they paroled?

Answer. There was no reading of any parole to us; we signed no parole. I simply carried a muster-roll to General Hill and asked for a pass. He gave us a pass, which said that we were paroled men.

Question. It was a simple muster-roll, without a parole attached to it?

Answer. Nothing written upon it at all; just as they were prepared by the different regiments.

By Colonel D'UTASSY:

Question. Did they have the officers' names?

Answer. They embraced no officers' names, with the exception, I believe, of the company officers; not all of them. I know all the duplicates did not.

Question. Were they signed by me?

Answer. No, sir.

By the COURT:

Question. Were the other troops paroled differently?

Answer. I cannot say.

By Colonel D'UTASSY:

Question. What was the conduct of General White and myself in conducting the siege, so far as it came under your observation?

Answer. It struck me as being all that officers could do. I thought all that was done was done for the best.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Do you think there was an absolute necessity for the surrender of Harper's Ferry when it took place?

Answer. Under the circumstances I think there was.

