
Question. Do you think there was a necessity for the evacuation of Maryland Heights when it occurred?

Answer. That is a think I would hardly like to give an opinion upon.

By the COURT:

Question. Have you an opinion?

Answer. Yes, sir; I think I have an opinion on the subject.

Question. It is proper you should give it, then.

Answer. I think there was no necessity for the abandonment of Maryland Heights.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Have you any doubt as to the practicability of effecting the escape of all the troops from Harper's Ferry on the night previous to the surrender?

Answer. No, sir. I have no doubt upon the subject at all.

Question. Do you not think that opinion was generally entertained, and the desire generally felt that the troops should make an effort to escape?

Answer. I know very many of the officers entertained the opinion that it could be done, and they should like to try it.

Question. Did you hear any opinion expressed in favor of a surrender in preference to an attempt to escape?

Answer. No, sir.

By the COURT:

Question. You say you have no doubt about the practicability of an escape. You mean that you could escape?

Answer. Yes, sir. I think we could escape.

Question. Are you acquainted with the country about there?

Answer. No, sir. I had never been there except from September 4 till the day of the surrender.

Question. Which way did you think you could escape?

Answer. I think we should have followed the cavalry; gone over the road they did; and, judging from the resistance they meant with (I had various conversations with persons in reference how it could be done-about the defense of Harper's Ferry, &amp;c.), I thought there was no necessity for the surrender. But when the circumstances came out, as they did after the abandonment of Maryland Heights, I think there was no way of holding it.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. But, in your judgment, there still remained a chance to escape?

Answer. Yes, sir. I think Sunday night we could have gotten away.

By General WHITE:

Question. You do not doubt but what you could have got away Sunday night?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Do you know where the enemy were at that time?

Answer. On the Maryland side I do not.

Question. You never had been over the road that the cavalry went, and did not know anything about it?

Answer. No sir.

