
Question. You did not know where the enemy were there?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. From what did you get your confidence that you could have escaped that way?

Answer. Simply from what I have since learned from the cavalry; that they met with no resistance, comparatively speaking; that they took across roads and cornfields, and things of that kind.

Question. Do you know the rate at which they marched?

Answer. I do not.

Question. You are then, perhaps, not able to state that if the infantry could not have marched as rapidly as the cavalry did they could have got through?

Answer. I can only answer that question in this way: I think we might have gotten through by the way of Sandy Hook, even had the enemy been there. I think, with the force we had, we might have fought our way through. That was my impression.

Question. Did you see the force of the enemy that came over from Sandy Hook?

Answer. I did not. I heard that it was some 15,000.

Question. Did they have any artillery?

Answer. Some, I was told.

Question. The route was by way of Sandy Hook?

Answer. Passing around that knoll there, and two pieces of artillery there would make a pretty stout defense.

Question. And 30,000 men and a proper quantity of artillery would make a stronger defense?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. So you are sure you might have got away Sunday night?

Answer. I do not say I am sure. I will say that is my opinion.

Question. You express that opinion without any knowledge of the roads or of the enemy's forces?

Answer. Yes, sir.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. I understand you to say that you entertained that opinion then, and from the information you have since received, both in regard to the road and in regard to the enemy, that opinion is confirmed.

Answer. Yes, sir; that is about the idea.

By Colonel FORD:

Question. When were you first on Maryland Heights?

Answer. On that day.

Question. On what day

Answer. On Sunday.

Question. Was that the next day after the evacuation?

Answer. I have some little confusion in my mind relative to that. My impression is that it was Sunday morning that we were on Maryland Heights.

Question. You never were there until after the evacuation?

Answer. No, sir.

