
Question. Do you know anything about the strength of the enemy on Maryland Heights on Friday and Saturday?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Do you know anything about the position of our troops and their condition?

Answer. Nothing, except what I could see through my own glass.

Question. You have no knowledge of the strength of the enemy, or of the arrangement of our forces?

Answer. No, sir; none.

Lieutenant S. A. BARRAS, called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What is your position in the military service?

Answer. I am acting adjutant of the One hundred and twenty-sixth New York.

Question. You were present on Maryland Heights immediately before and at the time of their evacuation?

Answer. Yes,sir.

Question. Will you state what you observed of the conduct of the One hundred and twenty-sixth New York Volunteers, and what part they took in the defense of the heights?

Answer. It would be something of a lengthy statement.

Question. Begin at the time you were ordered over there.

Answer. The order was verbal at first; afterward there was a written order. I was present on Friday, when Colonel Miles requested a regiment, was present at the time. Colonel Trimble, the brigade commander of our brigade at the time, left it to Colonel Sherrill to go if he saw fit; they were together. Colonel Sherrill made the remark that he knew nothing about military; that he made no pretensions to military; that he was just in the field and green, but if there was to be fighting he was ready to go. they decided that our regiment was to go. That afternoon we were ordered on the hill by way of the Winchester road and Harper's Ferry; we had been on Bolivar Heights. We went up the hill and reported to Major Hewitt, I think, the major of the Thirty-second Ohio, Colonel Ford's regiment. Company A, of the regiment, was left on the slope to guard that point. The balance of the regiment were marched, two or three companies, to the lookout, and some of them beyond. That night we had a little skirmish, of which I was not an eye-witness. There were none of the Thirty-second Ohio there that night. In the morning we formed a line of battle on the north slope of the mountain, and the skirmish commenced in the morning as soon as day-break. That night we had laid in hearing distance of the enemy, hear them talk, and I heard several remarks made as to what they were going to do in the morning. As soon as daylight we had a line of battle formed across the slope and skirmishers thrown out. Company B, of the regiment, was detailed as skirmishers, and there was a company of the Maryland cavalry up there on foot. I was introduced to the captain by a captain of the Thirty-second Ohio, the one who was shot through the ear. They were let through the line as skirmishers. We hear them and drove in our pickets. There was a little breastwork, I cannot tell exactly the distance, but I should think about 80 rods-it may be farther-from the lookout. It was thrown up, I was informed, on Thursday. I did not see any of the work done. There was a little slashing in front. Some one gave the order to fall back after we were attacked. The center of the line was opened, and the skirmishers let through. Colonel Sherrill stood in the road with his revolver drawn. The men gave way and fell back to the breastwork, and, with the assistance of Colonel Sherrill and myself, we stopped them at the breastwork and held them. That was the first engagement. There was a lapse, I should think, of about an hour between the two engagements. I cannot tell exactly the time, as there was much excitement.

