
Question. What do you mean by "under the circumstances"?

Answer. There were a great many things connected with it.

Question. State what the circumstances were that you refer to.

Answer. I think if they had a-well, sir, it is a hard thing to talk about.

Question. A hard thing to talk about?

Answer. Yes, sir; it is what I had hoped I would not be called upon for.

Question. You are here to tell the truth in regard to the conduct of your regiment, whether for them of against them.

Answer. Well, sir, as far as our belief is concerned, we think we did two-thirds of the fighting on Maryland Heights.

Question. That has nothing to do with the question.

Answer. It stood as well as any regiment I ever saw for a green regiment. They were a regiment that I drilled, some of the men by moonlight, in their loadings, when we expected an engagement there, especially Company A, to which I belonged. After I got though my other duties, I took them out by themselves on Thursday night, I think it was, and drilled them in loading.

Question. Were there two companies of your regiment left at Harper's Ferry on picket when you went over to Maryland Heights?

Answer. If my memory serves me right, there were 208 detailed from the regiment for picket. I tried to get the colonel to excuse us, because we expected to march the next morning somewhere, but they detailed 200, and said we must furnish the picket because we had the largest regiment, and we did so. The balance of the regiment, I should think, there, were a little over 600.

Question. Was this picket detailed from the companies generally?

Answer. So many from each company; no particular company detailed. The whole regiment was marched up except these men detailed from each company. I forget how many from a company. I made out the detail. I believe it is on file.

Question. You say the regiment behaved well under the circumstances; now, what circumstances do you refer to?

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What, in your judgment, excused the regiment for the confusion in which it fell back?

By the COURT:

Question. We know it was a new regiment, and wanting in discipline. Those are circumstances. What other circumstances?

Answer. I do not think there was force enough on the hill; that discouraged the troops; everything looked discouraging to them. The line of battle was opened, the center of the line, and those skirmishers were let through, and several of them were wounded; all bloody.

Question. How many of them were wounded?

Answer. At that time I should think there were three or four fetched right through there wounded.

Question. That was enough to make 800 or 900 men give way?

Answer. Well, then, I think if there had been a good commanding officer on the hill that had attended to his business, and enforced the thing, that I think, would have been a little better.

Question. That is a proper reason to give. Now, is there any other circumstance of that character or of any other character that occurs to your mind?

Answer. A great many of the officers-most all the officers-were inexperienced. I do not think there was proper management, generally, on the hill; I cannot call it

