
Question. You did not know of any except in the front?

Answer. They were scattered along on the mountain.

Question. Do you know where Colonel Sammon was located?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Or Captain Palmer?

Answer. Was he from your regiment?

Question. Yes, sir.

Answer. I knew the most of them by sight, but did not know their names.

Question. Did you find those mountain roads rugged and hard and stony-hard to get over?

Answer. Yes, sir; it was almost impossible to ride a horse up. I did ride mine up and back.

Question. You had only one way to go up and back?

Answer. Only one way.

Colonel JESE SEGOINE, called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What is your position in the military service?

Answer. Colonel of the One hundred and eleventh New York Volunteers.

Question. Were you present during the late events at Harper's Ferry which resulted in its surrender?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What is your judgment upon the necessity of the surrender of Harper's Ferry at the time it occurred?

Answer. I think it could not have been avoided very well, if the information I received was correct.

Question. What is your judgment as to the practicability of the forces there escaping on the night previous to the surrender?

Answer. I am not able to say as to that, from the fact that, devoting myself exclusively to my own regiment, I seldom left my own camp unless ordered by the commandant of my brigade, Colonel D'Utassy. I gave my whole attention to my own regiment.

Question. Did your position give you any opportunity to form any judgment as to the necessity of evacuating Maryland Heights?

Answer. No, sir; it did not; because I was on Bolivar Heights. I had one company detailed the night prior to the evacuation for picket service over on the hill. They returned early in the morning. That is the most I know of that matter.

Question. Had Maryland Heights been retained, would there have been any absolute necessity for the surrender of Harper's Ferry at the time it was made?

Answer. Yes, sir; I should think there was some, from the fact that I understood from our artillery officers that our long-range ammunition was nearly exhausted. We could have held our position a few hours longer, and I supposed that we were going to make the attempt on Monday morning.

Question. Have you any doubt of the ability of our forces to reach Maryland Heights on the night previous to the surrender?

Answer. Not a shadow of it; I think they could.

