
Question. What orders did you receive, and what did you do?

Answer. I received orders from you to shell the woods of Loudoun Heights. I did shell Loudoun Heights and also Maryland Heights with my long ranges.

By the COURT:

Question. Did you ammunition fall short?

Answer. I understood from a captain of one of the rebel batteries that the first shell I threw, so he said, killed 16 of his men and wounded one of his lieutenants. I had a glass. The enemy's battery seemed to be on the summit of the hill. I could not see where my shell would light; so I supposed it must either go over or light right in the battery. Colonel Cameron and others at some distance could see better. The smoke would get so that I could not see. They said the elevation and range was very good. They supposed they lit about the battery; some fell short; that was owing to bad ammunition, I thought.

By Colonel D'UTASSY:

Question. What was the conduct of the officers now under arrest, so far as it came to your knowledge,during the siege?

Answer. I thought the conduct of General White and Colonel D'Utassy was brave, as far as I could see. They seemed to be present on all occasions that was necessary. I received orders at various times to sometimes fire and sometimes cease firing, according as it was necessary, I supposed.

Question. Did I give your orders to prepare your horses on Sunday, when the report was spread that we were about to be relived?

Answer. Yes, sir; and I did harness my horses.

Question. Will you state what happened when Colonel Miles came up?

Answer. The latter part of it is rather confused in my mind. I could not state distinctly, safely, what did follow. I know I received counter orders. At all events I did not hitch up and go out. In the confusion, I do not recollect exactly what the order was; I presume it was that I was not to go out.

By the COURT:

Question. How many did you lose in killed and wounded in your battery?

Answer. From the time I left Martinsburg I lost some 6 men.

Question. During the siege of Harper's Ferry?

Answer. Only one man. That was owing, I suppose, to the number of the shells of the enemy that did not burst. They fell all around us, though not one in ten bursted, owing, I suppose, to the shell striking the sandy substance there, choking the fuse. They seemed to use too long fuse in their shell; their range was very good.

Captain HENRY CURTIS, JR., called by General White, and sworn and examined as follows:

By General WHITE:

Question. What is your position in the United States service?

Answer. Assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, attached to General White's staff.

Question. Were you at Harper's Ferry during the siege?

Answer. I was.

Question. Were you present at a conversation between Colonel Miles and myself shortly after our arrival there, at which the plan of defensive operations was discussed?

Answer. I was present at several conversation between you. I do not recollect any one in particular.

Question. The principal point I want to get at, if you recollect it, is

