
whether you remember my suggesting to him that Maryland Heights ought to be held at all hazards, and, if necessary, to take the entire command over there; that there should be a force there sufficiently strong-that these should be sufficiently re-enforced-to hold that position at all events; that, in my judgment, if afforded the only feasible means of saving the command if escape became necessary.

Answer. I recollect your saying that to him, very distinctly, more than once, if I recollect aright.

Question. Do you recollect his reply?

Answer. No, sir; I do not distinctly.

Question. Do you recollect his saying anything about what his orders were?

Answer. I do.

Question. What did he say about his orders?

Answer. He said his orders were to hold Harper's Ferry, the town, to the last extremity, and he appeared to doubt whether holding Maryland Heights would be holding Harper's Ferry.

Question. What is your observation as to the character of the troops there, as to their general efficiency? Were they troops that had seen much service, or were they mostly raw troops?

Answer. I should think the most of them were raw. At the time I was there I was not acquainted with a great many of the troops that were there. I never had seen them before. But that was my judgment, as far as I could form one.

Question. Were you with me the most of the time I was on the field?

Answer. I believe I was with you all the time, or very nearly all.

Question. Were we on the filed when it was necessary and proper to be there?

Answer. I thought so; yes, sir.

Question. Were you present with me Sunday evening during the engagement on the extreme left?

Answer. I was.

Question. Do you recollect my ordering down to pieces of artillery from Captain Rigby's battery?

Answer. Yes,sir.

Question. And their opening?

Answer. One of them opened; the other one was unable to unlimber.

Question. What was the general result of that engagement.

Answer. So far as was within my view, the enemy were repulsed on the left of their attack. I was informed that on the right of their attack they succeeded in effecting a lodgment near our lines.

Question. That was about night?

Answer. Yes, sir; they fired there until after dark, in fact.

Question. You directed the placing of the guns?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Was the infantry engagement a pretty sharp one?

Answer. Yes, sir; quite so on the left.

Question. Have you any idea that the enemy suffered any loss?

Answer. Yes, sir; I am sure they did; they could not escape it under the circumstances.

