
Answer. The troops that were engaged principally in this action were upon the top of the mountain. They were reached by two or three roads. The road that I went more frequently to the position was to the left of the mountain, and that, I suppose, from our camp was at least 2 miles, if not 2 1/2 miles. It took almost a northern direction for perhaps a half or three-quarters of a mile, then a northwestern direction up the rugged sides of the mountain until near its top, and then the road went directly east to the block-house, or the lookout, as it was called. The order road, the military road, led by Captain McGrath's camp, along the spur of the mountain, by the Potomac, until it got to the top of the mountain, and this road was almost directly north to the lookout or the breastworks. That road was regarded as 2 1/2 miles from the camp. It was so understood to be.

Question. Taking into consideration the condition of those roads, how long would it have taken me from my camp to have visited the several points where those troops were stationed and returned?

Answer. You could not have gone around, in my opinion, under three, perhaps four, hours; not under three hours, I am satisfied.

Question. During that day, were the persons commanding at those different points continually sending couriers to me, every five or ten minutes?

Answer. I believe so; the couriers came frequently.

Question. I want you to go on and tell the court what you know about troops running down from the mountain, in confusion, into the valley.

Answer. On the morning of the 13th, Saturday morning, the hour I do not remember, there was a number of troops came down the hill in a great deal of confusion; ran by, or hurried by, Colonel Ford's quarters; I pursued them and forced them back forced them back to his quarters, and there held them until they were brought into order, and sent up the mountain toward the battery. I believe they could not be got well beyond that; that is, I so understood.

Question. How long did this breaking of troops continue during the day there? If all day, state it.

Answer. It was pretty much from the morning, I think, about 8 o'clock, up until the order was received for evacuating; I think so.

Question. Did you notice my exertions in endeavoring to get those troops back into position?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. And also the exertions of Colonel Miles?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you see us working together at it?

Answer. Yes, sir; Colonel Miles was present during the morning. I heard you threaten very emphatically some troops that were near your quarters. You used very strong language, and told them that if they did not return you would shoot them. You were then in your saddle.

Question. Was Colonel Miles and I engaged in the same effort to get these troops back there?

Answer. I think so.

Question. What time in the morning did Colonel Miles come up on the side of the hill there?

Answer. My impression is that it was about 9 or 10 o'clock; that is my impression; I may be wrong.

Question. How long did he remain there?

