
Question. From all you know, from all you saw there, the troops running away, and all these things taken into account, in your opinion was there a military necessity for evacuating the heights?

Answer. I think so; when they were all running; I did not see anybody standing their ground, as I thought, doing proper. I could hardly get through with an order as I was sent up the heights. It was almost impossible to get through the troops running down the steep mountain road. I went up eight times, I believe, during the day.

Question. Is there anything else you think of? If so, state it.

Answer. I do not remember. There were a great many things that transpired there.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Did you know any of the officers of the One hundred and twenty-sixth?

Answer. By sight, only.

Question. Not by name?

Answer. No, sir; I did not know them by name. The first I saw of them was that morning.

Question. Did they seem to be as conspicuous in the flight as their men, or did they attempt to rally their men?

Answer. I saw a great many of the line officers on the slope of the mountain. I did not see any down where we got the majority of the runaways. I was told, however, they were there.

Question. What were those officers doing?

Answer. Standing around the hospitals and ambulances and ammunition wagons.

Question. You saw none of them attempting to rally their men?

Answer. I did not; not one of them.

By the COURT:

Question. You did not know Major Baird, of that regiment?

Answer. I knew him when I saw him. I had just seen him that morning. I had not seen him before.

Question. What was he doing?

Answer. I did not see him at all. I only know by hearsay.

Question. Did you see any other troops running except that regiment?

Answer. I did not.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Did they throw away their arms, or did they carry their arms with them?

Answer. Some of them had arms, others had not; the majority had arms. Those that came off the western slope, through the bushes, had lost their arms, some of them. They were all "sick" when I saw them.

By the COURT:

Question. Do you know how many regiments were on the hill besides this One hundred and twenty-sixth?

Answer. There were only our regiment and a dismounted cavalry company up on the top of the hill.

Question. Were those the only forces under Colonel Ford?

Answer. No, sir. We had some off on the western slope.

