
Answer. I have no idea. I should think 20,000, perhaps 30,000, and a large amount of artillery. They crossed all night, until 10 o'clock the next day, without any intermission whatever, marching by the flank past by where I was quartered.

Mrs. ELIZABETH BROWN, called by Colonel Ford, and sworn and examined as follows:

By Colonel FORD:

Question. Are you the wife of Captain Brown, First Regiment Potomac Home Brigade?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Were you on Maryland Heights on the day of its evacuation?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Are you acquainted with Colonel Miles?

Answer. No particular acquaintance; only just when I saw him passing.

Question. You were in the habit of seeing him up there?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you hear a conversation between Colonel Miles and myself on the day of the evacuation?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Where, and what was it?

Answer. On Saturday, near 12 o'clock, I think it was.

Question. Go on and relate the conversation.

Answer. I went upstairs and took off my shoed, to listen. You were ordering the men to leave the room while you were talking. I heard Colonel Miles tell you that your men would to fall back to the Ferry; they could not hold the heights; the thing was impossible; the rebel force was too strong. You rose to your feet and swore you would be damned if you could not hold it, provided he would send re-enforcements. He said he had sent al he could spare. You were swearing, and said that it was a shame that the men should have to give up.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question: Was this on the heights?

Answer. Yes, sir; up in Mrs. Buckle's room, where Colonel Ford staid. I was listening down the stove-hole. There was nothing but a board floor, and a tin over the hole, which I lifted up. the reason I listened was that I was anxious to hear what was going on. My husband was on the battle-field, and I wanted to know what was going to be done. That was all I heard. I slipped my gaiters on again and went down stairs after that, and picked up what I could carry away with me, when I fount I had to leave.

By the COURT:

Question. Did you hear all the conversation:

Answer. That was all I heard.

Question. Were they conversing before you were there?

Answer. I do not know; I expect they were; I just heard that much, no more.

Question. Was there any one else in the room besides Colonel Miles and Colonel Ford?

Answer. No one but their two selves.

By Dr. MILES:

Question. Could you see from this stove-hole all over the room, whether there was anybody else in there or not?

