
Question. Sunday morning?

Answer. Yes, sir; perhaps not quite so late as 9 o'clock.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. You reported in person?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you give him the details of the situation at Harper's Ferry?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Will you state what he said to you?

Answer. I reported to him the information that Colonel Miles directed me to give about his situation; that he could hold out forty-eight hours; that he had subsistence for forty-eight hours; and then told him that Maryland Heights had been evacuated. He asked me if Colonel Miles held Loudoun Heights. I told him there was no force there we knew of, of either army. He replied that General Franklin was then on his way to relieve that garrison; and he immediately sent off a messenger to General Franklin to urge him forward. He then asked me if I thought I could get back to Colonel Miles. I told him I did not think I could. He afterward sent me with a note to General Franklin, as I told him I was acquainted with the country there, and knew the position of the enemy, and perhaps could be of assistance to him. I got upon my horse and went to General Franklin.

Question. At what time did you leave General McClellan?

Answer. Perhaps it was 10 o'clock on Sunday morning.

By the COURT:

Question. You what time did you reach General Franklin?

Answer. Not more than an hour.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. At what time did you reach General Franklin?

Answer. It must have been 3 o'clock, I should think.

Question. On the same day?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you find him marching or in camp?

Answer. He was then fighting the battle of the gap when I reached him.

Question. Which gap?

Answer. The gap just back of Brownsville; I do not know any particular name for it.

Question. Did you immediately communicate with him?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What did he say to you?

Answer. He requested me to remain there. I stopped about there until the enemy was driven from the gap; then General Franklin's corps rested for the night, and was there the next morning, Monday morning. General Franklin moved his force up through the gap, and formed a line of battle there about 9 o'clock, I should think us, and while we were there in line of battle the firing at Harper's Ferry ceased. There was very heavy cannonading in the morning. It ceased, and General Franklin said he had no doubt Harper's Ferry had been surrendered. He sent a message to General McClellan, asking whether he should proceed or remain where he was. I asked General Franklin if I could be of any further use to him. He said if I wished to go any where else, he had no objection. I then left and went down to Williamsport, where a part of my command was.

46 R R-VOL XIX, PT I

