
Question. Who bore the message back to General McClellan? You did not bear it?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. And you do not know whether it reached him, or what was his reply?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. What distance was Franklin's command from Harper's Ferry?

Answer. About 7 miles.

Question. Did General Franklin speak to you as being then under orders to relieve that place?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Was he moving in that direction at all?

Answer. He was moving in that direction.

Question. Was the enemy formed in line of battle between him and Harper's Ferry at the time you speak of?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did General McClellan express any surprise at the condition of affairs at Harper's Ferry, as related by yourself?

Answer. He was very much surprised. I do not recollect how he manifested that surprise. Some expression he made use of indicated that he was surprised that Maryland Heights had been given up.

By General WHITE:

Question. Has you any means of judging of the force of the enemy in front of General Franklin at that time? If so, what do you think it was?

Answer. The enemy had his force drawn up in two lines. I could not tell about the gap what the enemy's force was. But the next morning, after we had moved through the gap, there were two lines of battle, and there seemed to be about two brigades in each.

by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Have you any doubt about the ability of General Franklin to have relieved Harper's Ferry on Monday if it had held out?

Answer. None whatever.

Question. the assurance you bore to General McClellan was that the command could hold out forty-eight hours from Saturday evening?

Answer. Yes, sir.

By the COURT:

Question. Will you state exactly what you told General McClellan?

Answer. I told him I had been sent by Colonel Miles from Harper's Ferry to report his condition there, and then I reported the condition; that Colonel Miles told me that he had subsistence for forty-eight hours, and he thought he would be able to hold out that time, and if he was not relieved by what time he would have to surrender. I told him that Maryland Heights had been evacuated, and that all our forces were upon the Virginia side of the river.

Question. Was anything said by you, any message sent by you to General McClellan, in regard to a deficiency of ammunition?

Answer. No, sir.

