
Question. Did not Colonel Miles tell you to say so?

Answer. No, sir; he merely spoke of subsistence.

Question. Was any officer present besides Colonel Miles at the time he gave you those instructions?

Answer. Colonel Ford was present, and Colonel Davis of the cavalry regiment; I forget the number of his regiment now; and I think General White was present, but I am not certain about that.

Question. Did they concur in the opinion expressed by Colonel Miles, that they could hold out for forty-eight hours?

Answer. No, sir; I did not hear any of them make any remark to that effect.

Question. Did they hear the conversation?

Answer. Yes, sir.

By General WHITE:

Question. Did you have more than one conversation with Colonel Miles about going away from Harper's Ferry on this expedition?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Was it at the first or at the last, the final, conversation at which you think I was present?

Answer. I could not tell. My impression is that you were there, and Colonel Miles was speaking to me, and I recollect your smiling at something that was said. That is the only thing I remember about your being there. I had a conversation with him before I went down to select my men. He ordered me to report after I was ready to start, and I went back and did so.

By the COURT:

Question. Your notification to General McClellan was on Sunday morning at 9 o'clock?

Answer. I judge it to be about 9 o'clock. They had just got through breakfast - General McClellan had - when I got there.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Did you see the orders which you bore to General Franklin from General McClellan?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. You do not know their precise character?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Whether they were imperative and urgent?

Answer. When I arrived General McClellan immediately sent off a message by on messenger, a fresh man upon a fresh horse, and I stopped in General McClellan's quarters. He ordered me a breakfast. After breakfast he wrote another dispatch, and I bore that myself.

By the COURT:

Question. Have you any idea what were the contents of that first communication?

Answer. None at all.

Question. Do you know the contents of the second?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Could the cannonade of this engagement on Sunday evening,

