
of which you speak, at the gap, have been distinctly heard at Harper's Ferry?

Answer. Yes, sir; unless the cannonading there was very great.

Question. The engagement with the enemy was not resumed on Monday morning?

Answer. No, sir.

By the COURT:

Question. did you hear distinctly, all the while, after you reported to General McClellan, the cannonading at Harper's Ferry until it ceased on Monday morning?

Answer. While I was near Frederick I heard cannonading; but I could not swear that it was at Harper's Ferry; I believed it to be in that direction.

Question. The reverberations through those mountains would render it uncertain whether it was the action of General Franklin or at Harper's Ferry; it was near enough in that direction to prevent your telling which it was?

Answer. Yes, sir. Monday morning we could hear the cannonading from Harper's Ferry very distinctly and very terrific.

Question. After you got in position with General Franklin?

Answer. Yes, sir.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Did you understand it to be the purpose of General Franklin to press on, until after the cessation of the cannonading that morning?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. There was no obstacle in his way? You spoke of the enemy being formed there that morning.

Answer. Yes, sir; the enemy was formed directly in front of him.

Question. That from was in the direction of Harper's Ferry?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Would he have had to have fought a battle to have reached Harper's Ferry?

Answer. Yes, sir; and then a report came in tht the enemy were moving down upon his right flank, moving from Sharpsburg. I believe that is the reason why General Franklin did not [move] forward and engage the enemy immediately.

By the COURT:

Question. What was on General Franklin's right, of our troops?

Answer. None of our troops.

Question. was there no troops between General Franklin's and General McClellan's position? If so, they must have been on General Franklin's right.

Answer. After we passed through the gap, General Franklin's line was thrown across the valley, his right resting upon the mountain.

Question. I mean the general line of the troops, not the immediate position that he occupies at the moment, but the general position of our army on Franklin's right; or you may call it between his position and General McClellan's headquarters, the direction that you passed over. In other words, did you see other troops before you joined Franklin?

Answer. No, sir.

