
Question. Did you know of any that were near you, but out of sight?

Answer. No, sir; I think his army corps was sent alone.

Question. Where was the rest of our army?

Answer. Down about Boonsborough.

Question. They were then on his right and in advance, were they not?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. In other words, General McClellan could have sent word to the commanding officer of that force to have looked out for any force coming from Sharpsburg to flank Franklin?

Answer. Sharpsburg was nearer to General Franklin than General McClellan was.

Question. Still, there were other troops that could have co-operated with Franklin, could they not, in the event of his undertaking to push his way through to Harper's Ferry, should the troops of the enemy threaten his flank?

Answer. [No answer.]

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Do you know the amount of force that General Franklin had under him at that time?

Answer. I do not.

By the COURT:

Question. Do you know anything of any rebel officers or men being paroled by Colonel Miles and sent out through our lines during the siege of Harper's Ferry?

Answer. While I was at Harper's Ferry I captured an officer between Harper's Ferry and Frederick; I sent him back to Colonel Ford, and Colonel Ford sent him over to Colonel Miles, and I heard that he was paroled and set at liberty.

Question. Was that when you were on your way to carry the message to General McClellan?

Answer. No, sir; I think it was before.

Question. What was that officer's name, do you know?

Answer. No, sir; I do not remember it.

Question. Was it Rouse?

Answer. I do not remember distinctly enough to swear to it.

Question. Did you hear Colonel Miles say anything about it, subsequently.

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Did you have any conversation with this rebel officer that you captured?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did he say anything about having known Colonel Miles or being acquainted with him?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Did he state that he was from Winchester, or from near Winchester, or where he had been serving?

Answer. He stated that his home was near Maryland Heights, in Maryland.

