
By General WHITE:

Question. You say the engagement between General Franklin's corps and the enemy occurred on Sunday?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. About what time of day did that battle cease?

Answer. Near sundown.

Question. From that time up to the time when the cannonade at Harper's Ferry ceased, was there any movement of that force under General Franklin, in any direction?

Answer. Yes, sir; General Franklin advanced, perhaps, a mile.

Question. And found the enemy in line of battle?

Answer. Yes, sir; and threw his own force in line of battle.

Question. You say, also, that it was understood toward Harper's Ferry he would have been compelled to have fought a battle?

Answer. It was so reported.

Question. You also say that in his movement toward Harper's Ferry he would have been compelled to have fought a battle?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Was the force of the enemy so trifling that you think he would have had no difficulty whatever in relieving Harper's Ferry during the day?

Answer. If the enemy had not been re-enforced, I think he would have had it in a few hours.

Question. You expressed yourself as being without any doubt that he might have reached Harper's Ferry during that day. Are not battles of somewhat doubtful issue at times?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. I only want to call to your attention that you expressed yourself unqualifiedly of opinion that General Franklin might have reached harper's Ferry during the day, and still you say a battle would have to have been fought. If you are still of that judgment that is all right.

Answer. I think he could have whipped the enemy and reached Harper's Ferry both, before night.

By the COURT:

Question. Do you [know] how numerous the enemy were at that point?

Answer. I judge there were about four brigades.

Question. What means had you of knowing?

Answer. Only by what I could see of the enemy. The enemy was in an open field; one line thrown behind a stone wall, and the other line behind a rail fence.

Question. Did you see their artillery?

Answer. I saw part of it. I do not know that I saw all of it.

Question. did you see their cavalry?

Answer. Yes, sir. Their cavalry was very light.

By General WHITE:

Question. You do not know whether the divisions of General McLaws and General Anderson were both there or not?

Answer. No, sir.

