
formed a line, or a column rather, upon what had been our left. And we could hear the men give three cheers down there on the slope of the hill. The line the enemy formed there would take him directly on toward the siege guns.

Question. You say that Colonel Ford had but a handful of men up to the breastwork. Do you know how he had the rest of his forces disposed on the heights?

Answer. No, sir; I do not. His own regiment was quite small. Colonel Miles had placed a force of two companies, I think, down by the siege guns. They remained there.

Question. As I understand you, the only place being pressed or threat need at that time was this point at the breastwork?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. And, in your opinion, the force there was too light to hold it?

Answer. Yes, sir. When we retreated we had to retreat through the enemy's fire. When we retreated from the breastwork we had to retreat through the enemy's fire upon our left flank; they could rake the breastwork from the position they had already attained.

By Colonel FORD:

Question. Were you sent out by me on Friday evening to feel the enemy's position on the heights, and to examine their situation?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. How did you find it there on the heights out toward Solomon's Gap?

Answer. The enemy was pressing us close there, on Friday night.

Question. And in great numbers?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you report that fact to me when you came back?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you come back off the heights and report to me that with my force it was impossible for me to hold those heights; that they were driving us as they pleased there? During the day, 12 o'clock or 1, when you were wounded and came down, you spoke of the condition of the troops, their running, and our small force. Did you speak of the necessity of new re-enforcements?

Answer. Yes, sir. I think I asked you the question why Colonel Miles did not send us re-enforcements; that it was impossible for us to hold the heights with the men we had there.

Question. You spoke of seeing me at Harper's Ferry, in Colonel Miles' headquarters; do you recollect what time of night that was?

Answer. I think that was about 9 o'clock.

Question. Were we not in there alone when you came in?

Answer. I think you were. I could not swear to it; but I think you were.

Question. And this colonel came in and stood off at an open space. Colonel Miles was sitting at the table, and I was talking to him. Was that the condition of things?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Were we conversing pleasantly and agreeably about the whole affair?

Answer. Yes, sir; there seemed to be nothing but good feeling there.

