
Question. You spoke of some laughing that took place at a remark Colonel Miles made. Did not Colonel Miles say, in reply to some one- I was speaking about your condition, and that they would be likely to be very harsh with you, and I wanted you to get away - did not Colonel Miles say, "Go; and if you see any man that has ever heard of the United States Government or the United States Army, say that I cannot hold out here much longer"?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Colonel WILLIAM G. WARD, called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What is your position in the military service?

Answer. I am colonel of the Twelfth Regiment national Guards, State of New York.

Question. Where were you during the late events at Harper's Ferry, which resulted in its surrender?

Answer. I was stationed, in command of the Fourth Brigade, at a place they called Camp Hill.

Question. You have no knowledge of the events which occurred on Maryland Heights?

Answer. Nothing further than what I could see.

Question. What is your judgment as to the necessity of the surrender of Harper's Ferry at the time it took place?

Answer. I think, from all that I have been able to learn, that at the time we could have held out but a few hours longer, if so long.

Question. Had the cannonade commenced in the morning before the surrender?

Answer. Yes, sir; the cannonade commenced at early daylight.

Question. The surrender occurred at what hour?

Answer. I think the white flag was shown about 7.30 o'clock. The firing continued more than an hour afterward.

Question. Do you think you could have held out until evening?

Answer. I think it is possible that an assault might have been resisted; although, not being in front, it is impossible for me to say. I certainly could have supported the force on Bolivar Heights considerably with artillery from my left.

Question. Do you think the force could have retreated from Harper's Ferry the night previous?

Answer. I think they might have tried it.

Question. Do you think the chances were in favor of success?

Answer. Yes, sir; I think so, decidedly.

By the COURT:

Question. Which direction did you think offered the best chances of success in evacuating the Ferry?

Answer. To go to the north and west; to go across the Potomac and go to the north and west, presuming that the enemy's force was still chiefly to the south and east of us. I thought our best chance was to go to the left.

Question. Do you know anything about Colonel Miles having paroled some prisoners during the siege?

Answer. Not to testify to.

