
Question. You did not see the writing, and do not know by whom it was signed?

Answer. I saw the handwriting, and read the order, and others read it at the same time.

Question. How did you know that it was an order?

Answer. By the heading.

Question. Yes, sir; but not knowing from whom it came, or by whom it was signed, how could you tell that it was an order?

Answer. It was headed an order; General Orders, No.--, I could not tell what and then went on in the usual style and form of an order.

Question. How did you understand it to be genuine? If it was not a genuine order it was no order at all. You say you did not know the handwriting. Did you know Colonel Miles' handwriting?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. How did you know that it came from him, or anybody?

Answer. I could not swear to that, but I had no reason to think anything else.

Question. Was it a staff officer who brought it?

Answer. I was not acquainted with his staff. I did not know the person who brought it.

Question. How was it signed?

Answer. I could not say now as to that. Lieutenant Patterson, of our regiment, also saw the order, and read it. It was a very good handwrite, but a little hard to read.

Question. It was merely a paper purporting to be an order, brought to you by a stranger?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Do you remember the substance of the order, what it stated, its language?

Answer. Yes, sir; I gave that in my evidence the other day.

Question. Is that the order you referred to in your former evidence, where you were to fall back and fire some combustibles?

Answer. Yes, sir; that is the order.

Question. Then it was not an order applicable to this particular engagement?

Answer. I think it was.

Question. How can an order be given the day before in reference to an engagement tht you do not know will come off at all?

Answer. That was the only instructions that I had, or that I knew of any one having.

Question. Then you took the responsibility of deciding that the time had come to which that order applied?

Answer. I did not take any responsibility.

Question. You say you sent word to the captains to hold on as long as they could?

Answer. Yes, sir; the most critical moment seemed to be at that time, when the colonel of the One hundred and twenty-sixth was wounded, and his men fell back en masse; and it left but very few men there at the breastwork; and I sent these instructions forward, to have them hold on as long as possible, and, if compelled to fall back, why to do it in good order. At the same time I was endeavoring to stop these men, and prevent them from leaving.

