
I did not hear of it until I got down to headquarters. It seems that Colonel Davis brought him to headquarters to deliver him to Colonel Miles, and waited there at the quarters for some time for our return. But the officer complained of this wound, and Colonel Davis sent him up to the hospital and have his wounds dressed. The surgeon, it seems, rode up to the hospital in front, and the team followed on behind. The surgeon says that he did not understand that he was a prisoner. When he arrived there the team was not behind him and could not be seen. As soon as we heard of it we sent out scouts after him, but did not overtake him till morning. We do not know how he got out, he said he had flanked us with his team. He was recaptured the next morning and brought up to Colonel Miles' room, and was in the room something like an hour. I heard part of the conversation between this Lieutenant Rouse and Colonel Miles. Colonel Miles did everything he could to worm out of him the position of the enemy and what their plans were, but he could get no information of any importance at all from him. There was considerable talk with regard to his parole. The young man begged for his parole, and gave his word as an officer and as a gentleman that he would not undertake to take up arms again until he was properly exchanged. He had some conversation in regard to Colonel Davis, on account of some insulting language that Colonel Davis had used toward him. He put on considerable airs about his honor, and being a gentleman, &amp;c. He was finally paroled, Colonel Miles having paroled this man, and there were some remarks made in regard to it. there seemed to what I heard in that line. He represented that it was not worth while to pay attention to it; that at that time there had been nearly 300 Union prisoners who had been taken at Manassas and paroled, who had passed through Harper's Ferry and sent on to baltimore, and he said that if our men were entitled to parole theirs were. This officer, I think, was paroled nearly five or six days previous to our being attacked at saw was under command of this Lieutenant Rouse, who had his sword drawn, in command of the company. I spoke to General Hill about it, and called his attention to it; but he said he did not know anything about it. I then suggested to General Hill that there was a good chance for him to swap me off for him, but he did not pay any attention to it. This lieutenant had represented that he was severely wounded in the thigh. I do not know whether he was or not. I know he was on duty that day. I do not think that Colonel Miles - I never heard anything said about it - was any way acquainted with this man or had ever seen him before. There was another officer captured, the one Major Russell speaks of, named Bougher. He was a Marylander, and his family resided somewhere down near Berlin. I think he was a formed acquaintance of Colonel Miles. He was not paroled, so far as I know. I know he was in jail for some time, and his wife came and interceded with Colonel Miles to parole him; but I do not know that he paroled him. I think he was in jail there when we surrendered.

Question. Were you present during the whole interview between Colonel Miles and Lieutenant Rouse?

Answer. No, sir. I went in there with a letter Colonel Miles had directed me to write, as we always carried the letters to him to read over before we sent them away. As I went in he told me he was busy then, but would attend to me in a moment. I sat down and heard part of the conversation. I know Colonel Miles hesitated some time before he gave him a parole.

Question. On what day was this prisoner taken?

Answer. I do not recollect. It was before the siege commenced; before we were attacked at Solomon's Gap. I think it was about a week before we were attacked at all that he was paroled.

Question. Are you certain of that?

Answer. It was about the time our pickets were being driven in down by Point of Rocks, about the time the report was brought in of the enemy's crossing the Potomac, before we had any attack at Harper's Ferry. I think it was after the railroad had been destroyed, and the communication cut off with Baltimore.

By the 	JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. You say that when you brought the matter to General Hill's notice he declined paying any attention to it?

Answer. Yes, sir.

