
Question. He did not seem to regard the breach of parole as any impropriety?

Answer. No, sir. I did not hear the young man say anything myself, but I understood that when some one remarked to him about his being there on duty, he laughed at the idea of his parole. I am satisfied, from observations that I have had, that all who have been paroled, as soon as they get where their army is, go right into service again without paying any attention to their parole.

Question. You think that is the general rule, as far as you have observed?

Answer. Yes, sir.

By the COURT:

Question. Did you ever know of any other case than this?

Answer. Yes, sir. I knew of the case of an officer taken at the time General Saxton was in command there; at the time of the former raid of Jackson down the valley.

Question. Do you know anything of several privates having been paroled and sent out by Colonel Miles?

Answer. Yes, sir; there were two privates taken by General White's command on Sunday night. I think they belonged to the South Carolina troops. they were paroled. I never saw anything of them afterward; they were paroled and sent out of the lines.

Question. On Sunday night during the siege?

Answer. I think it was the time they turned the left flank. They were paroled. I never saw anything of them afterward; they were paroled and sent out of the lines.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. At what time was that?

Answer. That was, I think, on Friday afternoon.

Question. Were there any paroled larger than that?

Answer. Not that I recollect of, except the two privates taken, I think, on Sunday night. I may be mistaken.

Question. The siege was then being pressed?

Answer. Yes, sir; the two privates were blindfolded when they were passed out of our lines.

By General WHITE:

Question. What privates?

Answer. Those taken on Sunday night.

Question. When were they sent out of the lines?

Answer. I think Sunday; it may have been Saturday night.

Question. By whom?

Answer. I escorted them out myself. Colonel Miles escorted the two citizens who represented that they were conscripts. One of them Colonel Miles appeared to have been acquainted with before. They were escorted out as far as where the road goes over Bolivar Heights, buy Colonel Miles, Mr. Willmon, and myself. Then he directed me to escort them out to where our pickets were, in the piece of woods. I went down there, but the pickets refused to let them pass them there, and I had to go back and get the officer of the day.

