
By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. You say they were blindfolded as they passed through our lines?

Answer. The two privates were.

Question. Were they blindfolded as they came in?

Answer. I do not know. I know they were as they passed out. Our guard-house was full of citizen prisoners, and we had no place to put them, and our provost guard were on duty guarding the bridge.

By the COURT:

Question. You say that Colonel Miles was acquainted with one of these men?

Answer. One of the citizens who represented themselves to be conscripts. Yes, sir.

Question. Where had he known them; do you know?

Answer. I do not know. I had seen them before, myself; either at the Ferry of somewhere else.

By Dr. MILES:

Question. Do you know anything of the private conversation that took place between Colonel Miles and Colonel Ford, about which the female witness yesterday testified that there was no one in the room?

Answer. I know I was present in the room at that time.

Question. Did you hear the conversation?

Answer. Yes, sir; I repeated the conversation in my former evidence.

Question. Were not the troops at Harper's Ferry regularly brigades?

Answer. They were regularly brigades previously to occupying Maryland Heights. However, the heights had been occupied for some months past by a battalion of the Maryland Home Brigade and McGrath's battery. After the troops were brought down by General White from Winchester, and he had left for Martinsburg, the troops were regularly brigades in four brigades.

Question. Was it not customary to send orders to brigade commanders and have them issue copies?

Answer. Yes, sir. After the troops were brigades, I never knew Colonel Miles to write a letter or issue an order respecting any independent battalion, regiment, or battery. I never knew him to send it directly to any regiment, but to the brigade commander, and let him issue it. I never knew him to issue any orders to any one except to brigade commanders.

Question. When verbal orders were given, if of any importance, did he not send a written order immediately afterward?

Answer. He did not often give verbal orders. if on the field he gave any verbal orders, if it was of any importance he sent a written order after he got to his headquarters.

Question. Did Colonel Miles allow his aides or any of his staff to issue orders?

Answer. No, sir; he never allowed us to issue an order. He always wrote out himself and brought it to us to copy, and also all tellers of any importance he always wrote himself. Some of little or no importance at all - as, for instance, he would come in and tell us perhaps, "Answer this letter so and so." But it was always submitted to him for him to read before it went away.

Question. Were all orders and letters copied?

Answer. Yes, sir. All orders, and letters and telegrams, whether of great importance or not, were always copied in the letter-book.

