
By the COURT:

Question. Did you keep any register of prisoners who were paroled?

Answer. Yes, sir. I think that in the letter-book are the names of all the prisoners, whether political or prisoners of war. Every once in a while we would clean out the guard-house and send them off to Baltimore; and with them were sent officers with a list of their names, where they belonged, and the charges against them.

Question. Is that letter-book with the papers we have sent for?

Answer. Yes, sir; I think it is with the papers, and there is a file of the paroles. Citizens he generally paroled with the understanding that they should report to him every ten days or six days.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. You heard that statement which that lady gave yesterday in regard to the conversation between Colonel Miles and Colonel Ford?

Answer. Yes, sir; and I thought the stove-hole must be small, or I was, one of the two, for I certainly was in the room.

Question. Is your recollection of the conversation substantially different from her statement?

Answer. No, sir. My evidence is the same as hers exactly; the wording may be a little different, but it is the same in substance.

The Commission the n adjourned to 11 a. m. to-morrow.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 20, 1862.

The Commission met pursuant to adjournment.

* * * * * * * *

After some time spent upon the investigation in relation to the evacuation of Winchester by General White, the Commission resumed the investigation in relation to the evacuation of Maryland Heights and the surrender of Harper's Ferry, and proceeded to the examination of witnesses.

Colonel WILLIAM H. TRIMBLE, called by General White, and sworn and examined as follows:

By General WHITE:

Question. What is your position in the military service?

Answer. Colonel of the Sixtieth Regiment Ohio Volunteers (infantry).

Question. Were you bon duty at Harper's Ferry at the time of the surrender of that place, and for some days prior?

Answer. I was.

Question. In what capacity?

Answer. I had been placed by Colonel Miles in command of a brigade the second day after I arrived at Harper's Ferry from Winchester.

Question. At the time the siege of Harper's Ferry commenced, in what position was your brigade placed?

Answer. Directed by Colonel Miles, the day he gave me orders appointing me as commander of a brigade, to take the left flank, stationing two regiments on Bolivar Heights, resting on the Charlestown road, and the Ninth Vermont, Colonel Stannard, to be in position to occupy the ground on the left of the battery, on the point on Bolivar Heights.

Question. Do your know whether I was on duty in that vicinity during the siege?

Answer. Do you mean from the time you returned from Martinsburg?

