
Question. I mean during the siege at Harper's Ferry.

Answer. The two days, you mean - Sunday and Monday?

Question. Saturday, Sunday, and Monday.

Answer. Yes, sir; on Saturday there was no conflict there. You were out on the ground, in consultation with other officers, making observations, I presumed. I think the most of the day you were at Harper's Ferry, and a conflict took place on Maryland Heights on Saturday.

Question. Was there an engagement on Sunday afternoon with the enemy's infantry in that vicinity; and, if so, will you state what officer was in general command on our side, and what the result of the action was?

Answer. An engagement commenced, about 3 o'clock, on the left; the enemy had been gradually advancing.

Question. You need not give the details. Just simply state the facts.

Answer. I do not know but, to answer a part of your question, it will be necessary for me to state that Colonel Miles had been there at Rigby's battery with me at 2.30, and some conversation passed between us. He left for Harper's Ferry, and in a half an hour from that time the engagement commenced on the left. Colonel Downey, who had been placed in position on the left, asked for re-enforcements. My force was very weak. Colonel Willard, of the One hundred and twenty-fifth New York, was very much afraid to lead his regiment into the conflict, as they had been panic-struck by the shelling from Loudoun Heights. I wrote a note and sent an orderly hastily to Colonel Miles for re-enforcements, and told him to see General White, if the could not see Colonel Miles. He returned and reported to me that he could not find Colonel Miles, and that General While was sick. I sent him back immediately with a note, I think to General White, saying that I had no authority over any other troops than those under my own command, and they needed re-enforcements on the left. General White, himself, came out immediately, and from that time until after dark was very active and patient in directing me what to do and in controlling the action of our forces.

Question. You received your orders form me on that day?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you the next morning also?

Answer. Yes, sir, and that night I received some instructions from you. I sent Major Marley, at 11 o'clock, to see you.

Question. Are you able, from your position there, to state the number of guns, or rather the number of batteries? I do not suppose you can state the number of guns that the enemy had in operation the next morning.

Answer. Yes, sir; I can state the position of their batteries, and with regard to some or their batteries, the number of their guns, from information given me afterward by rebel officers.

Question. State generally.

Answer. They had two batteries of heavy guns on Loudoun Heights, which threw their shell entirely over Bolivar Heights, over Rigby's battery, the most extreme distant point from them. They had three batteries, which they planted on Sunday night, on Bolivar Heights. These batteries, I understood, had five guns each. Then they had a battery on the ridge in line with Rigby's battery, on the left flank of the two regiments under my command resting on Rigby's battery, with six of their best guns, so I was told by General Hill's assistant adjutant-general. They had a battery to the left of the Charlestown pike, on the wooded ridge beyond, which was a very powerful battery which opened upon ;us to the right of the Charlestown pike, on the wooded ridge beyond, which was a very powerful battery which opened upon us to the right of the Charlestown pike; and then they had batteries from that point in a circle to the Potomac, that did not open, except one on the extreme left on the enemy or on our extreme left of the enemy or on our extreme right. At the same time the batteries on Maryland Heights were playing upon us.

