
Question. That is, there were no horses nor harness there to move it to the front or move it after getting there, when it became necessary?

Answer. No, sir; there was only one means of moving it, and that was by teams of the quartermaster's department, and all officers know the trouble of securing even one team from that to do anything with.

Question. Was there infantry there, reliable troops, that could have supported and held a battery that was without horses to move it?

Answer. No, sir; I know that.

Question. I will ask you if you know, or had any opportunity of observing, the conduct or efficiency of the officers under arrest in connection with this investigation - myself, Colonel D'Utassy, Colonel Trimble, and Colonel Ford. If you do, state what you know about it; not the particulars, but the general result of your observation.

Answer. I cannot particularize at all. I have heard many officers express their admiration of the conduct of General White and Colonel Trimble in exposing themselves in the performance of their duty. Of course, Colonel Ford I do not know personally, and I never met him before to-day, and not having been on Maryland Heights at any time, I am not able to say anything in regard to the colonel's conduct in the fight there at all.

By the COURT:

Question. Had you any opportunity of judging of Colonel D'Utassy?

Answer. I did not see him on Monday morning at all.

By General WHITE:

Question. State, if you can, the amount of artillery the enemy had on Monday morning in operation; the number of batteries, if you cannot state the number of guns and where they were located.

Answer. I mentioned them in a report I made, which is as near correct as I could make it. I considered there were about seven batteries opened upon us. Do you wish me to state the position of these batteries?

Question. As you have made a report, it does not matter. Were there any on Maryland Heights?

Answer. Yes, sir; one gun on Maryland Heights. It seemed to be a heavy piece; a rifled piece.

By the COURT:

Question. How long did you serve with Colonel Miles?

Answer. I reported to him on the 2nd of August, and was appointed on his staff on the same day, and served with him up to the day of his death.

Question. Served on his staff as chief of artillery?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Were you familiar with all his plans and his manner of carrying them out?

Answer. That is a pretty tough question. I do not know how to answer that. He talked over his plans with me occasionally.

Question. How did you regard him - as an efficient commanding officer?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you ever see anything in the conduct of Colonel Miles that would lead you to question his loyalty?

