
Answer. No, sir; never for an instant at any time I was with him.

Question. Did he give his personal attention to carrying out his orders?

Answer. He did, and visited his positions every afternoon.

Captain S. C. MEANS, called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What is your position in the military service?

Answer. Captain of cavalry.

Question. In what regiment?

Answer. An independent company. We are not attached to any regiment at all.

Question. Were you at Harper's Ferry during the late events there which resulted in its surrender?

Answer. Yes, sir; up to Sunday night. I was not there when the surrender was made.

Question. Did you leave on Sunday night?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Under what circumstances?

Answer. Well, when Maryland Heights were surrendered, I just thought we might just as well surrender the Ferry. And I knew I would be hanged if I was caught.

Question. You are a Virginian?

Answer. Yes, sir. I thought if I could get out I would, and I invited all who wished to follow me to follow me; and there were a great many that did.

Question. Did you escape with the large body of cavalry, or in the advance?

Answer. I was in advance of the whole body.

Question. You encountered no difficulty in effecting your escape?

Answer. We had some little skirmishing along the route; nothing serious.

Question. Are you well acquainted with the geography and topography of that region?

Answer. On the Virginia side I am. On the Maryland side I cannot say that I am, very well. I am well acquainted, but not very well. There are a great many passes there I go not understand.

Question. Will you give the Commission your judgment as to whether the infantry could have effected their escape the night the cavalry cut their way through?

Answer. I do not think there would have been any difficulty in the world.

Question. You think they could have passed over the road you passed over?

Answer. Yes, sir; the infantry could have done it; the artillery could not. The infantry could have done it well and easy. It was through the mountain; a rough road. It would have been bad for artillery to have gotten over, it is very true, but infantry could have done it.

By the COURT:

Question. Why could not the artillery have passed over the road?

Answer. The artillery could not have taken that road on account of the noise they would have made. I have no doubt they could have got over it. The only obstruction we met with was when we met with this ammunition train of Longstreet's.

