
We heard a considerable noise, and drew up in line of battle in a field, tore down the fences, and got back into a field. But we had no skirmishing; they surrendered at once. When we ordered the train to halt, they halted and gave themselves up at once.

By General WHITE:

Question. You have stated that you thought there would have been no difficulty in the infantry going out at the time you did. How long, in your opinion, would it have taken the infantry to have crossed the Potomac?

Answer. I think there were, perhaps, 10,000 men there, and it would, perhaps, have taken them three hours, I think.

Question. After crossing, how long, suppose there had been no interruption whatever - how long would it have taken them to have marched where they would have been perfectly clear of danger of attack and being surrounded by the enemy?

Answer. Well, sir, three hours more would have taken them out.

Question. When you say "out," do you mean clear around the enemy's left flank?

Answer. Yes, sir; I mean entirely out of their lines.

Question. And how far would that have been?

Answer. Twelve miles.

Question. Is not that more than three hours' march?

Answer. A forced march could have done it. "Stonewall" Jackson could have done it, I know.

Question. You say you had some little skirmishing with the enemy?

Answer. Very little; we expected to have a skirmish with the guard that was with the ammunition train, but they showed no fight; they surrendered.

Question. You had some with the pickets?

Answer. Occasionally a shot; not a skirmish, but a shot now and then.

Question. With infantry, marching as a column of infantry would, what is your opinion as to their being attacked by the enemy?

Answer. I think if we had left a rear guard of cavalry, we could have protected them and carried them out of all that. I think that by all means every man that could get a horse should have gone out. There were 2,000 horses left there.

Question. Who had them?

Answer. They were artillery horses and captured horses. I had captured a great many myself and left them there.

Question. You are mistaken about the number, I think.

Answer. I guess you will not find any officer there who will not say what I do. I do not think there was less than 2,000. Of course, I guess at the number.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. The horses were of no use whatever in the defense of the place?

Answer. No, sir.

By General WHITE:

Question. How much force do you suppose the enemy had on the north side of the Potomac at that time?

Answer. From the best information I could get, they had about 7,000 men.

48 R R - VOL XIX, PT I

