
Question. I mean their entire force?

Answer. Do you mean over in Maryland?

Question. Yes, sir.

Answer. About 135,000, I reckon.

Question. And you, in passing out with the cavalry, turned the entire left flank of that force?

Answer. We did not turn the flank at all. We were on one side of the mountain and their force was on the other. At that time there were none of them beyond Pleasant Valley, and we passed up on the southern side of the Blue Ridge, as we call it in Virginia, until we passed them. They were in Maryland, though, but, by going on as far as Chambersburg, we got entirely around them. Stuart took pretty much the same route, only he crossed the Potomac higher up, and came around a week ago and a little over.

Question. Suppose the infantry had been started out at the time the cavalry started from Harper's Ferry, when they were passing up that road what would have prevented the force under Jackson in the valley from attacking our column?

Answer. Jackson at that time was in Pleasant Valley.

Question. You are mistaken in that; he was in front of us at Bolivar Heights.

Answer. He had not crossed over the mountain.

Question. On Sunday night?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. We fought his troops on Sunday afternoon before you left.

Answer. I do not know where in the world he could have been.

Question. In passing up that road with the entire command, if the lines of the enemy were stretched around to the Potomac at Shepherdstown, would it not have been probable that they would have known of our departure and attacked us there?

Answer. There is a probability of it; but at night, that way, I do not think we would have had anything more than their pickets to have attended to.

Question. You think they would have allowed our entire command to have hone out without an attack?

Answer. I think they would.

Question. Why?

Answer. We had seen no indication of anything else when we went, nothing like showing fight in any force.

Question. That was because your passage up the river was pretty rapid?

Answer. That was so; we were going along moderately fast.

Question. Did you go about 10 miles an hour?

Answer. I think we went at least that. I do not want it understood that I looked upon Colonel Miles as a traitor. I never did. I served under him too long. I think he was a loyal man.

By the COURT:

Question. What is your opinion in regard to the capacity of Colonel Miles for that command?

Answer. I think he was entirely capable ten days before the surrender of Harper's Ferry. I will have to commence at the beginning to get the story right. The day after we had the skirmish in Leesburg - not a skirmish either, but a pretty hard fight - Colonel Miles sent me back to Leesburg to learn the truth of the forces coming

