
enemy's lines. I succeeded in reaching this place about this morning, having passed the enemy's line about 3 miles northward of Williamsport, and capturing a wagon train of over 60 wagons, loaded with ammunition, and 675 prisoners. Colonel Miles intends to hold the Ferry, but is anxiously looking for re-enforcements.

No cannonading heard to-day. If cavalry are fit for service, I will order them to General McClellan. Colonel Davis says his regiment is used up, and, as he has lost everything, asks where he shall go to refit. As soon as I learn their condition I will give them orders accordingly.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., September 15, 1862.

Major-General MCCLELLAN:

In addition to the force sent yesterday to Edwards Ferry, a division will move today to occupy Barnesville or Poolesville.

The Harper's Ferry cavalry has cut its way through to Greencastle, and reports Colonel Miles very hard pressed, and, unless relieved, will have to surrender to-day. Enemy planting guns on heights. Telegram from Greencastle, dated 9 a. m. to-day.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BALTIMORE, September 16, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The following dispatch, dated Harper's Ferry, 16th, via Frederick, has just been received:

I have to state that this place had been defended for several days against an attack by the divisions of Jackson, A. P. Hill, Lawton, Walker, and McLaws, amounting in all to 40,000 men, with over fifty pieces of artillery. After expending all our artillery ammunition, except that for short range, and defeating two attacks of the enemy's infantry, Colonel Miles, with the advice of his brigade commanders, reluctantly surrendered. I regret to say that the gallant Colonel Miles is so severely wounded that his recovery is not probable. I march to-day, with the command, and will report to you in detail.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SHARPSBURG, September 16, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

* * * * * * *

I learn that Colonel Miles surrendered at 8 a. m. yesterday, unconditionally. I fear his resistance was not so stubborn as it might have been. Had he held Maryland Heights he would inevitably have been saved.

* * * * * * *

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

After discussion by the Commission, the further investigation of this case was postponed for the present.

The Commission subsequently adjourned to 11 a. m. tomorrow.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 21, 1862.

The Commission met pursuant to adjournment.

* * * * * * *

The Commission resumed the investigation in relation to the evacuation of Maryland Heights and the surrender of Harper's Ferry.

The judge-advocate read in evidence the following papers from the War Department:

ORDNANCE OFFICE, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 20, 1862.

Honorable P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

SIR: In answer to your letter of this morning, I have to state that there were but three requisitions for arms, ordnance, and ordnance stores made by Colonel Miles or

