
Question. The opinion has been expressed here by one witness that there were 2,000 horses left there.

Answer. Artillery horses?

Question. Horses of all kinds.

Answer. I doubt very much that there were 2,000.

By General WHITE:

Question. Do you believe that there were 1,000?

Answer. No, sir; I know the enemy were very much surprised when they got in there and found so very few horses to take.

Question. Aside from the battery horses there, and the horses belonging to officers, do you believe there were 200 left there; public property, I mean?

Answer. There must have been very near that number.

By the COURT:

Question. Had you any means of knowing?

Answer. I only judge by the number of teams I saw.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. How many battery horses do you suppose there were?

Answer. There may have been in the neighborhood of a hundred.

By the COURT:

Question. Were those extra horses, besides those regularly used for the batteries?

Answer. They were horses that belonged to some orderlies that remained there, and some that belonged to some of the men that were sick in the hospital, and some that belonged to the teams.

Question. Do you know of any captured horses there in the hands of the quartermaster or other persons?

Answer. No, sir; I do not. I may have been aware of it; but if I was I have forgotten it.

By General WHITE:

Question. Do you know Captain Means, who commanded an independent company of cavalry somewhere about Leesburg?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Did you know whether there was any such person there at the time our cavalry left?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Did you hear of him at the time?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Do you know who led the cavalry out from there?

Answer. Colonel Davis; that is to say, they were under his command, but they were guided out by a citizen, and several men who belonged to the Maryland cavalry.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Did Colonel Miles ever discuss with you the question as to withdrawing the forces from Harper's Ferry to Maryland Heights with a view to holding them?

Answer. It was spoken of, I think, on Saturday evening.

