
Question. By him?

Answer. Yes, sir; I came into the room just as the conversation was being ended, and then remained with him a few moments, as ne requested me to do. After saying that the men would be sacrificed by going over there, he said, "I am ordered by General Wool to hold this place; and," continued he, "God damn my soul to hell if I don't hold it against the enemy."

Question. He did not consider Maryland Heights as a part of the place?

Answer. No, sir; he considered that it would be disobeying his orders to go over on the Maryland side. That is what I understood from his conversation.

Question. As a military man, what is your judgment upon that question? Would not an order to hold Harper's Ferry imply an order to hold the heights which commanded it?

Answer. Of course. If he found it was impracticable to hold Harper's Ferry by remaining on the Virginia side, it was his duty, as the commanding officer, to have gone over on the Maryland side, as the result, if it had been in our favor, would have been to hold Harper's Ferry.

Question. Maryland Heights does unquestionably command Harper's Ferry?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Have you expressed an opinion as to the necessity for the surrender of Harper's Ferry when it occurred?

Answer. I am not aware that I have.

Question. Will you do so?

Answer. After losing Maryland Heights, and permitting the enemy to plant their batteries on the left flank of Bolivar Heights, I then considered that the place was surrendered. Of course they were firing in the fog at us; but when the fog did rise above the ridge, they had complete command of the place.

Question. You were present during the whole of the operations?

Answer. Not on Monday morning, I was not.

Question. But previously?

Answer. Yes, sir; and on Monday morning I was near enough to see where their batteries were. I went up there and found that the enemy had a battery on our left flank, enfilading us, and another one back of Harper's Ferry.

By General WHITE:

Question. Across the Shenandoah, under Loudoun Heights?

Answer. Yes, sir.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What is your judgment, as a military man, of the defense throughout, made at Harper's Ferry? Wa it skillfully and properly made?

Answer. The first part was not - the engagement during Saturday, and a portion of Friday, I think, when our troops fell back from Knoxville or in that vicinity; but the management of the troops on Saturday afternoon, I think, could not have been bettered.

By General WHITE:

Question. Where do you refer?

Answer. On the left flank.

Question. You mean Sunday, do you not?

Answer. On Sunday, yes, sir; I mean on the left flank, where the fighting was.

