
By the COURT:

Question. Do you mean Saturday and Sunday or Friday and Saturday?

Answer. I mean on Sunday afternoon and evening, when the enemy made an attack on our left flank, on Bolivar Heights.

By General WHITE:

Question. Who commanded our forces there at that time?

Answer. Colonel Trimble, I think, was there, and yourself as in command. Those were all that I remember had any command there.

Question. Were the enemy repulsed and driven off in some disorder from that attack?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Those batteries you speak of having been planted on the left were places under the fire of their guns on Loudoun Heights?

Answer. Yes, sir. You gave me an order to put some guns in position, and while I was doing so, I heard the enemy moving over there in that timber.

Question. Were you present at that point on Monday morning, at the intersection of the Charlestown road and Bolivar Heights?

Answer. I came up near that, just where our headquarters were pitched one time when we came there, but I went back. I did not think there was any necessity for my staying there any longer, as I had nothing to do, and I was under fire all the time from the enemy's shells.

Question. Do you know whether I was present that morning or not?

Answer. Yes, sir; I saw you go up there.

By Mr. JOHNSTON:

Question. If you are familiar with Maryland Heights, taking the lookout as a stand-point, state what preparation was necessary, in your judgment, in the construction of works and the location of batteries, of course, including the size and number of the guns, for the successful defense of Maryland Heights against the force that is understood to have come up in front there, and what time would have been required to have constructed them?

Answer. You have a survey here from General Cullum [map handed witness] for the defense of Maryland Heights from the east side. I would have recommended, of abatis, and that toward Solomon's Gap there should be thrown up an earthwork of sufficient strength to mount at least three guns; and also, on the Maryland Heights near the Ferry, almost above where Captain McGrath's battery was, there should have been placed a battery, that being the highest point and commanding Loudoun Heights, have placed there at least four or five guns, and I would have had them 30-pounder Parrotts. On the east slope of the south end of Maryland Heights I would have placed a masked battery for the purpose of preventing the enemy from making an attack from Sandy Hook. That need not have had more than two guns, and they might have had them one rifled and the other smooth-bore.

By the COURT:

Question. That would have served the same purpose as the work on Camp Hill?

Answer. Camp Hill, to have commanded the bridge and the ground east of it, along the river and railroad, should have had works down under the brow of the hill, to protect it from the enemy's works on Loudoun Heights. That, from the shape of the ground, could have been very easily done. The, the timber all along on this plateau and along the west side of Maryland Heights should have been cleared off. The enemy attempted to put a battery over here [indicating on the map], and Captain McGrath's battery fired at them three or four times with excellent practice, and they

