
Question. In the event of an attack by infantry, would not block-houses be very important in the defense of that position?

Answer. Yes, sir; but there are so many good positions there for artillery, that I think an enemy in attacking that place would not neglect the advantage which they give.

By Mr. JOLIFFE:

Question. Could Maryland Heights have been successfully defended without artillery to command the entrance of Solomon's Gap?

Answer. Not with the force we had.

Captain WILLIAM H. GRAFFLIN, called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What is your position in the military service?

Answer. Captain of cavalry.

Question. Were you at Harper's Ferry during the siege which resulted in its surrender?

Answer. I was on Maryland Heights until we left that point and went to Harper's Ferry.

Question. What is your judgment as to the necessity of the evacuation of Maryland Heights at the time they were abandoned?

Answer. I think that with the force we had there, after the engagement we had there, we held it just as long as we well could. I was present at the first two engagements, and the men were pretty well used up. They were up there without anything to eat or drink.

Question. Do you know how it happened that you were there without anything to eat or drink?

Answer. I volunteered to Colonel Ford to go up, and I took my company up there before daylight. We had no canteens, and the boys carried very few crackers with them. They went up in a great deal of excitement, for it was something new to them to be dismounted, and at daylight we opened the fight.

Question. Were you with the cavalry that escaped from Harper's Ferry?

Answer. I was. I was in command of the rear guard, Companies H and I. Captain Russell went out on Saturday evening with 6 men and broke through the enemy's lines.

Question. Do you or not believe that the force at Harper's Ferry could have escaped over the route you took?

Answer. I think they might. To be sure, they could not have escaped without an engagement. It is very likely we might have had considerable of a fight before we got out; but I think the best portion of them might have got out; that is, if they had been stripped of everything but their ammunition and arms. They could not have carried anything with them. There was not any doubt in the world, from what I saw in going out, that we were completely surrounded. They attacked us at several points, and I think it was owing to the surprise we made on them that we got through so well.

By General WHITE:

Question. Do you think infantry could have been marched with sufficient rapidity to have gone through as you did?

Answer. I think the best portion of them could; some, no doubt, would have given out.

