
Question. At what rate did you march?

Answer. At first, in crossing the pontoon bridge, we had to cross by file, which threw the column just double its length, and for some distance we had to ride in a lope, and in a fast run some time before we came up. After we got into column, as is always the case with cavalry, the rear guard would be running one moment and at a halt the newt moment, owing to the irregularity of the right of the column; but I do not think the right of that column, judging from what I saw, was out of walk much of the time. Sometimes I would have to stop for some time, and then at other times again I would be in a run.

Question. What do you think about taking artillery along?

Answer. Well, sir, with an addition of horses we might have taken artillery.

Question. How long that night would it have taken to have got over the bridge all the troops there, cavalry, artillery, and infantry?

Answer. It would have taken some time, if they did not move before we did.

Question. Would it have taken all night?

Answer. If they had commenced at dark, they might have got their artillery and infantry over before I got over. It was about 10.30 o'clock before I moved out of the street.

Question. You think we might have moved 10,000 or 12,000 men in that time with the artillery we had?

Answer. I think so.

Question. Your men, 2,000 of them mounted, took until 10 o'clock to go over?

Answer. They commenced to cross a little after 9 o'clock, I think; but there was a great deal of unnecessary delay in crossing that cavalry.

By the COURT:

Question. Could not a portion of them have crossed the ford?

Answer. They could all have crossed the ford, all the cavalry.

Question. Would it not have expedited the movement very much if some of them had crossed the ford?

Answer. I do not think it would; but I know one thing, that it took that cavalry longer to cross than it would have taken four times that amount of infantry.

Question. Could or not both cavalry and infantry have been crossing at the bridge and at the ford at the same time?

Answer. Yes, sir; the river was very shoal then.

Lieutenant ADAM CARNES, called by Colonel Ford, and sworn and examined as follows:

By Mr. JOHNSTON:

Question. What is your position in the service?

Answer. I have been a lieutenant since the 1st day of September; before that time I was a scout.

Question. In what regiment are you a lieutenant?

Answer. I am second lieutenant in the Thirty-second Ohio.

Question. Were you on Maryland Heights for a few days immediately prior to its evacuation?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Were you present during the fight on the heights?

Answer. Yes, sir.

