
WASHINGTON, D. C., October 27, 1862.

The Commission met pursuant to adjournment.*

* * * * * * *

The Commission resumed the investigation in relation to the evacuation of Maryland Heights and the surrender of Harper's Ferry.

Mr. Joliffe, as the representative of Colonel Ford, submitted a written statement in relation to the evacuation of Maryland Heights, which was read and ordered to be made part of the record (hereto appended).

The Commission then proceeded to deliberate in secret session.

Subsequently the Commission adjourned to 11 a. m. tomorrow.

APPENDIX.

I. To Major General D. Hunter, U. S. Volunteers; Major General G. Cadwalader, U. S. Volunteers; Birg. General C. C. Augur, U. S. Volunteers; Captain Donn Piatt, assistant adjutant-general Volunteers; Captain F. Ball, jr., aide-de-camp, commissioners "for the investigation of circum-stances attending the late evacuation of Maryland Height, under the command of Colonel Ford, and the subsequent surrender of Harper's Ferry by Colonel Miles, then in command."

In submitting to the Commission the views which we now have the honor to present to you, we will confine ourselves to the first part of this investigation, namely, that "of the circumstances attending the late evacuation of Mayland Heights under the command of Colonel Ford."

II. Colonel Ford was not consulted on the subject of the surrender of Harper's Ferry, and we believe that no effort has been made or will be made to connect him with that surrender, except so far as his conduct as commander of Maryland Heights may be supposed to have tended to produce that result.

III. As dates are material in this investigation, we ask your attention to them at the outset.

1. Colonel Ford arrived at Harper's Ferry, with his command, in the evening of the 3rd day of September, 1862, and on the 5th day he was ordered by Colonel Miles, his superior officer, to the command of the defenses of Maryland Heights, and, promptly, with his forces, went up to the place assigned him.

2. Early in the morning of Saturday, the 6th day of September, Colonel Ford began to examine his position; and on that day, after a full examination of it, he reported in person to Colonel Miles, and told him what he needed to make that place defensible.

3. On the Saturday next thereafter, viz, of September 13, 1862, Colonel Ford evacuated Maryland Heights, having been upon them but one week.

IV. As the exact condition of the defenses of Maryland Heights at the time when Colonel Ford took the command of them is not only material, but absolutely essential to a full and clear knowledge of his conduct, we will endeavor to state that condition with as much accuracy and precision as possible; but in doing so we will not encumber this brief with a topographical description of the place, as that has already been done and a map of it is before you.

Captain Powell states that, for the successful defense of Maryland

* It met and adjourned on the 25th without the transaction of other business.

