
Question. Had he made any representations to you about his supply of ammunition being short?

Answer. Ho sir; he said he had abundance.

Question. He made no requisitions for ammunition?

Answer. No, sir; when I was up there in August he had a large quantity of ammunition; probably some of it had been issued. I wrote to him afterward about it, but he said he had abundance of everything. I recollect he had sixty days' rations when I was up there in August. I found afterward that he had neglected to call for rations. I imagine that at the time of the surrender, or previously, he was rather short. But I was apprehensive that he was rather short of rations, and I sent up rations to him as soon as I found that to be the case.

By the COURT:

Question. Did these rations reach him?

Answer. I think they did, but not so soon as I wished. I believe there was no great deficiency of rations there, and of ammunition I supposed there was abundance, and they did not exhaust it, so it was reported to me. It seems that they became alarmed in consequence of being short of ammunition for the long-range Parrott guns. But Colonel Ward informed me that he had 80 rounds unexpended in his possession at the time of the surrender, and I understood there were 40 rounds more.

The JUDGE-ADVOCATE. I do not think he made any such statement to us. The testimony thus far goes to show that the long-range ammunition was upon the point of exhaustion.

The WITNESS. He reported to me that he had 80 rounds in his possession at the time. But I do not think that should have made any difference as to the defense of the place, because they could have waited until the assault was made. Colonel Miles had abundance of guns there to defend the position in case of an assault. I stated in my report the number of huns they had on Camp Hill. I did not know how many there were on Bolivar Heights. I could not report as to that.

By the COURT:

Question. Did Colonel Miles ever make any requisitions for ammunition, or supplies of any kind, that were not filled?

Answer. No, sir; I was very careful about that myself, and, when I was up there last, I requested him not to neglect it. All requisitions were very promptly filled.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE.

Question. You were personally acquainted with Colonel Miles?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What is your judgment as to his capacity for such a command as that?

Answer. I did not think he had the capacity to embrace so large a command as he had there; but he appeared to be very zealous, and he was one of the best officers I had. Indeed, he was the only one I could place there, the only regular officer. I do not know that I had one that would have answered his purpose, unless it was General Morris, who commanded at Fort McHenry. I have always considered the surrender a disgraceful one - one that ought not to have been made without awaiting an assault. The report was that he lost only 40 men.

By the COURT:

Question. Did you consider him a better officer for such a command as that than General White?

Answer. That would be a very difficult question to answer under the circumstances.

Question. You are acquainted with the locality of Harper's Ferry; I understand that you have been at Harper's Ferry?

Answer. Yes, sir.

