
By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What became of Captain Wood, who escaped with 13 men, 9 of whom returned to Harper's Ferry and surrendered themselves?

Answer. He went off with General Tyler, I suppose. I had him arrested upon the report that was made to me, and told him to go to General Tyler. I never saw him afterward.

Question. Disregarded his arrest?

Answer. Yes, sir; at least, I suppose so. I never heard any more of him.

The Commission then proceeded to deliberate with closed doors.

Subsequently the Commission adjourned to 11 a. m. to-morrow.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 31, 1862.

The Commission met pursuant to adjournment.

* * * * * * * The Commission resumed the consideration of the circumstances attending the evacuation of Maryland Heights and the surrender of Harper's Ferry, and proceeded to deliberate thereon with closed doors.

Subsequently the Commission adjourned to 11 a. m. to-morrow.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 1, 1862.

The Commission met pursuant to adjournment.

* * * * * * *

The Commission, with closed doors, resumed the consideration of the circumstances attending the evacuation of Maryland Heights and the surrender of Harper's Ferry.

Subsequently the Commission adjourned to 11 a. m. Monday, November 3.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 3, 1862.

The Commission met pursuant to adjournment.

* * * * * * *

The Commission adopted a report, which accompanies this record, marked A, of the circumstances attending the evacuation of Winchester by General Julius White, which was signed by the president, Major-General Hunter, and attested by the judge-advocate.*

The Commission then adopted a report in relation to the circumstances attending the evacuation of Maryland Heights and the surrender of Harper's Ferry, which was signed by the president and judge-advocate of the Commission, and accompanies this record.

Thereupon the Commission adjourned to meet again at 11 a. m. to-morrow.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, President.

REPORT.

The Commission, consisting of Major General D. Hunter, U. S. Volunteers, president; Major General G. Cadwalader, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General C. C. Augur, U. S. Volunteers; Captain Donn Piatt, assistant adjutant-general of Volunteers; Capr. F. Ball, jr., aide-de-camp, U. S. Army; Colonel J. Holt. Judge-Advocate-General, called by the Government to in-

* See Series I, Vol. XII, Part II, p. 803.

