
an ammunition train belonging to General Longstreet, consisting of some 50 or 60 wagons.

The commission regard this escape of cavalry as being worthy of great commendation to the officers conducting the same.

Several of the infantry officers desired permission to cut their way out at the same time the cavalry made their escape, but Colonel Miles refused, upon the ground that he had been ordered to hold Harper's Ferry to the last extremity.

On the morning of the 15th the enemy opened their batteries from several points, seven to nine, as estimated by different witnesses, directing their attack principally upon our batteries on the left of Bolivar Heights.

The attack commenced at daybreak; about 7 o'clock Colonel Miles represented to General White that it would be necessary to surrender. General White suggested that the brigade commanders be called together, which was done. Colonel Miles stated that the ammunition for the batteries was exhausted, and he had about made up his mind to surrender. That was finally agreed to by all present, and General White was sent to arrange articles of capitulation. The white flag was raised by order of Colonel Miles, but the enemy did not cease firing for some half or three-quarters of an hour after. Colonel Miles was mortally wounded after the white flag was raised. The surrender was agreed upon about 8 a. m. on Monday, the 15th of September.

The following was the testimony of officers commanding batteries:

At the time of the surrender, Captain Von Sehlen had some ammunition; could not tell what amount, but mostly shrapnel; had lost about 100 rounds on Saturday, the 13th, by the explosion of a limber, caused by one of the enemy's shells.

Captain Rigby had expended, during the siege of Harper's Ferry, about 600 rounds, being all that he had with the exception of canister.

Captain Potts had expended about 1,000 rounds, being all that he had with the exception of canister.

Captain Graham had but two guns of his battery under his immediate command on the morning of the surrender; had probably 100 rounds of all kinds, but no long-time fuses.

Captain Phillips had expended all his ammunition except some 40 rounds of canister and some long-range shells, too large for his guns.

Captain McGrath's battery had been spiked and left on Maryland Heights on Saturday.

It appears that during the siege, and shortly previous, Colonel Miles paroled several Confederate prisoners and permitted them to pass through our lines. During the week previous to the evacuation of Maryland Heights, a Lieutenant Rouse, of the Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, who had been engaged in a raid upon a train from Harper's Ferry to Winchester a short time before, was captured and brought into Harper's Ferry. He escaped while on the hospital, he pretending to be sick, but was retaken. He was paroled, but returned in command of some rebel cavalry on the morning of the surrender. The attention of General A. P. Hill was called to the fact that Lieutenant Rouse was a paroled prisoner, but no attention was paid to it. Lieutenant Rose himself, on being spoken to about it, laughed at the idea of observing his parole.

On Saturday, the day of the attack upon and evacuation of Maryland Heights, Colonel Miles directed that 16 Confederate prisoners be permitted to pass through our lines to rejoin the rebel army at Winchester. Other cases are testified to, but the above-named are of the most importance.

