
much labor under the aqueduct over the Conacocheague. Having moved out the command, including Hampton's brigade, upon the ridges overlooking Williamsport, active demonstrations were made toward the enemy.

On the 20th the enemy were drawn toward my position in heavy force, Couch's division in advance. Showing a bold front, we maintained our position and kept the enemy at bay until dark, when, having skirmished all day, we withdrew to the south bank of the Potomac without loss.

During the Maryland campaign my command did not suffer on any one day as much as their comrades of other arms, but theirs was the sleepless watch and the harassing daily petite guerre, in which the aggregate of casualties for the month sums up heavily. There was not a single day, from the time my command crossed the Potomac until it recrossed that it was not engaged with the enemy, and at Sharpsburg was several times subjected to severe shelling. Their services were indispensable to every success attained, and the officers and men of the cavalry division recur with pride to the Maryland campaign of 1862.

I regret exceedingly that I have not the means of speaking more in detail of the brave men of other commands, whose meritorious conduct was witnessed both at Sharpsburg and Williamsport, but whose name-owing to the lapse of time, cannot be now recalled, and I have no reports to assist me. Brigadier-General Early, at the former place, behaved with great coolness and good judgment, particularly after he came in command of his division, and Colonel (since General) William Smith, Forty-ninth Virginia Infantry, was conspicuously brave and self-possessed. One of the regiments of Ransom's brigade, also becoming detached from the brigade, behaved with great gallantry, and for a long time held an important detached position on the extreme left, unaided.

The gallant Pelham displayed all those noble qualities which have made him immortal. He had under his command batteries from every portion of General Jackson's command. The batteries of Poague. Pegram,and Carrington (the only ones which now recur to me) did splendid service, as also did the Stuart Horse Artillery, all under Pelham. The hill, held on the extreme left so long and so gallantly by artillery alone, was essential to the maintenance of our position.

Major Heros von Borcke displayed his usual skill, courage, and energy. His example was highly valuable to the troops.

Cadet W. Q. Hullihen, C. S. Army, was particularly distinguished on the field of Sharpsburg for his coolness and his valuable services as acting aide-de-camp. I deem it proper to mention here, also, a young lad named Randolph, of Fauquier, who, apparently about twelve years of age, brought me several messages from General Jackson under circumstances of great personal peril, and delivered his dispatches with a clearness and intelligence highly creditable to him.

Private R. T. Clingan, Company G, Cobb's Georgia Legion, one of my couriers, was killed while behaving with the most conspicuous bravery, having borrowed a horse to ride to the field. He had been sent to post a battery of artillery from his native State.

Captain [R. E.] Frayser, Signal Corps, rendered important services to the commanding general from a mountain overlooking the enemy on the Antietam.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Chief of Staff, Army of Northern Virginia.

