
squadron, accompanied by the provost-marshal guard of 40 men from the different regiments, under Captain [J. F.] Waring, Jeff. Davis Legion, all under the immediate direction of Colonel Butler, and led by Lieutenant Meighan, charged the enemy, scattered them in very direction killing and wounding many, taking 10 prisoners, among them Colonel Moor, Twenty-eighth Ohio Regiment, and capturing the gun. Unfortunately, five of the horses attached to this gun were killed, so that it could not be removed. In the published accounts of the enemy they admit the loss of this gun and the repulse of their force.

I beg to commend most favorably the conduct of the Second South Carolina Regiment on this occasion. They were ably and gallantly of Lieutenant Meighan, which had never been under fire before, and yet no troops could have behaved better. Captain Waring, with the provost guard, participated in this brilliant charge. So successful was the charge and so complete the repulse of the enemy that no further attempt to molest me was made, and I withdrew the brigade, at a walk, from the city, bringing off my prisoners. Leaving Lieutenant-Colonel Martin with his command and two guns to piket at the gap of the mountain that night, I took the brigade to Middletown, where we bivouacked that night.

The operations of the brigade on the next and the ensuing days I reserve for another report.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WADE HAMPTON,

Brigadier-General.

Major [N. R.] FITZHUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., October 31, 1862.

MAJOR: I beg to present the following report of the operations of my brigade on the morning of September 13, and the few days subsequent:

As already to you, the brigade encamped on the night of september 12 near Middletown, leaving the Jeff. Davis Legion, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Martin, to picket the National road on the gap of the mountain between Frederick City and Middletown.

At daylight on the morning of September 13 the enemy made his appearance and attempted to force his way across the mountain. His advance guard being driven back, he planted a battery on the pike and opened of rifled guns, had been sent to [Lieutenant]-Colonel Martin, and he returned the fire of the enemy with good effect, forcing him to change his position more than once. In the mean time skirmishers on both sides had become actively engaged, and the fight was kept up until 2 p.m., when the enemy gained a position which commanded Hart's guns, as well as the road. I ordered the guns withdrawn and placed in position near Middletown. The brigade then took position in rear of them, waiting the approach of the enemy, who soon appeared in force crossing the mountain. A brisk artillery fire took place on both sides, and the sharpshooters of the two forces also became engaged. Having held the enemy in check sufficiently long to accomplish the objects desired by General Stuart, I was directed by him to withdraw my command in the direction of Burkittsville, sending my guns and [Lieutenant]Colonel Martin's command on to Boonsborough.

The First North Carolina Regiment, under command of Colonel Baker, was the rear guard of the brigade during the fight at Middletown, and

