
[CHAP. XXXI.

both officers and men conducted themselves to my perfect satisfaction. They were exposed to a severe fire of artillery and musketry, which they bore without flinching, nor was there the slightest confusion in the ranks. They lost 8 men wounded, and 3 missing. Captain Siler, a gallant officer, was among the wounded, having his leg broken. He was brought off, but, as his wound became painful, he was left at Boons borough.

Before leaving this part of my report, I beg to commend the conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Martin and his command while he held the gap of the mountain. The men of Lieutenant-Colonel Martin fought with their accustomed gallantry, and they were able supported by a portion of the North Carolina Regiment, who had been detailed as sharpshooters. Lieutenant-Colonel Martin on this occasion, as on all others, conducted himself as a gallant and able officer.

After withdrawing the brigade from Middletown, I proceeded toward Burkittsille, where I learned to form a junction with Colonel Munford. On the road to this place I discovered, on a road parallel to the one on which we were, a regiment of Yankee cavalry. Taking the Cobb Legion with me, I directed Lieutenant-Colonel Young to charge this regiment. This order was carried out in gallant style, the legion crossing sabers with the Yankees and chasing them some distance. Five prisoners were taken, while a published account of the Yankees now before me admits a loss of 30 killed and wounded. The prisoners taken belonged to the Third Indiana the Eighth Illinois. Lieutenant-Colonel Young, who led the charge, received a painful wound in the leg, and Captain G. J. Wright, whose company was in the advance, was wounded in the arm. Our loss was 4 killed and 9 wounded. Among the former I regret to have to mention Lieutenant Marshall and Sergeant Bardsdale. I take pleasure in calling attention to the behavior of this command. Colonel Young led with great gallantry, and, after his fall, Major Delony. After driving in this cavalry, I moved on to Burkittsville, where we remained during the night of September 13.

On the morning of the 14th I was ordered by General Stuart to proceed in the direction of Knoxville, to cover the front of General McLaws.

We remained here until the morning of the 16th, covering the crossing of the division of General McLaws into Harper's Ferry. Passing through this place, we recrossed the Potomac on the morning of the 17th, and reported to General Stuart near Sharpsburg during the battle of that day.

On the night of the 18th we crossed into Virginia; marched all night. The next day crossed the Potomac at Mason's Ford into Maryland. On the afternoon of the 19th joined General Stuart at Williamsport.

On the 20th in attempting to advance, I was met by a large force of cavalry, which was afterward re-enforced by a division of infantry. As the enemy were advancing in heavy force on the roads leading to the town, General Stuart ordered me to withdraw across the river at night. This was successfully accomplished, and the brigade took position near the Sulphur Spring. Since that time no movement of interest has occurred except the expedition into Pennsylvania, of which a report has already been made.

I have thus given a summary of the operations of my command, as directed to do by General Stuart.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WADE HAMPTON,

Brigadier-General.

Major FITZHUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

