
[CHAP. XXXI.

In this skirmish Lieutenant T. A. Tibbs was wounded and Private James P. Abbitt, of Company B, killed.

Getting the train safely over Crampton's Gap, I placed three pieces of artillery in position and awaited their approach, which was momentarily expected. After they were repulsed by Captain Holland, General Hampton, coming in on their rear, drove the off. Not knowing that General Hampton was to come up on that road, and seeing a supposed enemy, I waited until they were in easy range before ordering the artillery to fire. General Hampton perceiving my intention, when the lanyard had been applied and nothing was required but the word "fire" to be given, a white flag appeared, and I found they were our friends.

We remained on the mountain that night, and the next morning received orders from General Stuart to hold the gap at all hazards. A report of what occurred at that place has already bee forwarded.

I am, major, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

THOMAS T. MUNFORD,

Colonel Second Virginia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ROBERTSON'S BRIGADE,October 3, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on September 14 the enemy drove in my pickets at Burkittsville, and, in accordance with the orders received from Major-General Stuart, I assumed command at Crampton's Gap (as I was the senior officer), and instructed the officers commanding the two fragments of regiments (infantry) of Mahone's brigade to hold the post at all hazards. I posted the infantry behind a stone wall, at the base of the mountain, and running parallel with it; the artillery-Chew's battery and a section of the Portsmouth Battery (boat howitzers)-about half-way up the mountain, in the most eligible position I could find. I dismounted all the cavalry, and posted them on the right and left flanks. Finding that the artillery could not reach the enemy from the position selected, with effect, I retired the two rifle pieces to the crest of the mountain, and from that elevation poured an effective fire into their advancing columns. The enemy first advanced his skirmishers and made a demonstration as if he intended attacking the gap held by General Semmes, but, as both his and my artillery played upon him with effect, he retired and moved his whole force upon me. As soon as his skirmishers were deployed, he advanced one regiment of infantry in line of battle, which was immediately followed by four others. In half an hour five other regiments appeared on their left and advanced in the same way, and in a very short time another brigade appeared in rear of those who had preceded them. Soon after the skirmishing commenced, Colonel Parham, commanding Mahone's brigade, came up with two very small regiments (Sixth and Twelfth Virginia), scarcely 300 men, which he soon got in position. General Semmes certainly knew the condition of things as his artillery had been used, and he could see what was going on from his gap. I also sent dispatches to General Cobb, informing him of what was in front of us. For at least three hours this little force maintained their position against Slocum's division. (See General McClellan's dispatch of 16th.) After much delay, and some four couriers had been sent, General Cobb, with two regiments of his brigade, came up to my support. When the general himself came up, I explained the position of the troops, and of course turned over to him the command. At his request I posted the two regiments. The first troops,

