
[CHAP. XXXI.

him, and do not know that it would amount to anything except to show you that your cavalry were not idle.

In Maryland we lived on green corn, principally, for both men and horses, and our valley campaign was one of constant toil.

I have failed to mention any of the officers who have won a good name by their gallant services. Captain R. P. Chew, as true as steel, and ever ready, deserves to be mentioned. Colonel O. R. Funsten is a noble man, and General Jones' brigade is second to none I have ever yet seen, in point of mettle.

Please accept my apology for the delay. I had sent in my report to Major-General Stuart, by his order, and would have sent them to you had I not been ordered to send them to him. I have lost my notes, as I did not think they would ever be called for again.

With my best wishes, I am, as ever, your friend and obedient servant,

THOMAS T. MUNFORD,

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON.

P. S.-General Stuart has my report of the Crampton's Gap fight, and, if you have not completed your Maryland campaign, I should like for you to see it, as several of my regiment sealed with their lives the love of country on that rugged mountain side.

T. T. M.

Numbers 209. Report of Brigadier General Beverly H. Robertson, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry, of operations September 4.

IN CAMP NEAR GARYSBURG, N. C.,

October 12, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with instructions received on the morning of September 4, with the Seventh and Twelfth Regiments Virginia Cavalry and three pieces of Chew's battery I proceeded in the direction of Falls Church, to make a demonstration against the enemy and hold him in check while our army was crossing the Potomac above. The enemy's pickets were encountered between Vienna and Lewinsville, and driven in after a brisk skirmish, in which the enemy lost 3 killed. After posting a portion of my command and one piece of artillery near Lewinsville to prevent surprise, I opened fire with the other two pieces from the hill overlooking the church, to the right of the main road, where, in a conspicuous position, I had placed my cavalry. The enemy replied with two guns, and the firing was kept up until nearly sundown. About that time several of the enemy's regiments were seen advancing toward the church from Taylor's Hill, at which point they seemed to be collecting from various directions.

The object of the reconnaissance having been fully accomplished, in accordance with my verbal instructions I withdrew the command at dark.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

B. H. ROBERTSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Cavalry Division, Army of Northern Virginia.

