
Numbers 210. Report of Brigadier General William N. Pendleton, C. S. Army, Chief of Artillery, of operations August 20-September 24.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS,September 24, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the part performed by my command and by myself in the recent operations of our army, and especially as to service rendered in defending the Potomac Ford at Shepherdstown, in connection with General Jackson's capture of Harper's Ferry and the battle of Sharpsburg:

In obedience to orders from the War Department on August 19, my immediate command moved from Richmond on the 20th to co-operate with the forces on the North Anna River, and, in compliance with your own direction, it marched forward with that entire force toward your front lines on the 26th.

By request of the President, my personal progress to join you was more rapid than that of the column. After bestowing a day upon requisite arrangements, I committed the General Reserve Artillery to Lieutenant-Colonel Cutts, under the senior general, D. H. Hill, and hastened on to your headquarters. Some uncertainty as to the route, amid the changing scenes of the occasion, and an enfeebling disease, in part retarded my progress, though, with medical aid, I ceaselessly pressed on; so that not until after midday Saturday, August 30, could I reach you, on the memorable battle-field of that day, near Manassas (second Manassas). Having reported and delivered messages from the Predent, I was kindly urged by you to seek some convenient place in the rear, where rest and medical treatment might relieve the disorder then prostrating me. This, after witnessing the battle for perhaps two hours with intense interest, I found myself compelled to do; and under the hospitable roof of Mr. Foote, robbed though he had been of almost everything by the unscrupulous enemy, received for a few days the kindest attention.

On Wednesday, September 3, my command had arrived at Sudley, and, though still unwell, I joined it and marched with the troops to Leesburg. There, besides, other work, I had, preparatory to crossing into Maryland, to arrange for sifting out the reduced and strengthening the more efficient batteries in all the artillery battalions with this part of our army. Physical exhaustion rendered this task scarce less than severe.

Major Richardson was left in charge of the batteries, sections, feeble horses, &amp;c., detained, with orders to take them to the neighborhood of Winchester, and there establish a depot for the recruiting of horses, &c., while the battalions of Lieutenant-Colonel Cutts and Major Nelson were prepared for advancing.

Sunday, September 7, with the portions of these two battalions not detailed on special duty, I proceeded to the neighborhood of Frederick, Md., and there reported on the morning of the 8th.

On Wednesday, 10th. the command, excluding Lieutenant-Colonel Cutts' battalion, which had been assigned to duty with General D. H. Hill's division, and including the battalions of Colonel J. T. Brown, of Major William Nelson, and of Colonel S. D. Lee, who had then reported to me, marched with the army toward Hagerstown.

Sunday morning, 14th, we were summoned to return toward Boonsborough, the enemy having advanced upon General D. H. Hill. When

