
and as otherwise known of by me-performed stern duty, I am satisfied, with commendable resolution and skill, as did the men. Captain Barnwell, of my staff, distinguished himself by the efficiency with which, under ceaseless exposure to shells hurled at his position, he managed our accurate Whitworth gun. My aide, Lieutenant Charles Hatcher, and Sergt. Major Robert Jones also deserve honorable mention for the alacrity with which they bore my messages in every direction under hottest fire. Other members of my staff were, for the most part, absent on duty previously assigned. To Colonels Lamar and Hodges and the troops they commanded credit is justly due for the persevering determination with which they bore during all the day a fire, doubly galling, of case shot from the enemy's cannon and of musketry from the vastly outnumbering infantry force sheltered by the canal bank across the river. Not until overwork did the handful of our sharpshooters at all give way, and that would probably have been prevented could a double number, partly sheltered by trees, &amp;c., have allowed relief in action.

Thankful that so much was done with such partial loss, I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

For convenience, a sketch is annexed of our entire artillery organization for and after the campaign.*

With the First Corps, or right wing, of the Army of Northern Virginia, commanded by Lieutenant-General Longstreet, consisting of nineteen brigades, adjusted into five divisions, served an artillery force of 112 guns, viz: Forty-five rifles, 13 Napoleons, and 54 common smooth-bores, arranged into six battalions of several batteries each, of which battalions one attended each division and one constituted the corps reserve artillery. With the Second Corps, or left wing, commanded by Lieutenant General T. J. Jackson, and consisting of a brigade or two less than the other, adjusted into four divisions, served an artillery force of 123 guns, viz: Fifty-two rifles, 18 Napoleons, and 53 short range, arranged into battalions, attached and commanded as in the First Corps.

The cavalry corps, commanded by Major General J. E. B. Stuart, had also attached to it an effective mounted battery, known as Pelham's Horse Artillery, armed with two rifles and two 12-pounder howitzers.

Besides the general charge of all this artillery, its equipment, organization, and constant efficiency for and in action, the general chief of artillery held, under personal orders as the Commander-in-Chief might direct, a general reserve artillery, consisting of three battalions with several batteries each, having in all 15 rifles, 1 Napoleon, and 20 short range guns, so that in our artillery service with the Army of Northern Virginia there were, adjusted as described, 275 guns.

Respectfully,

W. N. P.

---------------

*This report is printed from a copy found among General Pendleton's military papers. The original seems to have been received in Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, Va., September 30, 1862, but it is not found in the Confederate archives. The postscript must have been added later than November 7, 1862, and is supposed to refer to the tabular statement following, also found among General Pendleton's papers.

---------------

