
[CHAP. XXXI.

Colonel Lee the next morning was sent with his command to a place called Centreville [Keedysville], and General Pendleton was ordered to cross the Potomac at Williamsport to guard the fords. Colonel Lee has not since been with the command. Colonel Brown was ordered to guard the fords at Williamsport and the ford 2 miles lower, name not known. He has not since been under the command of General Pendleton. One of his batteries (Captain [D.] Watson's) was sent, on the 17th, to Sharpsburg, but was not engaged. The remaining battalion, commanded by Major Nelson, and composed of the batteries [of] Captains T. J. Kirkpatrick, John Milledge, Ancell, M. Johnson, and Huckstep, reached Shepherdstown on the 16th, and were assigned their position on the heights commanding the ford a mile below the town. They remained there during the engagement of the 17th.

On the 18th, Captain Ancell was ordered to a position at Shepherd's Ford, 4 miles above the town, and on that night I reported to General Pendleton with a Whitworth gun and a detachment of men from the Purcell Battery, which I had been ordered to bring from Winchester.

The batteries of Captains R. A. Hardaway, Maurin, and [William H.] Champan having also reported to General Pendleton, and two other batteries having been placed on our left by Colonel A. L. Long, but whose names I have been unable to learn, the reserve on the morning of the 19th consisted of forty-four guns, which were placed as follows: On the right of the ford one 10-pounder Parrott and two 3-inch rifles, under Captain Maurin; one 10-pounder Parrott, under Lieutenant T. A. Maddox, of Cutts' battalion; four 3-inch rifles and one 12-pounder howitzer, under Captain Milledge; one 3-inch rifle and one Napoleon gun, under Captain Chapman; two 6-pounder and two 12-pounder howitzers, under Captain M. Johnson. On the left of the ford two 6-pounder and two 12-pounder howitzers, under Captain Kirkpatrick; four 6-pounders, under Captain Huckstep; two 10-pounder Parrotts, under Captain C. M. Braxton; one Whitworth gun, under Captain Barnwell; two 10-pounder Parrotts, under Captain Hardaway; four 6-pounder and two 10-pounder Parrotts (captains not known), placed by Colonel Long, of General Lee's staff. The remainder of the guns, all short range, were not placed in position, and all of those mentioned were engaged during the day.

The casualties were as follows: In Captain Maurin's command, one 10-pounder Parrott, with limber, spiked and without ammunition, and one 6-pounder caisson, broken by the enemy's fire, abandoned; 1 man killed, 2 wounded, and 10 horses disabled, &amp;c. Captain Milledge lost one 12-pounder brass howitzer and caisson (ammunition fully expended) and 3 horses. Captain M. Johnson lost one 12-pounder brass howitzer with limber, 1 man wounded, and 6 horses disabled. Captain Huckstep lost one iron 6-pounder and limber, 1 man killed, and 4 horses disabled. There were casualties in other batteries, but no pieces or ordnance stores lost.

The battalion of Lieutenant-Colonel Cutts was not with General Pendleton in Maryland or on the banks of the river, but has since reported. His report* is inclosed for your inspection, hoping that it is sufficiently accurate.

I remain, your most obedient servant,

J. G. BARNWELL,

Captain, Artillery.

Lieutenant Colonel E. P. ALEXANDER,

Chief of Ordnance, Army of Northern Virginia.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

