
and threw Toombs down against the enemy's flank, drove him back, and recovered our lost ground. Two of the brigades of Major General A. P. Hill's division advanced against the enemy's front as General Toombs made his flank attack. The display of this force was of great value, and it assisted us in holding our position. The enemy took shelter behind a stone wall, and another line was advanced, to the crest of a hill in support of his first line. Captains Richardson's Brown's, and Moody's bat batteries were placed in position to play upon the second line, an both lines were eventually driven back by these batteries. Before it was entirely dark the 100,000 men that had been threatening our destruction for twelve hours had melted away into a few stragglers. The battle over, orders were sent around for ammunition-chests and cartridge-boxes to be refilled.

Early on the morning of the 18th a few sharpshooters began to exchange shots. I observed that the enemy had massed his artillery on the opposite side of the Antietam, with a view, apparently, to meet an attack from us. Our ranks were too much thinned to warrant a renewal of the conflict, with the chances of being drawn under the fire of this artillery. The effort to make a flank movement by our left the day previous developed the fact that the enemy had extended his right so as to rest it upon the Potomac, and thus envelop our left flank. From our position it was impossible to make any move except a direct assault upon some portion of the enemy's line. I therefore took the liberty to address a note to the commanding general, about 2 o'clock in the afternoon, suggesting a withdrawal to the south side of the Potomac. Before my note reached him, however, he rode to my bivouac and expressed the same views. Arrangements to move across the Potomac were completed by dark. My command, moving first, crossed about 2 o'clock in the morning, and part of it was placed in position in case it should be needed at the ford. The entire army crossed, however, without molestation, and, as directed by the commanding general, I proceeded to form his line. As this was completed, it became evident that the enemy was not pursuing, except with some of his batteries and some small force. The various commands were then marched off to their points of bivouac.

The name of every officer, non-commissioned officer, and private who had shared in the toils and privations of this campaign should be mentioned. In one month these troops had marched over 200 miles, upon little more than half rations, and fought nine battles and skirmishes; killed, wounded, and captured nearly as many men as we had in our ranks, besides taking arms and other munitions of war in large quantities. I would that I could do justice to all of these gallant officers and men in this report. As that is impossible, I shall only mention those most prominently distinguished. These were Major General R. H. Anderson, on the plains of Manassas, at Harper's Ferry, and at Sharpsburg, where he was wounded severely. Brigadier General D. R. Jones, at Thoroughfare Gap, Manassas Plains, Boonsborough, and Sharpsburg. Brigadier General R. Toombs,at Manassas Plains, in his gallant defense of the bridge at Antietam, and in his vigorous charge against the enemy's flank; he was severely wounded at the close of the engagement. Brigadier-General Wilcox, at Manassas Plains on August 29 and 30; afterward absent, sick. Brigadier-General Garnett, at Boonsborough and Sharpsburg. Brigadier-General Evans, on the plains of Manassas, both on August 20 and 30, and at Sharpsburg. Brigadier-General Kemper, at Manassas Plains, Boonsborough, and Sharpsburg. Brigadier-General Hood and Colonels Law and Wafford, at Manassas Plains on August 20 and 30, Boonsborough, and at Sharpsburg on the 16th and 17th. Colonel G. T.

