
[CHAP. XXXI.

Anderson, commanding D. R. Jones' brigade, at Thoroughfare Gap, Manassas Plains, Boonsborough, and Sharopsburg. Brigadier-General Mahone, at Manassas Plains, where he received a severe wound. Brigadier General R. A. Pryor, at Sharpsburg. Brigadier-General Jenkins, at Manassas Plains on August 29 and 30; on the last day severely wounded. Colonels Hunton, Corse, Stuart, Stevens, Hateley (severely wounded), at Manassas Plains, Boonsborough, and Sharpsburg. Colonel Posey, at Manassas Plains and Sharpsburg, where he commanded Featherston's brigade. Colonel Benning, at Manassas Plains and Sharpsburg. At Sharpsburg, Captain Miller, of the Washington Artillery, was particularly distinguished. Colonel Walton, of the Washington Artillery, at Rappahannock Station, Manassas Plains (August 29), and Sharpsburg; and Major Garnett, at Rappahannock Station. Lieutenant-Colonels Skinner and Marye, at Manassas Plains, where they were both severely wounded; and Major Walker, at Thoroughfare Gap and Manassas Plains. In the latter engagement this gallant officer was mortally wounded.

It is with no common feeling that I recount the loss at Manassas Plains of Colonels Gadberry, Eighteenth South Carolina; Means, Seventeenth Couth Carolina; Moore, Second South Carolina Rifles; Glover, First South Carolina Volunteers; Wilson, Seventh Georgia, and Lieutenant-Colonel Upton, Fifth Texas. At Boonsborough, Colonel J. B. Strange, Nineteenth Virginia Volunteers, and Lieutenant-Colonel McLemore, Fourth Alabama; and at Sharpsburg, Colonel Liddell, Eleventh Mississippi; Lieutenant-Colonel Holmes, Second Georgia Volunteers. These valuable and gallant officers fell in the unflinching performance of their duty, bravely and successfully heading their commands in the thickest of the fight.

To my staff officers-Major G. M. Sorrel, assistant adjutant-general, who was wounded at Sharpsburg; Lieutenant Colonel P. T. Manning, chief of ordnance; Major J. W. Fairfax; Major Thomas Walton, who was also wounded at Sharpsburg; Captain Thomas J. Goree and Lieutenant R. W. Blackwell-I am under renewed and lasting obligations. These officers, full of courage, intelligence, patience, and experience, were able to give directions to commands such as they thought proper, which were at once approved and commanded my admiration.

Lieutenant-Colonel Blount volunteered his services to me at Boonsborought, and was, both there and at Sharpsburg, of material service to me.

The medical department, in charge of Surgeon Cullen, were active and unremitting in the care of the wounded, and have my thanks for their humane efforts.

My party of couriers were zealous, active, and brave. They are justly entitled to praise for the manly fortitude and courageous conduct shown by them in the trying scenes of the campaign.

The cavalry escort, commanded by Captain Doby, have my thanks for meritorious conduct and valuable aid. Captain Doby, Lieutenants Bonney and Matheson, Sergeants Lee and Haile, and Corporals Whitaker and Salmond, were distinguished in the active and fearless performances of their arduous duties.

I am indebted to Colonel R. H. Chilton, Colonel Long, Majors Taylor, Marshall, Venable, and Talcott, and Captains Mason and Johnston, of the staff of the commanding general, for great courtesy and kindness in assisting me on the different battle-fields.

I respectfully ask the attention of the commanding general to the

