
[CHAP. XXXI.

McLaw's Division.-Captain Read's battery, one 3-inch rifle guns. Captain H. H. Carlton's battery, one 12-pounder howitzer (brass) in battle of Crampton's Gap. Captain Lloyd's battery (Ransom's brigade), one 6-pounder gun (brass) and two caissons.

Lee's Battalion Artillery.-Captain. T. C. Jordan's battery, one 12-pounder howitzer caisson. Captain A. B. Rhett's battery, one 12-pounder howitzer limber. Captain W. W. Parker's battery, rear chests 12-pounder howitzer caisson. Captain G. V. Moody's battery, one forge in Potomac. Captain Pichegru Wooldfolk's jr. battery, one 12-pounder howitzer and limber. Captain Morman's battery, two 10-pounder Parrott guns and rear carriage of caisson. Captain Maurin's battery (Pryor's brigade), one 10-pounder rifle (Parrott) and caisson. One caisson was destroyed by the enemy's shell during the fight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. T. MANNING,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Ordnance, Right Wing.

Lieutenant Colonel E. P. ALEXANDER,

Chief of Ordnance, Department of Northern Virginia.

Numbers 214. Report of Colonel Stephen D. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding artillery battalion, of the battle of Sharpsburg.
HEADQUARTERS BATTALION RESERVE ARTILLERY,Camp near Winchester, Va., October 11, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to render the following report of the part taken by the battalion of artillery under my orders in the battle of Sharpsburg:

The battalion crossed the Antietam about 8 a.m. September 15, and, in obedience to orders from General Longstreet, with the exception of Eubank's battery, took position on the bluffs to the left of the pike, facing the Antietam. Eubank's battery, in compliance with a written order of General Longstreet, held by the adjutant-general of Toomb's brigade, was sent to report to General Toombs, at the lower bridge, and remained with his brigade until the army recrossed the Potomac. Nothing of interest occurred during the morning.

About 1 p.m. the infantry of the enemy made its appearance across the creek, and was fired on by my long-range guns, causing them to move back. The enemy soon brought up several long-range batteries, with which they opened on our guns whenever they fired on their infantry. Nothing resulted from this firing except to make their infantry change position. The guns engaged were two rifled pieces of Parker's battery, two of Rhett's battery,* under Lieutenant [William] Elliott, and one of Jordan's battery, # under Lieutenant C. A. Bower. They were exposed to a hot fire; several men slightly wounded and several horses disabled. During the night the battalion, excepting Moody's battery,## shifted farther to the left of our line, taking a sheltered position on the Sharpsburg and Hagerstown pike, in front of a church. Remained during the day, the enemy making no offensive demonstration until near sundown. Since early in the morning they appeared engaged in massing

---------------

*The Brooks Artillery.

#The Bedford Artillery.

##The Madison Light Artillery.

---------------

