
[CHAP. XXXI.

be manned, and received orders from one of General Longstreet's aides to take position in front of the village of Sharpsburg, to the right and left of the turnpike, relieving Colonel Walton, of the Washington Artillery, of New Orleans. Four of Moody's guns were placed on the right of the village; two of Parker's and two of Jordan's were placed at the left; Rhett's two pieces were placed on a ridge to the left of the village, on the Sharpsburg and Hagerstown pike. These guns, in their respective positions, did good service. Those in front of the village were exposed to a heavy fire of artillery and infantry, the sharpshooters of the enemy being within 200 yards of them during the entire evening. The guns of Moody's battery, in connection with Squires' battery, of the Washington Artillery, of New Orleans, repelled some six or eight attempts of the infantry of the enemy to take our position. At one time their infantry was within 150 yards of our batteries, when, by a charge of our supporting infantry, they were driven back. Two guns of Moody's battery, with Garnett's brigade, drove the enemy from the ridge to the left of the village after they had taken the ridge from our troops. The guns retained their position in front of the village till our troops were driven into the village on the right, when, by direction of General Garnett, they withdrew. The enemy were afterward repulsed from the village, and the hill for a short time was re-occupied by Captain Thomas H. Carter's battery. It was now near dark, and the hill was held but by a few infantry.

Captain Eubank's battery not being with me, I am not prepared to speak from personal observation of his action, but General Toombs informed me that he and his company did good and gallant service.

The officers and men of my battalion behaved with the utmost gallantry. During the entire time engaged they were exposed to a heavy fire from the enemy, as is shown by the list of casualties inclosed; but of about 300 men who went into action, 86 casualties occurred and 60 horses were disabled.

In the morning, the battalion was engaged during the severe fight before our re-enforcements came up on the left, and was the only artillery engaged with General Hood's division. In the evening, it was engaged in front of the village and on the right, where the fight was heaviest. I regret to state that Captain Woolfolk's battery lost a gun on the field. It was on the left in the morning, when our lines gave way before the overwhelming numbers of the enemy. The 4 horses, 2 drivers, and 4 cannoneers at the piece were disabled, and it was with difficulty that the battery could be moved. I do not attach any blame to the captain. The piece could not be recovered, owing to the proximity of the enemy, though several attempts were made.

Captain John S. Taylor, Confederate States Artillery, temporarily attached to my staff, was killed in the morning while gallantly discharging his duties. He was entirely fearless, and always sought the post of danger, and his example did much toward inspiring his daring in all around him.

Thought, generally, all behaved well, I will particularly mention the following as having attracted my attention by distinguished gallantry: Capts. George V. Moody, Parker, and Pichegru Woolfolk, jr.,; Lieutenant Elliott, commanding Rhett's battery; Lieutenants Gilbert and Fickling, Rhett's battery; Lieutenant Parkinson, Parker's battery (severely wounded in the leg); Lieutenant J. Sillers, Moody's battery; Sergeant Conroy, Price, and Corporals Gaulin and Donoho, Moody's battery. I would also mention Lieutenant Maddox, of Colonel A. S. Cutts battalion of artillery, who had two guns under my command, and

