
behaved with great gallantry. My adjutant, Lieutenant W. H. Kemper, Alexandria Artillery, was of great assistance to me, and exhibited gallantry and coolness in an eminent degree.

Inclosed is a list* of casualties.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Colonel Artillery, C. S. Army, Commanding Battalion.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Right Wing.

Numbers 215. Report of Captain Marcellus N. Moorman, commanding artillery battalion, of the loss of artillery at Sharpsburg.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CAMP,October 19, 1862.

COLONEL: In response to your inquiry of this morning, "as to the time and place of, and the circumstances attending, the loss of two 10-pounder Parrott guns and the rear part of caisson in the recent engagements," I am happy to state that you have been misinformed as to my losing two guns and rear [carriage of] caisson. During the engagement of September 17 at Sharpsburg (I presume between the hours of 3 and 4 o'clock) I had a 10-pounder Parrott disabled, axle being lost. The gun was then hauled off some 800 yards, and limber sent off for another carriage, which was soon procured, and forthwith returned for the gun, but, during the interim, some one, supposing the gun abandoned, appropriated it. These are the particulars as I get them from Lieutenant C. R. Phelps, then in command.

Respectfully,

M. N. MOORMAN,

Captain, Commanding Artillery Battalion, Anderson's Division.

Lieutenant Colonel E. P. ALEXANDER,

Chief of Artillery, &amp;c.

Numbers 216. Report of Captain Victor Maurin, commanding company of Donaldsonville Artillery, of the loss of artillery, &c., at Blackford's or Boteler's Ford.

CAMP NEAR WARNER McKARNE'S FARM,

Frederick County, Va., October 20, 1862.

SIR: In answer to your inquiries of this day, I herein send you that part of my report referring to the loss of the Parrott gun and caisson, made to Colonel J. B. Walton, chief of artillery, on the 20th ultimo, and to General Pryor on the 9th instant:

In the retreat of the 19th near Shepherdstown one Parrott gun and caisson was lost. This happened in the following manner: The smooth-bore guns, on account of their short range, and the 3-inch rifle gun, for

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

