
[CHAP. XXXI.

want of long-range fuses, being of no service, were sent to the rear about 4 p.m. The two Parrott guns remained in position until dark, and, when ordered to move back, could no longer pass through the road, it being commanded by the enemy's artillery. I was, therefore, obliged to cut across fields and fences and a country entirely unknown to me, without a guide, and, in the darkness of the night, the rear piece, with worn-out horses, lagged behind. Lieutenant R. P. Landry returned to bring it up, but lost his way, and having come before a thick wood which could not be crossed, it was there abandoned and spiked, the enemy shouting in the rear, and, as he believed, gaining upon him. I sent for the piece and caisson the next, day, but only the caisson was recovered, the piece having been taken away. One caisson for 6-pounder gun was destroyed by a shell during the evening of the same day. We lost 20 horses in the engagement, and, besides, having suffered much for food, being harassed during three days and nights, contributed greatly to the loss of the gun.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. MAURIN,

Captain, Commanding Company, Donaldsonville Artillery.

Lieutenant Colonel E. P. ALEXANDER,

Chief of Ordnance.

Numbers 217. Report of Colonel J. B. Walton, Washington (Louisiana) Artillery, of the battle of Sharpsburg.

DECEMBER 4, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the several batteries composing the battalion Washington Artillery under my command in the engagements before Sharpsburg, Md., on September 16 and 17 last:

On September 15 the battalion, attached to the right wing of the Army of Northern Virginia, reached Sharpsburg, Md. Here a line of battle was formed, with the Antietam in our front, and here the forces under Generals Lee and Longstreet awaited the approach of McClellan's army. The four companies of this battalion were posted on the line as follows: The first company, Captain C. W. Squires, Lieuts. E. Owen, Galbraith, and Brown, with two 3-inch rifles and two 10-pounder Parrott guns, on the right of the turnpike running through the center of and to the front of the town; the third company, Captain M. B. Miller, Lieutenants McElroy and Hero, with four 12-pounder Napoleons, to the right of Captain Squire; to the right of Captain Miller, across a ravine and in an orchard in front of General D. R. Jones' position, were placed the second company, Captain J. B. Richardson, Lieutenants Hawes, Britton, and De Russy, with two Napoleons and two 12-pounder howitzers, and the fourth company, Captain B. F. Eshleman, Lieutenants Norcom, Battles, and Apps, with two 6-pounder bronze guns and two 12-pounder howitzers. During the afternoon the enemy made his appearance across the Antietam, and opened upon our lines with his long-range batteries. We did not reply, our guns not being able to reach his position.

The next morning (16th), the enemy having planted some batteries nearer our position and becoming annoying, I ordered the batteries to open all along our line, and engaged him in an artillery duel. This commenced at 11 a.m. and ended at 11.40, a period of forty minutes. Some

