
ther time. Lieutenant-Colonel McElroy was directed to destroy all the stores, &amp;c., which he could not remove when he left his position.

The next day, through the exertions of Major McLaws' assistant quartermaster, a road was opened, and four Parrott guns brought up the mountain and placed in position-two pieces Read's battery, commanded by Captain Read, and two pieces Captain Carlton's battery, commanded by Captain Carlton. As the major-general commanding was present on Sunday, and witnessed the constancy and efficiency of the fire of these guns, it is not necessary for me to refer further to it.

Sunday night I received orders to withdraw the command from the mountain and proceed to Brownsville, to meet the enemy in that direction, leaving Lieutenant-Colonel McElroy's Thirteenth Mississippi Regiment and Read's two pieces of artillery. We left the mountain at daylight Monday morning. In this engagement our loss was heavy; but three of my regiments were engaged, the ground not admitting of the employment of a larger number. The Seventh and Eighth Regiments exhausted their ammunition, and the Third Regiment had but a few rounds left when the place was carried. Prisoners were taken from three different regiments of the enemy, one of which was represented to number 1,000 men. Many of the enemy were left dead on the field, but, from the statement of prisoners and the indications in the rear, it is certain that they removed the most of their dead and wounded during the action. The conduct of the whole command, contending as they were against the most formidable natural obstacles, without water, which could not be obtained nearer than the foot of the mountain, and encountering an enemy most strongly posted and superior in numbers to all that could be brought into position against him, is worthy of the highest commendation. To General Barksdale I am much indebted for his hearty co-operation and valuable assistance. Dr. T. W. Salmond and the medical staff of the brigade were assiduous in the discharge of their duties, under great difficulties, as their ambulances and stores could not be brought upon the mountain. I am much indebted to Major Bradley, of the Mississippi regiment, for his brave and efficient handling of our advanced skirmishers. Colonel D. Wyatt Aiken, and his officers and men, who bore the brunt of the battle and suffered the greatest loss, are particularly deserving of mention. Of all the regiments engaged, it is worthy of mention that not one man went to the rear uninjured during the engagement. My thanks are especially due to Captain Holmes, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Dwight, acting adjutant and inspector-general, and Lieutenant Doby, aide-de-camp, for most efficient and intelligent discharge of the staff duties on the field. I regret to say that Lieutenant Dwight was seriously injured by a fall from the rocks while communicating a message to General Barksdale.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. KERSHAW,

[Brigadier-General].

HDQRS. KERSHAW'S BRIGADE, McLAWS' DIVISION, Near Winchester, Va., October 9, 1862.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders from division headquarters, I have the honor to transmit a report of the operations of my command at the battle of Sharpsburg:

Owing to the exigencies of the service my command were without their usual supply of subsistence from Monday morning, September 13, until the night of the 17th. They were also under arms or marching

