
under command of Major [Franklin] Gaillard, they rallied and broke a fresh line of battle that attempted to follow them.

The Third Regiment, let by its efficient commander, twice changed front on the field in magnificent order, and, after twice driving the enemy, retired with the precision of troops on review.

The Seventh, led by Colonel Aiken, trailed their progress to the cannon's mouth with the blood of their bravest, and, when borne back by resistless force, rallied the remnant left under command of Captain John S. Hard, the senior surviving officer. Colonel Aiken was most dangerously wounded, and every officer and man in the color company either killed or wounded, and their total loss 140 out of 268 men carried in. The colors of this regiment, shot from the staff, formed the winding-sheet of the last man of the color company at the extreme point reached by our troops that day.

Major White, whose death we lament, was a most gallant and accomplished officer of elevated character and noble principles. No better or braver soldier survives him.

Read's battery performed the most important service in a position of great danger. Second Lieutenant Samuel B. Parkman was killed on the field, gallantly discharging his duty. One gun was disabled and abandoned, and so many horses as to render it necessary to bring off their pieces severally. The acts of individual heroism performed on this memorable day are so numerous that regimental commanders have not attempted to particularize them.

I am, as usual, greatly indebted to Captain Holmes, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Doby, aide-de-camp, of my staff, for intelligent and efficient assistance in carrying orders to all part of the field. They were everywhere exposed, with characteristic courage.

Privates Baurn and Deas, orderlies, were also with me in the field, bearing themselves with courage and intelligence. The latter had his horse shot in three places.

I have already transmitted a statement of our losses.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. KERSHAW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major JAMES M. GOGGIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 220. Report of Captain John P. W. Read, commanding battery, of operations September 17.

CAMP BRIGADIER-GENERAL KERSHAW'S BRIGADE, October 20, 1862.

COLONEL: Your note of 19th instant had just been received, and contents noted.

About 3 p. m. of Wednesday, the 17th ultimo, near Sharpsburg, Md., I was ordered by one of General Lee's staff to take my two rifle guns and report to him (General Lee), who was in the woods on the left-hand side of the road this side of the town. I did so, and was ordered to take my guns and place them in a position so as to bear upon the enemy across some fields over on the right of the road. In going to occupy this position the axle of my 3-inch gun gave way. I then had

