
by a hill in front, but not protecting us from the heavy shelling of his several batteries planted on the side of the mountain on our right. For an hour we remained here inactive, suffering considerably, when we were ordered forward; the men, eager to meet the foe upon a more equal footing, gallantly pressed forward with a cheer, the top of the hill gained amid a galling and destructive shower of balls. There we remained, unfaltering, until Colonel Sanders, finding himself unsupported, ordered us to fall back behind the fence. The command was executed in admirable order. We remained here until the force on our right gave way. To prevent flanking, we changed front to the rear on the Fourth Battalion, and took position behind a stone fence, our extreme left remaining unchanged. We had scarcely executed the movement when General D. H. Hill rode up and ordered us forward to check the advance of the enemy. Colonel Sanders, though very unwell, had gallantly remained on the field, cheering his men by words and example until this moment, when he was too much exhausted to remain any longer. Being next in rank, the command devolved upon me.

The brigade, numbering now about 250 men, moved eagerly and unfalteringly forward to within about 100 yards, then opened a destructive five upon the enemy, largely outnumbering us. He made a short stand, and then fell back behind the hill. Three times did he try to advance, and was as often driven back by the galling fire of our gallant little band. We held them in check (momentarily expecting re-enforcements) until our ammunition was expended. Seeing no sign of support, I was constrained to give the command to fall back. We left the field with not more than 50 or the 250 men. We fell back about 300 yards and joined Colonel Cooke, of the Twenty-seventh North Carolina, remaining with his shattered regiment until he was relieved about 3 p. m.

Where all so nobly did their duty I dislike to discriminate, yet I feel it my duty at least to call your attention to Major [R. E.] McMillan, Twenty-fourth Georgia; Lieutenant F. L. Rogers, Company B, Fifteenth North Carolina, and Private J. R. Doster, Company B, Fifteenth North Carolina, who acted with conspicuous gallantry throughout the day. There were numbers of others who deserve the highest praises for their behavior.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. MacRAE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifteenth North Carolina Troops.

Brigadier General H. COBB,

Commanding Cobb's Brigade.

Numbers 224. Reports of Brigadier General Paul J. Semmes, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of the battles of Crampton's Pass and Sharpsburg.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit herewith the report of Major Holt, commanding the Tenth Georgia Volunteers, of the conduct of his regiment in the battle of Crampton's Gap, on the 14th instant, together with a list of the casualties in his regiment; also Captain Manly's report of the part taken by his battery in the same action:

By order of Major General McLaws, a picket, consisting of a company, was posted in Burkittsville Gap, which, by my orders, was afterward increased to three regiments and five pieces of artillery, thus employing

