
all the regiments of my brigade, except the Tenth Georgia, which had been previously sent to picket the Rohrersville road and other avenues leading down Pleasant Valley in the direction of Harper's Ferry. On the 13th instant, Colonel Perham, commanding Mahone's brigade, reported with his command to me by order of Major-General McLaws, with directions to post one of his regiments as a picket in Solomon's Gap.

Having soon become more familiar with the roads and passes, on the morning of the 14th instant I ordered Colonel Parham, with his three remaining regiments and battery, to Crampton's Gap, for the purpose of guarding that pass; and directed him, if he should need support, to call upon Major Holt, commanding Tenth Georgia Volunteers, for his regiment, then posted on the Rohrersville road. On the morning of the 14th instant, Brigadier-General Cobb, with his command, was ordered up the valley to his old camp near mine, by Major-General McLaws. General McLaws informed me that General Cobb would take command of Crampton's Gap, and directed that the troops under my command should be withdrawn therefrom. When General Cobb returned to his old camp, I called on him, and communicated General McLaws' orders, and soon after set out to visit the picket guard in Burkittsville Gap. While on the mountain, the enemy engaged Colonel Parham's troops with artillery and infantry at the base of the mountain. I immediately dispatched this information to General Cobb, with the request that he would hurry forward his troops to Crampton's Gap, to the support of Colonel Parham, and in a few minutes I followed hurriedly on horseback, for the purpose of offering General Cobb whatever assistance it might be in my power to render him. Arriving at the base of, and soon after commencing the ascent of, the mountain at Crampton's Gap, I encountered fugitives from the battle-field, and endeavored to turn them back. Proceeding farther up the mountain, the troops were met pouring down the road and through the wood, in great disorder, where I found General Cobb and his staff, at the imminent risk of their lives, using every effort to check and rally them. I immediately joined my efforts, and those of my staff who were with me, to General Cobb's, and co-operated with him for a considerable time in the vain effort to rally the men. Finding it impossible to rally them so near the enemy, it was determined to post artillery about half a mile farther to the rear and bring up two of my regiments from Burkittsville Gap, which had been previously ordered forward, and make a stand there to arrest the farther advance of the enemy during that night. Line of battle was finally formed here. The enemy made no farther advance.

Colonel Parham, commanding Mahone's brigade, and Colonel Munford, of the cavalry, as I was informed, jointly made the dispositions for the battle, which was conducted under their orders, and the troops under their command had been thrown into disorder and were retiring from the field before General Cobb's command came up.

Major Holt's report shows that up to the time he was disabled his regiment behaved well, and I can testify from my own observation that Captain Loud, upon whom the command devolved, conducted himself most gallantly. A section of Captain Manly's battery, and three pieces of the Reserve Artillery, under command of Captain Macon, which had been ordered to Burkittsville Gap by myself, did good service in breaking the enemy's lines, checking his advance, and inflicting loss on him.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PAUL J. SEMMES,

Brigadier-General.

Major JAMES M. GOGGIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

