
Cody, volunteer aides, were present during the entire action, and were more exposed, if possible, than any of the troops, being often employed in bearing orders to the different parts of my line and to commanders of other troops in the vicinity, displaying coolness and gallantry of the highest order, and all escaping untouched except Lieutenant Redd, who received a slight wound on the body from spent bullet. Calling for a staff officer to bear an order to the regiments on the left, none being at hand, Captain Henley, acting commissary of subsistence, Thirty-second Virginia, who had been shot through the arm but refused to quit the field, offered himself to become the bearer, which was declined, on account of his wound; whereupon, stating that his wound was slight and that he was not disabled, he was allowed to proceed. While doing so, he fell, severely wounded, pierced with two bullets. This is only a prominent example of many acts of signal daring and valor displayed on that bloody and memorable field by officers and men of all the regiments.

After the enemy was thus driven back, and the fire of his small-arms had for some time entirely ceased, the troops, having been under an incessant musketry and artillery fire for two hours and twenty minutes, were so thoroughly exhausted and their ammunition so nearly expended as to render necessary the order to retire for the purpose of reforming and obtaining a fresh supply of ammunition. Remaining myself an hour longer in front, with Lieutenant Davis and 6 men of the Tenth Georgia Volunteers, I then withdrew and reported to Major-General McLaws, who ordered my brigade to be reassembled in reserve.

Thirty-six prisoners, including a lieutenant-colonel and first lieutenant, were captured at a farm-house, the most advanced position held by my brigade, which is some hundreds of yards in advance of the other portions of our line of battle.

The reports of regimental commanders are herewith submitted, to which reference is respectfully asked for further details.

Manly's battery was detached from my command during the battle. His report is herewith submitted.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PAUL J. SEMMES,

Brigadier-General.

Major JAMES M. GOGGIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS SEMMES' BRIGADE, October 27, 1862.

MAJOR: In answer to the inquiry by Major-General Longstreet as to the number of colors lost by our troops in the battles in Maryland, I have the honor to state that no colors were lost by the regiments of this brigade. In the battle of Sharpsburg the colors of the Fifty-third Georgia received two shots; that of the Fifteenth Virginia, ten, and the pike was once cut in two; 2 color-bearers were wounded, and 1 of the color-guard was killed and 1 wounded. The colors of the Thirty-second Virginia received seventeen shots, and the pike was once cut in two and 1 of the color-guard killed. The colors of the Tenth Georgia received forty-six shots, and the pike was once hit and twice cut in two; 1 color-bearer and 1 of the color-guard were killed, and 1 color-bearer and 1 of the color-guard wounded. These facts were not incorporated in the

