
report of the operations of this brigade in the battle of Sharpsburg. It is, therefore, respectfully submitted that this communication be regarded as a supplement to that report.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PAUL J. SEMMES,

Brigadier-General.

Major JAMES M. GOGGIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 225. Report of Captain Basil C. Manly, commanding North Carolina Battery, of the battle of Crampton's Pass.

FIELD NEAR MARTINSBURG, September 22, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders, I furnish you with an account of the part borne by my battery in the battle at Crampton's Gap, on Sunday, September 14, 1862.

On Saturday, 13th instant, by order of General Semmes, I took position on the mountains near Crampton's Gap, and remained there all that night, waiting the approach of the enemy, reported advancing. On Sunday morning, about 9 o'clock, the advance of the enemy came in sight; shortly afterward they appeared in heavy columns and formed line of battle about 3 miles off, and commenced advancing on the town of Burkittsville. When within about half a mile of Burkittsville, I opened fire on them from my rifle gun, and, after some eight or ten rounds, succeeded in bringing them to a halt. Shortly afterward they withdrew, and attacked with heavy re-enforcements the lower pass. I kept up a sharp fire on them from my battery all day, with every appearance of doing them considerable damage, as their lines were broken several times, and one of them never formed again. Since then I have learned, from their prisoners, that one of their prominent officers, a general, was killed, instantly, by our shells. I sustained no loss at all in the engagement. My men all acted well. I am indebted to Lieutenant [C. C.] Wrenshall for the fine management of his section during the entire fight.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. C. MANLY,

Commanding Artillery, Semmes' Brigade.

Captain E. B. BRIGGS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 226. Report of Major Willis C. Holt, Tenth Georgia Infantry, of the battle of Crampton's Pass.

NEAR MARTINSBURG, W. VA., September 22, 1862.

CAPTAIN: On the morning of the 14th instant I received an order from General Semmes to move up to a church on the Rohrersville road for picket duty. In the evening I received another order from General

