
Corps, Snickersville; the Sixth Corps crossed the Potomac and encamped near wheatland; the Ninth Corps advanced to Bloomfield,

Union, and Philomont. Pleasonton drove the enemy out of Union. Averell was ordered to join Pleasonton. The enemy offered no serious resistance to the occupation of Snicker's Gap, but advanced to regain possession of it with a column of some 5,000 to 6,000 infantry, who were driven back by a few rounds from our rifled guns.

On the 3rd the First Corps moved to Philomont, Union, Bloomfield, &amp; c.; the Second Corps to the vicinity of Upperville; the Fifth Corps remained at Snicker's Gap; the Sixth Corps moved to Purcellville; the Ninth Corps moved toward Upperville. Pleasonton drove the enemy out of Upperville after a severe fight.

On the 4th the Second Corps took possession of Ashby's Gap; the Sixth Corps reached Union; the Ninth Corps, Upperville; the cavalry occupied Piedmont. On the 5th the First Corps moved to Rectortown and White Plains; one division of the Second Corps to the intersection of the Paris and Piedmont with the Upperville and Barbee's road; the Sixth Corps to the Aldie pike, east of Upperville; the Ninth Corps beyond the Manassas Railroad, between Piedmont and Salem, with a brigade at Manassas Gap. the cavalry under Averell had a skirmish at Manassas Gap, and the brigade of Pleasonton gained a handsome victory over superior numbers at Barbee's Cross-Roads. Bayard's cavalry had some sharp skirmishing in front of Salem.

On the 6th the First Corps advanced to Warrenton; the Second Corps to Rectortown; the Fifth Corps commenced its movement from Snicker's Gap to White Plains; the Ninth Corps to Waterloo and vicinity on the Rappahannock; the Eleventh Corps was at New Baltimore, Thoroughfare and Hopewell Gaps; Sickles' division guarding the Orange and Alexandria Railroad from Manassas Junction toward Warrenton Junction; the cavalry near Flint Hill; Bayard to cut off what there might be in Warrenton and to proceed to the Rapahannock Station.

November 7 General Pleasonton was ordered to move toward Little Washington and Sperryville, and thence toward Culpeper Court-House.

November 8 the Second Corps moved half way to warrenton; the Fifth Corps to New Baltimore.

November 9 the Second and Fifth Corps reached Warrenton; the Sixth Corps New Baltimore.

Late on the night of the 7th I received an order relieving me from the command of the Army of the Potomac, and directing me to turn it over to General Burnside, which I at once did.

I had already given the orders for the movements of the 8th and 9th. These orders were carried into effect without change.

The position in which I left the army, as the result of the orders I had given, was as follows:

The First, Second, and Fifth Corps, Reserve Artillery, and general headquarters, at Warrenton; the Ninth Corps on the line of the Rappahannock, in the vicinity of Waterloo; the Sixth Corps at New Baltimore; the Eleventh Corps at New Baltimore, Gainesville, and Thoroughfare Gap; sickles' division of the third Corps on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad from Manassas Junction to warrenton Junction; Pleasonton across the Rappahannock at Amissville, Jefferson, & c., with his pickets at Hazel River, facing Longstreet, 6 miles from Culpeper Court-House; Bayard, near Rappahannock Station.

The army was thus massed near warrenton, ready to act in any required direction, perfectly in hand, and in admirable condition and

