
hold it until the night of the 18th, when, by your orders, I joined the column of the main army, when it retired across the Potomac.

To both officers and men much credit is due for the courage and daring they exhibited throughout the engagement. Major Campbell, commanding the Eighteenth Regiment, was seriously wounded and taken from the field while nobly leading his regiment in the fight. Lieutenant-Colonel [K.] McElroy, of the Thirteenth Regiment, although wounded, remained in command of his regiment until the battle ceased. Lieutenant-Colonel [John C.] Fiser, of the Seventeenth, and Captain Sims, of the Twenty-first, were conspicuous for the coolness and gallantry with which they handled their respective commands. To Colonel [Benjamin G.] Humphreys, of the Twenty-first, and Lieutenant-Colonel [W. H.] Luse, of the Eighteenth, who reached the field just as the battle was closing, I am under peculiar obligations. Their timely presence not only cheered and animated thier own regiments, but the entire brigade. Lieutenant J. A. Barksdale, of my staff, was prompt and fearless in the execution of all orders. Surgeons Austin, of the Thirteenth; Green, of the Seventeenth; Griffin, of the Eighteenth, and Hill, of the Twenty-first, were faithful and energetic in their attention to the wounded.

I close this report with the remark that my command did its duty upon the ensanguined field of Sharpsburg.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM BARKSDALE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Major JAMES M. GOGGIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, McLaws' Division.

Numbers 232. Report of Captain A. M. Feltus, Sixteenth Mississippi Infantry, of Featherston's brigade, Anderson's division, of the battle of Sharpsburg.

SEPTEMBER 22, 1862.

COLONEL: I herewith submit a report of the part taken by the Sixteenth Mississippi Regiment in the action of 17th instant, near Sharpsburg, Md.:

The regiment was on the left of the brigade. About 10 a. m., being ordered to advance in the direction of the enemy, did so in good order. We advanced in line of battle, having the brigade of General Pryor in our front. Passing by a large barn, we proceeded, under a heavy fire of artillery and small-arms, several hundred yards farther, and came on General Pryor's brigade and a brigade of North Carolina troops lying down in a road beyond the first corn-field after passing the barn. The regiment, as did the brigade, passed over these troops and confronted the enemy in line of battle, who were drawn up some 300 yards from the road, pouring a destructive fire in our ranks. During this time the losses in the regiment had been heavy. A murderous fire of grape, canister, shell, and small-arms played on us. Notwithstanding, this regiment gallantly held its position until ordered to retire, which it did in as good order as could be expected from its thinned ranks. When we retired as far as the road, a scene of great confusion ensued from the mingling together of different brigades. We continued to fall back until we reached the barn, where the remnant of the regiment was rallied in its position on the left of the brigade. In this position we advanced

