
again upon the enemy, and met them in the corn-field beyond the barn. Here, after a desperate fight, we fell back, by orders, to our original position, on account of the terrific cross-fire of the enemy's batteries. We remained in this position, under a heavy fire of shell and solid shot, for about an hour, when the enemy advanced upon us in line of battle. This was about 4 or 5 o'clock in the afternoon. The remnant of the regiment, in its proper position in the brigade, moved forward and met the enemy in the orchard by the barn and drove them back. After this, night ensued and the fight ended.

The number of men carried into the action was 228; of them, 144 were killed or wounded, leaving only 84 men.

The officers and men acted with laudable gallantry during the entire engagement.

A. M. FELTUS,

Captain, Commanding Sixteenth Mississippi Regiment.

Colonel C. POSEY,

Commanding Featherston's Brigade.

Numbers 233. Report of Major General David R. Jones, C. S. Army, commanding division, of operations September 2-19.

RICHMOND, VA., December 8, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my division and of the part it performed in the engagements of the campaign in Northern Virginia and Maryland. Serious illness and absence from the field had delayed its appearance till now:*

* * * * * *

Remaining in position at Ox Hill during the 2nd [of September], I marched on the 3rd for Leesburg by the Dranesville road, crossing Goose Creek, and reaching that place on the evening of the 4th.

On the morning of September 6, I crossed my division into Maryland-now increased to six brigades by the addition of Kemper's brigade, Pickett's brigade (commanded by Brigadier-General Garnett), and Jenkins' brigade (commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Walker)-marched through Buckeystown, and encamped on the banks of the Monocacy, marching next day to the Monocacy Junction, and going into camp near Frederick City.

On the morning of the 10th I marched through Boonsborough, Funkstown, and Hagerstown, encamping near the latter place on the Williamsport road on the 12th.

On the 14th I marched on the Frederick road in the direction of that city, hearing heavy firing, leaving Toombs' brigade in command of Hagerstown, and Eleventh Georgia Regiment, of Anderson's brigade, in charge of wagon-train. Halting just beyond Boonsborough, Drayton's and Anderson's brigade were temporarily detached from my command and ordered to report to General D. H. Hill. With my three other brigades present I was ordered by General Longstreet to march to a pass about a mile to the right of the main road, through which the enemy was said to be flanking our army. Reaching the pass and finding the report

---------------

*Portion of report here omitted is printed in Series I, Vol. XII, Part II, pp. 578-580.

---------------

