
the nucleus on which the brigade rallied. Jenkins' brigade held its own, and from their position in the orchard poured a destructive fire on the enemy. General Toombs, whom I had sent for, arriving from the right with a portion of his brigade and part of the Eleventh Georgia Regiment, was ordered to charge the enemy. This he did most gallantly, supported by Archer's brigade, of Hill's command, delivering fire at less than 50 yards, dashing at the enemy with the bayonet, forcing him from the crest, and following him down the hill. McIntosh's battery was retaken, and, assisted by other pieces, which were now brought up to the edge of the crest, a terrific fire was opened on the lines of the enemy between the slope and the creek, which, finally breaking them, caused a confused retreat to the bridge. Night had now come on, putting an end to the conflict, and leaving my command in the possession of the ground we had held in the morning, with the exception of the mere bridge.

In this days' battle fell Lieutenant-Colonel [William R.] Holmes, Second Georgia, and Colonel [W. T.] Millican, Fifteenth Georgia, dying as brave men should die.

On the morning of the 18th much sharpshooting took place, continuing all day. At 9 p. m. I took up line of march for the Potomac, which river I crossed, taking with me all my artillery, wagons, and material, without any loss whatever, encamping near Shepherdstown, W. Va., on the morning of the 19th.

I have the greatest to be satisfied with the officers and men of my command.

To my staff I am particularly indebted. Major Coward, my assistant adjutant-general, displayed on all occasions that cool courage and discrimination which predict for him a brilliant military career. I am much gratified at his well-merited promotion.

Captain Osman Latrobe, my inspector-general, on all occasions, and particularly at Sharpsburg, conducted himself with distinguished gallantry. Wherever the battle raged hottest, there was he, directing and encouraging the troops. I earnestly recommend his promotion to the rank of major.

Surgeon Barksdale, of my staff, did more than his duty, exposing himself on the field and rendering me valuable assistance.

Captain Philip B. Jones, jr., volunteer aide on my staff, displayed great gallantry, carrying my orders through the beat of battle.

Captain E. N. Thurston, my ordnance officer, previous to his capture at Ox Hill, carried my orders with great promptness, displaying perfect coolness, on all occasions, when in the face of the enemy.

My regular aide-de-camp, First Lieutenant J. W. Ford, during the recent campaign was acting as assistant quartermaster of my division, and discharged the duties of his office to my entire satisfaction.

It affords me pleasure to mention, in the highest terms, the efficiency of Major Moses, my division commissary.

Mr. Charles U. Williams, volunteer aide on my staff, was of much service to me. He was with me throughout the campaign, and never for one moment did he falter in his zeal for the service or in his conspicuous coolness. I heartily recommend him for a commission in the Confederate service.

Captain H. E. Young, assistant adjutant-general, and Mr. Hugh Rose, volunteer aides for the occasion, served most faithfully, obeying with cool courage and much gallantry all orders given them.

D. R. JONES,

Major-General.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Longstreet's Corps.

