
Colonel Benning stood by his brigade on the Antietam, guiding, directing, and animating his officers and men with distinguished coolness, courage, and skill; withdrew them from that perilous condition; again led them, with equal skill and courage, in the final conflict with the enemy. He deserves the special consideration of the Government.

Colonel Cumming, with marked gallantry and skill, led his regiment throughout the day, and, after the long and bloody conflict at the bridge, brought up one of its fragments to the last charge, and was among the foremost in it.

Major Harris, of the Second, after the fall of Colonel Holmes, though suffering from a painful wound, stood firmly and gallantly by his command during the whole day.

Colonel Benning being in command of the brigade, and Lieutenant-Colonel [Wesley C.] Hodges and Major [J. H.] Pickett both being absent, from severe wounds received by them in former battles, Captain McGregor led the Seventeenth Regiment with ability, courage, and skill.

Major Little led his battalion of the Eleventh Georgia with a dashing courage and success which won the admiration of his comrades. The officers and men of his battalion deserve especial mention for their gallantry and good conduct.

Captain [J. B.] Richardson and his officers and men, of the company of the Washington Artillery attached to my own brigade, were conspicuous throughout the day for courage and good conduct. Captain Richardson clung to the infantry amid every danger, and, being nobly seconded on every occasion by his officers and men, largely contributed to every success. During the whole connection of this battery with my command, its officers and men have so conducted themselves everywhere-on the march, in the camp, and in the battle-field-as to merit and receive my special approbation.

The duties of my staff, from the nature and extent of the operations of my command and its distance from the main body, were peculiarly arduous and dangerous, and I am much indebted to them for their extraordinary efforts on that occasion. Every difficulty was met by increased energy and exertion, and every increased danger with a higher courage and devotion to duty. During the combat on the river they were all constantly engaged in arduous and dangerous duties.

In the final conflict Captain Troup was on the left of my line; Captain [D. M.] DuBose on my right; Cadet [W. T.] Lamar accompanied me personally, and Captain [A. A. F.] Hill, of First Georgia Regulars, assigned to me for special duty, and Lieutenant Grant were actively executing my orders in carrying orders and bringing up troops.

It happened to my aide, Captain J. R. Troup, on three occasions during the day, while in the performance of his ordinary duties, to pass troops which had broken and left their positions, on all of which occasions he rallied them with great skill and energy, succeeding on one occasion in leading them back into position, and on another inspired them with his own courage and enthusiasm, and led them successfully in the charge on the enemy's columns. Captain Troup's conduct throughout the day was conspicuous for ability and courage, and is entitled to marked and special approbation.

The conduct of one of my couriers, Mr. Thomas Paschal, of Cobb's Legion, deserves special mention for courage and fidelity to duty under circumstances of peculiar difficulties and dangers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TOOMBS.

Brigadier General D. R. JONES.

