
hing had gone forward. On the same date (the 11th), he spoke of many of his horses being broken down, by fatigue.

On the 12th he complained that the rate of supply was only 150 horses per week for the entire army there and in front of Washington. I immediately directed the Quartermaster-General to inquire into this matter, and to report why a larger supply was not furnished. General Meigs reported on the 14th that the average issue of horses to General McClellan's army in the field and in front of Washington for the previous six weeks had been 1,450 per week,or 8,754 in all; in addition, that large numbers of had been supplied, and that the number of animals with General McClellan's army on the Upper Potomac was over 31,000. He also reported that he was then sending to that army all the horses he could procure.

On the 18th, General McClellan stated, in regard to General Meigs' report that he had filled every requisition for shoes and clothing-

General Meighs may have ordered these articles to be forwarded, but they have not reached our depots, and unless greater effort to insure prompt transmission is made by the department of which General Meigs is the head, they might as well remain in New York of Philadelphia so far as this army is concerned.

I immediately called General Meigs' attention to this apparent neglect of his department. On the 25th he reported, as the result of his investigation, that 48,000 pairs of boots and shoes had been received by the quartermaster of General McClellans army at Harper's Ferry, Frederick, and Hagerstown; that 20,000 pairs were at Harper's Ferry depot on the 21st; that 10,000 more were on their way, and 15,000 more ordered. Colonel Ingalls, aide-de-camp and chief quartermaster to General McClellan, telegraphed on the 25th:

The suffering for want of clothing is exaggerated, I think, and certainly might have been avoided by timely requisitions of regimental and brigade commanders.

On the 24th he telegraphed to the Quartermaster-General that-

The clothing was not detained in cars at the depots. Such complaints are groundless. The fact is, the clothing arrives and is issued, but more is still wanted. I have ordered more than would seem necessary from any data furnished me, and I beg to remind you that you have always very promptly met al my requisitions as far as clothing is concerned. Our department is not at fault. It provides as soon as due notice is given. I foresee no time when any army of over 100,000 men will not call for clothing and other articles.

In regard to General McClellan's means of promptly communicating the wants of his army to me or to the proper bureaus of the War Department, I report that in addition to the ordinary mails he has been in hourly communication with Washington by telegraph.

It is due to General Meigs that I should submit herewith a copy of a telegram received by him from General McClellan.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL McCLELLAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

October 22, 1862-9.40 p. m.

Brigadier-General MEIGS:

Your dispatch of this date is received. I have never intended in any letter or dispatch to make any accusation against yourself or your department for not furnishing or forwarding clothing as rapidly as it was possible for you to do. I believe that everything has been done that could be done in this respect both by yourself and department. The

