
Sergeant Muses, Company G, were particularly active in the discharge of their duties.

The regiment lost in this fight 4 killed and 27 wounded, a report of which has been already forwarded. My entire color-guard was either killed or wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

GEO. C. CABELL,

Major Eighteenth Virginia Regiment, Commanding.

General Garnett's ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

Numbers 238. Report of Captain B. Brown, Nineteenth Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Boonsborough and Sharpsburg.

OCTOBER 15, 1862.

[I have the honor to make the following] report of the battle of Slaughter's Gap, September 14:

On Sunday, September 14, the Nineteenth Virginia Regiment, numbering 150 men, after marching from Hagerstown, Md., to Boonsborough, was ordered to load and prepare for action. The sun was nearly setting behind the western hills when the regiment was formed in a line of battle on the top of a hill, with an open space in front, where the enemy lay concealed behind a stone fence, at the distance of 15 paces. A murderous fire was at once opened upon the regiment by the concealed foe, which was manfully replied to by the nineteenth for more than an hour, when the ranks were thinned to such an extent as to prove a with-drawl absolutely necessary. One-third of the men were rendered unable to fight, and a precipitous retreat from the hill was ordered.

In this engagement Colonel J. B. Strange fell, seriously wounded, and in the retreat was left behind. His voice was heard after he had received his wound, urging his men to stand firmly, and he commanded with that coolness and daring that is found only in the truly brave. In addition to this severe loss, the regiment mourns the death of Lieutenant M. J. Shepherd, of Company B, than whom a truer patriot, a firmer officer, and a nobler youth is not found in our country's service.

The list of casualties shows the number of the brave ever to be lamented by the friends of the Nineteenth.

The command fell upon Captain John L. Cocharan after the fall of Colonel Strange. Total loss, 63; names* heretofore furnished.

B. BROWN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

OCTOBER 15, 1862.

[I have the honor to make the following] report of the battle of Sharpsburg, September 17:

The Nineteenth Regiment, weakened by straggling and the casualties of the 14th, was stationed on an eminent hill on the east side of Sharpsburg, with only 50 men, commanded by Lieutenant William N. Wood, acting adjutant, where they were attacked in the evening of the 17th by a large force the enemy approaching in three directions. Under these cir-

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

