
cumstances the regiment maintained its position for two hours, when the enemy had gotten in our rear from the right, and had also passed beyond us on the left, and was pressing with vigor with ten times our number immediately in front of us. Still, death was dealt by the unerring shots of this noble little band. The enemy, with his large force, had come within 80 steps of us, when a hasty retreat down the hill with a circuitous route to the left saved us from the prisoner's cell.

Our loss was comparatively great. The men fought exceedingly well. Among the bravest, I deem it necessary to mention W. T. Rea, a private of Company K; Private E. G. Taylor, Company B, and Ensign L. R. Bowyer.

Loss in this engagement, 8; names * heretofore furnished.

B. BROWN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

[Indorsement.]

Brigadier-General GARNETT:

This regiment was acting more directly under your orders than those of its commander, Captain Brown, who was present during the engagement. I did not recognize Adjutant Wood as its commander on that day, he being only third lieutenant.

Respectfully,

JAMES D. McINTIRE.

Numbers 239. Report of Colonel William D. Stuart, Fifty-sixth Virginia Infantry, of the battle of Boonsborough.
HEADQUARTERS PICKETT'S BRIGADE,October 25, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the part taken by the Fifty-sixth Virginia Regiment, under my command, in the engagement on the South Mountain, near Boonsborough, Md., on Sunday, September 14:

Upon reaching the line of battle assigned to your brigade, I was ordered to the support of General J. L. Kemper, immediately on your left, and distant about 200 yards. I promptly repaired to General Kemper's right, and reported to Colonel Corse, of the Seventeenth Virginia, commanding at that point. He assigned me my place in line of battle in a corn-field, through which the enemy were reported to be advancing immediately in front. Here I remained for some time, when from the direction of the enemy's fire and the appearance of their standards, I found the attack was being made against you on my right, and that my whole flank would be exposed should your position prove untenable. With Colonel Corse's permission, I threw back my right wing, and prepared to meet the enemy from this direction. Dark now settled upon us, and, as it was impossible to see anything of the enemy, and the firing on my right, on your part, had ceased, and a portion of the Twenty-eighth Regiment, of your brigade, had retreated toward my position. I concluded that your position had proved untenable, and advised Colonel Corse again to fall back to the fence separating the cleared and corn

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

