
Those who deserve particular mention for distinguished gallantry and activity were Captain J. T. Burke, of Company D; Lieutenant Thomas Perry, of Company A; Lieutenant [S. S.] Turner, of Company B, and Lieutenants Athey and [F. B.] Littleton, of Company C; and Color-Corporals Murphy and W. Harper, of Company E, won my highest admiration for their cool bravery.

BATTLE OF SHARPSBURG.

About 4 p. m. the enemy was reported to be advancing. We moved forward with the First and Eleventh Regiments (the Seventh and Twenty-fourth being detached to operate on some other part of the field) of the brigade to the top of the hill to a fence, and immediately engaged the enemy at a distance of 50 or 60 yards, at the same time under fire from their batteries on the hills beyond. My regiment, being the extreme right on the line there engaging the enemy, came directly opposite the colors of the regiment to which it was opposed, consequently being overlapped by them, as far as I could judge, at least 100 yards. Regardless of the great odds against them, the men courageously stood their ground until, overwhelmed by superior numbers, they were forced to retire.

I have to state here, general, that we put into the fight but 46 enlisted men and 9 officers. Out of this number, 7 officers and 24 men were killed and wounded and 10 taken prisoners.

It was here that Captain J. T. Burke and Lieutenant Littleton fell-two of the bravest and most valuable officers of my command. Color-Corporal Harper also fell, fighting heroically, at his post. These brave men, I think, deserve particular mention.

I received a wound in the foot, which prevented me from retiring with our line, and was left in the hands of the enemy for a short time, but was soon rescued by General Toombs' brigade and a portion of yours, which drove the enemy back beyond the line we had occupied in the morning.

I saw Major Herbert come up with a portion of the men of the First, Eleventh, and Seventeenth Regiments of your brigade, on the left of General Toombs' line, cheering the men on with his accustomed cool and determined valor.

Lieutenant W. W. Athey, Company C, captured a regimental color of the One hundred and third New York Regiment, presented to them by the city council of New York City, which I herewith forward to you.

My wound being painful, I rode to the surgeon to have it examined, leaving the command to Major Herbert.

Numbers 242. Reports of Colonel Joseph Walker, Palmetto Sharpshooters, commanding Jenkins' brigade, of operations September 14-19.
HEADQUARTERS JENKINS' BRIGADE,Camp near Winchester, Va., October 24, 1862.

SIR: The division of General D. R. Jones, having, by a forced march from Hagerstown, reached Boonsborough, Md., near the South Mountain, about 4 o'clock Sunday evening, September 14, was immediately thrown forward to the support of the troops engaged with the enemy on the

