
mountain. Passing through Boonsborough and crossing a branch, this brigade, in conjunction with General Garnett's, marched by the right flank to a church some mile and a half to the right and south of the turnpike, and then filed off to the left about 1 mile to the foot of the mountain. About the time we reached that position, the firing having pretty well ceased, the two brigades about-faced, marched back within a half mile of the turnpike, an filed off to the right and formed in line of battle midway up the mountain, with General Garnett's brigade on my left. Having thrown out skirmishers preparatory to an advance, I was ordered by General Jones to move the brigade along the mountain to the White House Hotel, on the turnpike at the summit of the pass. Upon reaching the hotel, I posted the brigade a little in advance of it and to the left of the turnpike. Some ten minutes afterward, by order of General Jones, I moved the brigade farther up the mountain and obliquely to the right, in the direction of Middleburg [Middletown], and formed it into line of battle at the foot of the hill, where a fierce fight was raging. The First Regiment South Carolina Volunteers (Lieutenant Colonel D. Livington), the Sixth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers (Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Steedman), and the Fifth Regiment south Carolina Volunteers (Captain T. C. Beckham, commanding), were advanced some 200 yards to the front behind a stone fence, where they engaged in a desultory fire with the enemy until dark, when the brigade was withdrawn to the hotel. Ordered by General Jones to cover the withdrawal of the troops from this portion of the field, I advanced the Second Rifle Regiment South Carolina Volunteers some distance down the turnpike toward Middleburg [Middletown], and threw out a heavy force of skirmishers. This position was held by the brigade until about 4 a. m. September 15, when it was relieved by the cavalry brigade of General Fifzhugh Lee, and rejoined the command of General Jones at Sharpsburg.

In this action the loss of the brigade was as follows:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.

Palmetto	 ...................	 2

Sharpshooters

1st Regiment South	 1	 15

Carolina Volunteers

2nd Regiment Rifles	 ...................	 1

South Carolina

Volunteers

5th Regiment South	 ...................	 6

Carolina Volunteers

6th Regiment South	 2	 5

Carolina Volunteers

4th Battalion	 ...................	 ...................

Total	 3	 29

Although but partially engaged, I commend the conduct of the officers and privates of the brigade, with but one exception, which is as mortifying to the feelings of a Carolinian as it is unworthy of the flag they bear and the cause which they represent. Lieutenant-Colonel Livingston, of the First Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, reports that Company A did not enter the fight, shamefully deserting the regiment while marching through the gap. Why charges have not been preferred against officers and privates for cowardice has not been explained.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH WALKER,

Colonel, Commanding Jenkins' Brigade.

Colonel ROBT. JOHNSTON.

