
near the first position I had held. From this point I was ordered to the Hagerstown road by a staff officer of General Longstreet, and moved to that place, taking position behind the stone fence-a large number of the enemy in front of us in a corn-field. In a short time the enemy opened an enfilade fire on my position with long-range artillery, and I was forced to change, moving down the road toward Sharpsburg under the crest of the hill. At this point I found a 6-pounder gun, and, getting a few men to assist in placing it in position, a lieutenant of infantry, whose name or regiment I do not know, served it most beautifully until the ammunition was exhausted. Parts of several brigades by this time had been collected at this point, and, by direction of General D. H. Hill, were formed in line perpendicularly to and on the right of the road near the position occupied by Rodes' brigade early in the morning. This was about 2 or 3 p. m. Placing me in command, General Hill ordered me to occupy the crest of a hill to my right and rear. I moved to the position and sent forward skirmishers, but failed to find the enemy; and the enemy opening a cross-fire of artillery from the left on us, I moved back to the other position, which was approved by General Hill, who, riding forward to the crest of the hill in our front, called my attention to a line of the enemy advancing apparently to attack us. Suffering them to come near us, I ordered my command to charge them, which they did in splendid style and good order, killing and wounding many of the enemy, taking several prisoners, and routing the remainder. We could not pursue them as far as I wished, because of the severe fire of artillery directed against us from long-range guns that we could not reach.

In this charge parts of Wilcox's, Featherston's, and Pryor's brigades participated with mine, and I am proud to say all officers and men behaved admirably.

The Eleventh Georgia Regiment, Major Little commanding, had been detached at Hagerstown on the 14th by order of Brigadier General D. R. Jones, commanding division, and did not join me until the 18th. Major Little, with five companies, reached Sharpsburg the morning of the 17th, and participated in the fight on our right, under command of brigadier-General Toombs. General D. R. Jones speaks in high terms of their good conduct. I forward Major Little's report, leaving it to the officers under whose command he fought to do him and his men justice.

The battery attached to my brigade (the Wise Artillery, Captain J. S. Brown commanding) was not with me, nor have I received any report from it. Captain Brown was severely wounded by a musket-ball passing entirely through his foot.

I can but say that in each of these engagements all the officers and men, with a few exceptions, of the brigade have behaved in the most gallant manner, nearly the whole of each action being conducted under my own eye.

I know of no particular cases of individual bravery, and can make no discriminations where all did so well, it appearing to be the determination of every one to do his whole duty, as the lists of casualties accompanying this report will testify, showing a loss of 894 killed, wounded, and missing out of about 2,200 with which I reached Gordonsville.

I must express my many obligations to Lieutenant H. D. McDaniel, Eleventh Georgia Regiment, acting assistant adjutant-general during the sickness of Lieutenant Hardwick, for his universal good conduct and gallantry. He was relieved by Lieutenant H[ardwick] on August 28, Lieutenant McD[aniel] having been appointed assistant quartermaster to his regiment. Lieutenant Hardwick being wounded August 30 at

