
Chinn's house, Lieutenant Blackwell, Eight Georgia Regiment, has filled the position of acting assistant adjutant-general very much to my satisfaction, and I have found him at all times prompt and faithful in the discharge of his duties.

I am also under many obligations to Captain Thomas G. Jackson, volunteer aide and acting ordnance officer of the brigade, for his good conduct and ability in the discharge of his duties; and also to Captain Fred. West, volunteer aide, who has been with me since the affair at Thoroughfare Gap, and has nobly and faithfully done his duty.

Many thanks are due to Captain [R. K.] Holliday, assistant quartermaster of the Seventh Georgia Regiment, for invaluable service s rendered on the banks of the Rappahannock in the capacity as volunteer aide.

I must also express my obligations to Lieutenant Tennille, Ninth Georgia Regiment, who aided me and bore himself gallantly under the murderous fire at Manassas, after Lieutenant Hardwick, acting assistant adjutant-general, was wounded.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

GEO. T. ANDERSON,

Colonel Eleventh Georgia Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Major A. COWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 244. Report of Major F. H. Little, Eleventh Georgia Infantry, of the battle of Sharpsburg.

CAMP NEAR WINCHESTER, VA.,

October 7, 1862.

SIR: In relation to the part taken by my regiment in the battle of Sharpsburg, September 17, I have the honor to report as follows, to wit:

On the night of September 16, I received at Shepherdstown an order from Major-General Longstreet, requiring me to join immediately my brigade with my regiment, the left wing of my regiment being at that time at Martinsburg, having been detailed as a guard for General D. H. Hill's commissary train, under command of Captain John W. Stokes, senior captain of said wing. Having received a note from Captain Stokes to the effect that he had seen General Longstreet's order, I remained at Shepherdstown, on the bank of the Potomac, hourly expecting him to arrive. At 8 o'clock, Captain Stokes failing to arrive, and, as I have since learned, having been detained by order of provost marshal at Martinsburg, I crossed the river with the right wing, and proceeded with all possible expedition to Sharpsburg, in quest of the brigade to which my regiment belonged. On arriving at Sharpsburg, I was met by Captain Latrobe, aide to General Jones, commander of the division to which my brigade, belonged, and received orders from him to move out to the right, stating that he would soon meet me and guide me to the position it was desired for me to occupy. Shortly after this, Major Coward, also one of General Jones' aides, conducted me to a strong position behind a tone fence, immediately on the right of the position occupied by a portion of General Toombs' brigade. Here I was placed under the com-

