
instances, was brilliant in the extreme. I desire particularly to call attention to the admirable conduct of the Twenty-seventh North Carolina, commanded by Colonel John R. Cooke, and the Third Arkansas Volunteers, commanded by its senior captain, John W. Reedy.

The coolness and good conduct of Colonel Van H. Manning, commanding brigade, until wounded and carried from the field, is worthy of all praise. Colonel Hall, of the Forty-sixth North Carolina Troops, who, as next in rank, assumed command of the brigade, handled his regiment and the other portions of the brigade falling under his command with skill and judgment.

To Brigadier-General Ransom's coolness, judgment, and skill we are in a great degree indebted for the successful maintenance of our position on the left, which, to have been permanently gained by the enemy, would, in all probability, have been to us the loss of the battle.

General Ransom speaks in high terms of the conduct of Colonel Ransom, of the Thirty-fifth North Carolina; of Lieutenant-Colonel [S. C.] Bryson, of the Twenty-fifth, and Adjutant [O. D.] Cooke, of the Twenty-fourth North Carolina Regiments, and as having particularly distinguished themselves.

The light batteries of Captains French and Branch, the latter under the command of Lieutenant R. G. Pegram, at different times during the day were engaged with the enemy and did good service-especially French's, posted on the extreme left, and under the immediate orders of General Stuart.

Captain William A. Smith, my assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant J. A. Galt, aide-de-camp, were with me upon the field, and rendered me valuable assistance in transmitting orders.

The division suffered heavily, particularly Manning's command (Walker's brigade), which at one time sustained almost the whole fire of the enemy's right wing. Going into the engagement, as it was necessary for us to do, to support the sorely pressed divisions of Hood and Early, it was, of course, impossible to make dispositions based upon a careful reconnaissance of the localities. The post-and-rail fences stretching across the fields lying between us and the enemy's position, I regard as the fatal obstacle to our complete success, on the left, and success there would, doubtless, have changed the fate of the day. Of the existence of this obstacle none of my division had any previous knowledge, and we learned it at the expense of many valuable lives.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Asst. Adjut. General, Right Wing, Army Northern Virginia.

Numbers 246. Report of Colonel E. D. Hall, Forty-sixth North Carolina Infantry, of the battle of Sharpsburg.
HEADQUARTERS WALKER'S BRIGADE,October 3, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit a statement of the part that the Forty-sixth Regiment North Carolina Troops was called upon

