
ing out Company A and the company from the Thirtieth Virginia, as skirmishers. These were, shortly after, driven in. I then sent word to General McLaws that of he would protect my left I would charge the woods. A few minutes after, a brigade, which proved to be General Barksdale's, passed on to my left. As soon as it entered the woods, I moved forward and came upon the right of General Ransom's brigade, which had been engaged and had succeeded in driving the enemy from the woods. Having only my own regiment with me, I informed General R[ansom] that I would connect myself with his command, to which he readily consented. We then took up our position in line of battle, as much protected as the nature of the ground would allow, and remained all day and night, the enemy evincing no desire to contest the woods with us, but satisfied himself with opening on us a very heavy fire of artillery, hoping by that means to drive us out. Although our loss by this fire was considerable, we held the position until the cessation of the battle.

From what I saw of the brigade and what I know of the Forty-sixth Regiment and the two companies before mentioned, which were connected with it, I am sure their conduct will meet the approbation of the general commanding. From the comparative security afforded by the rail breastwork, the losses of the Forty-sixth were not [as great] as they would otherwise have been.

The conduct of the officers and men of the Forty-sixth was all that I could desire; and I must take the liberty of mentioning with commendation the conduct of Captain [H. R.] McKinney, of Company A; he behaved with great gallantry. Adjutant [R.] Mallett also performed his duties with great ability.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. HALL,

Colonel, Commanding Walker's Brigade.

Captain W. A. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 247. Reports of Brigadier General Robert Ransom, jr., C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of the battle of Sharpsburg.
HEADQUARTERS RANSOM'S BRIGADE,Camp near Martinsburg, W. Va., September 22, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part performed by my brigade in the battle near Sharpsburg, Md., on the 17th instant:

The regiments present were the Twenty-fourth, Twenty-fifth, Thirty-fifth, and Forty-ninth North Carolina troops, commanded, respectively, by Lieutenant-Colonel [John L.] Harris, Colonel [H. M.] Rutledge, Colonel [M. W.] Ransom, and Lieutenant-Colonel [L. M.] McAfee. The strength present was about 1,600 aggregate.

About 3 o'clock in the morning of the 17th instant, the brigade, followed by the other of the division, was moved to the extreme right of the position occupied by our troops and posted upon some hills which commanded an open country. Here it remained in line until about 9 a. m., when an order from General Lee directed the division to the left, where the enemy was pressing back our forces. From the first position the

