
none in courage and capacity. Lieutenant-Colonel Bryson, of the Twenty-fifth, was cool and gallant. I cannot further particularize.

To the members of my staff I owe much for their prompt and untiring assistance-Captain [Thomas] Rowland, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant [W. E.] Brodnax, aide-de-camp; Mr. Mason, volunteer aide, and Lieutenant Ashe and Thorne, the last my ordnance officer, who were ever in the right place. My orderlies (Privates Pierson and DeVane, of the Twenty-fourth) acted with unwonted intelligence and gallantry throughout the day in bearing messages under the forrest fire. The latter had his horse shot.

Though not a part of my brigade, I cannot properly close my report without mentioning the Forty-sixth North Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Hall commanding. About midday he reported to me, with his regiment, and was at once ordered into position on my right, which was unflinchingly maintained throughout. The conduct of the regiment was all it should have been, and the bearing of Colonel Hall and Lieutenant-Colonel [W. A.] Jenkins reflects the highest credit upon themselves and the service.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

R. RANSOM, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. A. SMITH

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS RANSOM'S BRIGADE,Camp near Martinsburg, September 25, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to recommend that Lloyd's battery (North Carolina) be disbanded, and for the following reasons: Upon leaving Petersburg the battery was assigned to duty with my brigade. It consisted of two smooth-bore 6-pounders and two 12-pounder howitzers. Although it started with the wagon-train from Richmond, it did not overtake the command for a week after the train had arrived, and was then in so unserviceable a condition as to be left at Leesburg. It, however, did get across the Potomac into Maryland, but did not fire a gun and was not exposed to fire, but succeeded in losing one gun and was not exposed to fire, but succeeded in losing one gun and two caissons.

Branch's battery is now attached to my brigade, and needs some 40 horses. I earnestly recommend that the men and horses of Lieutenant Lloyd's battery be transferred to Branch's and French's batteries. The service will be benefitted, and a considerable expense saved.

I have taken the responsibility of ordering the battery to the rear, where it can get forage. Here it would be an incumbrance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. RANSOM, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS WALKERS'S DIVISION,September 25, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded, with the recommendation that Lloyd's battery be disbanded and the horses be distributed amongst the other batteries of the division, which stand in need of them.

J. G. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

