
Colonel [J. M.] Stone, Lieutenant-Colonel [D. W.] Humphreys, and Major [J. A.] Blair, Second Mississippi; Lieutenant-Colonel [S. F.] Butler. Eleventh Mississippi; Captain [L. H.] Scruggs, Fourth Alabama, and Major [R. F.] Webb, Sixth North Carolina, also received severe wounds.

Conspicuous were Colonels Law and Wofford, commanding brigades. Lieutenant-Colonel Gary, commanding Hampton's Legion; Lieutenant Colonel P. A. Work, commanding First Texas; Lieut Colonel B. F. Carter, commanding Fourth Texas; Captain Turner, commanding Fifth Texas, although not wounded, deserve great credit for their skilful management and coolness during the battle.

It is but justice to Colonel J. C. G. Key, Fourth Texas, to state that he was present at the battles of Boonsborough Gap and Sharpsburg, although unable to take command of his regiment, in consequence of a severe wound received at the battle of Gaines' Farm, June 27.

During this engagement and that of the battle of Manassas, Reilly's, Bachman's, and Garden's batteries were admirably handled by the battery commanders; Major B. W. Frobel commanding, acting with great coolness and judgment upon the field.

Too much cannot be said of the members of my staff, the chief, Major W. H. Sellers, having his horse shot while ably directing the Texas brigade at the battle of Manassas during the time of my being sent for by the general commanding to receive additional orders. he has proven himself competent to command a brigade under all circumstances. This distinguished officer, together with my two aides (Major B. H. Blanton and Lieutenant James Hamilton), had their horses shot during the battle of Sharpsburg while most gallantly pushing forward the troops and transmitting orders. Major Balnton, Lieutenant Hamilton, Lieutenant Joseph Philips, C. S. Army, of General Magruder's staff, and Captain C. S. Mills, assistant quartermaster First Texas Regiment, rendered most invaluable service during the battle of Manassas in bringing forward and placing in position additional brigades upon the long to be remembered heights around the Chinn House.

Lieutenant D. L. Sublett, acting division ordnance officer, was prompt in bringing forward ammunition, and otherwise efficiently performed the duties pertaining to his department.

All praise is due Dr. [John T.] Darby, chief surgeon of this division, for his untiring efforts and skilful manner in caring for the numerous wounded.

Dr. [E. J.] Roach, senior surgeon Texas Brigade, and Dr. [H. H.] Hubbard, senior surgeon Law's brigade, Dr. Breckinridge, and all other surgeons and assistant surgeons of this command, have my heartfelt thanks for their able services.

I would be wrong in not acknowledging the valuable services rendered during the several engagements, in transmitting orders, of the following couriers of this command: M. M. Templeman, T. W. C. Lake, J. P. Mahoney, James Malone, W. E. Duncan, J. A. Mann, W. J. Barbee, W. G. Jesse, J. I. Haggerty, and J. H. Drake.

For additional particulars, reference is made to the reports of brigade and regimental commanders, herewith respectfully submitted.

Below will be found a report of casualties.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. HOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

