
also Assistant Surgeon Buist, for his attention to the sick. Actg. Adjt. W. L. Scott rendered me great assistance, and is entitled to my warmed thanks. Inclosed you will find a list* of the killed and wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. W. FROBEL,

Major and Chief of Artillery, Commanding.

Captain W. H. SELLERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 250. Report of Colonel W. T. Wofford, Eighteenth Georgia Infantry, commanding Hood's brigade (Texas Brigade), of the battle of Sharpsburg.
HEADQUARTERS TEXAS BRIGADE,September 29, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part performed by this command in the engagements on the evening of the 16th and throughout the day of the 17th instant at Sharpsburg, Md., without referring to the various positions which we occupied after halting on the field:

On the morning of the 15th instant, our division being in the rear of the army from Boonsborough Mountain, this brigade was moved from in front of Sharpsburg on the evening of the 15th to the right and in front of Mumma Church, this being the left of our line and where the main and most of the fighting took place on the 17th instant. While we were moving to this position, the enemy opened a heavy fire upon us from their long-range guns, which was continued after we were in position, and resulted in the wounding of 1 lieutenant and 1 soldier in the Fourth Texas Regiment. We remained in this position the balance of the day and night of the 15th and until late in the evening of the 16th, when we were ordered by General Hood to move by the left flank through the open field in front of the church and to its left about 700 yards, to meet the enemy, who it was then ascertained, had commenced to cross Antietam Creek to our left. We then formed line of battle and moved up to acorn-field in our front, and awaited the advance of the enemy, who had, by this time, opened upon us a brisk fire of shot and shell from some pieces of artillery which they had placed in position immediately in our front and to the left of our lines, wounding 1 officers and some dozen men.

I feel it duet truth to state that the enemy were informed of our position by the firing of a half dozen shots from a little battery of ours on the left of the brigade, which hastily beat a retreat as soon as their guns opened upon us.

While our line of battle rested upon the corn-field, Captain Turner, commanding the Fifth Texas, which was our right, had been moved forward into some woods, where he met a part of our skirmishers driven in by the enemy, whom he engaged and finally drove back, with the loss of 1 man. Our skirmishers, consisting of 100 men, under the command of Captain [W. H.] Martin, of the Fourth Texas, who had been moved into the woods in front and to the left of the Fifth Texas, were hotly engaged with the enemy, but held their ground until they had expended all their cartridges, and then fell into our line of battle, about 9 o'clock at night, about which time we were relieved by General Lawton's brigade, and were withdrawn from the field to the woods in rear of Mumma

---------------

* Embodied in tabular statement, p. 811.

---------------

