
if possible, the locality of the enemy attacking from that quarter, in order to be prepared to govern the movements of my regiment, so as to protect it as far as possible from danger and damage. While I was at the left thus engaged, the regiment commenced the movement to the rear, and not being near the center I was unable, owing to the density of the corn, to see where the colors were and when they fell.

Captain John R. Woodward, of Company G, acted in the capacity of major during the engagement, and aided me greatly in directing the movements of the regiment. Major [Matt.] Dale, acting as lieutenant-colonel, had moved from the right, and was conferring with me as to the propriety of advancing or at once withdrawing, when he was killed. Feeling that it was madness to advance with the few men left me, I remained for several minutes after the fall of Major Dale, awaiting orders and information as to what my movements should be, being unwilling to withdraw as long as I had the ability to hold my then position without [orders] to do so.

Submitted herewith and as a part hereof is a list* giving the names of killed, wounded, and missing, together with the character of wound of those wounded.

I am well convinced that had the Eighteenth Georgia and Hampton's Legion not met with the most obstinate and stubborn resistance from a superior force to their left, they would have supported me promptly and effectively upon my left, and that portion of the enemy's force in our front would have been routed, the tide of battle there turned, and the day been ours. The conduct of this regiment in the engagements of the 17th, and of the night of August 29 and 30, and that of the other regiments of the brigade in these engagements, demonstrates fully the necessity of having supports promptly and quickly upon the field. If required to carry strong positions in a few more engagements, and, after carrying them, hold them unaided and alone, this regiment must soon become annihilated and extinct without having accomplished any material or permanent good. I will also state that where I last halted, and where my dead and wounded fell, I halted in consequence of an order or direction to that effect from some one in the rear, said by Captain Woodward to have been Captain W. H. Sellers.

Respectfully submitted.

P. A. WORK,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding First Texas Regiment.

Colonel W. T. WOFFORD,

Commanding Texas Brigade.

Numbers 254. Report of Lieutenant Colonel B. F. Carter, Fourth Texas Infantry, of the battle of Sharpsburg.

SEPTEMBER 22, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the battle of the 17th instant near Sharpsburg, Md. Owing to the severe illness of Colonel Key, I was in command of the regiment during the day and succeeding night.

Soon after daylight the brigade formed line of battle in regular order,

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

