
at my request to my assistance and rendered material aid in driving the enemy back across the river), with Colonel Stevens' command as skirmishers on the right, while I attacked the enemy with Colquitt's and iverson's command on the left. This little command gallantly drove the enemy from his cover in the corn-field an caused him to retreat in confusion, leaving a number of their dead and two stand of colors, the latter having been shot down by a well-directed fire of Captain Boyce's battery. I also requested Colonel Walton, of the artillery, to open fire on the enemy's battery that had crossed the bridge, which, being promptly done, had the desired effect of driving it back. My brigade them resumed its original position and bivouacked for the night, sleeping on their arms.

For individual instances of gallantry and distinction, I beg leave to refer to the reports of the immediate commanders. To my general and personal staff I am much indebted for their bravery and fidelity in carrying my orders. Captain T. D. Eason, ordnance officer; Captain A. L. Evans, assistant adjutant-general, [and] First Lieutenant samuel J. Corrie, aide-de-camp, were often under heavy fire and executed their several duties with intrepidity. My faithful courier, Mr. Farquhar Trezevant, was shot down near me by a shell, inflicting a wound from which he has since died. His loss was severe to me, both personally and in his official capacity. I am also pained to announce the fall of Captain Samuel [Lieutenant R. P.] Jordan, assistant adjutant-general of Colonel Colquitt's brigade, who was shot down while gallantly transmitting my orders.

Inclosed herewith, please find the reports regimental and battery commanders.

The total loss of Evans brigade in the above-mentioned engagements is 1,024 aggregate, from an aggregate of 1,830 on July 30. It is proper to state that the aggregate for duty was afterward increased to 2,200 by the addition of the Twenty-third Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

In conclusion, I would call the attention of the major-general commanding to the gallant conduct of the officers of this brigade. In each engagement some field officer was either wounded or killed.

I had neglected to mention above the loss of the gallant Lieutenant Colonel T. C. Watkins, of the Twenty-third [Twenty-second] Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel R. S. Means, of the Seventeenth Regiment, both of whom were shot down while cheering on their regiments. Lieutenant-Colonel Watkins was killed instantly, and Lieutenant-Colonel Means severely wounded in both legs an was left in the hands of the enemy.

Respectfully submitted.

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Right Wing.

P. S.- The report of the Eighteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers will be forwarded to-morrow.
HEADQUARTERS EVANS' BRIGADE,November 5, 1862.

MAJOR: I beg leave to make the following corrections in my report of the actions of Evans' brigade in the recent engagements with the enemy in Virginia and Maryland. In the account of the battle of Sharps-

