
burg I state that "the enemy attacked our right." For "right" read "left". Also, that "Colonel Anderson's brigade was order to support General Hood, then supporting Major General D. H. Hill on the right." This should be our left. Again, "to rally the troops then flocking to the town from our right," again read for our "right" our "left."

I would respectfully request that this paper be forwarded as a supplement to my report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Right Wing, Army of Northern Va.

Numbers 258. Report of Colonel P. F. Stevens, Holcombe (South Carolina) Legion, commanding Evans' brigade, of the battles of Boonsborough and Sharpsburg.
HDQRS. HOLCOMBE LEGION, SOUTH CAROLINA VOLS.,Near Winchester, Va., October 13, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to an order from General Evans, I have the honor to submit the following report of the actions participated in by the troops under my command, first as colonel of my own regiment, and, secondly, as commanding officer of Evan's brigade:*

* * * * * * *

BATTLE OF FROG PASS (BOONSBOROUGH).

On Sunday, September 14, after marching from Hagerstown to the mountain pass (called, I believe, Frog Pass), I was told by General Longstreet to report with my brigade to General D. H. Hill, who would assign me my position. Turning to the left an east at the pass, I was led up the mountain by Major Fairfax to General Hill. This latter officer directed me to hill some mile distant and still to the left, where I was to report to and support General Rodes. Having accomplished about half the distance, I receive an order from General Evans for instructions and forward to General Rodes to tell him why I had halted, I found that the enemy were in the valley below on my right and were already threatening my position. Throwing out the legion as skirmishers to check the advance, I disposed the brigade according to my best judgment along the brow of the mountain side, my left very nearly joining Rodes' right. Before I could receive further instructions from General Evans, I was attacked. My skirmishers were soon drive back and the line opened fire. Being near the Seventeenth South Carolina, and seeing it doing well, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel [F. W.] McMaster, I gave him general instructions and moved to the left. Here I found the Twenty-third and Twenty-second driven back, but rallied under Captains Durham and [M.] Hilton, respectively. Very soon the Eighteenth retired also, and from that time the fight was a retreating one until the enemy occupied the mountain and we were driven from it. General Rodes was at the same time forced back on my left. Captains Durham and Hilton and Adjutant DuBose were conspicuous in

---------------

* Portion here omitted is printed in Series I, Vol. XII, Part II, pp. 629-632.

---------------

