
About 5 p. m. a heavy fire of musketry began on my right and rear.

I immediately order out my two pieces, crossed over to the slope of the hill lying in the direction of the town, and put my pieces in battery, commanding the crest of the two hills, to meet the enemy if he should compel our forces to retire. Colonel Stevens advanced, at this juncture, with a few skirmishers to the crest of the hill, and, finding the ground not occupied by the enemy immediately beyond, signaled me to advance. I went forward and placed my guns on the hill within canister range of the enemy. A few shots soon drove him beyond the reach of canister. I afterward used solid shot, cutting down his flag and driving him back. Having occupied this important position but a few minutes, an order came, from some source, for me to recross the road near the place occupied by me when I receive my first order in the morning to go into the battle. I crossed over the road, as ordered, but could find no one there to give me any information as to who gave the order or what was required. This was late in the afternoon, and the battle soon after ended.

I take great pleasure in remarking that my command, as a whole behaved with great coolness and gallantry.

My loss during the day was 2 killed (Sergt. Thomas E. Dawkins and Private james Rogers, who fell while at their posts faithfully performing their duty), Privates Burr Miller and E. Shirley, mortally wounded, and 15 others wounded, some severely and some slightly. Lieutenant H. F. Scaife was among the number wounded, an was compelled, through reluctantly, to leave the field, from the effect of his injuries. Sergt. B. T. Glenn continued to work his piece long after receiving a very severe and painful wound, and left, at last, with much mortification.

I lost 15 horses killed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. BOYCE,

Captain Light Battery, South Carolina Volunteers.

Brigadier General N. G. EVANS.

CAMP NEAR WINCHESTER, VA.,

October 20, 1862.

GENERAL: In all the battles in which my battery has been engaged, the officers under my command, viz, Lieuts. B. A. Jeter, S. W. Porter, H. F. Scaife, and William Munro, have done their duty promptly, bravely, and skillfully. The latter-named gentleman was fangerously wounded at Rappahannock Station, and has not been in any of battles since that time. The non-commissioned officers-Sergts. B. T. Glenn, William D. Humphries, James Bunch, and J. K. Young; Corporals Rutland, Byrd, Watts, and Schartle-and Privates C. T. Scaife, Charles Garner, Charles [A.] Hodges, Preston Shirley, John W. Simpson, E. [D.] Gondelock, Alexander Sim, L. H. Sims, Willis Willard, R. F. Peek, John Gossett, and R. M. Franklin have distinguished themselves for gallantry in the various engagements in which they have participated.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. BOYCE,

Captain Light Battery.

Brigadier General N. G. EVANS.

