
between the Confederate forces and the enemy on South Mountain, near Boonsborough, in Maryland, the Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers was placed in position on the left of the turnpike road crossing the mountain from Boonsborough, and near and just beyond the summit of the mountain. Skirmishers were in front of us engaging the enemy, and were slowly retiring toward our line. General Rodes' brigade, some distance to our left, being hard pressed by the enemy, we were, at this juncture, ordered to its support. When the Eighteenth South Carolina volunteers arrived near the right of this brigade, to was discovered to be retiring. Under orders from Colonel Stevens, commanding the brigade, the Eighteenth was then ordered to change front forward on first company and advance, with the view of taking a column of the enemy in flank which was advancing upon the point first occupied by the Eighteenth, and which it had left to go to Rodes' support. A sharp engagement ensued, when, a heavy column of the enemy appearing upon our left flank, and the enemy, continuing to press upon Rodes' brigade, were giving ground toward our rear, the Eighteenth was ordered to face back toward the top of the mountain and form on the right of the Twenty-second South Carolina Volunteers. The enemy advancing, we engaged them in this position until, the troops upon the left giving away, the enemy gained a point form which they enfiladed us again. Where-upon the regiment fell back to the turnpike, where it remained until the march to Sharpsburg began.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

W. H. WALLACE,

Colonel Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers.

Captain [A. L.] EVANS.

CAMP NEAR WINCHESTER, VA.,

October 17, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters to regimental commanders to report the operations of their regiments in the battle for Sharpsburg, I respectfully report:

On the morning of September 17, at daylight, the Eighteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, under my command, was placed by Colonel Stevens, acting brigadier-general, in a position immediately in front of Sharpsburg and to the left of the turnpike leading from Sharpsburg to Antietam Creek, and constituting the extreme left of Major-General Longstreet's corps. Here the regiment remained in supporting distance of a succession of batteries that occupied two hills in its front, and subjected to a heavy fire of shells and shot from the batteries of the enemy until afternoon. Although the men were, to a great extent, sheltered from the fire of the enemy by the brow of the hill below which they were lying, yet several were wounded in this position.

As well as I could judge, about 2 o'clock in the afternoon, Colonel Stevens (acting brigadier-general), being under the impression that a charge was being attempted by the enemy upon a battery in position on the second hill, immediately in our front, ordered the regiment forward to repel the charge. The regiment moved rapidly by the left flank around the hill upon which they had been lying, and, while ascending the hill upon which the battery was placed that was being charged, formed in line of battle and advanced to the battery, when it was discovered that the battery had succeeded in defending itself and had driven off the enemy. The regiment then took position close to and immediately upon the left flank of the battery in the edge of a corn-field

