
fusion. I then assumed the command, rallying the regiment three times, but the pressure from the enemy was such that it was impossible to hold our positions, and finally fell back to the main road leading to Boonsborough, and there formed under the cover of a fence, where we remained until ordered to fall back on Sharpsburg, it now being night.*

BATTLE OF SHARPSBURG.

After falling back from Boonsborough, on Monday (15th) reached Sharpsburg. During this day the principal services performed by the

regiment was to support Captain Boyce's battery of light artillery, and other batteries.

The only casualty was Lieutenant R. B. Hughes, Company A, wounded on the right hip by a fragment of a shell.

On Tuesday, the 16th, the regiment held the same position as on the 15th, its services being the same during the day. At night the regiment went on picket service in front of our batteries. During the day L. P. Gordon, private, Company E, was wounded by a fragment of a shell on the right thigh. The regiment acted as skirmishers up to Wednesday evening, the 18th; during most of the time was between the fires of our own and the enemy's batteries, and exposed to the heavy and continuous shelling of the enemy. At one time the enemy advanced their batteries, and our pickets fell back, but our own batteries played on the enemy with which effect that they were forced to retire. Our regiment then resumed its old position until about 4 p. m., when the enemy again advanced with large brigades. I ordered the pickets to fire and fall back on the Eighteenth and Twenty-third South Carolina Regiments, which was done, and the engagement became general. After night set in and our ammunition had given out, we fell back beyond Sharpsburg, for rest and refreshment.

Next day, Thursday, the 18th, marched back to the battle-field and occupied the position we held the day before, and remained, skirmishing with the enemy, until night. About 10 p. m. was ordered to draw in my pickets, which was done, and about 11 p. m. rejoined the brigade near the Potomac River.

Very respectfully,

M. HILTON,

Major, Comdg, Twenty-second Regiment South Carolina Vols.

Captain A. L. EVANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Evan's Brigade.

Numbers 263 Report for Captain S. A. Durham, Twenty-third South Carolina Infantry, of the battles of Boonsborough and Sharpsburg.

OCTOBER 16, 1862.

GENERAL: By order of Colonel P. F. Stevens, commanding brigade at Boonsborough, M., on September 14, the Twenty-third Regiment, of which I was in command, took position on the left of the brigade. We were carried into action left in front, which threw our right upon the

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties reports 1 officer (Lieutenant E. J. Calvert) and 9 men killed, 6 officers and 51 men wounded, and 4 men missing.

---------------

