
Numbers 264. Reports of Lieutenant General Thomas J. Jackson, C. S. Army, commanding Army Corps, of operations September 5-27.

NEAR HALLTOWN,

September 14, 1862-8.15 p.m.

COLONEL: Through God's blessing, the advance, which commenced this evening, has been successful thus far, and I look to Him for complete success to-morrow. The advance has been directed to be resumed at dawn to-morrow morning. I am thankful that our loss has been small. Your dispatch respecting the movements of the enemy and the importance of concentration has been received. Can you not connect the headquarters of the army, by signal, with General McLaws?

Respectfully,

T. J. JACKSON

Major-General.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON.

NEAR 8 A. M. September 15, 1862

GENERAL: Through God's blessing, Harper's Ferry and its garrison are to be surrendered. As Hill's troops have borne the heaviest part in the engagement, he will be left in command until the prisoners and public property shall be disposed of, unless you direct otherwise. The other forces can move off this evening so soon as they get their rations. To what point shall they move? I write at this time in order that you may be apprised of the condition of things. You may expect to hear from me again to-day after I get more information respecting the number of prisoners, &amp;c.

Respectfully,

T. J. JACKSON

Major-General.

General R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,September 16, 1862.

COLONEL: Yesterday God crowned our army with another brilliant success in the surrender at Harper's Ferry of Brigadier-General White and 11,000 troops, an equal number of small arms, 73 pieces of artillery, and about 200 wagons. In addition to other stores, there is a large amount of camp and garrison equipage. Our loss was very small. The meritorious conduct of officers and men will be mentioned in a more extended report.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- The stores will be taken possession of by my chief staff officer, with instructions to turn them over to yours. Please direct your chief quartermaster and chief of ordnance to come and receive them, or else

