
give instructions what disposition to make of them. I understand there are only about two days' rations. If this be the case I will give them to the prisoners.

Respectfully,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

P. S.- It is said that two regiments escaped up the Potomac on the Maryland side, last night, from the Ferry. Cannot your cavalry intercept them?
HEADQUARTERS OF LIEUTENANT-GENERAL EWELL,July -, 1863.

MAJOR: I herewith forward to you the last of General Jackson's official reports. I found the two missing pages, and had the whole recopied.*

You will now oblige me by having my resignation approved by General Lee and forwarded to the Secretary of War.

I am, truly yours,

CHAS. J. FAULKNER.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 23, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to submit a report of the operations of my command from September 5 to 27, 1862, embracing the capture of Harper's Ferry, the engagement at Shepherdstown, and so much of the battle of Sharpsburg as was fought by the troops under my command:

My command comprised A. P. Hill's division, consisting of the brigades of Branch, Gregg, Field (Colonel Brockenbrough commanding), Pender, Archer, and Colonel Thomas, with the batteries of the division under Lieutenant Colonel R. L. Walker; Ewell's division, under Brigadier-General Lawton, consisting of the brigades of Early, Hays (Colonel Strong), Trimble (Colonel Walker), and Lawton (Colonel Douglass), with the artillery under Major [A. R.] Courtney, and Jackson's division, under Brigadier-General Starke, consisting of the brigades of Winder (Colonel Grigsby), Jones (Colonel B. T. Johnson), Taliaferro (Colonel Warren), and Starke (Colonel Stafford), with the artillery under Major Shumaker, chief of artillery.

On September 5 my command crossed the Potomac at White's Ford, and bivouacked that night near the Three Springs, in the State of Maryland. Not having any cavalry with me except the Black Horse, under Captain Randoplh, I directed him, after crossing the Potomac, to take part of his company and scout to the right, in order to avoid a surprise-of the column from that direction. For the thorough and efficient manner in which this duty was discharged, and for the valuable service rendered generally while attached to my headquarters, I desire to make special mention of this company and its officers, Captain Randolph and Lieutenants Payne, Tyle, and Smith, who frequently transmitted orders in the absence of staff officers.

The next day we arrived in the vicinity of Frederick City. Jackson's division encamped near its suburbs, except the brigade of General

---------------

*See Morrison's letter, transmitting Jackson's report of operation August 15 to September 3, Series I, Vol. XII, Part II, p. 641.

---------------

