
The official lists of casualties of my command during the period embraced in this report will show that we sustained a loss of 38 officers killed, 171 wounded; of 313 non-commissioned officers and privates killed, 1,859 wounded, and 57 missing, making a total loss of 2,438 killed, wounded, and missing.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-General.

General R. E. LEE.

Numbers 265. Report of Captain J. L. Bartlett, Signal Officer, C. S. Army, of operations about Harper's Ferry, W. Va.

SUNDAY, September 14, 1862.

My signal-flag was up at daylight, and my glass bearing on Loudoun Heights after sunrise. Major Paxton sent the following: "Artillery coming up the road to be repaired." Before delivering this message I asked "What artillery and what road?" Major Paxton answered "Walker's, and up mountains." About 10 a.m. comes another dispatch from Loudoun Heights: "Walker has his six rifle pieces in position. Shall he wait for McLaws?" General Jackson answers "Wait."

General Jackson and Colonel Smead then come to signal station, and the general dictates the following:

SUNDAY, September 14, 1862

Generals MCLAWS and WALKER:

If you can, establish batteries to drive the enemy from the hill west of Bolivar and on which Barbour's house is, and any other position where he may be damaged by your artillery, and let me know when you are ready to open your batteries, and give me any suggestions by which you can operate against the enemy. Cut the telegraph line down the Potomac if it is not already done. Keep a good lookout against a Federal advance from below. Similar instructions will be sent to General Walker. I do not desire any of the batteries to open until all are ready on both sides of the river, except you should find it necessary, of which you must judge for yourself. I will let you know when to open all the batteries.

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.- If you have not rations, take steps at once to supply yourself; have beef driven to your command, so that you may have enough.

T. J. J.

General Jackson and staff then go to the left. I received soon after the following:

General McLaws informs me that the enemy are in his rear, and that he can do but little more than he has done. I am now ready to open.

General WALKER.

There being no courier at the post, I carry this message to the general, and find him in front on the left. He gives me an answer, and sends Lieutenant Douglass back to signal station with me:

General WALKER:

Do not open until General McLaws notifies me what he can probably effect. Let me know what you can effect with your command upon the enemy.

General JACKSON.

Also--

General McLAWS:

Let me know what you can probably effect with your artillery, and also with your entire command. Notify General D. H. Hill, at Middleburg, of the enemy's position, and request him to protect your rear. Send the same message to General Lee, near Hagerstown.

General JACKSON.

