
The messages next in order came from Loudoun Heights:

General JACKSON:

Walker cannot get position to bear on island.

(No signature; probably from Major Paxton.)

General JACKSON:

I am informed that the enemy are advancing by Purcellville, and have possession of the passes from the valley.

General WALKER.

Generals WALKER and McLAWS:

Fire at such positions of the enemy as will be most effective.

General JACKSON.

Our artillery opens from this side in front of Bolivar; Walker opens from Loudoun Heights, and Yankees are seen coming down on west side of Bolivar to escape Walker's fire, but meet an equal one from our artillery on the left of our line.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,Numbers -,September 14, 1862.

I. To-day Major-General McLaws will attack so as to sweep with his artillery the ground occupied by the enemy, take his batteries in reverse, and otherwise operate against him, as circumstances may justify.

II. Brigadier-General Walker will take in reverse the battery on the turnpike, and also sweep with his artillery the ground occupied by the enemy, and silence the battery on the island in the Shenandoah should he find a battery there.

III. Major General A. P. Hill will move along the left bank of the Shenandoah, and thus turn the enemy's left flank and enter Harper's Ferry.

IV. Brigadier-General Lawton will move along the turnpike for the purpose of supporting General Hill and otherwise operating against the enemy on the left of General Hill.

V. Brigadier-General Jones will, with one of his brigades and a battery of artillery, make a demonstration against the enemy's right; the remaining part of his division will constitute the reserve and move along the turnpike.

By order of Major-General Jackson:

WM. L. JACKSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

If any other dispatches or orders were sent at Harper's Ferry it was done at other posts than mine. Messages were doubtless sent from Loudoun Heights to Maryland Heights between Generals McLaws and Walker. Captain Adams, who was the only commissioned signal officer there, has doubtless full reports of those and all the messages and orders, it being his duty to keep them. I suggest that he be applied to for them.

JOS. L. BARTLETT.

P. S.- After the surrender of Harper's Ferry I was ordered by Major Paxton to remove my station to Barbour's house. I did so after notifying Captain Adams' post, on Loudoun Heights, of the move, telling them to look out for my flag at that point. After locating my station at that place, however, and waving my flag for several hours, I could not get attention from Loudoun Heights to send a message, sent to me by Major Paxton, for General Walker to prepare rations and be ready to march. I afterward learned that the post had been evacuated at that time. Thus ended the signal service at Harper's Ferry.

J. L. B.

