
therefore returned to Harper's Ferry. After much difficulty I found the quartermaster in charge of the captured guns, and found he had been busy removing them, and in so doing had mismatched the caissons, limbers, and guns to such an extent that after vainly spending half the day at it, I gave up the task of getting together any batteries from among them. The batteries of Captains Brown, Dement, and Latimer had been left at Harper's Ferry, as disabled, on account of the condition of their horses. I therefore had horses turned over to them, filled them up with ammunition, exchanged two of Captain Latimer's 10-pounder Parrotts, whose vent-pieces had burned out in the action of the day before, for two 3-inch rifles of the captured guns, and started them for the battle-field, going on ahead myself. I got there too late in the evening to be able to give any report of the battle. In it, however, we lost no guns. Captain [Charles] Thompson's (then Captain D'Aquin's) battery [Louisiana Guard Artillery] captured one 10-pounder Parrott, which they brought off. In recrossing the Potomac a forge belonging to Captain Crenshaw's battery and a caisson belonging to Captain Brockenbrough's were lost on this side of the river from the sheer exhaustion of the horses, both rolling down a cliff on the side of the road.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CRUTCHFIELD,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery Second Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel C. J. FAULKNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,September 22, 1862

GENERAL: I received your order for a report of the batteries of this army corps this morning, and have the honor to submit the following statement of their condition:

1st. In Major General A. P. Hill's division the condition of the artillery is so satisfactory set forth in Lieutenant Chamberlayne's report that I submit it as it is.*

2d. In the division commanded by Brigadier General J. A. Early, three of his batteries are in excellent order, having been refitted by myself at Harper's Ferry, according to your order to me in Shepherdstown. Another, that of Captain Balthis, will be put in first-rate condition by the securing of the two Napoleon guns I sent them to you for. Two others, those of Captains D'Aquin and Johnson, are disabled from hard service. I have sent them to Martinsburg to recruit their horses and men, by rest, to have their horses shod, &amp;c. If they can get a week or ten days' rest then 30 horses will put them in good order.

3d. In Major General D. H. Hill's division all the artillery is reported unfit for duty. This division has not been associated with us long enough for me to form such an acquaintance with his officers as to enable me to put an entirely reliable estimate upon the judgment of said officers. From the examination I gave to these batteries, I deemed it best to send them back to Martinsburg to refresh men and horses and to shoe the latter. A particular report I sent you by Major Pierson, his chief of artillery.

4th. In Major-General Jackson's own division I submit the report of Major Shumaker, chief of artillery. I have reduced his call for horses to 128 from 204, as I know how scarce they are, and you will find it impossible to supply fully all the demands made on you for them.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

