
On the next day, it passed through Leesburg and encamped near a large spring. On the next day (the 5th), it took up the line of march to White's Ford, on the Potomac, at which place it crossed into Maryland, encamping some 3 or 4 miles from the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and on the morning of the 6th it marched to the railroad bridge over the Monocacy, at the junction of the railroad to Frederick City with the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and took up a position so as to command the approaches on and adjacent to the railroad from the direction of Washington City. In this position it remained until the morning of September 10.

MARCH FROM FREDERICK CITY TO HARPER'S FERRY AND CAPTURE OF THAT PLACE.

On the morning of the 10th, the division, with the rest of the troops, moved from the vicinity of Frederick City westward, passing through Middletown, and bivouacked about 10 miles from Frederick.

On the next day, we moved through Boonsborough and took the direction of Williamsport, at which point we recrossed the Potomac and proceeded to the North Mountain Depot, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, near which we bivouacked.

On the next day, we proceeded to Martinsburg, and passed through the town in the direction of Harper's Ferry, and bivouacked on the banks of the Opequon.

On the following morning (the 13th), we marched toward Harper's Ferry, and proceeded to the turnpike road, 1 mile above Halltown, where we encamped.

Late in the afternoon of the 14th (Sunday), we were ordered to advance toward Harper's Ferry in three columns, one along the road and another on each side of it. After passing Halltown, the division advanced to the woods on School-House Hill, in line, in the following order: Lawton's and Trimble's brigades were formed in line of battle on the right of the turnpike; Hays' brigade on the left of it, and my own brigade in rear of Lawton's; and in this manner the whole advanced to the woods without opposition, thus getting possession of this hill, which fronted Bolivar Heights, and was in easy range for artillery. My brigade was then moved across the road by flank and placed immediately in rear of Hays' brigade, which General Lawton put under my command. The several brigades lay on their arms in this woods during the night, it having become dark by the time they reached it. During the night Brown's and Dement's batteries, which had been attached to my brigade at Frederick in lieu of Johnson's, which was transferred to Trimble's, were carried across the Shenandoah, under direction of Colonel Crutchfield, to some heights on the east side of the river, which commanded Harper's Ferry and Bolivar Heights, and placed in position. The reset of the batteries belonging to the division were placed in position on the crest of School-House Hill, on each side of the road. At dawn the brigades were advanced to the front of the woods, and the batteries, including Brown's and Dement's, opened fire, which was kept up until the enemy surrendered. Our artillery fire was but feebly responded to. Lawton's brigade, under the command of Colonel Douglass, was moved by flank, under cover, to the bottom on the right of the turnpike, between School-House Hill and Bolivar Heights, for the purpose of supporting General A. P. Hill's contemplated advance from the right, but the white flag was displayed in a short time, and no further movement was made by this brigade or the rest of the division.

