
General Lawton, to find out where these brigades were, and to order them up. While looking for these brigades I observed that our troops, who were engaged on this part of the line, were giving way before the enemy, and, as soon as I had dispatched Major Wilson, I rode to find General Jackson, and having done so, informed him of the condition of the division, and also that our troops were giving way, and that the enemy was advancing on the flank on which I had formed my brigade. He said that he would send for re-enforcements, and directed me to keep the enemy in check until they arrived. I then returned to my brigade and resumed command of it. I soon found that the enemy was moving up in considerable force toward the woods in which I was, and I sent Major Hale, my acting assistant adjutant-general, to let General Jackson know that the danger was imminent, and he soon returned with the assurance that the re-enforcements should be sent immediately. Just as Major Hale returned, a battery opened at the corner of the woods on the Hagerstown road, where the field spoken of joins the woods This was not more than 200 yards from my right flank, and was somewhat in rear of it. When this battery opened, I took it for granted that it was one of ours, but Major Hale's attention was called to it by a soldier who happened to be standing up on the edge of the plateau, and discovered that it was one of the enemy's batteries. I was immediately informed of the fact by Major Hale, but I doubted it until I rode to the edge of the woods and saw beyond all dispute that it was the enemy's battery and was firing in the direction of the road toward Sharpsburg, and that it was supported by a very heavy column of infantry, which was also within 200 yards of my right flank. This made me aware of the fact that our troops which I had seen way had fallen back, leaving the enemy entire possession of the field in front. It must be borne in mind that the direction of my line was perpendicular to the Hagerstown road, so that, had the enemy seen it, his battery could have raked my flank and rear. Fortunately, my troops were concealed from his view. My condition, however, was exceedingly critical, as another column was advancing in my front and had reached the woods in which I was. I saw the vast importance of maintaining my ground, for, had the enemy gotten possession of this woods, the heights immediately in rear, which commanded the rear of our whole line, would have fallen into his hands. I determined to wait for the re-enforcements promised by General Jackson, hoping that they would arrive in time to meet the columns on my right. I, however, threw my right flank back quietly under cover of the woods, so as not to have my rear exposed in the event of being discovered. I kept an anxious eye on the column on my right, as well as on the one moving up in my front, and very soon I saw the column on my right move into the woods in the direction of the church. I looked to the rear for the re-enforcements, and could not see them coming. I was thus cut off from the main body of our army on the right, and a column was moving against me from the left. There was no time to be lost, and I immediately ordered my brigade to move by the right flank parallel, to the enemy, and directed Colonel Grigsby, who commanded the body of troops he and Colonel Stafford had rallied, to move his command back in line, so as to present front to the enemy, who were coming up on the flank. I moved back along the rear of the woods until I caught up with the enemy, who had the start of me. I was, however, concealed from his view, and it was evident that my presence where I was was not suspected. Passing from behind a ridge that concealed my brigade from the enemy, we came in full view of his flankers, who, however, were made aware of my presence by a fire which I directed the leading regi-

