
ment to pour into them. They immediately ran into the main body, which halted, and I continued to move by the flank until my whole force was disclosed.

Just at this time, I observed the promised re-enforcements coming up toward the woods at the farther end. I ordered the brigade to face to the front and open fire, which was done in handsome style and responded to by the enemy. I did not intend to advance to the front, as I observed some of the troops which had come up to re-enforce me preparing to advance into the woods from the direction of my right flank, and was afraid of exposing my brigade to their fire, and that the two movements would throw us into confusion, as they would have been at right angles. Moreover, the other column was advancing on my flank, held in check, however, by Colonels Grigsby and Stafford, with their men, and by the Thirty-first Virginia Regiment, which was on my left. The enemy in front, however, commenced giving way, and the brigade, which I have always found difficult to restrain, commenced pursuing, driving the enemy in front entirely out of the woods. Notwithstanding my efforts to stop the men, they advanced until my left flank and rear became exposed to a fire from the column on the left, which had advanced past my former position. I also discovered another body off the enemy moving across the plateau on my left flank, in double-quick time, to the same position, and I succeeded in arresting my command and ordered it to retire, so that I might change front and advance upon this force. Just as I reformed my line, Semmes', Anderson's, and part of Barksdale's brigades, of McLaws' division, came up, and the whole, including Grigsby's command, advanced upon this body of the enemy, driving it with great slaughter entirely from and beyond the woods, and leaving us in possession of my former position. As soon as this was accomplished, I caused the regiments of the brigade to be reformed and placed in position as before.

I take great pleasure in bearing testimony to the gallant conduct of Semmes', Anderson's, and Barksdale's commands, whose timely arrival was of so much service to me. I can also bear testimony to the gallant deportment of Colonels Grigsby and Stafford and the men under their command. Major-General Stuart, with the pieces of artillery, under his charge, contributed largely to the repulse of the enemy, and pursued them for some distance with his artillery, and the Thirteenth Virginia Regiment, under the command of Captain [F. V.] Winston. The conduct of my own brigade was all that I could have desired, and I feel that it would be invidious to mention individual acts of courage where all behaved so well. My acting assistant adjutant-general (Major Hale) and my aide (Lieutenant Early) were very active in bearing my orders, under fire, and were of great service to me.

The loss in my brigade in this affair and under the shelling to which it was exposed while supporting General Stuart, early in the morning, was 18 killed and 166 wounded. Colonel William Smith, of the Forty-ninth Virginia, and Lieutenant-Colonel [J. C.] Gibson, of the same regiment, were both seriously wounded, the former receiving three wounds, but remaining on the field in command of his regiment until after the close of the fight.

Shortly after the repulse of the enemy, Colonel Hodges, in command of Armistead's brigade, reported to me, and I placed it in line in the position occupied by my brigade, and placed the latter in line on the edge of the plateau which has been mentioned, and parallel to the Hagerstown road, but under cover. Immediately after his repulse, the enemy commenced shelling the woods where we were, and kept it up for some time,

