
on the right of the division in line of battle; there remained until the latter part of the night of the 18th.

I am requested to bring to notice the name of Corpl. Curtis A. Lowe, of Company F, Sixty-first Georgia Regiment, who, after the color-bearer and four of the color-guard were shot down, seized the colors and pressed forward, calling to the men of the Sixty-first to follow their standard. Also, I will note the gallantry displayed by Private M. V. Hawes, of Company E, Thirty-first Georgia, who, after two of the color-bearers had been shot down, took the colors and carried them with his regiment, leading the way in the charge, and afterward carried them off the field with his regiment.

Respectfully submitted.

J. H. LOWE,

Major Thirty-first Georgia.

P. S. - The brigade was engaged at least two hours.

J. H. L.

Numbers 271. Report of Colonel James A. Walker, Thirteenth Virginia Infantry, commanding Trimble's brigade, of the battle of Sharpsburg.

OCTOBER 11, 1862.

In obedience to orders from division headquarters, calling upon me for a report of the operations of Trimble's brigade on September 17 at the battle of Sharpsburg, I respectfully submit the following:

On the night of the 16th, about 11 o'clock, I was ordered by Brigadier-General Lawton, then in command of the division, to carry my command to the front, to relieve a portion of General Hood's troops, which I did, taking the place of a brigade commanded by colonel Law. My pickets were posted in the edge of a wood, which was occupied but a short distance farther in by the enemy, and my main body was placed in a plowed field, connecting with Lawton's brigade on my left and with Ripley's brigade, of D. H. Hill's division, on my right, the latter forming a right angle with my line, and facing the Antietam River. Twice during the night the enemy's pickets attacked mine, in force, and a desultory fire was kept up between them the greater part of the night.

At daylight heavy skirmishing commenced between the pickets, and was kept up without intermission until about sunrise, when the enemy's line of battle was advanced, driving my pickets in. Soon after daylight the enemy opened fire from a battery which was posted on a hill across the Antietam, and which consequently enfiladed our position, and, as my command was exposed to full view of their gunners and had no shelter, this fire was very annoying, but less destructive than I at first apprehended it would be. About the time my skirmishers were driven in, the enemy also opened on us from the front with artillery. The line of infantry which they brought up first, advanced to the edge of the woods where my skirmishers had been posted, and opened fire upon us, to which my men replied with spirit and effect, holding them in check. The whole force of the enemy opposed to my regiments occupied the shelter of the wood, except that portion which confronted the left of my line, where the Twelfth Georgia Regiment was posted. Observing that the cool and deliberate fire of this tried and veteran regiment was annoying that portion of the enemy's line very greatly, I ordered the Twenty-first

