
eral batteries of the enemy and the fire of their infantry in front, that in a very short time my command was so reduced, having lost more than one-half (323 killed and wounded), that, on General Hood's brigade coming up, as a re-enforcement, I was obliged to retire. I then proceeded to gather together the remnant of my brigade. When this was accomplished, I moved again toward the front, but, on reaching the skirt of the woods above referred to, I found General Hood's brigade, sheltered by the nature of the ground from a very severe artillery fire directed upon it. Upon consultation with General Hood, I considered it best to remain there. I continued in this position until evening, when my brigade, with General Hood, retired about a mile to the rear, and, forming in line in an open field near the large stone barn, there remained during the night.

Early Thursday morning I received an order from General Early, then in command of the division (General Lawton having been wounded), to the woods then occupied by his own brigade, and, forming upon his left, held that position until late Thursday night, when I received orders to recross the Potomac.

I have no report to make of the action of Captain D'Aquin's battery, attached to my brigade, as that officer was not under my command during the action.

Of the officers and men under my command I have to speak in terms of the highest commendation. The terrible loss among the officers evinces with what fidelity they discharged their duties.

To my staff-Captain John H. New, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Dwight Martin, aide-de-camp-I am under particular obligations for their constant attendance and prompt discharge of their several duties. Lieutenant Martin, I regret to add, was mortally wounded early in the morning. Captain New, having his horse killed under him, was disabled by the fall; and I am indebted to Major Young, quartermaster of this brigade, for voluntarily acting as my aide when deprived of the services of the above-mentioned gentlemen.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARRY T. HAYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Louisiana Brigade.

Brigadier General EARLY,

Commanding Third Division.

Numbers 273. Reports of Major General Ambrose P. Hill, C. S. Army, commanding Light Division, of operations September 2-November 3.

HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION.

Camp Gregg, Va., February 25, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my division from the crossing of the Rapidan, August 20, to the repulse of the enemy at Castleman's Ferry, November 3 [1862], inclusive:

The division was composed of the brigades of Generals Branch, Gregg, Field, Pender, Archer, and Colonel Thomas, with the batteries of Braxton, Latham, Crenshaw, McIntosh, Davidson, and Pegram, under Lieutenant Colonel R. L. Walker, chief of artillery.

