
and not until repeated calls had been made for them. When I entered the works of the enemy, which was only a few moments after the white flag had been shown, there was apparently no organization of any kind. That had ceased to exist.

The fruits of this victory were 11,000 prisoners, about 12,000 stand of arms, 70 pieces of artillery, harness and horses, a large number of wagons, commissary, quartermaster's, and ordnance stores.

My loss was 3 killed and 66 wounded.

SHARPSBURG.

By direction of General Jackson, I remained at Harper's Ferry until the morning of the 17th, when, at 6.30 a.m., I received an order from General Lee to move to Sharpsburg. Leaving Thomas, with his brigade, to complete the removal of the captured property, my division was put in motion at 7.30 a.m. The head of my column arrived upon the battle-field of Sharpsburg, a distance of 17 miles, at 2.30 o'clock, and, reporting in person to General Lee, he directed me to take position on our right. Brigadier General D. R. Jones, commanding on our right, gave me such information as my ignorance of the ground made necessary. My troops were rapidly thrown into position, Pender and Brockenbrough on the extreme right, looking to a road which crossed the Antietam near its mouth, Branch, Gregg, and Archer extending to the left and connecting with D. R. Jones' division. [D. G.] McIntosh's battery had been sent forward to strengthen Jones' right, weakened by troops withdrawn to our left and center. Braxton's battery, commanded by Lieutenant [E. A.] Marye (Captain Braxton acting as chief of artillery), was placed upon a commanding point on Gregg's right; Crenshaw and Pegram on a hill to my left, which gave them a wide field of fire. My troops were not in a moment too soon. The enemy had already advanced in three lines, had broken throug Jones' division, captured McIntosh's battery, and were in the full tide of success. With a yell of defiance, Archer charged them, retook McIntosh's guns, and drovve them back pell-mell. Branch and Gregg, with their old veterans, sternly held their ground, and, pouring in destructive volleys, the tide of the enemy surged back, and, breaking in confusion, passed out of sight.

During this attack, Pender's brigade was moved from my right to the center, but the enemy were driven back without actively engaging his brigade. The three brigades of my division actively engaged did not number over 2,000 men, and these, with the help of my splendid batteries, drove back Burnside's corps of 15,000 men.

The Confederacy has to mourn the loss of a gallant soldier and accomplished gentleman,who fell in this battle at the head of his brigade-Brigadier General L. O'B. Branch, of North Carolina. He was my senior brigadier, and one to whom I could have intrusted the command of the division, with all confidence.

General Gregg, of South Carolina, was wounded, and the brave Colonel Barnes mortally so. My gallant Captain Pegram, of the artillery, was also wounded for the first time.

My loss was 63 killed, 283 wounded; total, 346.

We lay upon the field of battle that night and until the next night at 1 o'clock, when my division was silently withdrawn, and, as directed by General Lee, covered the retirement of our army.

My division crossed the Potomac into Virginia about 10 a.m. the next morning, every wagon and piece of artillery having been safely put on the Virginia shore. I bivouacked that night (19th) about 5 miles from Shepherdstown.

