
the infantry of the enemy until nightfall closed the engagement. Captain Pegram's gun was withdrawn after a few rounds, the men being exhausted by the march from Harper's Ferry and the labor at the guns. Captain Crenshaw's battery was the last to reach the field, and took position on a hill in front of Captain McIntosh, from which, disregarding the enemy's artillery, he directed his fire entirely at their infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. L. WALKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Battery Artillery, Light Div.

Major R. C. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Light Division.

Numbers 275. Report of Brigadier General James H. Lane, C. S. Army, commanding Branch's brigade, of operations September 2-20.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE,November 14, 1862.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the various engagements from Cedar Run to Shepherdstown, inclusive:

The report must necessarily be imperfect, as I was not in command of the brigade until after General Branch's fall, while most of the officers who commanded the different regiments are now absent, and did not leave with the assistant adjutant-general any account of the part taken in the various battles by their respective commands.*

* * * * * *

HARPER'S FERRY.

The second day after the engagement at Ox Hill we marched through Leesburg, crossed the Potomac into Maryland on the 5th, and moved inn the direction of Frederick, where we remained several days. Then recrossed the Potomac at Williamsport, and marched on Harper's Ferry through Martinsburg. The evening of the 14th, we advanced down the Winchester and Harper's Ferry Railroad. The Seventh Regiment was in advance, and its skirmishers, commanded by Captain [John G.] Knox, succeeded in driving the enemy's sharpshooters from a high position overlooking the railroad. The remainder of the brigade reached this position after midnight, and there slept upon their arms until day, when every one was in readiness and awaited the orders to advance. After a short but rapid and well-directed artillery fire from our batteries, the enemy displayed several white flags, and we marched into the place without further resistance. We captured several prisoners the evening of the 14th. Our loss was 4 wounded.

SHARPSBURG.

We left Harper's Ferry on September 17, and, after a very rapid and fatiguing march, recrossed the Potomac and reached Sharpsburg in time to participate in the fight. The entire brigade was ordered to the right, and, on reaching the field, the Twenty-eighth was detached by General A. P. Hill, in person, and sent on the road to the left leading to Sharps-

---------------

*Portions of report here omitted are printed in Series I, Vol. XII, Part II, pp. 675-677.

---------------

