
About 9 a.m., while the Light Division was crossing, Captain Brown's small detachment was attacked by cavalry, but, dispersing them by a single volley, they succeeded in reaching the river and crossing in safety.

The fighting at Sharpsburg was sever, and the loss considerable, being, in the aggregate, 165.

Among the killed were col. Dixon Barnes, Captain F. A. Erwin, and Lieutenant [J. B.] Blackman, of the Twelfth South Carolina Volunteers, and Lieutenant G. A. McIntyre,* of the First South Carolina Volunteers.

Among the wounded were Captain M. P. Parker, of the First South Carolina Volunteers; Capts. J. L. Miller and H. C. Davis, Lieuts. R. M. Kerr, W. J. Stover, and S. Y. Roseborough, of the Twelfth South Carolina Volunteers, Captain J. M. Perrin, commanding Orr's Rifles, and Lieuts. J. M. Wheeler and W. L. Litzsey, of the Thirteenth.

Where all did so well it may not be unpardonable to declare that in this battle the palm was borne off by the intrepid Colonel Barnes, who nobly fell while leading the invincible Twelfth in their last victorious charge. Colonel Barnes was as amiable and generous in peace as he was gallant and irresistible in war. Having large wealth and high position at home, he left all to fall at the head of his beloved regiment, gallantly struggling for the independence of his country.

Statement of killed, wounded, and missing.

Command.	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Aggrega

 	 	 	 te

1st South Carolina	 4	 30	 -	 34

Volunteers

Orr's Rifles	 3	 9	 -	 12

12th South Carolina	 20	 82	 2	 104

Volunteers

13th South Carolina	 1	 14	 -	 15

Volunteers

Total	 28	 135	 2	 165

SHEPHERDSTOWN.

After crossing the river into Virginia and marching about 5 miles, the brigade spent the night, and was ordered back next morning, the 20th, to Boteler's Ford, near Shepherdstown, to drive back the enemy, who was reported to be crossing at that point. General Gregg formed line of battle (Orr's Rifles deployed as skirmishers in front) and advanced in splendid style. The batteries of the enemy on the Maryland side poured upon them a terrible fire of grape, round shot, and shell. Their practice was remarkably fine, bursting shells in the ranks at every discharge. The Fourteenth South Carolina Volunteers (Lieutenant-Colonel Simpson), from the nature of the ground over which it passed, was particularly exposed. When the artillery made gaps in their ranks, they closed up like veterans, and marched on without confusion or in the least losing distance. The Rifles went down near to the river and drove the enemy into the water, most of them being either killed or drowned. The brigade lay under a terrible fire of shells all day, and at dark returned to bivouac.

The loss of the brigade was 63 killed and wounded, mostly in the Fourteenth, among the killed being the brave, generous, and efficient

---------------

*It was Archibald McIntyre who was killed. G. A. McIntyre appears as a captain in February, 1864.

---------------

