
Captain James H. Dunlap, of Laurens, S. C., who was blown to pieces by a shell, and among the wounded was Lieutenant D. H. Hamilton, jr., adjutant of the First South Carolina Volunteers.

Statement of killed and wounded.

Command.	 Killed 	 Wounded	 Aggregate.

Orr's Rifles	 -	 1	 1

1st South Carolina	 -	 4	 4

Volunteers

12th South Carolina	 -	 1	 1

Volunteers

13th South Carolina	 -	 2	 2

Volunteers

14th South Carolina	 10	 45	 55

Volunteers

Total	 10	 53	 63

SNIKER'S GAP.

On Sunday, November 2, occurred the affair the Castleman's Ford, near Snicker's Gap. Gregg's and Thomas' brigades, accompanied by a battery of artillery, were thrown forward as a sort of picket to secure that ford against any effort General McClellan (who was reported to be at Snickersville in force) might make to pass the mountains there. Gregg's brigade took position, and, under light fire of artillery, awaited the approach of the enemy, who never reached our side of the ford. In this affair the brigade lost 3 wounded, 1 mortally.

Statement of killed and wounded.

Command.	 Killed	 Wounded	 Aggregate

Orr's Rifles	 1	 -	 1

12th South Carolina	 -	 2	 2

Volunteers

Total	 1	 2	 3

The brigade remained in bivouac at different places in the lower valley until Saturday, November 22, when they moved with the Light Division from Jordan's Spring, on the Opequon, near Winchester. Marching up the Winchester and Staunton turnpike, we turned to the left at New Market, passed the Blue Ridge,at Milan's Gap, then covered with snow, and on the 27th left the beautiful valley of Virginia. Passing by Madison and Orange, we reached the Massaponax hills, near Fredericksburg, on Wednesday, December 3, having made a march of 175 miles in twelve days.

Again regretting much the many imperfections of this hasty sketch of operations, which must be historical, I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. McGOWAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Brigade, Light Division.

Major R. C. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

