
we again charged on them and drove them back a short distance, but were not able to reach the fence, as in the first charge. There being a very heavy flank movement on the right, we again fell back near the top of the hill. Now the enemy advanced over the fence, when the Twelfth, again and for the third time, charged upon them and drove them beyond the fence, with great slaughter, putting them completely to rout as they ran through the plowed ground and up the opposite hill.

In these charges the regiment suffered severely. In the last the loss was very heavy. Here fell Colonel Dixon Barnes, at the head of his regiment, gallantly cheering his men on to victory, and here, also, fell Captain F. A. Erwin and Lieutenant Stover, mortally wounded, both in the midst of their commands. For particulars I refer to list of killed and wounded, marked D.*

Colonel Barnes having fallen, I immediately assumed command. I remained at the fence with the regiment until near sundown, when, there being no appearance of the enemy, I fell back to the top of the hill, when I was ordered to the rear of the fence occupied by Colonel Edwards' regiment. Here we remained during the night and until ordered to march on the night of the 18th.

SHEPHERDSTOWN.

On arriving on the battle-field on the morning of the 20th, the Twelfth Regiment was formed into line of battle with the brigade. We were not engaged in the fight, but were under a heavy shelling during the entire day, and particularly while marching to our position. Here, being well protected by a hill, this regiment suffered no loss but in 1 man slightly wounded.

In both the engagement I have great pleasure in testifying to the good conduct of the officers and men of this regiment. They all fought with remarkable gallantry, always ready to advance, and never faltering in any instance, whether under shell or before musketry.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. McCORKLE,

Major, Commanding Twelfth Regiment South Carolina Vols.

Lieutenant Colonel C. JONES.

Numbers 280. Reports of Colonel O. E. Edwards, Thirteenth South Carolina Infantry, of operations September 15-19.

CAMP NEAR BUNKER HILL, VA.,

October 2, 1862.

[I make the following] report of the part taken by the Thirteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers in the battle of Harper's Ferry, W. Va., on September 15

On September 14, when it became apparent, from the opening, of the batteries on Maryland and Loudoun Heights, that our troops were in rear of Harper's Ferry, our brigade moved to the right of Bolivar Heights at 3 p.m., in the direction of the Harper's Ferry and Winchester Railroad. On reaching it, we marched by a flank on the track until hemmed in by the Shenandoah River and the bluff south of the enemy's position. Here we were halted at dark to drive in the enemy's advanced sharpshooters and clear the way, and were detained until 2 a.m., on the 15th. We

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

