914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Mr. HOLMAN moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
Themotion was disagreed to—ayes 42, noes50.
. Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
oh the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken-, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 52, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Seaman, Bingham, Samuel S.
Blair, Blake, Buffinton, Chamberlain, Clark, Cutler, Dunn,
Edserton, Eliot, Fenton, Samuel C. Fessenden, Thomas
A.*D. Fessenden, Fisher, Franchot, Frank, Goodwin,
Granger,Gurley, Hickman, Horton, Hutching, Kelley,Lan-
sing, Lovejoy, Low, McKean, Marston, Mitchell, Moor-
head, Anson'P. Morrill, Nixon, Patton, Pike, Alexander
11. Rice, John H. Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent,
Shanks, Sherman, Sloan, Spauldmg, Van Wyck, Walker,
Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom, and Wor-
cester—52.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Alley, Aneona, Daily,
Biddle, William G. Brown, Calvert, Clement*, Cobb, Col-
fax, Frederick A. Conkling, Cox, Crisfield, Delano, Grider^
Harrison, Holman, Killiuger, Knapp, Lehman, Loomis,
McKnight, May, Menzies, Morris, Noble, Noell, Norton,
Nugen, Pendleton, Timothy G. Phelps, Porter, Pricc, Rob-
inson, Segar, Sheffield, Shiel, Smith, William G. Steele,
Stiles, Benjamin F.Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, Trim
ble, Trowbridge, Vallandigham, Verrce, Voorhees, Wash-
bume, Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, Wright, and Yea-
man—54.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was rejected; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY asked for the yeas and nays
on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
. LOVEJOY called for tellers on
the yeas
Mr.
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
EULOGIES ON SENATOR PEARCE.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the eulogies on the
life and character of the late J. A. Pearce, delivered in both
Houses, be punted for the use of this House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the yeas and nays on
the adoption of that resolution. If we cannot
print our Sabbath proceedings I do not think we
ought to print a document of that character.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Would itbe in order
to move to amend that resolution so as to make
the number of copies five thousand ?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I make that motion.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the amendment,
so as to make the number five thousand. That
is the number we have usually printed of such
documents.
Mr. CLARK demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. CRISFIELD. Let me make a single re-
mark on the resolution.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I ask that the call
for the previous question be withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be withdrawn, as
it has been seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Cox's amend
merit, and it was rejected; and the amendment of
Mr. F. A. Conkling was also voted down.
The question recurred on the adoption-of the
resolution, on which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
tho affirmative—yeas G3, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Me«sr-!. Aldrich, William Alien, Aneona, Ash-
ley, Uaily, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Wil
Imin G. Brown, Calvert, Clark, Cobb,Cox, Crisfield, Dawes
Delano, Granger, Under, Hatght, Hale, Ilolnian, Kerrigan,
Loary, Lehman, Loomis, Low. McPhersou, Maliory, May'
Menzies, Mitchell, Moorhead, Morris, Noble, Nugen, Odeil
Pendleton, Pike, Price, Alexander Ji. Rice, Riddle, Segar.
Sheffield, Shiel, Smith, John B Steele, William G. Steele
Stilus, Benjamin F. Thomas, Fiancis Thomas, Tram, Val-
landigham, Van Valkenburgh,Voorhees, Wadsworth, Wal-
ton, Webster, Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, Woodruff
Worcester, Wright, and Yeaman—63.
NAYS—Mcsmh. Alley, Babbitt, Beaman, Blake, Bufiin
ton, Campbell, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Cutler, Ed
jetton, Eliot, Fenton, Samuel C. Fes&enden, Thomas A
D. Fessenden, Fisher, Franchot. Gurley, Harrison, Hick
man, Hutohins, Kelley,William Kellogg. Landing, Lovejoy,
McKean, McKnight, Anson P. Morrill, Nixon, Ohn. Patton!
Timothy G Phelps, Porter, Potter, Sargent, Shanks, Sher-
man, Sloan. Trimble, Trowbidge, Van Horn, Van Wyck.
Verree, Walker, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson, and
Windom—47.
So the resolution was passed.
Mr. CRISFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that themotion to reconsider belaid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL CLERKS, ETC.
The SPEAKER stated that the business next
in order was the unfinished business of yesterday,
being House bill No. 709, to provide for addi-
tional clerks and messengers for the Legislative
Assemblies of the Territories of Dakota and Col-
orado, reported back from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and which had been read the third time.
Mr. ASHLEY demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill. >
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DAILY. I ask that a like provision be
inserted in this bill for Nebraska.
Objection was made.
The bill was passed.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MONTANA.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported back House bill No. 738, to pro-
vide a temporary government for the Territory of
Montana, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
The bill was read through.
Mr. TODD moved to insert the words, u and
superintendent of Indian affairs;" so that the
fourth section would then read:
The Governor shall reside within said Territory, and shall
be commander-in-chief of the militia and superintendent
of Indian affairs, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TODD moved to amend the fifth section by
striking out the words, " for at least thirty days,"
and in lieu thereof to insert, "at the time or the
passage of this act;" so that it will read:
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every free white
male inhabitant above the age of twenty-one years who
shall have been an actual resident of said Territory at the
time of the passage of this act shall be entitled to vote at
the first election, and shall be eligible to any office within
the said Territory ; but the qualifications of voters, and of
holding office, at all subsequent elections, shall be such as
shall be prescribed by the Legislative Assembly.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TODD moved to insert in the eleventh sec-
tion these words, "one enrolling and one engross-
ing;" so that it will read:
And a chief clerk, one assistant, one enrolling, and one
engrossing clerk, a sorgeant-at-arms, and doorkeeper, may
bu chosen for each House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRIMBLE moved to strike out the follow-
ing:
The judge of each probate court shall appoint the clerk
of the hitid court, who shall hold the said office during the
Eleasure of the said court, and shall receive such fees as shall
u fixed by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out the proviso to
the sixth section, commonly called the Wilmot
proviso; and on that motion f demand the previous
question.
The proviso was read; as follows:
Provided, That whereas slavery is piohibited in said Ter-
ritory by act of Congress of June 19,1862, nothing herein
contained shall be construed to authorize or permit its ex-
istence therein.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 38, nays 96; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Alien, Aneona, Baily, Biddle,
Calveit, Cobb. Cox, Crisfield, Grider, Ilail, Harding, Hol-
man, Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, Maliory, Menzies, Morris,
Noble, Norton, Nugen, Pendleton, Price, Robinson, Segar,
Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele, Stiles, Vallandigham, Voor-
hees, Wadsworth, Webster, Chilton A. White. Wickliffe,
Woodruff, Wright, and Yeaman—38.
NAYS—MesMs. Aldiich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, William G. Brown, Buffinton, Chamberlain, Ciatk,
Clemi-nts, Colfax, Ficderick A. Conkling, Conway, Co-
vode, Cutler, Davis, Pawcs, Delano, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot,
Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Fcs^onden, Thomas A. D. Fessen-
den, Fisher, Franchot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin. Granger,
Gurley, Iiaiglu, Hanson, Hickman, Horton, Julian, liel-
ley, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lansing, Leh-
man, Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, Mclndoe. McKean, Mc-
Knight, Maynard, Moorhead, Anson P. Morrill, Justin 8.
Morrill, NKon, Noell, Oiiu, Patton, Timothy G. Phelpe,
Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Alexander H Rice, John H.
Riec, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Shanks, Shef-
field, Shellabarger, Sheiman, Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Van Horn,Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyck, Ver-
ree, Walker, Wallace, Walton, Washburne, Wheeler, Al-
bert S. White, Wilson, and Windom—96.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ASHLEY demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered. .
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich. Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, Buffinton, Campbell, Chamberlain, Clark, Colfax,
Frederick A. Conkling, Covodc, Cutler, Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Fessen-
den, Thomas A. Q. Fessenden, Fisher, Franchot, Frank,
Granger, Gurley, Hale, Harrison, Hutchins, Julian, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lansing, Lehman, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Low, Mclndoe, McKean, McKnight, Marston,
Maynard, Mitchell, Moorhead, Nixon, Patton, Timothy G.
Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Alexander H. Rice,
John H. Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Sargent, Shanks,
Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan, Stevens, Benja-
min F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyck, Verree, Wallace,
Walton, Washburne, Wheeler, Albert S. White, Wilson,
Windom, and Worcester—85.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Aneona, Calvert, Clem-
ents, Cobb, Cox, Cravens, Crisfield, Grider, Hall, Harding,
Holman, Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, Maliory, May, Menzies,
Morris, Noble, Norton, Nugen, Pendleton, Price, Robinson,
Segar, Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele, Stiles, Vallandigham,
Vooriiees, Wadsworth, Webster, Chilton A. White, Wick-
liffe, Woodruff, Wright, and Yeaman—39.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES CHRISTIAN COMMISSION;
Mr. McKEAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the use of the Hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives be granted to the United States Christian Com-
mission on Sunday evening, the 22d instant, for a meeting
in aid of the soldiers of the Republic.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House that
that body had passed bills of the following titles,
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House:
An act (No. 519) to annex a part of the State
of New Jersey to the collection district of New
York, and to appoint an assistant collector to
reside at Jersey City;
An act (No. 466) granting certain privileges to
the Guardian Society of the District of Columbia;
and *",l
v An act (No. 466) to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States stocks, and
to provide for the circulation a«d redemption
thereof.
Mr. BIDDLE. I ask leave to introduce a res-
olution for reference merely.
Mr. BLAKE. I call for the regular order ot
business.
ADMISSION OF STATES.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask leave to report back
sundry bills from the committee, and ask that Sat-
urday week be set aside for their consideration.
The bills were read by their titles, as follows:
A bill (H. E. No. 627) to enable the people of
Nevada to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, and for the admission of said State into
the Union on an equal footing with the original
States.
A bill (H. R. No. 630) to enable the people of
Colorado to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, and for the admission of said State into
the Union on an equal footing with the original
S tate s
A bill (H. R. No. 628) to enable the people of
Nebraska to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, and for the admission of said State into
the Union on an equal footing with the original
States.
