1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
919
ions, and it is now about to be completed by an
appropriation in the regular form, recommended
by the regular Department, and put into this bill.
I hope it will be adopted.
Mr.S. C. FESSENDEN. Why,Mr.Chairman,
they talk upon the floor of this House about the
amount of money which has been expended for
the defense of Maine. There has not been ex-
pended upon the defenses of Maine an amount of
money as yet adequate to complete her fortifica-
tions, And that is the point at which I am aim-
ing. A single custom-house in the city of Charles-
ton has had expended upon it, within the last ten
years, half the amount of money that has been
expended on the fortificationsofMamesincc 1820,
when she was admitted into the Union, large as
is the whole sum.
Mr. MAYNARD asked a question, which was
not heard by the reporters.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. Precisely so; Maine
can be invaded upon her northeastern boundaries,
and we think we ought to have defenses there. I
stated at the outset that one reason why Maine
should have defenses upon her sea-board, and one
reason why the harbor of Portland should be de-
fended, was, that if she was not defended, and for
that reason Portland should fall into the hands of
a foreign Power, that Power could drive American
commerce from the Atlantic ocean and the great
lakes. If that Power were in possession of Port-
land, all of the peninsula east of Lake Champlain
would be subjected to its control.
I know very well that efforts are being made—
and gentlemen here have alluded to the fact—to
slough off Maine, in case there should be a resto-
ration of this Union. I have no doubt that if the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] and some other
gentlemen I have heard speak upon this floor,
could succced in their efforts, New England would
be left out in the cold.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Does the gentleman
refer to me? *
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. i do not. I have
a word to say upon that point. They ought to
have the generosity, if they propose to leave us
out, to leave us m a condition to take care of our-
se) ygg
The* CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will con-
fine his remarks to the subject before the House.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. 1 intend to do so.
I say, one reason why we should have these for-
tifications on the coast of Maine, is the effort which
is made by some gentlemen, and in which they
hope to succeed some day, to reconstruct the
Union with New England (eft out.
Mr. WADSWORTH. One word upon that
point, if you pK-ase.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I wish toknowwhether,
if all these fortifications are for defense against
Gieat Britain, and Maine is left out, and she goes
over to Great Britain, will they not be useless?
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. Let not the gentle-
man give himself any uneasiness on that score.
I can assure him, as I have heretofore done, that
Maine is to remain in the Union; and her fortifi-
cations, therefore, can at no time be useless for the
nation's defense. And my honorable friend, as I
know he has said, is not for having Maine, or any
other State, left out. The fortifications of which
1 have spoken are for defense against any foreign
Power whatever—against Franco as well as any
other.
Mr. Chairman, I urge this appropriation upon
the consideration of the House, and I want to
hear what gentlemen from the West and the
South have to say in relation to it. I say again,
these fortifications ought to be completed, and [
say that the day may come when, if they are left
uncompleted, gentlemen will have occasion to re-
gret it. I say the day may come when they will
see that it would have been well for the country
had they put upon the coast of Maine all the de-
fenses which are asked for.
Sir, I coincided with my colleague [Mr. Pike]
when he told the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
that we are not willing to be sloughed off, but if
we are, we would have the Northwest and the
South, and all parts of this country understand
that New England can take care of herself in the
Union or out of it. Thank God, we have no
favors to ask of our fiiends or of our enemies in
that respect.
i promised to yield a few minutes of my time
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Arnold,]
and I now yield to him.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 am very much grat-ified to
find that my friend ftom Ohio [Mr. Cox] mani-
fests more solicitude to-day in regard to the de-
fense of the Northwest than he did the other day
when the great measure of enlarging the canals
was before this House for such defense.
Sir, a fair consideration of this question in re-
gard to the manner of defending the Atlantic coast
and the northern frontier, will, I apprehend, de-
monstrate to the satisfaction of this House that
the true and the cheapest mode of defending the
northern frontier was the mode that was proposed
by the Committee on Military Affairs, of opening
a channel of communication by which gunboats
may be transferred from tide-water to the lakes,
thus adopting the same policy which Great Brit-
ain has adopted in regard to the defense of the
lakes. Sir, for what purpose is it proposed to
build these fortifications upon the Atlantic coast?
Where is the enemy against whose attack we are
called upon to build forts from Maine to the ex-
treme border of our Union? Where is that ene-
my ? The gentleman from Maine [Mr, Fessen-
den] said that that enemy is Great Britain, an
enemy three thousand miles away.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I did not say Great
Britain only; i said any foreign Power.
Mr. ARNOLD. Certainly; but more especially
Great Britain. She is always placed in the front.
Now, I desire to call the attention of the gentle-
man from Maine and of the House and of the
country to the fact that you have built a chain of
fortifications all along the coast from Maine to
Flouda, and that there has been expended upon
that coast nearly a hundred million dollars on
those defenses. The bill under consideration pro-
poses to expend an additional sum of nearly seven
mi1 lion dollars for the defense of the Atlantic coast;
and the question is forced upon the consideration
of the House in what way we shall defend the
.northern frontier. Will you adopt the recom-
mendation of the President and the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Military Affairs, and open
this channel of communication from the Atlantic
to the lakes, as England has done, as a means of
defending the northern frontier? Every dollar ex-
pended in that way will not only be well and ju-
diciously expended for purposes of defense, but
tend to hold the Union together, and also to re-
duce the cost of transportation, not only of prod-
ucts of the West that go East, but the products
of the East that come West. Will you adopt that
system, or will you begin on the lakes the system
which you have prosecuted for fifty years on the
Atlantic coast, and place forts and fortifications
all along the northern frontier? We must adopt
one or the other of these means of defending the
northern border. It is scarcely to be supposed
that, while you are annually appropriating mil-
lions for the East, the northern frontier is to be
permitted to go utterly defenseless. Congress is
notgoing to leave its vast commerce, and the cities
that have grown up there, neglected and unde-
fended.
The gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Cox] says, de-
fend them by the erection of forts and fortifica-
tions; they are as much needed on the lakes as
on the Atlantic. True, unless you give us the ship
canal. But let me ask the intelligent gentleman
how many hundreds of millions it will cost to carry
out his system ? You begin the erection of forts
on the St. Lawrence; pass up through Lake Onta-
rio; you must have forts at Oswego, at Buffalo,
Erie, and Cleveland, and Toledo, and Detroit;
your shore defenses will extend along Lake St.
Clair, thence to Forts Gratiotand Mackinaw and
down Green bay, and thence down Lake Michi-
gan to Chicago. If you are to defend that vast
coast, extending thousands of miles,by land forti-
fications, I ask the gentleman where the expendi-
tures will end ? How incomparably cheaper to
enlarge the canals and bring in the gunboats!
Mr. STEVENS. I must rise to a point of order.
We never shall get through with any business if
gentlemen are allowed to ramble ali over God's
creation in this way. The gentleman is not show-
ing why this amendment should be adopted or
why not.
Mr. ARNOLD. I apprehend I am perfectly in
order. This is a fortification bill, and I am en-
deavoring to show that gunboats are cheaper and
better than fortifications on land.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
sustain the point of order.
Mr. ARNOLD. I am discussing the question
whether land fortifications are better for purposes
of defense thantheconstructionofachannel which
would result in the introduction of iron-clad gun-
boats into the lakes. Your shore defenses will
cost $100,000,000; your canal $15,000,000. I pre-
sent to the consideration of the House the ques-
tion of the best means of defending the frontier,
both East and North.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is occupying the floor by the consent of the
gentleman from Maine.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I object to this farming
out of the floor.
Mr. ARNOLD. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to finish what I had to say.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. As objection is made,
I must resume the floor. I have submitted all the
remarks which I intended to make upon this ques-
tion, and I should have closed before this time it
I had notbeen interrupted. Having presented this
point, and seen the spirit of the House, I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Dawes having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Mc-
Knight reported that the Committeeof the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had underconfcideration the state of the Union gen-
erally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No. 707)
making appropriations foj the construction, pres-
ervation, and repairs of certain fortifications and
other works of defense for the year ending the
30th of June, 1864, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
close op debate.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to close all debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the pending scction of the fortification bHt m
one minute after the committee shall resume its
consideration.
Mr. ARNOLD. There is but one section in
this bill, and it appropriates $7,000,000. I do
hope that the House will not close debate on so im-
portant a measure in one minute. I move to
amend the motion by substituting five minutes.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stevens's
motion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended,and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Me-
Knight in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the special order, being the
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I have an amendment
which 1 desire to offer, to come in on the third
page of the bill at the end of line thirty-seven. I
move to add to the appropriation for New Lon-
don, Connecticut, which is in the words, "for
additional fortifications at New London harbor,
Connecticut, $200,000,M the following proviso:
Provided, however, That this appropiiation shall not be
expended unless New London shall be selected as a per-
manent site for a navy-yard or naval station.
I offer that amendment in accordance with the
suggestion ofthegentieman from New York, [Mr.
Sedgwick,] the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr Stevens,] and it has the sanction of the
gentlemen from Connecticut. I hope it will be
adopted.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. I opposetheamend-
inent merely for the purpose of stating that on the
vote the other day on the Illinois canal bill twenty-
one of the Representatives of the Northwest voted
against the hill and eighteen for it, and of the
eleven absent six or seven were opposed to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. What would be the effect
of that motion should it prevail?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that if the motion were carried the bill would be
defeated
