1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
boat will require to carry a certain armament.
They can ascertain to a fraction what draught of
water n boat of a particular construction will have
without her armament, and what draught with her
armament. Now, here we have the statement of
Mr. Ericsson that the draught of such a vessel as he
proposes to construct for the defenses of the lakes
will be six and a half feet without its armament,
and nine feet with its armament.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from New Yorlt has entirely misunder-
stood what I have said if the remarks he has just
made were intended as a reply. The failure to
demonstrate the military capacity of these canals
was not the point T made. I did not argue against
the military feasibleness of this project. My
argument was this: that the project of taking
gunboats through these canais for the defense of
the lakes proceeds upon the assumption that the
British Government would cairy its gunboats
through its canals into the lakes to resist our
commerce, without taking into consideration the
fact that those canals are all entirely accessible
to us, and that we should not probably sit qui-
etly down and see their gunboats move up these
canais to the lakes without making some at-
tempt to destroy them. The point has never
been attempted to be met, and it is irresistible,
that the position of these British canals is so en-
tirely accessible that we should never perfnit their
vessels of war to get up into the lakes to attack
our commerce.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask my col-
league how long it would take to raise and equip
an army and send into Canada to destroy these
canals ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. It could be
done in a day.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I move to amend
the item of the bill for contingencies of fortifica-
tions, &c., from $700,000 to $650,000. I make
this motion for the purpose of saying a word or
two.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question of order.
The resolution of the House was that till debate
should be closed upon this biil. It is not, there-
fore, in order to make any remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that the
debate under the hour rule only was closed by the
House, and that debate under the five minutes rule
has not been closed. It would not be competent
for the House to close the five minutes debate
until the bill had l>een under consideiation with
the live minutes debate.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I say I made that
motion for the purpose of saying a word upon a
subject which seems to have escaped the attention
of the House—this question of the enlargement
of certain canals. [Laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, my learned friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Thomas] assumes that the prop-
osition that gunboats could pass through this Illi-
nois canal, as it was proposed to enlaige it, was
entirely without foundation.
Mr. TIIOM AS,ofMassachusetts. I never said
any thins: of the sot t.
Mi. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Well,sir, it seems
to me we did atrempt to demonstrate that such a
thsng was entirely ptactieable, with the contem-
plated improvements m our canal and in the Illi-
nois river.
The proposition is to fortify the northern lakes
by means of iron-clad batteries. I take it that it
is pretty well ascertained that our iron-clad gun-
boats of the plan on which moot of them are being
constructed, are to be pretty generally used for
coast defenses. They cannot succeed as sea-going
vessels. Now, sir, in view of that, I want to sug-
gest to the House that it is practicable to put a
class of vessels upon the lake coast that will not
be serviceable as sea-going or lake-going vessels.
On the western waters there are now being built
a great number of iron-clad gunboats, of a draught
that will enable them to pass through a canal of
six or six and a half feet of water, when iciievcd
of their armament and stores. I am satisfied of
this fact. Colonel Webster reported that to the
House. lie reported that Commodore Foote had
declared to him that iron-clad gunboats upon the
western rivers would float in that depth of water.
That has been stated to the House. It is the
opinion of a man who has had practical expe-
rience of these iron-clad gunboats on the western
rivers, and who has immortalized himself by their
use.
1 wish to r^jeat what has been said about my
colleague. The person who has all of the brains
of the Navy Department on this subject has spoken
to me, notpvivately, and I suppose that I have the
right to tell the House what he told me. When
I asked him whether they were building gunboats,
he said that they were. He said, give us gunboats
with a draught of six feet of water, and we will
protect the whole lake coast. I put this informa-
tion before the House, and I hope that no one will
again say that nothing is being done in regard to
the lake defenses.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For tool and siege trains for armies in the field, $250,000.
Mr. COX. I move to rcduce that appropriation
$50,000. 1 will not detain the committee long. I
propose to call the House back; to call it away
from the canal project to the bill before us. Some
gentlemen talk of the canal question as if it were
a Northwest question, when the fact is, as demoli-
sh ated by my colleague, [Mr. Vallanpigham,]
that a majority of the North west men voted against
it. I do not intend to discuss that further.
I want to say a few words to the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] who referred to me a
tew moments ago when I had not the opportunity
to reply. He seems to have gathered the idea
from something he heard of something that I have
said, that the Northwest, or some of its members
here, arc in fu\ or of driving New England out of
the U nion. No one member of the Northwest has
uttered suclj a sentiment. No one on this side of
the House, here or elsewhere, has expressed any
such opinion. The gentleman is unauthorized to
draw any such conclusion from anything said here
or elsewhere.
Mr. PIKE. I have not read the gentleman's
speech which he made in New York, and I drew
my conclusion from what common rumor attri-
buted to the gentleman.
Mr. COX. The gentleman ought to recollect
the old saying, " that common rumor is a com-
mon liar." I know that gentlemen bring common
rumors into this House for the purpose of sub-
serving some partisan ends. I know that all of
these rumors are being carefully circulated to be
used against the Democratic party of Maine. I
understand the plan of gentlemen there; but there
is an element at work in New England that will
produce good fruits m the coming fall elections.
Theie is an element which gathers around Gen-
eral McClellan,and which promises to bring back
the good old daysof Webster and Choate and that
class of men.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call the gentleman to
order. The remarks of the gentleman are not
pertinent to the amendment that he has offered.
Mr. COX. I will show the connection in a
moment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will pro-
ceed to make his lemarks in order.
Mr. COX. This bill seems to be based on the
idea that there is danger of collision between the
United States and Great Britain.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That has nothing to do
with the amendment which the gentleman has
proposed.
Mr. COX. I am coming to that, and I hope
the gentleman will not interrupt me.
Now, Mr. Chairman, as I have already said,
this bill seems to be pressed upon the idea that
Great Britain will be at war with us pretty soon.
Gentlemen, if they know anything at all, know
that there never was a time 
The CHA IR.MAN. The gentleman's time has
expired. [Great laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. The statement is not that they
propose to turn New England out of the Union, \\
but that they propose to leave New England tin- j|
less New England changes her politics—in other ;j
words, they threaten to leave us unless we un- |,
puritanize ourselves. That, sir, we nevfer will jj
do.
Mr. COX. The gentleman is mistaken; it is
being done every day. 1 am willing to leave it
to the people of New Hampshire and Connecticut
to decide that question next spring.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I move to add at the end
of the bill the following- proviso:
Provided, No part of the appropriations for fortifications;
mentioned in this act shall be drawn from'the Treasury
unless the amount in the Treasury at the time, exclusive
of such appropriations, he equal to meet the appropriations
tor the support of the Army and Navy and pay ot the sol-
diers and the prosecution of the war.
Mr. Chairman, this large appropriation for
forts, like many other appropriations, is pressed
as a military necessity, an apprehension felt or
feigned that we shall have a war with England.
I think I can give assurance to my friends on the
other side of the House that Great Britain has no
idea of declaring war with the United States at
this particular juncture of our affairs. She sees
that we are destroying ourselves as a nation fast
enough, and therefore there is no reason to fear
hostile intervention from that quarter.
This biil proposes to appropriate $500,000 to
be expended upon fortifications during the fiscal
year to commence on the 1st of July, J863. Ida
not know what amount was appropriated at the
last session for the purposes of fortifications. It
was very large, and I would like the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to inform the
House how much of the sum has been expended,
and how much remains unexpended at this time.
It becomes us to look carefully into these appro-
priations. We have a very heavy national debt.
I have it from a very responsible source that the
liabilities of the Government, exclusive of the
floating debt, at the end of the present fiscal year,
will amount to the enormous sum of near
$2,000,000,000.
Now, sir, with that debt bearing upon us, and
when we are engaged in a war, the end of winch is
not seen by the most sagacion.s member of this
House, it is proposed to vote $8,500,000 to build
fortifications, on the pretense that Great Britain
will make war upon the United States. Do the
gentlemen who use that argument really believe it
themselves? Do they really believe that there is a
military necessity for commencing new fortifica-
tions North,South, East,and West,and that, too,
at a time when the people are groaning under
taxes, the like of which was never known before in
this or any other country? I cannot think thalL
gentlemen believe there is any foundation for that
pretense. Shall we authoiize this expenditure of
$8,500,000 under the pretext that Great Britain in-
tends war with us before we get through the war
which we now have on hand ? I do not object to
any appropriation for any specific fortification;
these works of defense may be necessary in time;
but I do want a provision attached to this bill that
no part of the $900,000,000 which this Congress
has authorized to be borrowed shall be usedfor any
such purpose as that contemplated by this bill,
while there is a demand to carry on the war, and
which is needed to feed and clothe the soldiers and
sailors of our Army and Navy.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that the distin-
guished gentleman from Kentucky proposes this
amendment because there is no danger of a foreign
war, and we shall not need these fortifications.
Upon what basis the gentleman founds his san-
guine hopes I do not know. I hope there will be
no foreign war. But only two years ago, it will
be recollected, every person expected that we
would have a. war with England, and gentlemen
then were anxious, if we should have a foreign
war, that the nation should not be found unpro-
vided. I do not feel quite sso certain that we will
not have a foreign war. One foreign nation has
already ventured to intermeddle in the affairs of
this country. I see that on one occasion the
French Emperor has distinctly told us from his
throne that one reason why he has invaded a
neighboring nation is that he might cripple this
nation. I have seen him depait from the law of
nations in venturing to suggest a mediation in the
internal affairs of this country, which, I venture
tosay, :s contrary to the lawof nations;and never,
while the nation is capable of supporting its own
dignity, will it for a moment be submitted to.
I know our very adroit Secretary of State, by
his frequent submissions to the demands of for-
eign nations, sometimes by employing the min-
isters of foreign nations as ouragems in rebeldom,
has so far kept off the approaches of war with
foreign nations. He has done so because of our
