922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February *12,
universal submission. If we had had a Secretary
of State who had sufficient energy to maintain the
dignity of this nation, and to tell foreign Powers,
rm matter how large, or how strong, when they
attempted to intermeddle with our affairs, to cease
tlieirintermeddling and stop their encroachments,
I am not very sure there would not have been a
foreign war before this. We may, therefore, be
thankful that we have so pliant a Secretary of
the Commonwealth that we have saved ourselves
from foreign war with no other loss than the loss
of our dignity. [Laughter.]
Mr. W1CKLIFFE. I move to amend my
amendment by striking out the last two lines.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman may mod-
ify his own amendment, but he cannot debate it.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I will move that
amendment myself. I do not desire to debate it.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am opposed to that
amendment. I am very much in earnest in the
amendment I have offered. I cannot say what
may be the feelings of the British Government,
or of the French monarchy, in relation to making
war Upon this country when they see the devel-
opment of the strength of this country, as indi-
cated by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
a'nd Means, when the other night he told us, from
his place, in concluding the debate upon a bill to
authorize the President to take and muster into
the service all the slaves in the United States, that
it was his " opinion that such was the condition
of the country, and such the feeling of the coun-
try at'this time, that there could not be raised fifty
thousand additional volunteers in the North, and
that a draft was out of the question." i suppose
it was the fear of the effect of such a declaration,
coming from so high a source, that induced the
gentleman, after the declaration was made in this
House, upon tlm suggestion of friends, to change
that expression, and make it read, " our oppo-
nents tell us that we cannot raise fifty thousand
volunteers, and that a conscription is out of the
question." That change did me a little injustice,
because 1 subsequently, in debate, quoted his true
words, and his speech may be read 111 England,
while mine will not be.
Now, sir, I cannot believe it is the purpose of
France or of England to interfere with this do-
mestic controversy of ours so long as it is con-
ducted upon principles of war recognized by civ-
ilized and Christian people. It may be, but 1
cannot tell, that we may place ourselves 111 the
condition in which Mexico placed herself when
she attempted to reconquer the province ofTexits
in 1843-44.
Mr. ARNOLD. I want to ask 
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Not now. Waituntill
am done, and then I will answer your questions.
Mr. ARNOLD. I only want to inquire whether,
in your opinion, the rebels are conducting this
contest in a Christian way?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I say that unless this war
is conilucied in a way which Christian nations can
approve, we may be placed in the condition in
which Mexico found herself when she attempted
to reconquer the province of Texas. Our Gov-
ernment was then blessed with an Administration
without a paity to control it. Santa Anna was
engaged in [he formation of an army with the
avowed purpose ofinvadingTexas,to exterminate
the population and devastate the houses and prop-
erty of the inhabitants of Texas. President Tyler
felt it to be the duty of the United States, as the
principal Power 011 this continent, to see that the
laws of civilized war should be observed by Mex-
ico; and the then Secretary of State, Mr. Web-
ster, was directed to direct our minister in Mexico
to notify the Mexican Government that this Gov-
ernment would interfere if such a war was waged
against the inhabitants of Texas, to interpose and
put an end to the contest; that this Government
could not remain quiet and inactive, and witness
a war waged for extermination and destruction of
the people and property of Texas; that if she un-
dertook to carry on the war contrary to the recog-
nized lawsof war,all Christendom would condemn
her,and the interests ofthe world would condemn
her. If we undertake to pursue sucli a course, to
wage a war of extermination, God only knows
what may be the consequences to our country.
Other nations may regard us as we regarded Mex-
ico.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. COX. i renew the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gendeman cannot
renew the amendment.
Mr. COX. I move, then, to amend by striking
out the last three words.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the gentleman
will confine his remarks to his amendment.
Mr. COX. The language which has been used
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] is entitled togreat emphasis, not only in this
House, but throughout the country and on the con-
tinent of Europe. He has urged this bill upon the
attention of the House upon the ground of immi-
nent danger of collision with Great Britain. What
he says here will influence not only the stock mar-
ket of this country, but the Bourse of Paris and
the Exchange in London, and affect the relations
which we maintain with all the world. I do not
overrate the influence of the gentleman nor of his
language; and when he deliberately makes an at-
tack upon the organ of the Government in respect
to our foreign affairs—and I do not stand here to
defend that gentleman, because he publishes his
own defense volumiiiously to the country—his
languageis entitled togreat emphasis,and wemust
heed well what is said by him.
I say there is nothing in the political horizon
to-day which will show any imminent or any re-
mote danger of a collision with England; and
every day lessens the chance of such a collision.
There is a great deal more dangerof trouble with
France. I can see that; and perhaps if the gen-
tleman would confer with the Secretary of State,
perhaps he could tell him something about it.
But, Mr. Chairman, since the complications
which have grown up in respect to Mexico, there
has sprung up a jealousy between France and
England with respect to this very Mexican ques-
tion.
There is another reason why there might have
been danger from Great Britain, owing to the re-
bellion in this country, but which danger has now
been alleviated, and that is the poor rates. The
poor rates in England have been so completed, so
energized and systematized, as to alleviate much
of the trouble threatened from that source. And
then, what we have done in sending oversupplies
has had its effect to stop -the great outcry of Eng-
land in respect to our country.
But there is 110 such system in France. The
tide still rises around the throne of the emperor,
and starvation still stalks around and will demand
some intervention. And if there is any danger of
a dissolution and destruction of these States to
be apprehended to-day, it comes from this very
source—the intervention of the iron hand of this
strange and mysterious Emperor of France. We
have no danger to apprehend from England. Any
gentleman observant of continental politics will at
once see that France and England are every day
growingmore and more jealous of each other, and
have less and less of that close alliance which ex-
isted a year ago; and the result will be that there
will be an entire alienation of feeling between
them,growingoutofthis very American question.
I think, then, there is no argument in urging
the danger of a collision with Great Britain, in
order to,sustain this appropriation of $8,000,000,
when ixll of our defenses can be carried on by
means of our iron-clad boats, for which we have
appropriated some fifty million dollars. Forty-
two millions a friend upon my right says. It
is a large amount, and these iron-clads will ail
be available if Great Britain attacks us, whether
they he built upon the lakes or upon the ocean.
As I said in the beginning, if there is any ne-
cessity tor additional fortifications as against
Great Britain upon our sea-coast in Maine, why
not upon the lakes also? I have for the last six
years voted for these foi tifications.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS. We shall never get through
if tills debate is not checked. I therefore move
that the committee rise, in order to close the de-
bate.
The motion was agreed to.
So tlu; committee rose; and Mr. Dawes having
taken the chair as Speaker fro tempore, Mr. Mc-
Knight reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration, and
especially House bill No. 707, making appro-
priations for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the year ending the 30th of June,
1864, and had come to 110 conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that all debate be
closed on this bill in half a minute after the com-
mittee resumes its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itselfinto the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. McKnight in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration ofthe fortification appropriation bill.
Mr. ALDKICH. I desire to ask one question
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.] 1 wish
to inquire what cffect the vote upon this question
will have upon our relations with the Sioux In-
dians? [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time allowed for de-
bate has expired, and the question is upon the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
to the amendment.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, withdrew his
amendment to the amendment.
Theasaendmentoffered by Mr. Wickuffe was
not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by adding
to the end of the bill the following:
For completing fortifications and erecting new ones, for
the defense of Washington, §200,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report the two bills to the House with a
recommendation that they do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Dawes hav-
ing taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
McKnight reported that the committee had, ac-
cording to order, had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly a bill of the
House (No. 708) making appropriations for the
service ofthe Navy Department for the year ending
June 30, 1864; and a bill ofthe House (No. 707)
making appropriations for the construction, pres-
ervation, and repairs of certain fortifications and
other works of defense for the year endmg30th
of June, 1864, and had directed him to report them
to the House severally, with amendments, with a
recommendation that they do pass.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the unanimous eon-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 486, to provide a national cur-
rency, secured by a pledge of United States stocks,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, and have the same referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. COX and others objected.
FORTIFICATION I!ill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous question
upon House bill No. 707—the fortification bill
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay that bill upon
the table.
Mi. STILES. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers upon the
yeas-and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers upon the
motion to lay upon the table.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion to lay upon the table was not agreed
to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. STILES. I demand the yeas and nays
upon ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was then ordeied to be put.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the biii and
amendments upon the table.
Mr. STILES. Upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay on the table was not agreed to.
