1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
The amendments reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union were then
agreed to.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to call the previous question upon the pas-
sage of the bill, and then let it go over until to-mor-
row.
Mr. STEVENS. We might as well dispose
of the matter to-night.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and beina; engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill; and upon that I call
for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved t<
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAYY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I will state to the House, that
after ordering the main question upon the Navy
appropriation bill we will consent to adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table the Senate bill in reference to the currency,
in order that it may be referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. PENDLETON objected.
Mr. STEVENS. I send to the Clerk's desk an
amendment to the Navy bill, to take the place of
the amendment agreed to by the Committee of the
Whole in reference to the same subject.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has the previous question
been called upon this bill?
Tile SPEAKER pro tempore. It has not.
Mr. MORRIS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now ask for the reading
of my amendment.
The amendment, which was read, was to strike
out the eleventh amendment adopted by the Com*
mittee of the Whole, and to insert in lieu thereof
the following:
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That hereafter, while
this rebellion lasts there shall be one additional midship-
man appointed for each congressional district in the loyal
States, to be nominated by the members and delegates of
the FJouse of Representatives as heretofore ; and the addi-
tional midshipmen lor the next cla-ss *hall be appointed on
the nomination of the members and delegates of this Con-
gress.
Mr. STEVENS. Upon that amendment I de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I would suggest as
a vet bal amendment that the word 44 recommend-
ed" be substituted for the word "nominated."
Mr. STEVENS. I accept that modification.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether he will
allow the House to have a vote which shall test
the question whether we intend to throw out the
boys who are now in that school?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I rise to a question of order.
It is that the amendment proposes a new mode of
appointing cadets to the Naval Academy, and
therefore it is not in order upon this appropria-
tion bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chan* is of
opinion that as the amendment is germane to the
amendment adopted by the Committee of the
"Whole it is m order.
Mr. SEDGWICK. My point is that it pro-
poses new legislation.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is of
opinion that the point comes entirely too late, j
TH?! I-Iouae has received the report of the Com- j
mi dee of the Whole, and the amendment is ger- '
mane to the amendment of the committee. If the '
point had been taken in the committee when the
subject was introduced, it might have been a good
one.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oideied to be put.
And then, on motion nf Mr. STEVENS, (at
a quarter before six o'clock, p. m.,) the House !
adjourned. t
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 13, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal erf*yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of citizens
of Ohio, praying for the establishment of a camp-
hospital and ambulance corps for the proper care
of sick and wounded soldiers; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of citizens
of Lowell, Massachusetts, prayingfora reduction
of the duty on paper; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr, TEN EYCK presented the petition of Ellen
M. Abert, widow of Colonel J. J. Abert, United
States Army, praying for a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILMOT presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying for the establishment
of a camp-hospital and ambulance corps for the
proper care of sick and wounded soldiers; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia,
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented a
memorial of soldiers in the voluntcerservice, pray-
ing for such legislation as will correct alleged ir-
regularities in making out their muster pay rolls,
and that they may receive their pay more promptly
than heretofore; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of merchants
and manufacturers of Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
praying for such modification of the internal rev-
enue law as will provide for a tax upon incomes,
instead of a tax upon manufactures; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts, presented four
petitions of soldiers of the volunteer army, pray-
ing for the establishment of a camp-hospital and
ambulance corps for the proper care of sick and
wounded soldiers; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. LATHAM presented a petition of citizens
of Maine,praying forthe establishment of a camp-
hospital and ambulance corps for the pioper care
of sick and wounded soldiers; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mili-
tia.
Mr. WILKINSON presented resolutionsofthe
Legislature of Minnesota, accepting the donation
of lands by Congress for the endowment of an
agricultural and mechanical college, agreeably to
the provisions of an act approved July 5, 1862;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legislature
of Minnesota, praying that the people ofthat State
may be indemnified at the earliest possible time for
losses sustained by them in the Sioux Indian war
of 1862; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
PAY OP TROOPS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I askthat the joint
resolution No. 118, from the House of Represent-
atives, which has been considered in this body
before, be now taken up and passed. There will
be no discussion. The resolution was before the
Senate three times reported upon by the Military
Committee, and it was only delayed by an amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Powell;] but I presume there will now be no dis-
cussion and no delay.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator from Missouri
will withdraw his motion until I can make a re-
port. It will take but a minute.
Mr. WILSON, of Missouri. I am exceedingly
anxious, I will state to the Senator from Kentucky,
to get this resolution passed. The soldiers in Mis-
souri have been kept out of their pay for some
eighteen months in consequence of the delay in
the passage of this resolution. I should be ex-
ceedingly glad to oblige the Senator under any
other circumstances.
Mr. DAVIS. That is exactly the condition of
my State. ^
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee oftne Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the joint resolution (II. R. No. 118) to
revive an act to secure to the officers and men
actually employed in the Western (h'pr.rtment, or
department of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and
pension, and for other purposes.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed. *
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 499) provid-
ing for stopping the pay of unemployed military
officers and for other purposes, reported it with-
out amendment, and adversely.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, submitted a report to accom-
pany the bill (S. No. 498)^© carry into effect the
fourth article of the treaty of Washington con-
cluded between Great Britain and the United
States on the 19th of August, 1842; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, who were instructed, by a resolution of the
Senate of the 16th of January, to inquire and re-
port whether the publication of the message of the
Governor of the Territory of Utah to the Terri-
torial Legislature has been suppressed, and if so,
bjr what causes, and what was the message, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by the following
resolution:
Resolved, That one thousand copies of the message of the
Governor of Utah to the Territorial Legislature be printed
and sent to the Governor for distribution.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom were referred the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill of the Senate
(No. 311) to amend an act entitled " An act to
provide a temporary government for the Territory
of Colorado," reported a recommendation that the
Senate concur therein.
Mr. DAVIS, from the select committee on
West Virginia claims, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 347) to provide the means and mode
of taking evidence in support of claims in certain
cases against the Government, aske^l to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 478) to provide the
means and mode of taking evidence in support of
claims in certain cases against the Government,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 431) providing for
the appointmentof a commission to examine and
decide upon military claims originating during the
present rebellion in the State of Virginia, west of
the Blue Ridge, prior to the 30th day of Septem-
ber, 18G2, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 162) to authorize
payment of compensation for occupation of prop-
erty by troops of the United States, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of William S.
Grant, representing that supplies furnished by him
for the army in Arizofta under contract with the
War Department were seized by the Texan
forces, and praying for relief, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
the petitioner have leave to withdraw his petition
and papers, with a view to present them to the
Court of Claims; which was agreed to
Mr. COWAN, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom the subject was referred, repoited a bill
(S. No, 526) to authorize the appointment of an
Assistant Treasurer of the United States, and to
fix the pay of the Treasurer, Assistant Treasurer,
clerks, and messengers in the office of theTieas-
urer of the United States; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a petition of inspect
ors of the customs at New York, ptaying for an
increase of pay, reported a bill (S, No. 527) re-
lating to the compensation of inspectors of cus-
toms at the port of New York; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
SOLDIERS OF AFRICAN DESCENT. ^
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom
