,926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
and pay in coin,any interest which may have
accumulated thereon; and the Secretary of the
Treasury may, from time to time, as the exigen-
cies of the public service may require, reissue any
amount of Treasury notes thus authorized, equal
to the amount redeemed, There is to be printed
on the back of the Treasury notes which may be
issued under the provisions of this act the amount
of interest which will have accumulated at the end
of each three months from the date thereof, and
words importing that said notes are a legal tender
in payment of internal duties and ail debts and
demands due to the United States, except duties
on imports, and are receivable for all loans made
to the United States.
The Secretary of the Treasury is also to be
authorized, if required by the exigencies of the
public service, for the payment of the Army and
Navy, and other creditors of the Government, to
issue on the credit of the United States the sum
"of |300,000,000 of United States notes, in such
form as he may deem expedient, not bearing in-
terest, payable to bearer, and of such denomina-
tions, notless than onedollar,as he may prescribe,
which notes so issued are to be lawful money and
a legal tender in payment of all debts, public and
private, within the united States, except for du-
ties on imports and interest on the public debt;
and any of these notes, when returned to the
Treasury, may be reissued from time to time, as
the exigencies of the public service may require.
In lieu of postage and revenue stamps for frac-
tional currency, and of fractional notes, com-
monly called postage currency, issued or to be
issued, the Secretary of the Treasury may issue
fractional notes of like amounts in such form as
he may deem expedient, and may provide for the
engraving, preparation, and issue thereof in the
Treasury Department building; and all such notes
issued are to be exchangeable by the Treasurer,
Assistant Treasurers, and designated depositaries,
for postage and revenue stamps, in sums not less
than three dollars, and receivable in payment of
any dues to the United States less than five dol-
lars, except duties on imports, and they are to be
redeemed on presentation at the Treasury of the
United States in such sums and under such regu-
lations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall pre-
scribe, and be exchangeable at the office of the
Treasurer of the United States, or of any Assist-
ant Treasurer or designated depositary, for Uni-
ted States notes of an equivalent amount. But
the whole amount of fractional currency issued,
including postage and revenue stamps issued as
currency, is not to exceed $50,000,000.
The Secretary of the Treasury is to be author-
ized to receive deposits of gold coin and bullion
with the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer of
the United States in sums not less than twenty
dollars, and to issue certificates therefor in denom-
inations of not less than twenty dollars each, cor-
responding with the denominations of the United
States notes. The coin and bullion deposited for
or representing the certificates of deposit are to be
retained in the Treasury for the payment of the
same on demand. And certificates representing
coin in the Treasury are to be issued in payment
of interest on the public debt, which certificates,
together with those issued for coin and bullion de-
posited, are not at any time to exceed twenty per
cent, beyond the amount of coin and bullion in
the Treasury; and the certificates for coin or bul-
lion in the Treasury are to be received at par in
payment for duties on imports.
The coupon orregisteied bonds,Treasury notes,
and United States notes authorized by this art are
to be in such form as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may direct, and to bear the written or en-
graved signatures of the Treasurer of the United
Status and the Register of the Treasury, and also,
as evidence of lawful issue, the imprint of a copy
of the seal of the Treasury Department, which
imprint is to be made under the direction of the
Secretary, after the notes or bonds shall be re-
ceived from the engravers and before they are
issued; or the notes and bonds may be signed by
the Treasurer of the United States, or for the
Treasurer by such persons as may be specially
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury for
that purpose, and be countersigned by the Regis-
ter of die Treasury, or for the Roister by such
persons as the Secretary of the Treasury may
specially appoint for that purpose; and ail the pro-
visions of the act to authorize the issue of Treas-
ury notes, approved December 23,1857, so far as
they can be applied to this act, and not incon-
sistent therewith, are revived and reenacted.
On and after the 1st of March, 1863, the cou-
pons on all bonds and Treasury notes of the United
States heretofore issued, and which may be issued
under and by virtue of this act, are at any time
within thirty*days before they become respective-
ly due, and at any time after they become due, to
be receivable for customs as coin, under such reg-
ulations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe.
All banks, associations, corporations, or indi-
viduals issuing notes or bills for circulation as
currency, are to be subject to and pay a duty of
one per cent, each-half year from and after April
1, 1863, upon the average amount of circulation
of notes or bills as currency; that is to say: banks,
associations, corporations, or individuals having
a capital of not over $100,000, ninety per cent,
thereof; over $100,000 and not over $200,000,
eighty per cent, thereof; over $200,000 and not
over $300,000, seventy per cent, thereof; over
$300,000 and not over $500,000, sixty percent,
thereof; over $500,000 and not over $1,000,000,
fifty percent', thereof; over $3,000,000 and not
over $1,500,000, forty per cent, thereof; over
$1,500,OOOand notover$2,000,000, thirty percent,
thereof; over $2,000,000, twenty-five per cent,
thereof. In the case of banks with branches, the
duty thus provided for is to be imposed upon the
circulation of the notes or bills of such branches
severally, and not upon the aggregate circulation
of all; and the amount of capital of each branch is
to be considered to be the amount allotted to or
used by such branch. All banks, associations, or
corporations, and individuals issuing or reissuing
notes or bills for circulation as currency after April
1,1863, in sums representing any fractional part of
a dollar, are to be subject to and pay a duty of
five per cent, each half year thereafter upon the
amountof such fractional notes or bills so issued,
and a list or return is to be made and rendered
within thirty days after the 1st of October, ]863,
and each six months thereafter, to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, which shall contain a
true and faithful account of the amount ofdu ties ac-
crued, or which should accrue, on the full amount
of the fractional note circulation and on the aver-
age amount of all other circulation for the six
months next preceding, during the time when such
duties remain unaccounted for.
And there is to be annexed to every list or re-
turn a declaration, under oath or affirmation, to be
made in form and manner as shall be prescribed"
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, of the
president or some other proper officer of the bank,
association, corporation, or individual, respect-
ively, that the same contains a true and faithful
account of the duties which have accrued, or which
should accrue, and not accounted for; and for any
default in the delivery of such list or return, with
such declaration annexed, the bank, association,
corporation, or individual making such default is
to forfeit, as a penalty, $500. And such bank,
association, corporation, or individual upon ren-
dering the list or return, is to pay to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue the amount of the
duties due on such list or return, and in default
thereof will forfeit, as a penalty,$500; and in case
of neglect or refusal to make such list or return,
or to pay the duties, for the space of thirty days
after the time when the list should have been made
or rendered, or when the duties shall have become
due and payable, the assessment and collection is
to be made according to the general provisions
prescribed in an act to provide internal revenue
to support the Government and to pay interest on
the public debt, approved July 1, 1862.
The provisions of the act to provide for the better
organization of the Treasury, and for the collec-
tion, safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement of
the public revenues, approved August 6,1846, is
to be so far modified as to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasuiy, at his discretion, to allow any
money obtained from loans or internal revenue
to be deposited in solvent banks, to the credit of
the Treasurer of the United Stains, upon depoeit-
ing,by the banks, with the Treasurer an amount
of United States bonds or Treasury notes not less
than the deposits respectively, as security for the
payment thereof; and from time to time the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may use such deposits,
by draft or check, to pay any of the creditors of
the Government, or for transfer to the Treasury
or authorized depositories.
Jn order to prevent and punish counterfeiting
and fraudulent-alterations of the bonds, notes,
and fractional currency authorized to be issued
by this act, all the provisions of the sixth and
seventh sections of the act to authorize the issue of
United States notes, and for the redemption or
funding thereof, and for funding the floating debt
of the United States, approved February 25,1862,
so far as applicable, are to apply to the bonds,
notes, and fractional currency, authorized to be
issued by this actyin like manner as if the sixth
and seventh sections were adopted as additional
sections of this act; and the provisions and pen-
alties of the sixth and seventh sections are to
extend and apply to all officials of the Treasury
Department engaged in engraving and preparing
the bonds, notes, and fractional currency thus
authorized to be issued, and to all official and
unofficial persons in any manner employed under
the provisions of this act. And the sum of
$600,000 is to be appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
enable the Secretary of the Treasury to carry
this act into effect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The amendments reported from the
Committee on Finance will be first acted on. They
will be read in their order.
The Secretary read the first amendment of the
Committee on Finance, which was in line nine
of section one, to strike out "twenty," and in-
sert "such periods as may be fixed by the Sec-
retary, not less than five nor more than forty j"
so as to read:
Coupon, or registered bonds, payable at the pleasure
of the Government after such periods as may be fixed by
the Secretary, not less than five, nor more than forty years
from date, in rin.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen of
section one, after the word "payable'' to insert
"on bonds not exceeding $100 annually, and on
all other bonds;" so that the clausc will read:
Bearing interest at a rate not exceeding ?ix per cent, per
annum, payable on bonds not exceeding $100, annually, arid
on ail other bonds semi-annually, in coin.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighteen in the
same section, after the word " indebtedness," to
insert the words " or deposit;" so as to make the
clause read:
And he may, in his discretion, dispose of such bonds at
any time upon such terms as he may deem most advisable,
for lawful mom'y of the United States, or for any of the cer-
tificates of indebtedness or deposit that may at any time be
unpaid, or for any of the Treasury note§ heretofore issued
or which may be issued under the provisions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
" notes," in line twenty-one of section one, to in-
sert " or United States notes;" so as to read:
Al I the bonds and Treasury notes or United States notes
issued under the provisions of this act shall be exempt,
&c.
Mr. POWELL. I hope that amendment will
not prevail. The object of that is to prevent the
States from taxing the bank notes that may be
issued.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; only the United
States notes. •
Mr. POWELL. Well, 5 will allow it to pass.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "All the bondsandTreas-
ury notes or United States notes issued under the
provisions of this act" is the language.
Mr. POWELL. I will move to strike itall out
at some future time, so that the States may have
the right to tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hardly think the Senate
will consent to allow United States stock to be
taxed by State authority.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"State," in line twenty-three of section one, to
insert " or municipal;" so as to read, "exempt
from taxation by or under State or municipal au-
thority."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, after
the word " notes,"in line four, to insert the words
"payable at such time or times not exceeding
three years from date as the Secretary may de-
termine, and." v
The amendment was agreed to.
