THE GOJSTGRESSIGJSTAL GLOBE.
February 13.
the^-fst of Aj>rifc, 1865, and then a. tax of two per
cent, after that time, allowing the hanks a little
opportunity r>f investing their money in the batik
system proposed "by the Government in the bill
we passed yesterday; and to this I understand
thftre is no objection.
Mr, COLLAIV3ER. I have objection to it.
■Mr. CLAKK. I supposfed the Senator would
ftOt have arty objection to amending the amend-
ment of the committee in this way. His objec-
tion is to striking out the clause of the bill as it
stands. I propose, in the first instance, to move
to amend the amendment«of the committee, and
then the que^ion will come between the amend-
ment as amended and the bill itself. This will
be better than the committee's amendment.
Mr. .SHERMAN. I believe the proposition
is not amendable; but I wish to suggest that I
fear it will only cover the notes issued during the
six months, and outstanding at the end of the six
months.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then simply say "amount
©f bills and notes outstanding."
Mr. SHERMAN. That would cover it.
*Mr. CLARIC. I have no objection to so modi-
fying the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is modified by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire according to the suggestion of the Senator
froyn Ohio.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to be informed whether
if this amendment be adopted, it will be suscept-
ible of being amended afterwards?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question will then
come between that and the original section as
proposed by the House of Representatives.
Mr. GRIMES. TheamendmentoftheSenator
from New Hampshire, 1 understand, is not
amendable.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Itisnot. Itis
an amendmentjn the second degree, and is there-
fore not open to amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to increase the amount
of tax-on these banks in some way. As it now
stands, as I understand,! am compelled to select
between the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire and the House bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire being
an amendment to an amendment, is not now open
for further amendment. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire
to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. GRIMES. I think that is a question of
miriicient importance to divide the Senate, to de-
termine what shall be the amount of tax levied
on the bank issues. I therefore ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state in a few words
precisely the effect of it, and then it will be un-
derstood. Thirt section of the House bill, it will
be noticed, established a sliding scale; they im-
posed a tax on the circulation of banks exceeding
& certain amount. It is not necessary to go into
the details of that. The Committee on Finance
of the Senate adopted a different principle. They
struck out the sliding scale, and proposed to im-
pose a tax of two per cent, after a given time—
that is, after the 1st day of April next—upon the
amount of the circulation outstanding. The
proposed amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire changes that amendment by making
the tax one per cent, after the 1st of April for two
years, and after that two per cent. Instead of
putting on two per cent, at once, it leaves it for
two years at one per cent., and then puts on the
tax of two per cent. It will be remembered that
in the bill wo passed yesterday there was a tax
of two per cent, imposed on the circulation of the
banks provided for by that bill. It was at first
thought that it would be essential to make the
tax on the Stat'; circulation the same, in ordci to
accomplish the object of that act. On reflection
and consultation, however, we being exceedingly
desirous not to impose an onerous burden upon
the State banks, but to give them time to wind up '
their affairs properly, and at the same time to es-
tablish something like equality between the two,
it has been concluded to reduce that tax for two
years. It was supposed that the new circulation
had such privileges that if the State banks chose
to accept that bill, they could do so within two
years,and that might equalize the currency. That
is the simple state of the case. The simple ques-
tion before the Senate is, will you put on two per
cent, now, or one percent, for two years, and two
per eent. afterwards ? It will then remain to be
decided, after that question is taken, whether the
amendment shall then be adopted or the original
section stand as it was sent to us by the House
of Representatives.
Mr. HARRIS. I cheerfully, cordially sup-
ported the banking bill that was passed by the
Senate yesterday. 1 did so because it was a meas-
ure of the Ad ministration,without which the head
of the financial Department of the Government
thought he could not carry on the financial affairs
of the Government. I did not feel at liberty to
vote against his measure. But, sir, I have a large
constituency, including the most influential and
patriotic men of the nation, who are deeply in-
terested in this question. To them, perhaps I
may say to my State generally, it is by far^the
most important question that has been presented
to this Congress.
In reference to the particular question before
the Senate, while I agree that it is better that one
per cent, even for two years should be imposed
upon the locafbanks, the State banks, than two
per cent., yet, sir, in the shape in which this
amendment is presented, I sha'l vote against it;
and I do so for this reason: the amendment as it
stands is equivalent to a declaration of hostility
against our State institutions; and 1 do not intend
to vote forany proportion that involves that con-
sequence. It is equivalent to saying to the banks
"you have two years to wind up your affairs;
but take notice that at the end of two years we
impose on you such a tax that you can no longer
survive." I will vote for no such proposition as
that. If within two years this experiment—for I
regard itas nothing butan experiment—shall suc-
ceed, the State banks will wind up as a matter of
course; but I do not propose here to give them
notice to quit, and I shall vote against this prop-
osition because it involves in itself a declaration
that Congress means that the State banks shall
wind up their affairs. We are not-ready to do
that, sir. Our State banks have sustained the
Government nobly and patriotically. They have
been the Rothschilds and the Barings to whom we
have gone for our funds in order to carry on this
war. Without them we never could have succeed-
ed. Lookback awhile. When Congress met in
July, 1861, we found our financial affairs in the
utmost embarrassment. We passed a bill author-
izing a loan of $250,000,000. What was done?
Where did we get the funds? The Secretary of
the Treasury went to New York with trembling.
The bankers there met him nobly, generously,
and provided him with the means of carrying on
the Government. The banks of the city of New
Yoik alone placed in his hands $105,000,000, near-
ly double the amount of their capital; and at this
day the banks of the State of iNew York alone
hold one hundred and fifty percent, of their cap-
ital in the stocks of the United States; and here
we are declaring hostility against these institu-
tions, the very institutions from which we have
derived our pecuniary support during the exist-
ence of this rebellion. I shall vote against this
proposition, not but that it is better temporarily, I
admit, but because it involves hostility against
the State institutions.
Mr, CLARIC. 1 agree with very much that
has been said by the Senator from New York, It
is very true that the banks of the country, the
banks of his State, and the banks of New Eng-
land, came forward nobly to support the Govern-
ment when it needed their aid. They aided the
Government, not only by making loans to the
Government itself, but they aided the Government
by aiding the State governments. 1 do not hesitate
to say that the Governor of my State could not
have sent the quota of Now Hampshire in the field
without the aid of the banks. When it was pro-
posed to raise the volunteers, and put them into
the field, and the question of money was raised,
the banks at once said to the Governor, " draw
upon us to any amount, and we will furnish you
with funds." They did furnish the funds nobly,
and the troops were raised promptly.
It is for the very purpose of saving the banks,
if 1 can, from being crushed that I propose this
amendment to the committee's amendment. If
the amendment of the committee be adopted, as
they recommend it to the Senate, two per cent, is
imposed at once upon the circulation of these
banks which have so liberally furnished the Gov-
ernment with aid,and those banks must be crushed.
If it be true, as i am told it is, that the schcme of
the Secretary of the Treasury is absolutely ne-
cessary for carrying on the(jrovernment, I am will-
ing that time should be given to these banks to
change their system of finance and management,
and'come into the scheme of the Government; but
I do not stand here to say that even the banks of
my State or the banks of the State of New York,
nor any other interest, short of the well-being of
the people themselves-—and 1 mean the whole peo-
ple—shall put themselves in array against the
welfare of this Government. Let the Government
stand, though other interests perish. I want to aid
the interest which has supported the Government,
and still supports the Government. I therefore
ask for time, for two years, for these banks to put
themselves intoaposition to come into the scheme
of the Secretary of the Treasury or of the Gov-
ernment, and thus to aid it. I think everybody
will see that we cannot have the two going §n suc-
cessfully to the extent to which they have been
going; that is, we cannot have the Government
throwingoutTreasury notes and the banks throw-
ing out their circulation. One or the other must
be somewhat restricted as the wants and interests
of the country may seem to demand. I ask the
Senator from New York if it is not the better
way, if it is not the part of good sense, to give
these banks time to wind up, if they must wind
up; and then afterwards will come the question
between the banks and the Government, and
whether we shall lay the two per cent, after the
two years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Senator
from New York is exceedingly generous in his
support of the Government. He is willing to
establish the new system because itis necessary,
in his judgment, to support the Government; but
he is not willing to put it into operation for fear it
will injuriously affect private interests. He will
allow me to say that is a very poor way to accom-
plish the object he has so much at heart. Why,
sir, the very essence of this scheme is gradually
to substitute a new kind of circulation; and in or-
der to accomplish that purpose gradually, it must
take the place of the circulation of the State banks.
If you put a tax on the new circulation, as you
do, and leave the present circulation to go with-
out burden, it contends at an advantage, and a
very great advantage, with the now circulation;
and consequently you relieve nobody, neither the
Government nor anybody else; nothing is accom-
plished by it. Therefore, when the Senator voted
yesterday for the bank scheme, and made up his
mind that he would impose no burden upon tha
banks themselves asatpresentexisting, but leave
them to stand as they were, he resolved that the
bank scheme which he voted for should not oper-
ate at all, or at such a disadvantage that it can
accomplish nothing. He will allow me to say,
most respectfully, that that is not attaining his
own object.
The leading idea, as I understand it, is to sub-
stitute a new currency, which shall be universal,
which shall have the credit of the Government,
and enable the Government in some degree to have
the advantage in the money market. All the op-
erations of the Secretary of the Treasury in that
direction, as he tells us, are effectually prevented
by the fact that the local institutions of the States
can at any moment do wiiat they please with ref-
erence to his operations by flooding the country
with their currency,as it may be called, and thus
obstructing the purposes of which he has spoken
in his report, and which I shall not repeat. He
proposes, therefore, this banking scheme, and at
the same time the laying on of suoh burdens upon
the existing banks as will not destroy them, not
necessarily embairass them, but will make it for
their interest to turn their capital into this new
channel. That is the object; that is the very es-
sence of the scheme itself; and in order to do it,
you must impose some sort of a burden upon them.
The bill of the House of Representatives, as it ori-
ginally stood, wusframed without reference to the
bank scheme, was framed rather in antagonism
with it, because it is peifectly manifest that this
sliding scale in the House bill can have no bene-
ficial effect. The Finance Committee of the Sen-
ate—my friend from Vermont [Mr. Collamer]
dissented altogether from it—adopted the bank
