THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGKESS. PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. BIVE3. WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1803.
New Series No. 59.
scheme so far as to report it, and to let the Senate
judge whether or not it was a good one; and they
at the same time, as a part and parcel of the same
scheme, as I view it, adopted the tax of two per
cent, upon the banking circulation, striking out
the sliding scale. Upon one of those measures the
Senate has acted; upon the other it proposes to
act. If you are to leave the sliding scale as it ori-
ginally stood in the bill, and strike off all tax upon
the circulation below that named in that scale, the
result is we just accomplish nothing by the opera-
tion. It was for the reason that 1 believed, and
others believed, who originally were favorable
to this two per cent, tax, that the same object
might be accomplished in another way, and the
banks without any injury might be made to help
the Government while they are turning their cap-
ital to this new channel, that I consented to this
change, which 1 believe to be an entirely safe and
sound proceeding. But, sir, on the proposition of
the Senator from New York, if we are not to have
any tax at all on the banks, but leave them as they
are, in my judgment we should be just precisely
where we were before; and that is the judgment
of the committee. I doubt whether even my friend
from Vermont, strongly as he feels on this sub-
ject, would have much doubt or hesitation on that
point.
Why, sir, this sliding scale tax is nothing in
reality, and it accomplishes nothing. A calcula-
tion has been made showing, if I rightly recollect,
that it allows the banks of the State of New York
to-day to issue about $17,000 more than they have
in circulation at the present time.
Mr. HARRIS. Seventeen millions-
Mr. FESSENDEN. Seventeen thousand each.
1 have seen the calculation made from the returns.
Take the actual amount of circulation of the banks
of New York to-day, and then establish a sliding
scale upon it, and each one of them can issue, put-
ting them upon an equality, $17,000 more than
they do at this moment. They have not got up to
the point where they are to be taxed at ail.
Mr. HARRIS. Let me explain to the Senator
from Maine how that is. In the abstract it is true,
but practically ins untrue. Tin* large banks in the
city of New York, with millions of capital, use no
circulation. The circulation is in the country.
Strike out those who use no circulation, and the
statement would be incorrect; if you take those
in the account the statement would be correct.
In the abstract it is true, but practically it is un-
true.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I include them all, and
then take the average. There are some few of
them which would pay a slight tax; but the great
mass, even of the country banks, do not come to
the maximum that is established in that sliding
scale before they are to pay a tax at all; and there
is hardly a bank m New England, in my opinion,
that would pay a tax under it. It leaves the mat-
ter just about where it is now; so that although it
appears to be something to the eye, and strikes
the ear as if it were something, it is nothing in
reality.
I have never been carried very much away, or
deluded with this idea of a very great over-circu-
lation. I do not think, as a general rule, that the
bunks go far beyond a safe circulation, or what
is needed for the absolute want? of the country.
But gentlemen may just as well understand with
reference to this matter, it is designed as a pres-
sure, to a certain extent, upon the banks, and such
apressure asshall not injure them, but shall make
it for their interest, as they will see it is for then-
interest, to come into this arrangement, and help
to give the country a uniform currency. The two
ideas of the honorable Senator from New York
cannot coexist. We must abandon either one
project or the other. They cannot go olon.g to-
gether, for as long as the local banks may issue
their currrency as they see fit, the others will not,
and the main objcctcannot be accomplished. The
only question then remaining is, if this is a valu-
able pin pose, if it will essentially aid the Govern-
ment, if the Secretary of the Treasury tolls the
ti uth when he says from his experience it it* the on! v
59
thing which will enable him, taking these measures
together, to meet the pressure upon the Treasury
at this time,and accomplish thegreat objects which
we have in view—if that is all true, then, sir, you
cannot divide this matter, and take one half of it
and leave the other. You cannot accomplish the
two objects; one or the other must be given up.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator from Maine looks
upon this question from a very different point of
view than I do. He assumes that the State banks
are to be exterminated, and lie argues from that
point. So does the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. He also assumes that the State banks are
ultimately to be exterminated. The difference be-
tween the two propositions is, that as the Com-
mittee on Finance have reported the bill, it would
extinguish the banks suddenly; whereas the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire proposes to administer
to them n lingering death. Both, however, con-
template the extei mination of the State banks.
Sir, I think we have got war enough on our hands.
I think it is enough for us at present to extermin-
ate the rebellion, without undertaking to exterm-
inate the State banks, as proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Now, sir, I understand that the Secretary of the
Treasury would be very glad indeed to have the
State banks come in underthis scheme of his. I
understand he would be very glad to have the State
banks put under such a pressure as that they
would feel constrained to come in under this sys-
tem; but 1 understand also that the Secretary of
the Treasury has sufficient confidence in his bank-
ing scheme to suppose that if it is made volun-
tary, and not compulsory, that ultimately he can
bring it into general use. I understand he is will-
ing to try the experiment without forcing the State
banks to surrender their State charters and come
in under this general system for a national cur-
rency. It is in that view that I support his sys-
tem; that it is a voluntary system of banking,
which may be adopted in some of the States and
not in others; that it is not necessarily a hostility
to the State institutions; and I shall give no vote
here which shall be equivalent to a declaration of
war against the State banks. I do not think we
can stand it. I do not think wo can afford to go
into a contest with the State banking institutions
of the northern States. I think New England,
New York, and some of the other States would,
to a man, combine against such a system as that;
and we cannot afford to provoke such hostility.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from New York argues that you must pro-
tect the State banks in any event. Sir, what is the
issue upon which we are voting5 It is whether
we will protect the State banks or save this nation
from destruction. That is the question we are
voting upon now. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury informs us that he is in extremis; that he re-
quires this great measure to be passed to enable
him to run the Government, to enable him to pay
your soldiers, to enable him to furnish your Army
with subsistence. He informs you that he can-
not get along without this help, and nuw what
does the Senator from New York say? That we
have got one war on hand, and we must not have
another.
The Senator, it seems to me, misapprehends
this whole question. He misapprehends the inter-
ests of ins constituents and of the banks in New
York and New England. What will be the fate of
those batiks if this Government goes down r Is
it not better that these banks should divide one
or two per cent, less for the two next coming
years than that they should be destroyed, princi-
pal and interest, before that time comes round?
What becomes of your banks if this Government
goes down? What becomes of the banks in Al-
bany? A bank with a capital of §>200,000 has,
perhaps, ^300,000 on deposit, $150,000 of cnxu-
iation, and five or six hundred thousand dollars
m loans. If you let this Government go down,
the greenbacks, which are a legal tender, will
sweep away your principal and youi interest. I
would not give a buiss faithing for all the banks
in rill the northern States if yon lose your Gov-
ernment. Sir, will you not vote to sustain your
Government even although you do reduce the div-
idends upon your bank shares one or two per cent,
for a year or two? It is a question larger than
banks; it is a question larger than any local issue;
it is a question of national existence; nothing,
more, nothing less. I would vote to-day to dou-
ble this tax rather than to lessen it. The Gov-
ernment requires this vacuum in which to place
its own paper, and I would vote an absolute pro-
hibitory tax. I would take possession of this
great circulating medium to which we certainly
have a right. I would take possession of it dur-
ing the continuance of this war, and say to the
banks, you shall not occupy it until peace is re-
tored.
Mr. HARRIS. I concur with the Senator
from Michigan that if this Government goes
down, if we fail in this great struggle, our banks
will be worth very little. I agree that that is
true; but that is not the question. The question
is, whether or not we shall by our legislation
strangle these banks now; whether or not we
shall declare hostility against them, and drive
them out of existence. I am in favor of taxing
the banks. 1 am in favor of imposing upon these
institutions all they can bear, even though it di-
minishes their dividends to a large extent. I go
for taxing the banks as much as they can bear
towards the support of this Government; and
there is no class of men in the community, if I
understand them aright, who will more patriot-
ically meet that tax. They have done nobly thus
far, all concede. They have supported theGov-
ernment with a patiiotism which Is almost un-
paralleled. The batiks in the large cities have
invested more than the amount of their capital in
Government securities for the purpose of aiding
the Government. They arc ready now to sub-
mit to a tax, so far as they can bear it and live.
Hut, sir, the project here is to extinguish these
banks. The Senator from Michigan does not
meet that question in his aigument. I am pre-
pared to vote for any tax on banks which they
can endure; but he desires to extinguish them.
Mr. CHANDLER. Notatall. T do noLpro-
pose to touch their capital, or to make one single
movement towards extinguishing them. The
practical working of the legal tender currency has
been this: the banks thioughout the countiy
have sold their com at a very large premium, anci
then commenced banking upon your legal tender
notes. They take $25,000 of your legal tender
notes, and upon that $25,000 they issue $100,000
of their own promises to pay. I simply propose
to leave them with their capital; nothing more,
nothing less. I propose, if they insist upon thus
thrusting their promises to pay upon the market,
that they shall be taxed,and taxed liberally. We
do not touch their capital. We do not tax their
capital. We tax their circulation, which we think
we are entitled to do and which we mean to do.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. Piesident, I am aware
that, from the position I have takf n in relation to
this scheme and the vote taken yesterday, I am
voted outofthe ling. I understand that; but after
all I choose to play out the play.
The idea which is presented by the Senator
from Michigan on this present topic seems to me
not to be reconcilable from his aspect of viewing
it. The House bill is intended to be a remedy for
the grand point of complaint of the Secretary of
the Treasury and the point of the complaint of the
Senator from Michigan, and it is this: it is said
that the banks,since the suspension of specie pay-
ments, have issued a great deal of currency be-
cause they do not have to redeem it, and that that
issue prevents die Government from enculating
United States Treasury notes, takes their place,
thrusts them outof use.
But, sir, what I was about to say was for the
consideration of the Senate. 1 see that nobody
pays any sort of attention to it, and therefore X
do not choose to go on.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I am opposed
to the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Finance to this section of the bill. It is carrying*
