9S0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
out what we supposed .yesterday would b* the re- >
suit of the bank bill then passed. The Senator
from Michigan seems to think that this is a ques-
tion upon which depends the perpetuity of the
Government. With great deference to the Sena-
tor, I differ from Kim. I cannot see how the per-
petuity of the Government is to be affected by tax-
ation to drive out of existence the issue of these
local banks, and substitute for it a currency less
valuable. Sir, in my opinion the strength of the
Government, so far as its finances are concerned,
will be increased or diminished as the currency, by
your legislation, is made worse or better. It is a
fact well known that the notes of the local banks
which will be strickcn down if this amendment
of the Committee on Finance shall be adopted,
will be driven outof circulation, and a worse cur-
rency will besubstituted. The currency proposed
to be driven out is to-day three per cent, more val-
uable than the currency that is to redeem the notes
of the banks proposed to be established by the
bill of yesterday.
Mr. CHANDLER, The Senator has repeated
over and over again upon this floor that our na-
tional currency was less valuable in the State of
Kentucky than their local bank circulation. It
may be so there, and perhaps it is so further
south; but in no loyal State, and among no loyal
peuple, is it so, nor can it he so.
Mr. POWELL. Well, sir, I do not know
about that, i know it is so in the State of New
York, and in the city of New Yoik.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; it is not so.
Mr. POWELL. It was so reported in the
newspapers of yesterday, and I have been so in-
formed by bankers from the city of New York;
and 1 suppose they ought to know as much about
the currency in their own city as the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will say to the Senator
from Kentucky thtct 1 think there are as many
and worse traitors in the city of New York than
than there are in some of the cities of the southern
confederacy.
Mi. POWELL. I shall not enter into a con-
troversy with the Senator about the loyalty of the
people of New York. I daro say they arc as loyal
hm the Senator dares claim to be. I am not going
to discuss that matter.
What I have stated in regard to the value of
the local bank currency is well known to the coun-
tiy. Why, sir, 1 read to the Senate the day be-
fore yesterday the price at which this money was
selling in the city of New York, and it was two
end a half per cent, niemium an quoted; and a
imnkei fiorn that city told me it was three the
evening « *' that day. It is better, and will ever
remain better, in my judgment. What is the con-
dition of those benlcs, and what will be the con-
dition of the currency you propose to issue under
the bill passed yesterday? Wo have an expose of
ihe condition of one of the banks of Kentucky that
has been presented by my colleague to the Sen-
ate. ! have it in my pocket now, and i have read
the reports from other banks there. You may
take the entire banks of the Commonwealth of
Kentucky, and from the exhibit they make it is
clear beyond doubt that they have enough gold
ami silver in their vaults, with the other moneys
they have and the debts due them, to redeem every
dollar of their issues m gold and silver or its equiv-
alent. That is a fact about which there can be no
dispute. The exhibits of the banks clearly show
it, and I believe such is the condition of the banks
in New York, Massachusetts, and other States.
As far as I have seen them, they make very nearly
Mich exhibits.
The Senator thinks the country will be ruined,
and that Mr. Chase must fail m his financial
schemes, unless we drive that currency out, and
.substitute in its place a currency upon which you
cannot demand a dollar in com, a currency that
is issued upon a United States bond, which is at
this day at a discount of some forty per cent, and
redeemable alone m currency that is thirty or forty
per cent, discount. That is the fact; and yet the
Senator thinks the Government will be ruined un-
less you drive out a better currency and substi-
tute a worse. That is the whole of the argument.
Sir, tf you wish to uphold the credit of ihe coun-
try, reserve to the people and the Govornmentthe
very bvst currency possible; and the best possible
in tins juncture is that of the solvent State banks.
About that I do not think there can be a doubt.
But, sir, the Senator expects to carry this bill
through—and this part of it is but the finishing up
of the bank bill that passed yesterday—by con-
stant appeals to Senators to sustain the Govern-
ment. He tells us that Mr. Chase says he can-
not get along with the finances unless we adopt
this tax that will drive the bank circulation out
and substitute the bank currency indicated in the
bill which passed this body yesterday. Sir, we
are not to be frightened by the vagaries of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. We claim to know some-
thingaboutfinanceourselves;and we should know
very little if we did not know that the currency
proposed by the Secretary's plan is worse than
that which he attempts by the bill of yesterday
and the one now before us to destroy. We are
as much entitled to our judgment as the Secretary
is to his. if Mr. Chase cannot get along, let him
resign, and let somebody else come in and take
his place. I think it can be demonstrated that his
whole policy at the head of the finance Depart-
ment has been a blunder from beginning to end.
Yes, sir, his whole financial policy in my judg-
ment has been a blunder. He has got the cur-
rency now in a state from which it will be exceed-
ingly difficult to relieve it; and by this policy he
is getting deeper and deeper in financial difficul-
ties, from which he never, never can extricate him-
self unless he abandons this policy of trashy paper
money issued upon depreciated bonds redeemable
in depreciated issues. In my judgment, we must
avoid all that policy before we can establish the
currency upon anything like a solid, sound basis.
The object, as was suggested in the debate yes-
terday and the two days previous upon the bank
bill, is to destroy the State banks. Those State
banks have stood patriotically and firmly by the
Government. They have given all the aid in their
power to sustain it. The banks in my State were
liberal in furnishing money to provide the armies
raised there for the Union. They were so in the
State of New York and other States; and these
very agencies by which you armed and brought
into the field the first men, and many of those
brought in since, you now wish to destroy. Let
me tell you, Senators, when you accomplish that
you will have done a thing that will be of incal-
culable evil to the country.
I hope this bill, or the section of it that is now
under consideration, may be allowed to remain
precisely as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives. It now only taxes the redundant is-
sues. That is proper. If the banks make more
issues than they ought, the issues they make over
and above the amount they should issue should
be heavily taxed. I do not care if you tax the
redundant or over issues to prohibition, if you
please.
Rut the Senator says these banks ought to pay
their share of taxes. Why, sir, they do so now.
I believe these banking institutions are taxed in
your internal tax bill as other interests are taxed.
It is all right and proper that they should be; but
they should not be taxed more than other inter-
ests. I do hope, sir, that the section may be
allowed to remain as it came from the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Senator
from Kentucky has very peculiar notions, as it
seems to me, of the proper mode of sustaining the
Government in its extremity. Helms also very
peculiar notions, as we all know, of the proper
mode of putting down the rebellion. He is a very
loyal man. He tells us so. It is not for me to
dispute his assertion. Pie is opposed to the rebel-
lion. He tells us so. I cannot dispute it. He is
in favor of sustaining the Governmentas a whole,
and keeping the country together. He tells us so;
and 1 cannot dispute that either, for he knows
best; and what ho asserts, of course I am bound
to take for truth.
But, sir, let us look for a single moment at the
mode in which he professes to accomplish these
objects. Rebels take possession of our property.
They seize our fortifications. They attack our
capital. They determine to divide our country,
and to destroy the Government. " It is all wrong,"
says the honorable Senator from Kentucky. " I
am opposed to that; but I would not fight them.
They are in arms; let them remain in arms. They
have stolen our property; let them keep it. They
are attacking our capital; let them take it. They
are dividing the country in twain; let them divide
it. It is all wrong. I want to keep it all together;
but do not roise a hand against them." That is
his mode of suppressing the rebellion; und he is
a loyal man. 6o he says. Of course he is.
Mr. POWELL. Q,uite as loyal as the Senator
from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say so, sir. I do not dis-
pute it. I only say we differ as to the mode in which
we would suppress the rebellion. I would defend
the country; I would defend and protect the capi-
tal; I would recover the public property; I would
take back the fortifications; 1 would not allow the
free States to be overrun by savages, for many of
them are little better. The Senator would allow
them to do all this; for, he says, he would not raise
a hand or pay a dollar to prevent it. He has been
opposed to the war from the beginning; and he has
voted persistently, if I recollect aright, against
every bill that has been brought in here with ref-
erence to putting the country in a condition to
defend itself—I mean by raising money.
Now, what is his mode of obtaining means and
placing means in the hands of the Government
to accomplish this? He is opposed to all these
schemes of finance. Why ? Because the Govern-
ment ought to pay in gold; they ortght never to
lesort to paper; paper money is a banc, a curse;
never resort to it; pay gold; keep up the currency
of the country on its original standard. The Sen-
ator does not know, hecannotknow, of course he
cannot know that that is an impossibility. Every-
body else does know that in time of war it could
not be done; that coin enough to accomplish the
purpose could not be obtained on any terms or
m any way; that the thing is not possible in the
very nature of the circumstances themselves;
and yet the Senator says he would not resort to
paper. He would defend the Government by at-
tempting what is impossible as to means, and by
doing nothing. That is the proposition to which
he brings us. He is willing to do that to defend
the country which cannot be done, provided that
when you accomplish an impossibility you do
not use the means. That is the Senator's remedy;
and I ask him respectfully whether it does not
amount to that, and that only ?
Mr. POWELL. Does the Senator want an an-
swer ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. POWELL. I will answer that with a great
deal of pleasure. The Senator from Maine says
that 1 have been all the time for paying gold.
Why, sir, the Senator is very much mistaken.
I think he ought to have known better than that.
I said yesterday, or the day before, that I thought
the wiser and better policy would have been to
repeal that part of the sub-Treasury law which
required the receipts and disbursements to be made
in coin, and to substitute that of the local solvent
banks. I have said that over and over agam to
the Senate. 1 have said it to the Senator privately;
I have said it in my place in the Senate; and yet
the Senator says that I am for paying all in gold.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What, then, does the
Senator mean by saying 
Mr. POWELL. Let me answer this question
first, if you please.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. POWELL. I said, further, that they were
required to keep in their vaults a certain amount
of coin as security in favor of the note-holders. I
tooknogroundagainstissuingbankpaper. I have
contended all the while that the Government should
have used the paper of the State banks, should
have received it in payment of its public dues,
and should have paid it out. That was my prop-
osition. I never did and never have advocated
that in time of war you should pay coin alto-
gether; but I have advocated, and I expect to
continue to advocate, that if you issue bank paper
you must base it upon something which will not
leave it worthless trash in the hands of the peo-
ple; that you should issue it upon some basis that
will insure the holders of the bill, in case of the
winding up of the institution, some probability
of getting the value of that which they hold. That
has been my position all the time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me ask the Senator
a question. He says we should use bank paper
for all the expenses of the Government. How
are you to buy this paper, or how are you to get
it? Suppose they will not let you have it.
Mr. POWELL. You can get it justas you got
gold. Suppose those who have got gold will not
let you have it. How will you get that? Why,
sir, if you take bank paper in payment of the pun-
