934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
itself, a peaceful, an easy, and a sure method of
redressing maladministration. Under this form
of government, if I have not terribly mistaken it,
he who raises the standard of rebellion and revolt
against an inexpedient or an unjust measure, he
who raises the standard of revolt against an un-
constitutional measure, is not one whit less guilty
than he who raises it against a wise or a consti-
tutional measure. So much upon those points.
Mr. President, I listened with considerable in-
terest to the explanation offered by the Senator
from Kentucky of the reason why the notes of
two banking corporations within the State of Ken-
tucky are considered by her population worth
some throe per cent, move than the notes issued
by the Government of the United States. The
Senator evidently thought, as he said, that the
explanation was complete and ought to be satis-
factory. To me, I must confess it was not. I
admit that the statement presented here of the
condition of these two corporations shows them
to be eminently deserving, as private banks, of
the confidence of the people of Kentucky. I do
not wonder that the people take their notes with
great freedom. I admit that the fact that one of
those banks has but $1,200,000 worth of notes in
circulation, and has $1,200,000 of coin in her
vaults, shows a most healthy and a most wealthy
and prosperous state of heraffairs. Do you think
that, however,compared with the condition of the
Republic to-day, is a magnificent showing? Re-
member, not a citizen who holds a note of one of
these banks can get a dollar of coin, but they have
ii there locked up in their vaults. They have the
means to redeem eveiy obligation they have issued,
and that constitutes the credit of the banks. It is
enough to constitute the credit of a bank. We,
the Republic, have $300,000,000 of notes in cir-
culation. How does that compare with the coin
we have in our vaults?—I do not mean in the
Treasury; they are not onr deposits. How docs
that compare with the gold we have got in our
Vaults?
Mr. DAVIS. Will my honorable friend permit
me to inten upt him for a moment ? I ask my hon-
orable friend if in the revolutionary war theie was
not Government paper issued, both by the Gen-
eral Governmentund the State governments; and
whether the amount that was thus issued bore a
greater proportion to the aggregate wealth of the
States at that time than what is proposed to be
issued now in the form of legal tender notes and
bonds would bear to the present amount of the
wealth and population of the United States? *
Mr. HOWE. Let me concede that it would
not, what is the point, of the mquii y ?
Mr. DAVIS. The pointisthis: that that paper,
both continental and State, ran down to nothing,
and became of no value.
Mr. HOWK, And what then >
Mr. DAVIS. Why, that it whs notasufe basis
for banking; and I think that is enough for now
and then both.
Mr. HOWE. " Not a safe basis for banking!"
No, Fir. What, then, is the ground of the distrust
of tin- loyal people of Kentucky? Not. that the
Republic has not the ability to redeem all her ob-
ligations; but. that she is not going to be willing,
or that she is not going to continue her existence,
but will have to wind up her affairs. Is that it?
Do they distrust the mtegiity of the Republic, or
do they distrust the permanency of the Republic?
If either of the latter, while I make no attack upon
the loyalty of the people of Kentucky; while I
avow here, as I have avowed, that I believe in it,
for 1 know U has hem deciied as the loyalty of
the people of moat of our States has not been, I
submit to my honorable fuend if he will not ad-
mit that the very statement of such a case as that
would be some ground of suspicion upon her loy-
alty. If she hesitates to ti ust the faith of the Re-
public and take its obligations, because either she
does not believe in its integrity, m its truth, m
its honor, or because she does not believe in its
permanency, is it not some ground to suspect that
iiei faith is not es abiding as his and mine, and
her resolution to stand by the Republic to the sac-
rifice of everything else, to say the least, a little
doubtful :
Mr. DAVIS. I wiii ans\vr tlie question. The
opinion and belief of Kentucky is, that a system
of banking upon a specie basis is a better and safer
system than banking upon Government bonds
thM ire not convertible into gold and silver and
that do not profess to be convertible into gold and
silver.
Mr. HOWE. I should suppose that the State
of Kentucky was in agreement with all the world
with such a proposition as that; but that is not
the financial fact about which we are discussing.
The financial fact that we are discussing is, that
they have two kinds of paper there, neither of
which is convertible into coin, and the one is held
to be worth three per cent, more than the other;
and the explanation given for that is that the re-
sources of the bank which has issued the one are
so abundant, so affluent. 1 reply that while 1
admit they are ample, 1 assert at the same time
that they do not compare at all with the resources
of the United States as compared with her liabil-
ities, and I am not satisfied, therefore, with the
explanation that is given of this fact.
Mr. President, itseems to me that it is the part
of wisdom as of loyalty for the banks of Ken-
tucky as for the banks of Massachusetts, to say,
as I suppose you say, sir, and as I would say if
I spoke to the point, and as the Senator from
Kentucky I know would say, that while we are
attached to our own fortunes and desire still to
possess them, and to our lives and would not
willingly fling them away, yet that the fortune of
our banks*and our own private fortunes and our
lives are to be flung away as worth nothing before
we suffer the Republic to be destroyed; that the
very last thing we will relinquish here on earth
is our faith in the Republic and our love for it;
and if we say that and mean it and adhere to it,
there will be no bank notes having any higher
credit with us than the plighted faith of the United
States, and coin itself will not be worth any more
than the faith of the Republic which stamps the
value of the coin.
Sir, before I sit down let me return my thanks
to the Senator from Kentucky for another thing.
Manfully as is all his action, he has not contented
himself with attacking measures presented here
for the approbation of the Senate; but while he has
expressed his dissent from the wisdom of those,
he has recognized his obligation as a loyal rep-
resentative of the people, and a loyal servitor of
the Government, to present some project of his
own, and he has done it. He demands that the
Government representing the people of the United
States should go to the markets whore other bor-
rowers go,and take there its bonds and sell them
for what itean get. Docs the Senator mean that?
Mr. DAVIS. I meant that at the start.
Mr. HOWE. Well, sir, at the start, though
that was a great while ago m the history of this
Republic; it was in 1861, and this is 1863; an im-
mense interval of time has transpired since that;
but, at the start, did he really mean itJ For what
should the Republic exchange its stocks? For
coin? Undertake to sell stocks of the United States
to raise com enough to disburse from five to seven
hundred million dollars a year? You would have
to dig out the Rocky mountains and all your mines
to get the coin. It was not in existence; it was
not to be had. You might have set all the ma-
chinery in the Union making bonds, and you
could not make enough in a year to get the coin
with which to carry on this war. We had no ac-
cess to the capital of other nations. Wc under-
took to meet this as a great exigency ourselves.
Wo had the resources, and undertook to do the
work ourselves, and not let it out.
Mi. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator per-
mit me a word ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. My position is that a currency
sounder and nearer to the specie standard could
have been furnished by the State banks than has
been or can be furnished by the issue of irredeem-
able paper by the Government of the United States,
and that the Government of the United States could
have sold her bonds for this better medium issued
by the State banks than the medium she has is-
sued herself.
Mr. HOWE. That is a matter of opinion. The
Senator from Kentucky may be light in it, but I
think he was never so wrong in ah opinion as he
is in it, which is a slight indication that there is
a difference of opinion between himself and me.
Mr. President, the banks of the Union, to whom
the Senator would have had us apply in that hour
of need, could command no more coin than we
could. They could certainly command no more
than there was in the Union, ond that coin was
not sufficient. We must borrow, then, if we dealt
with the banks, not coin, but some lepreseutative
of coin—their piornises to pay in coin. Very
well; if on a£oin basis of $200,000,000, they lent
us $700,000,000,1 take it there would have been at
least $500,000,000 of that irredeemable, inconvert-
ible into coin. There cannot beany mistake about
that. We had, then, to circulate some sort of paper
in lieu of coin, and we had to circulate something
which was not convertible into coin. Now recurs
the mere question of expediency, which was the
better, $700,000,000 of bank notes, based upon a
specie deposit of §200,000,000, or §700,000,000 of
Treasury notes, based upon the wealth of the
richest nation in the world? Tell me which was
better. You had to take the laborof your citizens,
you had to take their corn, you had to take their
beef, you had to take their shoes; you must have
them, and you must give them something.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator then
tell me why the Government tender notes are at
such a discount? If they are so good and so val-
uable as he represents them, why should they
have ever reached the enormous amount of dis-
count they have ?
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator from Kentucky,
in reply, will tell me precisely what the discount
is on this paper, I will make the best explanation
of it I can.
Mr. DAVrS. I will do that.
Mr. HOWE. I will thank you if you do.
Mr. DAVIS. According to the quotations I
saw two or three days ago, in New Yoik it took
$1 53 in greenbacks to buy a dollar in gold.
Mr. HOWE. I think the Senator remembers—
if he does not, I do; and I am but little older than
himself [laughter]—I remember very well when
it took seventy-five cents, lawful money of the
United States, to buy one copper bearing the date
of 1814. It took seventy-five cents of silver, three
American quarters of a dollar, to buy a copper
bearing the date of 1814; and it never occurred to
me that all the rest of the coinage of the United
States had depreciated because the cent bore so
high a price in the market; and I utterly deny that
the simple fact that it takes $1 53 oi Treasury
notes to buy a gold dollar is an evidence that the
note of the Government has depreciated. We have,
cither for sound or unsound reasons, enabled the
gold-mongers of the Republic to lock up that little
commodity, the value of every item of which we
have stamped and canunstamp to-morrow, and to
offer it in the market for sale as the cents of 1814
were offered, and as other property is offered.
Well, sir, we want $100,000,000 of coin. We have
got, perhaps, $300,000,000 in the country. When
they can sell $100,000,000 in the course of a year
at a premium of thirty per cent., they make as
much on it as they do when they loan the whole
$300,000,000 at ten per cent.; and all they can
make more than that is so much clear gain. So
they find it for their interest to speculate in a com-
modity the amount of which is limited, and the
necessity of having a certain amount of which is
absolute under our present legislation; and they
have a monopoly of the market, and they arc en-
abled to put just such price on it as they please.
That is not all the reason. Gold can be used
abroad, and there are several interests in this
country just now combined to say that gold is the
only safe thing. There are quite a number of
enterprising gentlemen down here south of the
Potomac river, many of them, I understand, with
muskets on their shoulders, and others with
swords by their sides, swearing that the Republic
shall no longer live, that the Government is at an
end, that the Union belongs to the great catalogue
of the things that were; and there are quite a
number of other gentlemen on this side of the
Potomac, not so enterprising as they, none of them
having guns upon their shoulders or swords by
their sides, who say that, " although it is very
wrong to talk so, yet these fellows have said that,
and we cannot gainsay it;" who say that " they
would not for their lives take up arms to destroy
this Government," but then "others have taken
up arms, and we cannot overcome them;" and
then there are people on both sides of the Potomac
yearning, as the Senator from Kentucky and my-
self yearn, that the Union may live antl may not
die, who have yet so little foresight, and who
have yet so much less faith, that they cannot be-
lieve in the ultimate safety of the Republic; and
then there is another community of gentlemen#
