1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
935
more enterprising than all of them, gathering
about your stock-boards, attending to the finan-
cial reports in the newspapers, playing upon the
apprehensions of the people, playing upon the
public confidence, and tossing about the credit of
the nation, the faith of the United States, as if
they were dealing with the little balls with which
the jugglers play; and we sit here and allow them
\o do it, echoing from these Halls the very sen-
tences and jugglers'exprossions which make them
effective, and enable them to produce these results
based on miscalculations of the financial condition
of the country. Some of these tilings are proper
to be considered in explaining how it is that the
credit of the country seems to stand below pur,
and does stand below the standard of gold to-
day.
Mr. President, 1 have said too much. Let me
add, in conclusion, that I think we should have
made a great mistake if we had offered bank notes
to the people whose labor and whose productions
we buy to the amount of $700,000,000 a year.
We should have made an enormous mistake if we
had gone to the banks and borrowed their notes
and paid interest for them, and paid for this labor
and this produce in their notes, and at the same
time made these laborers and these producers pay
interest both on the security we gave and on the
money we borrowed. I think it would have been
an enormous mistake, and, if mere inexpediency
in governmental affairs could ever amount to a
crime, I should have said that it was an enor-
mous crime.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, there
were e few remarks that fell from the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Chandler] a short time age, to
which I deem it due to myself, and to those with
whom I act here, to submit a short reply.
The Senator seems to think that it is necessary
upon ail occasions here to paradeall his measures
as loyal measures, and to characterize ali those
who are opposed to them as disloyal. lie ar-
raigns everybody here that opposes a measure of
his as disloyal to the Government. I know of no
Senator on this floor, J know of no man in this
country who stands in so doubtful a relation as
the Senator who has made these remarks.
The Senator fi otn Michigan at the outset of this
controversy declared in a letter to the Governor
of the Stfte of Michigan that this Government
was not worth a rush without some blood-letting.
Standing in array against ali our history for sev-
enty years, standing in array against the peace of
the country for seventy years—the Constitution
itself and every proceeding fiom that time to this
being but compromise—he declared at the outset
against any compromise for the peace of the coun-
ti y: and he is responsible to a veiy large extent
for the arbitrament of war that is now upon us.
He is responsible fur those consequences that ai e
now flowing to us from the position assumed then
strongly by Inm ot the head of a dominant party
in the country.
The Senator also has the credit of standing be-
fore the country to-day—1 know notwhethertruly
or falsely—m the attitude of having declared in
this city when the rebellion now progressing was
at the point of being crushed by the army under
McClellan on the peninsula, that it would be bet-
ter ft i that one hundred thousand men to perish
than that he should gam a victoty and enter the
capita] of the confederate government. Sir, the
Senator stands before the country now- 
Air. CHANDLER. Does the Senator make the
assertion that I made that statement?
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 did not hear the Sena-
tor make it. i stated that he had been charged with
having made it.
Mr, CHANDLER. Well, sir, it is a falsehood
whoever made the charge. I never made such a
statement. There is not one word of truth in it,
or basis or foundation for it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator is late m making the denial.
Mr. CHANDLER. If I were to answer all the
newspaper lies that have been hurled at my head
for the last twelve months, I should have little
time to attend to my senatorial duties. I deny
nothing from newspaper rumor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is all very correct,
sir, all very proper; but when a charge so grave,
a charge so serious is made, time and again, against
the Senator, and he forbears to deny it, I am
justified in producing it hero before the Senate in
my place, based upon that rumor, when there had
been no denial before.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator will pardon
me. 1 feel undei vei y great obligation to him for
havinggiven me an opportunity to deny it on this
floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am very glad, sir, that
the Senator has denied it. With his previous rec-
ord, he should have sought an early opportunity,
an earlier one than this, to deny it.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is a matter of taste.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I always accord to the
Senator propriety in taste, Heisdelicate. [Laugh-
ter.] Sir, I accept the Senator's denial. I am
glad he has denied it. There was sufficient re-
sponsibility resting upon him prior to this time in
reference to these difficulties to induce him to in-
terpose his denial of this charge; and if I have
enabled him to deny an aspersion unjust to him,
I am glad 1 have submitted the remarks I have
made to-day. Mr. President, while I accord to
him the privilege of making the'denuil, and ad-
mit the correctness of the denial. 1 think if the
Senator would consult correct taste he would for-
bear charging, upon public rumor, other men
with disloyalty to the country, when so much has
rested upon him; and it is merely upon rumor
that he bases his own assertions against them.
While I would not seek to instruct the Senator
upon propriety and taste, 1 might ask him to re-
member that other gentlemen oft this floor, and
other gentlemen in the country, may have been as
much belied by public rumor as he has been him-
self, and they ought to ask at his hands that char-
ity which we must extend to him when he has
permitted this public aspersion to go forward so
long without any denial on his part.
Mr. President, turning, however, from that sub-
ject to the one now under consideration, 1 am very
much inclined to vote for the amendment before
the Senate, so as to reduce the tax upon the bank-
ing cu dilation of the country from two to one per
cent. I did desire the other day, upon the bank-
ing question, to submit a few remarks to the Sen-
ate in explanation of my views in reference to it.
1 was denied, by my necessary absence from the
Senate, the pnvdege of doing so. I am induced
to give the vote I sua!) give upon this occasion for
tiny reason: if the proposition now under consid-
eration shall stand as presented by the committee
with the bill we passed the other day, we cut up
by the roots and destroy all the banks in the coun-
tiy thatare ba.sed upon stocks issued by the States.
I am for giving them some consideration; and
while in the country from which I come there is
not so much reason for it as in other sections of
the Union, I am not for destroying all the great in-
terests of the couwry for the purpose of injuring
somebody else more than we are injured. This
will be the reason why I shall vote for the amend-
mentof the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. CHANDLER. ^ Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Illinois, if I understood him aright,stated
that there was no man in the country whose loy-
alty was more doubtful or more doubted than my
own. If 1 understood him aiight, that was the
way it was put.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator will per-
mit me to say this: I desire to make with the Sen-
ator no doubtful questions. My statement was
b-ised upon two propositions: first, that he wis
opposed to peace; and then that he was in favor
of the destruction of this army. With these two
propositions conccded, the conclusion followed
which 1 have stated. With the denial of the Sen-
ator, wh eh I have accepted here, it falls.
Mr, CHANDLER. Mr. President, i do not
pjopose to-day to go ovt r my record. It ha.v b<>en
made before the country and the woild; there let
it stand. So far as my loyalty ui;d devotion to
this country are concerned, I doubt if any man
evei seriously attempted to castsuspicion on them.
But, as 1 said before, my record is made; 1 stand
upon it, and am pioud of it m alius entirety.
The Senator alluded to "the blood-letting let-
ter," as it is called m Michigan. That iettei has
been discussed before the people of that State.
Thousands and tens of thousands, and, for aught
I know, hundreds of thousands of copies of it were
scattered broadcast throughout that State. What
were the circumstances under which that letter
was written ? We had traitors m this body pro-
claiming from day to day that this Government
was then destroyed, and there was no rebuke from
the Senator from Illinois or his friends. There
was no rebuke from the Administration .then i^n
power, whom he aided in placing there. They
proclaimed that the Government was entirely .de-
stroyed, and that it should never be restored. Sen-
ators proclaimed on this floor that you mightgive
them a blank sheet of paper, and allow them to
fill it as they pleased, and still they would nptlive
with us under the same Government.' '
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Senator will remem-
ber that his letter was not administered as a re-
buke to those men, but it was written to the Gov-
ernor of Michigan.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly, I will come to
that by and by. Do not be in a hurry.
Mr, RICHARDSON. I will not.
Mr. CHANDLER. I say it had been pro-
claimed on this floor over and over and over again
that the Government was destroyed and could
never be restored. Here in this Hall, and in the
other Chamber, and on the streets, everywhere
you went, you heard traitors declaring that the
Government was ended, declaring that if you at-
tempted to coerce the rebel States it would lead to
war. I believed then, as I believe now, that they
intended to break up thjh^Government, that they
intended a disruption of the-ftetion; and 1 believed
then, as I believe notir, t!%fWithout the interven-
tion of armed force to put down armed rebels and
traitors, your Government was destroyed. Be-
lieving it, I so wrote to the Governor of a sovereign
State, in a confidential note, it is true, but that is
of no account. I stand by that letter precisely as
it was written. A majority of the people of this
nation believe to-day, as I believed then, that there
was and could be but one way to save the nation,
and that was by putting down armed rebels by
force. That is what I believed then, what I be-
lieve now. When that Senator was saying—I do
not say it of him" in particular, but when his party
was saying—" the rebellion is wrong; it is a very
wicked thing to destroy this Government; but you
cannot coerce anybody; you cannot lift a finger to
save the nation, I believed it to be the duty of
this Government to save itself from destruction.
I believed so then, and I believe so now.
Another thing: the Senator says no man is more
responsible for this bloody and wicked war than
myself. Mr. President, let us look a little into
the matter of responsibility. There is a respons-
ibility somewhere, and a fearful responsibility,
for this rebellion and this dreadful war; but the
responsibility is not upon my soul. Who was in
power when this rebellion broke out? Who was in
power when these rebels were stealing your forts
and robbing your arsenals and plundering your
Treasury and preparing for war? Who was in
power when these preparations for rebellion were
going on? Was it the party with which I am as-
sociated? No, sir. When the preparations were
being made for this rebellion, James Buchanan,
the man for whom the Senator voted, and whom
he sustained, was President'of these United Statt p;
and while Floyd was stealing your gunt*, and
Cobb was depicting yourTrcaeury and destroying
the crcdit of your Government, lus party w;.s sus-
taining them in theii measures of treason. Why,
sir, when Mr. Lincoln was inaugurated, when he
took the oath on the eastern portico of ihn Capi-
tol to support the Constitution of the United S;at<?s
in ai! its entirety; wht n he pledged himself 11 his
inrngural t ) retake the forts, to maintain the Gov-
ernment with all the power in his hands, w u  v. as
the e,omm;<nde! of yotu rm v y-yai d , ami who had
contiol of your arms and niuinijo.i* -f wa- ;> t;a;
v *ry capital of th.s country? >i >.■-   wtfun
Buchanan, who afterwards roams'^,: <.' 'h-* l'--f
monsto iVIenimac. He was m Uv e jmnMnd of
vourmu'y-yard and yourersersuis a*!'- van a 'ms.
Was he a Ilepublican? H«>vshecve; been> l.^i£ed
with heingassociated with meponticuoy—-she n nei
traitor Buchanan? Who was your «<hiei of i once
m this very capital when Abraham Lr.
inaugurated President of these United it
was a iehel traitor, now in command of a com-
pany in the rebel army, who had the eonfml of
your police here in the capital when Abraham
Lincoln was inaugurated. Who presided in that
very chair, sir, which you occupy, on tha' very-
day? It was the rebel traitor, John C. Breckin-
ridge, the man who had been thus hijrhly honored
by "thisgreat nation. Sir, there is no respon^i/iory
jesting upon me, or upon the party with which
I have acted, in regard to this rebellion. If I
