940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
able, ought it to be required that these banks
should come into this scheme? Here it is to be
borne in mind that the banks cannot come into it
unless they collect the money due to them in order
to lay it out in these new stocks. Banks loan out
all their capital; and all they have are the securi-
ties for the loans which they have made. That is
their capital now. It is desired to entice them to
call in that capital and invest it in this new arrange-
ment, taking the stocks of the United States, and
the issues which the United States make on it,
and use that instead of their own circulation. Is
it not obvious, in order to do that, this capital
■which is in circulation among the people on loan
must be collected in order to make the new invest-
ments? There is no other way to make them that
T know of. I grant it is not as severe an opera-
tion to be done m two years as to be done in one,
as it originally stood; it is not as rank an opera-
tion; but it is still subject to the same principle.
If I believed that this'Government was going to
be embarrassed or needed to be embarrassed to an
extent that would more than overbalance the evil
which whs done to the people among; whom we are
living with this present currency, I would give it
up and let it go; but I do not think the necessi-
ties of the Government require it, and I do not
think the sacrifice ought to he required of them.
Mr, FESSENDEN. Then the question just
comes to this: if these objects are national objects,
because the Senator puts it upon that-ground; he
claims that they should live; he speaks for the
banks 
Mr. COLLAMER. For the people.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir, not for the peo-
ple. lie speaks for the banks; that wry small
portion of the people who own bank stock. If
these are groat national objects wot thy of being
accomplished, then the banks should give way
• and he willing to give way and to aid in them. If
Senators say it is no great object to sell our bonds;
if it is no great object to have a uniform national
currency; if it is no great object to place the Gov-
ernment in a position wheie iteuimot be run down
by the currency that is issued by (be banks; if
they believe that it is all very t ight to subordinate
these national questions to the, interests of banks,
then I can understand their position. Hut if they
do believe that those questions are important, as
they seemed to do by the passage of the bank bill
yesterday, then the result is, not that these banks
should be destroyed,as gentlemen talk about, but
that they should be willing to aid and use their
capital for bunking pui poses in the way that is
most beneficial to the Government and tin: people;
for'uliowme to say, it is but a very small portion
of the people of the country who tire interested jn
the banking institutions of the country.
Mi. COLLAMER. I have not argued this
question for the banks. 1 suppose it is charged
with a view to make my argument obnoxious.
Why, sir, it is for the people who have borrowed
the money of the banks and engaged in business
with it, and from whom it will be collected in or-
der to make the new investment. That is the
icason why I object to it.
Mr. McbOUCULL. I might as well say here
now, what I did not find an opportunity of saying
before, and which I think is germane to this mut-
ter and this discussion between the Senator fiom
Vermont and the Senator from Maun.-. J desire
to suggest an opinion of my own on the banking
bill which passed the Senate yesterday. I believe,
if it should become a law, that two or three years
will not pass overoui heads before it will ce\i.->e to
be. It will never be a system, for it will soon cense
to be a law. I do not think we are to contemplate
m our present business the continuation of this
scheme of Federal centralization of the moneyed
business of the Republic. 1 believe it neithei wise
nor expedient. 1 did not embark in the debate on
that question; and I wish to say now, that as I
have been advised thus far, I shall hold it to be my
duty, at all proper times, to object to the fastening
upon the Republic of any such system as is in-
volved in the banking scheme to which this is in-
tended as a supplement; both work together. 1
think the Senator from Maine will find out in less
than two years from now that he has gone out
with his ship upon a dangerous sea, and that with
It he can find no safe port, and that he will be the
prey of the wreckers.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to make a single
remark in explanation of the vote I shall be called
on to give on the measure now under considera-
tion. I regret very much that this proposition is
found in the bill. I regret that it has been in-
grafted upon the bill now under consideration. I
think it would have been much better to bring it
in in a separate bill amendatory of the revenue
laws. I do not know how it is in the other States
of the Union, because I do not profess to be very
familiar with the banking laws of the different
States; but I can speak with some knowledge in
reference to the law of my own Suite. I believe
that the effect of the adoption of this proposition
will be to wind up the banks in my State, whether
it will change the capital now invested in bank stock
there in the direction contemplated by the Finance
Committee is another question. I do not know
what direction it will take. If it were to aid the
Government by investing it in the bonds already
issued or to be issued by the United States, to aid
it by giving currency to those bonds, or to aid it
by making a national currency better than the cur-
rency we now have, I should be very glad, indeed,
to see it invested in that way. 1 do not believe,
however, that such will be the result.
We are not specially in favor of banks in the
State of Missouri. Our banking system was
adopted very much as we make a fire on the prai-
ries in the West against fire; we thought we would
remove a worse currency by substituting a better;
and it was the stock-bank currency that we intend-
ed to remove by establishing a system of banking
upon specie. In consideration of the privileges
granted to the banks in that State, there is a heavy
bonus already paid by the banks to the State, leav-
ing them to be taxed very heavily by counties and
cities, wheievei they are located.
Now, sir, here is a proposition made to tax the
circulation of the banks in the course of a very
short time two percent. I think the consequence
will be to force the banks to wind up. The Je-
suits of that winding up at this particular time in
the State of Missouri would be very deleterious
indeed. Those consequences would be tenfold
worse than the consequences so ably described by
the Senator from Vermont, in my State the peo-
ple could not, undei any circumstances whatever,
meet their obligations to the different banking in-
stitutions in that State. It would involve the peo-
ple of my State in inevitable bankruptcy. There
is no question of it. 1 greatly prefer that the ori-
ginal Ilouse proposition should be sustained. 1
do not ihmk it necessary to make a war upon the
State banks. I do not think the banks are less
taxed than anybody else,
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like the Senator
to point toe out a single tax levied on bank cir-
culation. There none whatever.
Mr HENDERSON, if I issue my note as an
individual there must be a stamp upon it under
the present law. Is it not the same case with the
banks ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. The banks issue
their papet lor circulation w ithout any stamp tax,
license, oi anything whatever.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not a single dollar can
he drawn fiom a bank without a check, and that
must have a .stamp attached.
Mr. SHERMAN. That must be paid by the
peisou signing the check, and he mustattach the
stamp hims"lf.
Mr. HENDERSON. That maybe; but my
understanding of bank circulation is notand never
has been to confer special profits upon the stock-
holder of a hank. That was not the object m my
State, noi should it he the object in any State.
The object ought to be, and has been generally,
to give a safe enculating medium to the people.
Mr. McDOUGALL. They pay the income tax.
Air. HENDERSON. The profits of the bank
are taxed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Taxed to the stockholder,
not to the bank, and deducted from the stock-
holder's income tax.
Mr. HENDERSON. That makes but little
difference.
Mi. POWELL. If the Senator from Missouri
will allow me, 1 w 111 say to the Senatoi from Ohio
that bank profits aie certainly taxed. Bank stock
owned by a person is part of his income, and it
is taxed three per cent, just like every other in-
come.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not mistaken in re-
gard to the business transactions of the banks.
Any business transaction that a bank may have
with third parties assuredly will fall subject to the
internal revenue law just as much as a business
transaction between the Senator from Ohio and
myself.
Mr.SHERMAN. TheSenator misunderstands
my position. I say a bank of circulation pays
no tax directly or indirectly upon its circulation.
As a matter of course, all banks that do business
outside of circulating bank bills, would have to
pay the ordinary taxes levied upon private bank-
ers; that is, they would have to put a stamp on
a draft; but upon the circulation, a franchise
granted to them by the Government, they pay no
tax whatever. It is impossible for any Senator to
point out any tax paid by a bank on Us circulation.
Mr. HENDERSON. I believe that was a very
proper policy to be pursued in the internal rev-
enue law. I do not think a bank that issues
a note for circulation, that note coming upon it
again perhaps in half an hour, ought to be taxed on
that circulation. If so, why should not the bank
be taxed every time it pays it over its counter?
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not charge them a
license? Why should a bank be favored in all
these particulars?
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand all busi-
ness is taxed and required to have a license under
the internal revenue law.
Mr. SHERMAN. Banks of circulation by
their charters arc expressly excepted, and so they
are in all the provisions of the internal revenue
law. Unless this bill is passed, the business of
banks will be the only business in the country
free from taxation.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am very well aware of
the objects in the States generally of the badM^g
system. It is, and ought to be, to give a safrond
sound circulating medium to the people. I do not
know that it is always the case; but we have en-
deavored in our State to make the circulation a
representative of the capital of the bank. It is
for the convenience of the people rather than for
profit to the stockholders. I do not desire to
exempt banks f^om taxation by any means. 1
would not have them exempted. They ought to
pay the same taxes that are paid by individuals;
and if that is not the case under the present reve-
nue laws, the revenue laws ought to be so alteied
and so changed that that thing can be accom-
plished; but I do think that this tax of two per
cent, on circulation, unless it be made a sliding
scale, such as was adopted by the House of Rep-
resentatives, is oppressive; and it certainly must
be oppressive. There will be, under this propo-
sition, some $240,000 a year paid from my State
under the two percent, tax; and I suppose the
stockholders of the banks in my State to-day are
not making exceeding four and a half per cent,
per annum.
Mr, WILSON, of Missouri. Not that.
Mr. HENDERSON. I presume not. My col-
league says they arc not making mat. I have not
looked to the report of the banks recently; but I
am satisfied thisamountof tax will result in break-
ing down the whole bank system in the State.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know if the
State of Missouri does not tax the circulation of
bank papei ?
Mr. HENDERSON. It does not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Some States do.
Mr. HENDERSON. Our State taxes the cap-
ital. In chartering banks it jeqn i res that the banks
shall pay a certain bonus, a percentage upon the
amount of their capital stock paid in: and that is
a very heavy bonus I presume it is the case gen-
erally in the other States.
Now, sir, I can see but one design in this bill.
If it has any at all, it must be the design contem-
plated by the chairman of the Finance Commit-
tee; and that is to take the capital now invested
in the banks of the diffeient States of the Union
and make it the foundation of banking under the
bill passed yesterday. I am not so sanguine of
the good results to flow from that system of bank-
ing as some Senators seem to be. I do not think
the bill, according to its terms, will give us that
sort of a circulating medium that will be at all
desnabic.
}Jut, sir, if the object be to d rive capital into this
channel, I suggest to Senators that it would be
better left undone than done. I do not know how
it has been in other States; but 1 am very well
satisfied that m my own State the banks have been
of gieat service to the Government; and I think
