THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 1,
RHODE ISLAND.
William P. Sheffield.
CONNECTICUT.
Dwight Loomis, George C. Woodruff.
James E. English,
NEW YORK.
Roscoe Conkllng,
R. Holland Duell,
William E. Lansing,
Ambrose W. Clark,
Charles B. Sedgwick,
Theodore M. Pomeroy,
Jacob P. Chamberlain,
R. B. Van Valkenburgh,
Alfred Ely,
Augustus Frank,
Burt Van Horn,
Elbridge G. Spaulding,
Reuben E. Fenton.
Moses F'. Odell,
William Wall,
Frederick A. Conkllng,
Elijah Ward,
Edward Ilaight,
Charles H. Van Wyck,
John 13. Steele,
Stephen Baker,
Abraham B. Olin,
Erastus Corning,
William A. Wheeler,
Chauncey Vibbard,
Richard Franchot,
NEW JERSEY.
John L. N. Stratton, William G, Steele*
PENNSYLVANIA.
William E. Lehman, Edward McPherson,
Charles J. Biddle, Samuel S. Blairs
John P. Verree, John Covodu,
William D. Kelley, Jesse Lazear,
John Hickman, James K. Moorhead,
John D. Stiles, Robert MeKnight,
Sydenham E. Ancona, John W. Wallace,
Hendrick B. Wright, John Patton,
Galusha A. Grow, Elijah Babbitt.
Joseph Baily,
MARYLAND.
John W. Crisfield, Francis Thomas,
Cornelius L. L. Leary, Charles B. Calvert.
Joseph Segar,
William G. Brown,
John A. Gurley,
VIRGINIA.
Jacob B. Blair,
Kcllian V. Whaley>
OHIO.
Samuel T. Worcester,
Clement L. Vallandlgham, Ilairison G. Blake,
Chilton A. White, Robert II. Nugen,
Richard A. Harrison. James R. Morris,
Warren P. Noble, Sidney Edgerton,
Carey A. Trimble, Albert G. Riddle,
Valentine B. Horton, John Ilulehins,
Samuel S. Cox, John A. Bingham.
KENTUCKY.
Samuel L. Casey, Robert Mallory,
Henry Grider, John J. Crittenden,
Aaron Harding, John W. Menxies.
Charles A. Wickllfle,
TENNESSEE.
Horace Maynard, Andrew J. Clements.
INDIANA.
John Law, Albert O. Porter,
W. MeKee Dunn, Schuyler Colfax,
William S. Ilolman, William Mitchell.
Geoige W. Julian,
ILLINOIS.
ElllhUB. Washburne, William A. Richardson,
Anthony L. Knapp,
Philip B. Fouke.
MISSOURI.
Thomas L. Price.
Isaac N. Arnold,
Owen Lovejoy,
William Kellogg,
William A. Hall,
Elijah H. Noiton,
MICHIGAN.
Bradley F. Granger, Francis W. Kellogg,
Fernando C. Beaman, Rowland E. Tiowbridge.
IOWA.
James F. Wilson.
WISCONSIN.
John F. Potter, A. Scott Sloan.
CALIFORNIA.
Aaron A. Sargent, Fredcnek F. Low.
MINNESOTA.
Cyrus Aldrlch, William Windom.
OREGON.
George IC. Shiel.
KANSAS.
Martin F. Conway.
DELEGATE FROM UTAH.
John M. Bernhi&cl.
DELEGATE FROM WASHINGTON.
William Ii. Wallace.
DELEGATE FROM NEBRASKA.
Samuel G. Daily.
DELEGATE FROM COLORADO.
Hiram P. Bennet.
NEW MEMBERS.
Mr. WICKLIFFE said : Mr. Speaker, Hon.
George H. Yeaman, member clect from the sec-
ond congressional district of the State of Ken-
tucky, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the death
of General James S. Jackson, is now present; and
I ask that he be sworn in.
Mr. Yeaman presented himself, and took the
usual oath to support the Constitution.
Mr. SAMUEL C. FESSENDEN. Hon.
Thomas A. D. Fessenden, member elect from
the second congressional district of the State of
Maine, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the res-
ignation of Hon. Charles W. Walton, is present;
and I ask that he be sworn in.
Mr. Thomas A. D. Fessenden presented him-
self, and took the usual oath to support the Con-
stitution.
Mr. BUFFINTON. Hon. Amasa Walker,
member elect from the ninth congressional district
of the State of Massachusetts, to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the death of Hon. Goldsmith F.
Bailey, is also present; and I ask that he be
sworn in.
Mr. Walker presented himself, and took the
usual oath to support the Constitution.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that he had been ordered to inform it that a quo-
rum of the Senate had assembled, and was ready
to proceed to business.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that a like com-
munication be sent to the Senate—that a quorum
of the House has assembled, and is ready to pro-
ceed to business. ^
The motion was agreed to. '
COMMITTEE TO "WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move the adoption
of the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of three mem-
bers, bo appointed to join ssueh committee as may be ap-
pointed by the Senate, to wait upon the Piesident of the
United Slates, and inform him that a quorum of each
House has assembled, and that Congress i« ready to reccive
any'Vommunication he may be pleased to make.
The resolution was adopted; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Washburne, Crisfield, and
Vibbard such committee 011 the part of the House.
INDEX, TO PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. VALtiANDlGHAM. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular business is the
call of States, for the introduction of bills and
resolution*?, commencing with the State of Maine.
Mr. TRAIN introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Rewired) That there be printed for the n<?e of the present
limine oi Representatives the regular number of copies of
a woik prepared by the Librarian, which he offers as an
appiopriate Index to the Public Documents in the Library;
the copy-iight of <aid work to be vested in the name of the
compilei: I'rovulcd, That 110 demand tor compensation be
made by him lor the u^e ol &aid number of copies.
GUNBOATS SOR THE LAKES.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKUNG introduced the fol-
lowing resolution, and demanded the previous
question on its adoption:
Resolved* That the Committee on Naval Afiaii? be in-
structed to inquire and repoit to thN llou^e the cheapest,
most expeditious, and reliable mode of placing vessels oi
war upon Lake Onlauo and the other great lakes should a
neees-ity for doing so at ansa time aucf ; and m ca^c it is
deemed necessary, for the puipo«c afoiesaul, to establish
water communication adapted to the passage of vessels of
warfiom other wains to the lakes, the committee is in-
stmeted to icpoit winch one of the various pintn s-uqge.sted
will afford atthe least co*t adequate, reliable, and earl> ae-
ce." of the requited kind, toother with the reasons of the
committee, and the tune andeo->t of oompletins the woik.
The previous question was seconded, atid the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRANSMISSION OF NEWSPAPERS.
Mr. VALLA NDIGHAM introduced the fol-
lowing resolution, and demanded the previous
question on its adoption:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed ro mquhe arid report to the House, at an early day,
bv what authority ofConstitution and law, if any, the Post-
master General undertakes to decide what newspapers
may and what shall not be translated through the mails
of the United States.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
ARRESTS OF CITIZENS.
Mr. COX introduced the following preamble
and resolution, and demanded the previous ques-
tion on their adoption:
Whereas, many citizens of the United fctatos have been
seized by persons acting, or pretending to he acting, under
the authority of the United States, and have been carried
out of the jurisdiction of the States oi their residence, and
imprisoned in the military prisons and camps ot the united
states, without any public chaigc being preferred against
them, and without any opportunity being allowed to learn
or dispiove the charges made, or alleged to be made,against
themand whereas, such arrests have been made in States
wheie theie was no insuricction or rebellion, or pretense
thejeof, or any other obstruction against the authority of
the Government; and whereas, it is the sabred right ot
every citizen of the United States, that ho shall not be de-
puved of liberty without due pioeess of law, and when ar-
restee!, that he shall have a speedy and public trial by aa
impartial jury of his couritiymen: Therefore,
Resolved, That the House of Representatives do hereby
condemn all such arrests as unwarranted by the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States, and as a usurpation of
power never given up by the people to their rulers, and do
hereby demand that all such uriests shall hereafter cease,
and that all persons so arrested and yet held should have a*
prompt and public trial, according to the ptovisions of the
Constitution.
Mr. COLFAX. I move that the preamble and
resolutions be laid on the table.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a point of order.
I desire to inquire of the Chair, whether thereare
as yet any standing committees of this House to
which this can be referred?
The SPEAKER. Under the amended rules
committees are appointed for a Congress and not
for a session.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I demand the yeas
and nays on the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. COLFAX. I made the motion to lay upon
the table because the preamble asserts what is not
true.
Mr. COX. I can prove the assertions of the
preamble to be true.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The preamble and resolution were again read.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rise to make
an inquiry as to a point of order. If the motion to
lay upon the table be lost, I would inquire whether
it would be in order to refer to a committee—for
example, to the Committee on the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. Not during the demand for
the previous question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messr«. .Alchich, Arnold, Babbitt, Baker, Bax-
ter, Bcaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Bl.ur, Blake, William
G. Brown, Buffmton, Ca*ey, Chamberlain. Clark, Clem-
ents, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, ilo«cor* Conkling,
I)a\ve«, Duell, Dunn, Edgerion, Edwanls, liiiot. Ely, Feu-
ton, Samuel C. Fessendori, Thomas A. D Fessenden,
Franchot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Gmiev, Ilarnson,
Hickman, Hooper. Horton, Hutch ins, Julian, Kelley, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg. William Kellogg, Lant-mg, Leaiy, Leh-
man, Loomi«,Lovejoy, Low,MeKnight, MePhei^on,May-
nard, Mitchell, Moorhead. Justin S. Monill. On'n. Patton,
Pomeroy, Potter, John il. Rice, Kiddle, Edward If. Rol-
lins, Sargent, Scdgwick, Sloan, Spaulding, Stratton. Tiairi,
Trimble, Trowbudfre, Van Horn. Van Valkenburgh. Van
Wyck, Verree, Walkei, Wall, Wallace, Wheeler, Wilson,
Windom. and Woree-tei— 80.
NAYS —Messrs. \ncona, Baily, Biddle, Jacob B. Blair,
Calvert, Corning, Cox, Crittenden. English, Fouke, Gran-
ger, Grider, Haijiht, Jiali, Harding, Ilo'man, Knapp, Law,
Lazeai, Menzie4-, Moms, Nohlo, Noiion. A'ugen, Odell,
Price, RiehauKon, Sheffield, Shiel, John B Steele. Will lam
G. Steele, Stiles. Benjamin F. Thomas., Fiance Thomas,
Vailandigham,Ward,Chilton A. White, WicUhffe, Wught,
and Yeaman—40.
So the preamble and resolution were laid upon
the table.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE 7"I10M THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forntey, its Secretary, notifying the House
that it had adopted a resolution that a committee
consisting of three members ho appointed to join
such committee on the part of the House, to wait
upon the President of the United States and in-
form him tluit a quorum of each House had as-
sembled, and that Congress was ready to receive
