1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3
any communication he may bepleased to make; and
that it had appointed Messrs. Uollamer,Grimes,
and SAULSBURras such committee on its part.
assistant assessors.
Mr. COLFAX, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize assistant assessors to
administer oath sand affirmations; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
arrests of citizens of illinois.
Mr. RICHARDSON introduced the following
resolution; and demanded the previous question
on its adoption:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform this House what citizens of Illinois aie
now confined in the Ports Warren, La Fayette, and Dela-
ware, or the old Capitol prison, and any other torts o* placcs
of confinement; what the chaige? are against said persons;
also the places where they were antvted. That the Presi-
dent be further requested to inform this House of the names
ofthc persons that have been anestod in Illinois and taken
to and confined in prisons outside of the limits of said Slate,
and who have been released, what were the charges against
each of them, by whom the charges weie mado, aho by
whose order said arrests weie made, and the authority of
law for such arrests.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOVE JOY moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Arnold, Babbitt, Baker, Baxter,
Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, William G. Brown,
Buffinton, Casey, Chamberlain, Clark, Clement?. Colfax,
Frederick A. Conkhng, Covodc, Dawes, Duell, Edgerton,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Penton, Samuel C. Pessonden,
Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Franchot, Frank,Gooch, Good-
win, Gurley, Harrison, Hickman, I-Iooper, fJorton, Hutch-
ins, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kcllosff,Lansing, Lehman,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Low, McKnight, McPherson, Maynard,
Mitchell, Moorhead, Justin S. Mori ill, Olin, Patton, Tom-
eroy, Potter, Jnhn H. Rice, Edward II. Rollins. Sargent,
Sedgwick, Sloan, Spaukling, Stratton. Train, Trowbridge,
Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyek, Verree,Walker,
Wall, Wheeler, Whaley, Wilson, Wmdom, and Worces-
ter—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baily, Biddle,Calveit, Roscoe
Conkling, Conway, Corning,Cox, Crittenden. Dunn,Eng-
lish, Fouke, Granger,Guder, Hall, Hardinc, Holman. Wil-
liam Kellogc, Knapp, Law, Lazcar, Leary, Mcrizies, Mor-
ris, Noble, Norton, Nugen. Odell, Po'i lei, Pi iee, iiiehaidson,
Shiel, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Vallandigham, Ward, Chilton A. White, and
Wnght—40.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
During the call,
Mr. WALLACE, of Pennsylvania, not being
within the bar when his name was called, asked
leave to vote.
Mr. RICHARDSON objected.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
INDIANS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. WlNDOM introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resohcd, That the Committee on Indian Affairs bo in-
structed to inquire as to the most speedy and economical
mode of removing bejond the limits of the State of Min-
nesota all the Indian tribes within said State; and if expe-
dient, to report by bill or otherwise.
internal revenue law.
Mr. ANCONA offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to repoit to the House an amendment to the law
for the collection of the internal revenue, so a-, to conalrue
the foutth clause of tlio sixty-fourth section of said act as
that the same shall not apply to any one who has taken out
a license undei ^aid act tor either a hotel, inn, tavern, or
eating-house; with power to teport atanytime.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I shall have no
objection to the passage of the resolution, if the
gentleman will so modify it as !o instruct the com-
mittee to inquire into the expediency of reporting
such an amendment.
Mr. ANCONA. I have no objection to that,
and will modify it accordingly.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
colorado territory.
Mr.BENNET offered the following resolution;
which was lead, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Temtories be in-
fstiuered to inqune into the expediency of setting apart a
portion of the annual appiopnation for the Teiritory oi
Colorado, foi the puipose of printing an edition ofthc law?
of said Territory m the Spanish language, and for the pay
of interpreter to the Legislature, and tianslator of the laws,
&c., and repoit by bill or otherwise.
reports from committees.
The SPEAKER announced the next business
in order to be the call of committees for reports;
and the committees were called accordingly.
When the Committee on Printing was reached—
Mr. WICKLIFFE said: According to my rec-
ollection, when we adjourned last July, a report
of the Committee on Printing in reference to print-
ing certain copies of the confiscation message was
the unfinished business before the House. We
were in the act of taking the yeas and nays when
we adjourned, and I would inquire whether that
is not the business now in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
after the expiration of six days all the business
of the preceding session will be resumed as it was
left, until that time we do business as though
this was the first session of the Congress.
informal recess.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask unani-
mous consent for the House to take a recess for
fifteen minutes.
No objection being made, the House took a
recess accordingly.
report of a joint committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, from the jointcommittee
of the two Houses appointed to wait upon the
President and inform him that a quorum of the
two Houses had assembled and were ready to re-
ceive any communication he might be pleased to
make, reported that the committee had d ischarged
the duty devolved upon them, and that the Pres-
ident had directed them to say that he would im-
mediately communicate a message to both Houses.
president's message.
A message in writing from the President of the
United States was here transmitted to the House
by Mr. Nicolay, Private Secretary of the Pres-
ident.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, and by
unanimous consent, the message was taken from
the Speaker's table, and read. [It will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
message and accompanyingdocumerits bo referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and printed; and upon that I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is that motion
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to say a
word or two, and will occupy the attention of the
House but a single moment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I called the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman call the
previous question when ho made the motion?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I did.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear it.
Then the first question is on seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Do I understand
that the gentleman declines to yield?
The SPEAKER. He does.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put, and under the
operation thereof, the motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to re-
; consider the vote last taken, and also moved to
| lay the motion to reconsider oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
daily hour of meeting.
Mr. FENTON. I move that the hour of daily
meeting be twelve o'clock, until otherwise ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. FENTON, (at two
o'clock and forty-five minutes, p. m.,) the House
adjourned. 
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 2, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. sunderland.
, Hon. John P. Hale, of New Hampshire, and
| Hon. David Wjlmot, of Pennsylvania, appeared
! in their seats.
| The Journal ofyesteruay was read and approved.
| league island.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to: ,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy lie directed to
communicate to the Senate copies ot the majority and mi-
nonly reports of the board* of officers appointed in accord-
ance with the provisions of an act of Congress approved
July 15, 1862, entitled "An act to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to accept the title to League Island in thetftel-
aware river for naval purposes." ' r e "?
ARRESTS IN IvENTtJCKY. _
Mr. POWELL. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved. That the President be requested to inform the
Senate the number and the names of citizens of KentucJcy
who have been, and who are now confined in the military
priMHig and camps of the United States, outside the-limits
of said State ; what are,the charges against them, by whom
made, and by whose or<Ier the arrests were made.
Mi*. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Let that ^
resolution lie over. I object to its present con?
sideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection being
made, it will lie over under the rule.
california land titles.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, Thatthe Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to furnish to the Senate a statement of the amount or
amounts of money paid by the Government for legal ser-
vices in pioseeutmgor investigating land titles in the State
of California, and in prosecuting and defending suits to
which the United Slates was a party during the years 1857,
1858, 1859, I860, and 1861, and for what particular service
the several sums were paid, whether paid to agents, officers,
or counsel; also, upon whose order oi authority the same
was paid ; also, a statement as to whom such sum or sums
of money was paid: also, what sum or sums of money waa
paid to parties during tlie same period for making researches
lor the Government in reference to California land titles in
the city of Mexico, to whom paid, and for what particular
service in each and every instance.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 would suggest to the Sen-
ator from California that it might be expedient to
wait until the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is received.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is not involved in that
at all. A. similar resolution was sent last session
to the Secretary of the Interior, but he had not
the information asked for, and he referred us to
the Treasury Department.
Mr. SUMNER. May it not be covered by
some communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Not at all. It ^oes i^ot
refer to his Department.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If objected to,
tlie resolution must He over.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it had better go over
until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection being
made, the resolution lies over.
ILLEGAL ARRESTS.
Mr. POWELL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce the following
joint resolution; which was read, and passed to
a second reading:
A jointre«oluuon (S. No. 103) in relation to illegal arrests in
the United States.
Whereas, many citizens of the United States have been
seized by persons acting, or pretending to be acting, under
the authoiity of the United States, and have been carried
i out of the jurisdiction of the States of their residence and
' imprisoned 111 the miliury pti?ons and camp3 of the United
: States without anv public charge being preferred against
; them, and without any opportunity being allowed to learn
or di-piove the chaises made or alleged to be made against
Uiein ; and wheicas. it is the naored right of every citizen
that he shall not be depiived ofliberty without due process
of law, and when arrested shall have a speedy and public
tsial by an impartial jur> : Thcie'ore.
Be it resolved by the Senate and Hi use of Representatives
of the United Slates of Jhncricain Congress assembled. That
i all such ancsts aie unwarranted by tlie Constitution ami
i laws of the United Slates, and a usurpation of power never
i given by the people to the President or any other ofhciai.
j Ail s-ueh arrests are hereby condemned and declared palpa-
1 ble violations of the Constitution of the United State®; and
' it is hereby demanded that all such arrests shall hereafter
I cease, and that all person* so arrestfd and yet held should
| have a prompt and speedy public trial according to the pro-
| visions of the Constitution, or should be immediately re-
! leaded.
| Mr. COLLA.MER. Let it lie over,
j Mr. POWELL. Of course it will lie over; but
! I desire to have it printed.
i Tli e PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection being
I made, the joint resolution cannot receive its second
readme to-day; but it will lie 011 the table, and ba
. printed.
j PROPOSED NATIONAL CONVENTION.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
| obtained, leave to introduce the following join!
