THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 3,
resolution; which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading:
A joint resolution (S. No. 104) proposing a convention fiom
all the States to devise means for the reconstruction of
the Union.
Resolved Ly Ike Senate and House of Representatives, fyc.,
That it be, and is hereby, recommended to all the States to
choose as many delegates, severally, as they are entitled to
Senators and Representatives in Congrcs*. to meet in con-
vention In Louisville, Kentucky, on The first Monday in
April next, to take into consideration the condition of the
United States, and the proper means for the restoration of
the Union ; and that the Legislatures of the several States
take such action on this proposition as they may deem fit
at the earliest practicable day.
Mr. CLARK and Mr. SUMNER. Let it lie
over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made to the second reading of the joint reso-
lution, it lies over under the rule.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask that the resolution be
printed for the information of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made, that order will be entered.
NOTICE 01? A RESOLUTION.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I give notice that to-
morrow or on some subsequent day, I shall ask
leave to introduce a resolution directing the Sec-
retary of War to inform the Senate whether Dr.
John Lausand Whitely Meredith, citizens of the
State of Delaware, are now or have been arrested
and imprisoned in Fort Delaware; and if so, by
what authority, and for what cause.
Mr. CLARK, (after a pause.) If there be no
other business, I move that the [Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 2, 1882.
The House met at twelve o'clock, ni. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas IX. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of State, showing the number of seamen
registered in .the several ports of entry in the
United States for the year ending 30th Septem-
ber, 1862; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular order
of business, to call the committees for reports;
under which call-
Mr. HOOPER, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill concerning judgments
in certain suits brought by the United States;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 am instructed by the com-
mittee to request that the bill may be acted upon
at this time.
Mr. VALLAND1GIIAM." Let it be read.
The bill, which was read, piovides that all
judgments recovered by the United States in suits
now pending or hereafter to be brought for the
collection or recovery of any duties upon imports,
or any money due to the United States from any
collector or other offictfrof customs of the United
States, shall bo paid in the gold or silver coin of
the United States.
Mr. HOOPER. If any gentleman desires in-
formation in relation to the necessity of passing
this bill, I will say that in suits brought to recover
duties on impoits,or money due from collectors,
or other officers of the custom-house, if the Gov-
ernment recovers judgment, it will be rendered
for theamount in money, without specifying that
it was for duties that are required to be paid in
specie. As the law now stands, the judgment
would be satisfied by payment of the amount in
Government notes, worth now at least one quarter
less than gold. The Government would thus lose,
and the party against whom the judgment was re-
covered would gain that difference. This bill is
intended to meet these cases. Many suits are
now pending, involving large amounts; it is theie-
fore important that this bill, if it is to be passed,
should be acted upon promptly.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed, and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time",
and passed.
Mr. HOOPER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
'The list of committees having been called
through, the States were called for resolutions as
the next order of business.
PAY OF SOLDIERS.
Mr.HOLMAN introduced the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to report a bit! increasing the pay of private sol-
diets in the Army to fifleen dollars per month, und malting
&uch leduction in the salaries oi officers of the Army not
actually engaged in active service in tile field as may not
impair the efficiency of the public service.
Mr.OLIN. Permit me to inquire of the Speaker
whether, if objection is made to this resolution,
its consideration does not go over under the rule
to another day ?
The SPEAKER. Under this call all resolu-
tions which give rise to debate go over under the
rule.
Mr. IiOLMAN. Rather than have the reso-
lution go over,l will modify it so as to make it a
resolution of inquiry merely, if that will obviate
the gentleman's objection.
Mr. VALLANDIGJHAM. 1 would suggest to
the gentleman from Indiana that he make the fif-
teen dollars payable in gold.
Mr. HOLiVIAN. I modify my resolution so as
to make it one of inquiry.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to amend the
resolution so as to make the amount payable to
the soldiers and non-commissioned officers in gold
and silver.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is open to
amendment, but not to debate. No debate has
thus far arisen.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I should have
moved this amendment myself, hat I understood
that the previous question had been demanded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from Indiana, after modify-
ing the resolution, as demanding- the previous
question. The resolution was, therefore, still
open to amendment, but notto debate. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] proposes
an amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust, as this is only a res-
olution of inquiry, my friend will not press his
amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. "Well,! will withdraw
it; but it is right.
Mr. Holman's resolution was then adopted.
Mr, RICHARDSON. I did not observe when
the State of Illinois was called, and I now ask
leave to offer the resolution which I send to the
Clerk's desk.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to report a bill requiring the pay of each private
and non-commissioned ofheer in actual service in the
Army to be paid m gold and silver.
Mr. OLIN. If the gentleman will modify his
resolution, so as to make it one of inquiry and
not one of instruction, I will not object to its in-
troduction.
Mr. RICHARDSON. No, sir; I will get it in
some other time.
APPOINTMENT OF MIDSHIPMEN.
Mr. CALVERT submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agieed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be diiected to
inform this House if any appointment* of m-nncr midship-
men iia\e been made durum the incest of Congress to the
X.ival Academy, other than tho-c made n-jruhulj undet the
Ja\v> governing Mich appointments,; and" if so", by whom
paid appointment*have been lecommended and made,nnd
by what anthouty; and if such appomimentrf have been
m;uh\ Mat he be directed to fmnMi tins House with a h>t
or the .same, designating the States liom which they have
been appomfd.
PENALTIES UNDER CUSTOM LAWS.
Mr. SHEFFIELD submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Rewhcd, That the Committee on Commerce be, and is
hereby, irMiuetcti to inquire into the expediency of repeal-
ing bu much ot the act approved May 90, 18G9, k' supple-
mental to an act to piovide tor the collection of duties on
imports, and foi other purposes." as provides for the dis-
tubutiQn of the pioeeeda ot the penalties under said act, and
the act to which the same is supplemental among officers
of the customs and othein ; with leave to report by bill or
otherwise.
FOREIGN COTTON.
Mr. SHEFFIELD also submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be,
and that it is hereby, instructed to consider the propriety of
admitting cotton brought from foreign countries to be im-
ported free of duty; with leave to reportby bill or otherwise.
EXPENSES OF GENERAL LAND OFFICE.
Mr. EDWARDS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Expenditures be
instructed to inqune into the expenses of the General Land
Office, and to leport what leduction may be made therein
consistently with the public interests.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. ALDRICBI, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to annul and abrogate all
treaties between the United States and certain
bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians in Minnesota,
and for the relief of the sufferers in that State by
the recent outbieak and depredations committed
by said Indians; which was readafirstand second
time, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I would inquire of the
chairman or acting chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means if Ins committee have any busi-
ness to bring before the House this morning.
Since there appears to be no business, I move
that the House do now adjourn.
TAX ON WHISKY.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman to allow me
to offer a resolution.
Mr. W ASHBURNE. I will waive my motion
until I hear the resolution read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
hereby instructed to consider the expediency of reducing
the tax on whisky to five cents per gallon, with a view to
increase the revenue.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I shall have to object to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I insist on my
motion. •
The motion was agreed to; and the House (at
twenty-five minutes to one o'clock, p. m.) ad-
journed-.  
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 3, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Byron Sunder-
land, D. D.
Hon. Robett Wilson, of Missouri, appeared
m his seat.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARRIS. I present the petition of Wil-
liam H. Ruab, piaying compensation for the ser-
vices of his father in the revolutionary war; which
I ask to have referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will take
that direction when the committees shall be an-
nounced.
Subsequently it was so referred.
Mr. HARRIS. I also present the memorial of
Samuel C. Bishop, and the Bishop Gutta Percha
Company, remonstrating against the passage of
a bill for the relief of George B. Simpson; which
Ij I desire to have lefeired to the Commute# on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office.
j. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will take
'j that direction when the committees shall be an-
;i nounc.ed.
|. Subsequently it was so referred.
j! KITTEItY NAYY-YARD.
jj Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
|; which was considered by unanimous consent, and
j- agieed to:
[! Resolved, That the ?*eeretaty of the Navy be instiucted
,' to inform toe f-enatc, if that provision ot the law parsed at
• • the lastfcf fc->ion of Congie^s. appropi lating £14,500 for the
j1 ptnehase oi 27.35.3 acu-^ of land <idj'K-ent to the Kiuerv
;; navy-yaid has been executed, and if not, why not; and
1 i also to inform th° Senate if anv attempts have been made to
;i negotiate foi  atdpuieha-e of land, and what aie the obs>ta-
!' elecs, if any, which have prevented the intention of Con-
|| gress, as expressed in said law, from being carried into
il effect.
