942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. While the Senator
from Illinois was speaking a few moments since,
I asked him if it was not true that Mr. Stanton,
the present Secretary of War, was in favor of re-
inforcing the forts in Charleston harbor during
Mr. Buchanan's administration. His answer will
be published. I now desire to state as a Senator,
ana responsible for what I say, that Mr. Stanton
advocated the reinforcement of the forts in Charles-
ton harbor during the entire period that that ques-
tion was up; and that any other statement is
unuue.
Mr. ANTHONY. The effect of this amend-
ment, I understand, is to exempt from taxation
the currency already afloat. Is not that the effect
of the amendment?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire that the Senator
front Kansas shall repeat what he said just now.
I did not hear him.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I stated from my place
in the Senate that, from first to last, Mr. Stanton,
the present Secretary of War, advocated the re-
inforcement of the forts in Charleston harbor, and
the policy of maintaining the authority of the Gov-
ernment everywhere within the United States. 1
put the question to the Senator while lie was speak-
ing whether it was not so. I say that any other
statement, anything contrary to this, is untrue.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg Senators to let that
discussion £?o over.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 beg the Senator from
Maine to allow me a minute to make a reply.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I had noticed wiiat the
Senator from Kansas was saying 1 should have
objected entirely to this matter coming in here at
thiri period when we are engaged on amendments.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 desire to have the
Senator fiom Maine and every other Senator un«
dnsnuid thin: I asked the Senator from Illinois if
it Vila not true that the present Secretary of War
hud maintained the propriety of reinforcing the
fori* in Charleston harbor. The Senator from Illi-
nois did not answer, but the Senator from Min-
nesota [Mr. Rice] did. The Senator from t\lin-
m-sotu n.ihI that there was no evidence that he had
ad\oeated that policy.
M r. RICHARDSON. I desire to say in reply
to (he Senator from Kansas a single word, and it
shall be but a word. I do not desire points to be
tnmlr on mo upon questions that I have not raised.
Tins talk about something being untrue which 1
have not stated, on a point foreign to the discus-
sion ihui 1 have had here, does not affect mo. I
desire to say to the Senator from Kansas here in
rify place to-night, that while I permit no man to
say thai what I have stated before the Senate is
untrue, I have made no statement in reference to
the reinforcement of the troops in Charleston har-
bor. Ifgcntlemen wish to make an issue with me,
the) c.uj have the issue direct without seeking a
foreign one.
Mr. RICE. I stated that if Mr. Stanton had
taken that course no one knew it at the tune. I
reiterate that remark; and I say that if he took the
rouise winch the Senator from Kansas says he did
take—and I am not disposed to question the Sen-
ator':-! statement—he would have appeared much
better befote the American people if he had fol-
lowed in the footsteps of Lewis Cass, and left that
Cabinet.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I must make the point of
order on ilus debate before it^oes any further.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Akthont.)
What is the point of order?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The whole debate is out
of M'd<jr; ii has no connection with the question
befrre the Senale.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairhas
no doubt that the point is well taken; the discus-
sion is en to i ly out of oulei.
Mi, LANE, of Kansas. I have only to say,
Mr. that when a statement i« made
hep- which does injustice to an officer of this
Administration, in my opinion 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I made the point of order.
Air, LANE, of Kansas. I will take the liberty
of d'-iwancmg the Senator from Illinois, or any
oth< r Sen.not who makes such a statement.
Tfu PRESIDING OFFICER. This is not in
Oi d< r.
Mt. CARL1LE addressed the Chair and was
recognized. *
Mr. RICHARDSON. I tell the Senator from
Kansas that he has charged me with asserting
what I did not assert, and upon that bases his
denunciation. He has no right to do it. I stand
hy what I said, and am responsible for it. The
Senator has said what is not true.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CARLILE. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will give me his ear., I wish to suggest a
modification of his amendment which I think will
secure the object we have in view. I have pro-
cured and have before me the amendment to this
section which was adopted by the Senate, and
the object in view can be reached by striking out
in that clause the word " average," and inserting
after the word t{ bills" the words " issued for cir-
culation as currency after the passage of this act."
If that be done, the clause will then read:
One half of one per cent, each half year, fiom and after
the 1st of Apiit, 18(53, until the 1st day of April, 1865, upon
the amount of notes or bills is&ucd for cneulation as cur-
rency alter the passage of this act, and outstanding as cur-
rency during the t ix months next preceding the return liere-
inaftei provided for.
This will effect the object that the Senator and
myself have in view.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky.
Mr. CARLILE. If you adopt his amendment
the words "banks, associations, corporations, or
individuals hereafter issuing notes or bills for cir-
culation as currency," in my view, will not reach
the object and effect the purpose the Senator says
he has in view, which is to tax notes that are here-
after put in circulation by these banks. The
amendment merely provides that all banking asso-
ciations, corporations, or individuals, heieafter is-
suing bills or notes for circulation, shall be taxed,
but it does not say how. It will not say how un-
less ho follows it up with some other. What are
they to be taxed on? The purpose I desire to ac-
complish is to tax these associations on the notes
and bills issued as currency after the passage of
this act.
Mr. DAVIS. That is my object.
Mr. CARLILE. Thcamcndmcntwhich I have
suggested will effect the object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia is not in order
at this stage of the proceedings, as the amend-
ment to which he proposes his amendment basal-
ready been adopted; but his amendment will be
in order after the bill shall have been reported to
the Senate.
Mr. CAKLILE. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, then, is not in order, I un-
derstand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is in
order, because it is to a portion of the bill which
has not been amended.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment that I offer is
sufficient to test the sense of the Senate, at any
rate, if the proposition which I make is adopted,
we can afterwards make it harmonious with the
bill; if it is notadopted, let it drop; and therefore
I think we may as well vote on it.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays,
Mr. CARLILE. I suggest to the Senator from
Kentucky that, in the opinion of some Senatois
—at least m the opinion of one—the insertion of
the word proposed by him will not effect the pur-
pose which we desire to accomplish, and there-
fore it is impossible to get the sense of the Sen-
ate directly upon the question.
Mr. I'OWKLL. Does the Senator propose an
amendment that will reach it?
Mr. CAKLILE. When we get in the Senate,
I nndeistand thattheameudruentl have suggested
will be m order, and then I will record my vote
for it.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw my call for the
yeas and nays.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLLAMER. I offer this amendment to
come m at the end of the eighth section:
And all hank^, associations, corporations, or individuals
dotni; business of banking, or inukmg loans, oi di>count<«,
oi bills upon deposits of money oi s-eeuntics,
shall be subject to pa\ a duty of one half oi one per cent,
each hall year, fiom and after April 1.1S63, upon the aver-
age amount of :;ud deposit duting tin- siX months next
preceding the teturns, and one pe; cnt. each sit months
alter Apui 1, 18C5, which letuuis shall he made at the
same timed and in Hie same manner and uad« r the same
penalty as provided for the returns of bank circulation in
this or any other act of Congress.
As the bill now stands the banks of the country
are to be taxed on their circulation. The city
banks, and especially the heaviest banks, hav^jio
circulation or very little. This is a proposition to
tax them on their deposits, tlfeir deposits being the
same to them as the circulation of the country
banks is to those banks.
Mr. POMEROY. I inquire if that amendment
will not tax the sums deposited with savings in-
stitutions ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Not at all. It applies to
banks negotiating securitiesand making discounts
upon paper.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That looks very fair on
its face; but it is not exactly what might be ex-
pected from the honorable Senator from Vermont.
It is very acute and cunning. He understands,
undoubtedly, what he is after. In the first place
his amendment is a violation of the principle on
which we act. Deposits do not interfere with us
at all. There may be more or less of deposits in
the banks without injuring us. The leading ob-
ject of the tax is, to use the word of the honorable
Senator, to entice banks issuing their own bills
for circulation to issue bills of another character.
It is not necessary to tax the deposits of the banks
in order to accomplish that purpose. They stand
on a different principle entirely. What will be
the result of taxing deposits? Nobody will be
benefited, because, probably, the depositors will
just withdraw their deposits, and not put their
money in bank. Nobody will be benefited by it
particularly; but since you have put a tax on cir-
culation, that the Senator thinks will trouble the
country banks, he proposes to impose a like bor-
den on banks that do not have much circulation,
but have deposits, by way of set-off. It is noth-
ing but spite; I use the term in no offensive sense.
I do not think it is worth while to iegislate from
any such principle. It really has no effect on the
question at issue.
Mr. COLLAMER. In one sense it may not
have; in another it has. One object, as is said ail
along here, is to induce bank capital to come into
the species of banking instituted by the bill which
we passed yesterday: to use their capital in taking
up the public securities and in that way relieve
the Government. If the country banks can ever
live at all under this present tax, it will be by
charging the tax to those who borrow money from
them. Suppo.se a man comes to a bank to bor-
iow $100 for sixty days. The bank may say to
him, u on all money we put out we have to pay a
tax of one per cent, to the Government; now, we
cannot ask any more than six per cent, a year
under our charter, but you must pay the tax to
the Government or else we canuot loan you the
money; we can not afford to pay the tax ourselves."
That would amount to lending money at seven per
cent, a year instead of six. in the mean time, the
city banks that have no circulation will lend money
at the common legal interest with us, six per cent.
Then the country banks, as compared with the
city banks, arc put in this position: they must
lend money at seven per cent, or lose, while the
city banks can lend on their deposits at six per
cent.
This is not a mere matter of spite, as the hon-
orable Senator says. It is a matter of deep im-
portance as between the country and the city
banks. I think it can be understood by those who
desire to understand it, that it is not spite. The
honorable Senator says that it will do no good.
Why, sir, the largest city banks that bank upon
their deposits, are those which it seems to me the
nation should most desire to persuade or entice
into this business, because they have most capital
to invest; and therefore by putting on here this
little enticement, this little persuasion, that we
have already put on the country banks, perhaps
we shall get some of that capital invested in the
Government bonds, which is of infinitely more
impui tauce than the capital of the country banks.
I do not wish to make any more words about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For oace in his life the
Senator from Vermont is either in a fog, or wants
to get other people into one, which is much more
probable. If a country bank is obliged to loan
at seven per cent., as he says, in order to make
money by putting out its own bills, 1 should like
to know how a city bank can loan at six per cent
and put out its own bills.
