1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the election of the standing committees.
The motion was agree# to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe the rule requires
that the committees shall be elected by ballot.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Such is the
rule of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate that they be elected by nom-
ination. I present the following nominations
which I send to the desk.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Rhode Island moves that the rule of the Sen-
ate requiring that the standing committees shall be
elected by ballot be suspended; and if there be no
objection, i-t will be suspended for this purpose.
The Chair hears no objection. The Senator from
Rhode Island moves that the following listconsti-
tnte the standing committees of the Senate for this
session; which will now be read.
The Secretary read the list, as follows:
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Sumner, (chairman,)
Foster, Doolmle, Wiimot, Browning, Davis, and Wright.
On Finance—Messrs. Fcssenden, (chairman.) Coiiainer,
Sherman, Howe, Cowan, Pearce, and McDousall.
On Commerce—Messis. Chandler, (chairman.) King.
Morrill, Wilson of Massachusetts, Ten Eyek, Arnold, and
Salisbury.
On Military -Affairs and the Militia—Messrs. Wilson of
Massachusetts, (chairman,) King, Lane of Indiana, ltico,
Howaul, Latham, and Ncsuutb.
On Naval JljJ-cns—Messrs. Hale, (chairman,) Grimes,
Foot, Sherman, Field. Kennedy, and McDougall.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Titnnbull, (chairman,) Fos-
ter, Ten Eyck, Hams, Howard, Bavaid, and Powell-
On the Post Office and PoU Roads—Messis. Collamcr,
(chairman,) Dixon, Trumbull, Rice, Latham, Henderson,
and Wtiley.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Harlan, (chairman,) Clark,
Pomeroy, Rice. Garble, Wriaht, and Harding.
On Private Land Claims—Mcs-is. Ilaius, (chairman.)
Sumnei, MoiriM, Howaul, and Baytnd.
On Indian Jlffans—Messts. Doohttle, (cliauman.) Wil-
kinson, Lane of Kansas, Harlan, Nesmith, Davis, and
Wilson of Missouri.
On Pensions—Messrs. Foster, (chairman,) Lane of In-
diana, Howe, Wiimot, Pomeroy. Saulsbury, and Willey.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. King, (chairman,)
Chandler, Wilkinson, Hale, and Nesmith.
On Claims—Messrs. Clmk, (chairman,) Howe, Wiimot.
Pomeroy, Field, Arnold, and Latham..
On the District oj Columbia—Messrs. Grimes, (chair-
man,) Dixon, Momll, Wade, Anthony, Kennedy, and
Henderson.
On Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs. Cowan, (chair-
man,) Sumnei, Harris, Field.' and SauNbuiy.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Mess™. Foot, (chair-
man,) Anthony, Chandler, Kennedy, and Henderson.
On Territories—Messrs.'Wade, (chairman,) Wilkinson,
Hale, Browning, Lane of Kansas, CaiUlc, and Wilson of
Missouri.
To -Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate—Messrs. Dixon, (chairman.) Claik, and Harding.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Lane of Indiana, (chair-
man,) Arnold, and llaiding.
On Printing—Messrs. Anthony, (chairman.) Harlan, and
Powell.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Browning, (chairman,) Wil-
iey, and Sauisbuiy.
0>t the Library—Messrs. Pearoe, (chairman,) Collamer,
and Fessendcn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Rhode Island moves that these names as
arranged and read shall constitute the standing'
committees of the Senate for this session.
The motion was agreed to.
REFERENCE OP PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That so much of the Ptesiuent's message as
relates to the Navy and naval affairs the i<-,poit of the
Secretaiy of the Navy, be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs,
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President'-* message as
relates to foreign affairs be reierred to we Committee on
Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered. That so much of the President's messn«rc a*
relates to the Territones of the United States be leforrcd j{
to the Committee on Tomtones. I
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was |!
Ordered, That so much of the. President's message as '!
relates to the finances of the United States he ic'ferred to \\
the Committee on Finance. jl
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was ji
Ordered, That so much of the President'* message a-s re-
lates to the public land - of the United States, and the report i
of the Commissioner of the Generai Land Office, be rcfeued j
to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered. That so nvieh of the Pre^ident-'s m^sasc as
relates to tin* co nmei'-,ial ldations atid interests of the
United States bp jf{e:re<l ro the Commutee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,
it was
Ordered, That so mueh of the President's message as
relates to tiie War Department and military operations
and uansactions, be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as
relates to the Post Office Department and communications
by international and other telegiaph lines, be referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. ,
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as
refer* to imnoi and mining interests, be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. WILKINSON, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as
relates to Indian affairs, be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
INDEMNIFICATION FOR INDIAN OUTRAGES.
Mr.RICE. I offer the following resolution and
ask for its present consideration:"
Resolved. That the Committee on Indian Affairs be re-
quested to report, at the earliest moment, a bill providing
for indemnification to the citizens of Minnesota who have
suffered losses in propcity, and otherwise, by the Sioux
Indians in their late inhuman attacks, upon the settlers of
that State.
Mr. HALE. That resolution, I think, is rather
unusual in its phraseology; it differs from the form
commonly used. I have no objection to the mat-
ter, but my impression isthat 'the resolution ab-
solutely instructs the committee to bring in abill.
It should be one of inquiry—that is the common
mode of doing things of that sort—and not a per-
emptory resolution of instruction.
THie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will he again read.
The Secretary rend the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire object to the present
consideration of the resolution?
Mr. HALE. I do, sir; but I do it simply be-
cause of its phraseology. I think it should be
one of inquiry.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Ft will lie over
under the rule.
Mr. RICE subsequently said: The honorable
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] ob-
jected to the consideration of the resolution offered
by me a short time since simply on account of its
phraseology. I have changed it so as to meet his
views; and I will ask, therefore, that it be con-
sidered at the present time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire withdraws his objection to
that resolution, and it will be read in its modified
form.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of reporting, at the
earliest moment, a bill providing for indemnification to the
citizen5: of Minnesota who have suffered looses in property,
and otherwise, by the Sioux Indians in theii late inhuman
attack* upon the settlers of that State.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ARREST OF CITIZENS OF DELAWARE.
Mr. SAULSBURY. In pursuance of notice
given yesterday, I offer the following resolution;
Rc&ohed, Tnat the Secretary of War be, and he is here-
by, directed to infoim the Senate whether Dr. John Laus
and Whuely Mercdun, or either of them, citizens of the
State of Dclawaie, have been at rested and imprisoned in
Fen Delaware; when they weie airested and so impiis-
oned ; the Hmiges- against thorn ; by whom made; by whose I
oi\lei  they were arre-t"d ard impusoned; and that he {
communicate to the Senate all papers relating to their j
arrest and unpi tfeunment.
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. CLARK. Let
it he over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it lies over under the rule.
CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to call up for
consideration the resolution I offered yesterday,
which was laid ovur under the rule. It is a res-
olution of inquiry.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is now in
order to cull up the resolution for consideration, j
and it will be read. |
The Secretary read it, as follows: j
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested \
to lurmsh to the Senate a statement of tne amount or .
amounts of money paid by the Government for legal sei- <
vices m prosecuting or investigating landtHles in the State
of California, and in prosecuting and defending spits to
which the United States was a party durlngrtbe years 1857,
1&38, 1859,1860, and 1861, and for what particular se^vjree
the several sums were paid, whether paid to agents, officers,
or counsel; also, upon whose order or-authority the Same
wis paid; also, a statement as to whom such sun^or suins
of money wds paid; also, what sum or sums of money Was
paid to parties dining tne same period for making researches
for the Government m reference to California land titles in
the city of Mexico, to whom paid, and for what particular
service in each and every instance.
The resolution was considered by urianimpua
consent, and agreed to. - _ * - .
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to: -
Resolved, That the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office be directed to inquire into the expediency of abol-
ishing the Department of Agriculture established at the last
session of Congress, and to report by bill or otherwise.
AMBULANCE AND HOSPITAL CORPS.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs.and
the Militia be directed to consider the expediency of pro-
viding by law for the establishment of acorps composed of
men especially enlisted for hospital and ambulance ser-
vice, with officers commissioned purposely to command
them, who shall have the entire charge, under the medical
officers, of the hospitals and of the ambulance wagons, so
as to enlaige the usefulness of this jiuniane service and
give to it the efficiency which is derived from organization.
SALE OF COLORED FREEMEN BY REBELS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to fur-
nish to the Senate any information which he may possess
with reference to the sale into slavery of colored freemen,
captured or seized by the rebel forces, and to state what
steps have been taken to redress this outrage upon human
rights.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the question is put on
the resolution I desire to read a letter which I have
received from a distinguished gentleman witji ref-
erence to that matter. It is from Professor Lie-
ber, one of the highest authorities of our age on
any question of public law. He writes to me as
follows:
Nkw York, November 28, 1862.
My'Dear Sumner: You have doubtless seen it stated
in the journals that on several occasions the enemy has
ordered the sale of captured freemen of color into slavery';
teamsters, camp attendants, seivants of officers, liospital
nurses, and other colored people belonging to our troops,
having fallen into the hands of the enemy, are  eported to
have been sold as slaves. I have been assured that in the
late invasion of Kentucky even free colored persons, wholly
unconnected with our Army, such as farmers and me-
chanics, have been carried off and sold.
If this be true, n is such a monstrous innovation in the
conduct of war by belligerents of European nations, and
tiieir descendants in other portions of the globe, and such
a relapse into barbarity, that it is highly important the facts
should be known.
I have endeavored to ascertain the truth, but my limited
means have led to no further result than the ascertainment
of the fact, that in high and low quarters no doubt is enter-
tained as to the truth that this sinister barbarity has been
added to the catalogue, of misdeeds boldly committed in the
•middle of the nineteenth century. Yet the citizen and the
statesman, the publicist and the historian, the Christian
and the honest man who desires that blurred humanity re-
ceive no additional spot, if it can be helped, all are equally
interested m knowing the truth.
Can the Senate do nothing to ascertain it? May not your
body request the proper authority to collect some definite
information?
The Turks sold their prisoners of war in their late, con-
tent with Greece into slavery when they did not butcher
them; but you know that they would not do so now. In-
deed, I have seen it stated in a modern work on the Laws
of Nat ions,'that in all piobability this would be the la&t case
in the history of civilized or semi-civtiized nations. Have
we then to make this marginal annotation ? " Probably with
Europjan Ob • >tian< am! Mohammedan's, and possibly with
Amviiou;, p g in-, but ,io; with American Christians,"
1 am, vei v truJv, vours,
FRANCIS LIEBER.
Hon, Charles Sumner,
Senator United States. Washington, D. C.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the resolution presented by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The resolution was adopted.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. H4.LE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill rwaling; "An act to es-
tablish and equalize the grade of line officers of
the United States Navy," pasted July 16, 1869.
