1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
943s
Mr. COLLAMER. It does not putoutitsbills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it does not, then it does
not interfere with us; it does not lend by way of
circulation; and that is the very point to which I
wish to bring the Senator. The moment they
issue circulation to interfere with us we tax them.
So long as they do not there is no reason why
we should interfere with them. They may do
their legitimate business in their own way, with-
out our interference. It is only the question of
circulation that we touch.
Mr. COLLAMER. Our own currency is in
the cities deposited in bank. In the country the
people keep the money in their pockets. The
country banks loan upon their circulation m the
pockets of the people. The city banks loan upon
the money which 'is deposited with them, it is
precisely the same thing to the banks. It is im-
material to them whether I keep their money in
my pocket or deposit it in their vault. The result
is the same to them. In the cities men do not
keep their money in their pockets, but deposit in
bank, and draw it out when they need it. On the
aveiage of those deposits the bank loans are made.
The gentleman asks, what do they loan? These
very bills, if you please, our own bills. They
bank on them. Complaint is made about other
people banking on them; but I cannot see any
reason for the complaint; nobody is injured by it.
The gentleman is keeping his eye always on
the currency, instead'of on the operation ot the
tax; and therefore it seems to me he keeps con-
stantly looking at the game, and does not look at
his gun in firing at it. The great object is not
merely to get, if you please, a uniform circulation,
as he says, but also to induce the banks to come
into it. Now, the very same inducement which
yon hold out to the country banks will apply to
the city banks, if you adopt this amendment. I
see no reason for a difference. Both restprecisely
on the same principle. If people will not make
their deposits when the banks will not lend—I do
not see why tliey should not continue to lend—
then you have just so much more money in the
hands of those various people who want to make
provision for it, and have it earn something; and
it may go into the bonds ot the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They will not put their
money into our stocks because they cannot de-
posit it, but rather into houses, mortgages, or
something of that sort. It will not make our
stocks go any better.
Mi. COLLAMER. That argument, if it is
good for anything, goes the whole length. If the
country banks are wound up, the stockholders will
not put their money into our stocks, but into mort-
gages.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer the following amend-
ment to be added at the end of the eighth section:
In determining the amount of circulation upon which
am hank or banking association or individual banker i«
liable to pay the duty pi escribed by tins section, the amount
of any bonds 01 stocks of tbc United Statoe held by any &uch
hank or bank war association or individual banker for the halt
year next preceding the time when such duty '-hall be re-
quned to be paid according to the provision* ot this section,
shall be deducted Irom the aveiage amountof notes or bills
upon which such duty is chaigeable.
if I understand the great purpose of this sec-
tion, it is to open a market for Government stocks,
to so put such a pressure on our State banks as that
they will be compelled to abandon their present
system of banking, go into the market or come to
Washington and purchase United States stocks,
and make those the basis of their circulation. Now,
sir, if a bank holds Government stocks already—if
it has already been so patriotic as to take Govern-
ment stocks at par, as many of our banks have—
shall it be taxed on its circulation when it holds
these very Government stocks as the basis of its
circulation? I know a bank of $150,000 capital
which now has more than §300,000 of the Gov-
ernment stocks: and yet, under the provisions of
this bill, you will tax that bank, while it is hold-
ing these Government stocks, one or two per cent,
upon its circulation. Is-thatfair? Is it equitable ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. In other words, the Sen-
ator asks us to let off the banks of New York; do
not tax them anything; they have got a great deal
ofGovemmentstoeks; make an exception in their
ense.
Mr. SHERMAN. It would also operate m an-
other way. What inducement would any person
have to go into one of these new ban'frs, if he can
hold stocks of the United States and issue the
amount of those stocks m notes of a private bank,
and the bonds would be free from taxation, and
the notes would be free from taxation. It is a
very singular proposition; it would defeat any-
thing like a banking system under the bill we have
passed. f
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. CARLILE. Sgut now in order to offer the
amendment which I suggested ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia will attain his object by excepting
from the general vote the amendment to which he
alludes. .
Mr. CARLILE. I desire to do that, so thatP
can in order make the proposition I have before
suggested.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to except all the votes
relating to the eighth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those will be
excepted.
Mr. TEN EYCK. If it ism order now, I wish
in the Senate to renew the amendment offered by
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole are
first in order.
Mr. CLARK. I ask that one other be excepted,
and that is the amendment in the thirty-fifth line,
page 10.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
noted.
The amendments that were not excepted were
concurred in.
Mr. CARLILE. I now offer the amendment
which I suggested,and ask for the yeas and nays,
i propose the amendment adopted to the eighth
section, to strike out the word " average" where
it occurs, and after the word "bills" to insert,
" issued for circulation after the passage of this
act, and;" so that the clause will read:
Tliat all banks, associations, corporations, or individuals
issuing notes or bills for elieulation iw currency, shall be
subject to and pay a duty of'one lialf of one per cent, each
half year from and atter Apnl 1,18G3, until the 1st day of
April". 1 and upon the amount of notes or bills issued
for calculation attor the passage of this act, and outstand-
ing as cuireney duung the six months, &c.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. The effect of the amend-
ment would be to exempt from all taxation
$J67,000,OOOof circulation now outstanding. The
banks have already issued some $40,000,000 more
' than tliey ought to have done; and as they cannot
probably issue much more without inflating every-
thing beyond all limit, this will be substantially
freeing them from all taxation whatever. That
will be the effect. Unless you tax the existing
circulation you had better withhold your taxation
altogether.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to understand why the
Senator from Ohio says the banks have issued
$40,000,000 more than they ought to have issued.
I am not aware of any ground on which to make
such a statement.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make it on this ground:
when they paid their notes in specie they had but
|127,000,000 out, and they issued as much as was
needed and as much as was demanded, as much as
they could pay for in specie. Since they suspended
specie payments, are not restrained by that pro-
vision, their issues have gone up to $167,000,000,
so that they now have $40,000,000 out more than
they could issue when they had to pay specie for
their notes. Now, it is proposed to allow them
to issue §167,000,000 free from taxation,and only
tax what they shall issue hereafter.
Mr. HARRIS. So far as relates to my State
I can state that the Senator from Ohio is quite
incorrect. Not a dollar has been issued by any
bank in the State of New York except according
to law, the provisions of the banking act of that
State.
Mr. CARLILE. If there has been an increase
of circulation by the banks since the suspension
of specie payments, that increase has been i n every
instance in pursuance of the laws of the States
governing those banks, and it has been caused not
by a desire on the part of the banks to increase
their circulation, but because of the increased de-
mand for currency brought about by the expan-
sion of the price "of almost everything which is
the subject of trade in the country.
But, sir, I would ask of the honorable Senator
from Ohio, what right has Congress to interfere
with contracts heretofore made by these banks
under the laws that then existed ? These banks
have issued what is now in circulation under the
laws as they then existed, charging such a rate
of interest and receiving such a remuneration tor
the notes they have put into circulation as they
were authorized to do under existing laws5. Now-,
you propose to put an additional tax, and thus
depreciate what they hold for this circulation, di-
minish the ordinary profits of the bank. I think,
it ought to be sufficient for us to tax the future
circulation of these institutions. I do not believe
that we have the power to go behind and tax the
circulation that was put into existence before the
passage of this law. But, sir, if the Senator's
argument be right, that the notes issued by the
Government of the United States are preferable
as a currency to the notes issued by the banks of
the several States, the circulation will be returned
to them, and if they have a circulation at all, it
must be hereafter put out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The tax that is put on is
exceedingly low now; it is only one per cent.;
but this would be a sufficient inducement, I sup-
pose, to the banks just to keep out their circula-
tion , if they could contrive to do so; and the result
would be that we should get little or no tax atall.
It might render what we have already done en-
tirely nugatory.
Mr. COWAN. I do not think it will be the
interestof the banks to keep out their circulation,
if I rightly appi'ehended what will be the work-
ing of the bank bill which we have passed. By
that bill, they will deposit their bonds with the
Government, and receive from the Government
interest upon those bonds and notes almost to the
same amount for circulation; and by that means
I think they will be in a better shape than if they
kept out their own circulation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But this is to induce them
to keep out their own circulation, if they are able
to do so.
Mr. COWAN. This is to relieve them from
the tax on circulation already issued, in the hope
that by the advantages which our bank bill offers
them their own circulation will be taken in with-
out the pressure of the tax, and that is my be-
lief. I was opposed to the passage of the bank
bill, because I believed it gave the banks an undue
advantage. What was the proposition as em-
bodied in that bill passed here? Why, that a
bank may carry $100,000 of our bonds to the
Treasury Department, and deposit them there,
and receive back $90,000 of our notes, based on
the same credit and being entitled to have precisely
the same value; and after having received $90,000
of notes which they can circulate, they also re-
ceive six per cent, interest on the bonds. It is
true, the Government reserves to itself the poor
privilege of retaining, half yearly one per cent.;
still it leaves the banks to receive four per cent, on
the bonds, and get the circulation besides. That
circulation, ofcourse, they take, and they loanitto
our people; and they are the same precisely with
the Government—what is taken from one is taken
from the other; they loan that at six, eight, ten,
perhaps twelve per cent. In my judgment, al-
though I know little of the matter, and pretend to
know very little, 1 think it will be the object of
the banks, as soon as they can get in their circu-
lation, to close with the Government's terms, tta
offered by that bill, and that the pressure of this
tax is not so necessary by one half as most Sen-
ators who are favorable to the provision seem tft
think that it will be. I would therefore favor tax-
ing the subsequent issues; but let those that.are
already out remain out, and if they come in in
order to take advantage of the bank bill, very
well; if not, let them remain restricted to where
they were.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You must have some
time fixed for imposing the tax upon the actual
circulation; but to leave it loose in this way, ex-
empting what is already out, will make it im-
possible to manage the thing with any sort of cer-
tainty.
Mr. COWAN. I was in favor of allowing this
amendment to remain as it was, but for a subse-
quent amendment, which I desire the Senate to re-
consider. The amendment adopted to section eight
was that the notes issued and outstanding during
the six months next preceding the return here-
inafter provided for should be subjected to tax.
