6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
Mr. TEN EYCK gave notice of his intention
to ask leave, to introduce a bill for the relief of
Edward Williams.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages of an executive character were
received from the President of the United. States,
by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary.
Mr. SUMNER. I move thatthe Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 3, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
"by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER, as the legular oider of busi-
ness, called the committees for reports; when no
reports were submitted.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States for resolutions and bills on leave.
AGRICULTURAL FUND.
Mr. CALVERT submitted the following reso-
lutions; which were read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Patents be rtitected
to inform this House what amount of the agricultural fund
was expended from Ht Jc\mi<uy,U>G2,to the time when the
fund and books were tranMVired to the Commissioner of
Agriculture, specifying the items ot such expenditure, and
ols>o if any contracts had been made to be paid out of «aui
fund which have not been satisfied; and if so, to what
amount, to whom due, and £or what purposes?
Resolved, That the Commissioner ot Agriculture br di-
rected tomfoim this House wiiat amount of the agricul-
tural fund has been expended under Jiisdireetion up to this
time, specifying the items, and if any eonnaets ate now
outstanding and unpaid ; and if so, to what amount and on
what account ?
BOUNTY TO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. HOLMAN submitted the following reso- !
lution, upon which he demanded the previous j
question: I
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Aff.iiis be in- j
itructed to teport a bill so amending the fifth section of the j
act entitled " An act to autlmrue the employment of vol- j
untccrs to aid in enforcing the laws and piotecting the
public property,*' approved July 2-2, ISGI, as to allow to vol- I
unteerswbo have been oi shall be honorably dtsehaiged on j
'account of wounds or other disability arising from actual 1
f-ervice such pan of the bounty ot $200 piovnicd fui in said !
section as shall be pioportlonate tothe time of said service.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think the resolution ought
to be one of inquiry merely.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to make a suggestion
to the House which I think will obviate all objec-
tion to the resolution. I trust it will be so modi-
fied as to make it simply a resolution of inquiry,
and then we can all agree to let it be referred to the
committee.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I would like to say in an-
swer to the gentleman only this: that the subject
has already been before the House, and that the
principle is a very simple otic, it is whether we
shall pay the bounty allowed by the act to sol-
diers honorably discharged on account of wounds
or disabilities incurred in actual service, in the
proportion that the time of service bears to the
whole time of enlistment. 'Die subject is one
which is familiarly understood by all the mem-
bers of the House, and it s>eems to me that the
Committee on Military Affairs ought to be spe-
cially instructed upon the subject.
Mr. OL1N. Permit me to say one word in re-
lation to the reference proposed in this resolution.
The question whether bounty shall be paid to the
soldiers, the House wiil perceive at once, is not a
military question at all. Every member of the
e House is as capable of judging whether it is wise
or politic or proper, under the circumstances, as
the Committee on Military Affairs. If there is
any objection to the measure, it may be that it
arises out of the state of the finances of the coun-
try, and the ability of the country to meet such a
demand as this. 1 think that the reference of such
a question as this should be lather to the Commit-
tee of Wavs and Means than to the Committee
on Military Affairs. But the principal objection
that I have to it is that the House should adopt a
resolution instructing a committee to pass at once
upon any subject,and to reportabill to theHousc.
It assumes that the House has already made up
its mind so definitely that it is not worth while to
ask a committee to consider it for a moment. I
wish, therefore, that the gentleman from Indiana
would so modify his resolution as to make the
subject a matter for inquiry, directing the commit-
tee, if he desires it, to report upon it. Rut, in my
judgment, it should go rather to the Committee
of Ways and Means than to the Committee on
Military Affairs. It is simply a question whether
the country is in a condition to adopt such a meas-
ure, especially at this time, when almost all the
volunteers in the field have been paid bounties to
such an amount as never was paid before for sim-
ilar service. Bounties have been paid in very many
of the States almost equal to the amount paid by
the General Government. Is it wise, under that
state of affairs, further to burden the country with
these additional amounts?—for every man, I take
it, who enters the volunteer service will be either
disabled by wounds or through the hardships of
camp life. Such a provision as this amounts, in
effect, to the payment of a pension to alpiost every
man who has evidence of having been in the ser-
vice.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Olin] has certainly said well, that the
principle involved in the resolution is one that can
be as easily understood and acted on by the House
as by a committee, on full inquiry. The act of
22d July, 18G1, gives bounties of §100 to soldiers
serving for the period of two years. This resolu-
tion proposes to pay to those who have been in the
service and been discharged on account of wounds
or disabilities, the proportion of the bounty cal-
culated on their period of service. It seems to
me thatthe principle is right—so manifestly right
thatthe proper committee should be imperatively
instructed on the subject. It was before the House
at the last session, and there was no great differ-
ence of opinion as to the principle. The amount
to be paid is not very large. The soldiers who
enlisted in the service since the last adjournment
ofOongress have each received an advance bounty
of twenty-five dollars from the General Govern-
ment; and it is a very just and grave ground of
complaint on the part of those who enlisted under
the act of July 22, 18G1, that they have not been
the recipients of any bounty at all. It seems to
me, therefore, that the committee should be in-
structed imperatively, and that the Military Com-
mittee is a more appropriate reference than is the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to say a single word,
ft is simply this: the gentleman from Indiana
will himself see the impropriety of this hasty le-
gislation. His resolution states that the bounty
allowed under the act of July 22, 1SG], is §200,
whereas it is really but $100. I think the subject
had better go through the usual forms. I sup-
pose there is no objection to the thing itself^, but
it is better to have all these matters referred reg-
ulaily to a committee than to instruct the com-
mittee imperatively to report.
Mr. HOLMAN. I notice that, in quoting the
act referred to, the sum ought to be §100 instead
of #200. Inasmuch as this is supposed to be a
rather hasty mode of legislation, I propose, at the
instance of friends, to modify the resolution so as
simply to instruct the committee to inquire into
the subject.
The resolution was so modified.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] insist on his motion
to lay the resolution on the table?
Mr. STEVENS. Unless it be modified.
The SPEAKER. It has been modified.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I withdraw the motion.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
The call of States and Territories for resolu-
tions was resumed and completed,
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House
do now adjourn. The Committee of Ways and
Means has nothing to do at present, and probably
will not have till next week. I therefore feel at
liberty to move to adjourn lest we might do some-
thing worse.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half past twelve o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 4, 1862.
Prayer by Rev. Warren Randolph, of Penn-
sylvania.
Hon. James R. Doolittle, of Wisconsin, and
Hon. Anthony Kennedy, of Maryland, appeared
in their seats.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
VOLUNTEER NATAL APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be In-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by
law that all appointments m the volunteer naval service
shall be submitted to the Senate for confirmation, in the
same manner as if they were appointed in the regular
Navy.
DISCHARGE OF SOLDIERS.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia be instructed to inquire into the propriety of re-
porting a bill requiring that all legiments or bodies of sol-
diers hereafter discharged from the service of the United
States, shall be discharged within the State in which they
were enlisted or called into the service.
EMANCIPATION AND DEPORTATION.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring,) That so mucll of the President's message as
relates to " compensated emancipation" and c: deporta-
tion," he referred to a select committee of three members
of the Senate and five members of the House of Represent-
atives.
If there be no objection, I should like to have
the resolution considered to-day.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think the
resolution had better lie over. It is a very im-
portant one.
The PRESIDENT;jro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it lies over under the rule.
ARMY OP THE POTOMAC.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following res-
olution :
j Revolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed to
communicate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the
public scrvicc, all correspondence, telegrams, letteis, and
leports concerning the military operation-; of the army of
the Potomac since its withdrawal from Harrison's land-
ing, and all correspondence, letteis, telegrams, and reports
iclating to the suuentter of Harper's Feiry, and the testi-
mony taken before the committee of investigation upon
such surrender.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think the
resolution may lie over until to-morrow morning.
I do not know that I shall be opposed to_jt, but I
wish to look into it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it will lie over.
LIBERATION OF SLAVES.
Mr. CLARK asked, and by unanimousconsent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 103) approving the policy of the President
in setting slaves free in insurrectionary districts;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CLARK. I presume it is unnecessary to
refer the joint resolution, as it is simple in its
character. I move that it lie on the table, and be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
NATAL GRADES.
Mr. HALE, agreeably to previous notice,asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 401)
to repeal an act entitled " An act to equalize and
establish the grade of line officers in the United
States Navy;' which was read the first time by
its title.
Mr.-HALE. As this bill is an important one
I will ask the attention of the Senate for a moment
to a statement of its objects. It proposes to repeal
the legislation of the last session establishing and
equalizing grades i n the Navy of the United States.
To my apprehension some of the most vicious
principles are involved in that act that were ever
incorporated into the legislation of the country;
and 1 will say further that, so far as the att has
had any effect, the very worst consequences, in my
humble judgment, that could have been antici-
