944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
February 13.
That would subject the notes issued and remain-
ing outstanding between May and November;
but when ihc word " Oe.tober," in the thirty-fifth
line, is stricken out and "April3' inserted, it
makes all the notes which liave been or shall be
issued between last November and next May sub-
ject to tax, winch is a very different thing, and
embrac&s, within the sweep of the bill, notes al- 1
ready issued, as well as notes which may be is-
sued between this and May. If this word " Oc-
tober" is to remain in the bill, as it was reported
from the Committee on Finance, I have no objec-
tion. That will obviate the difficulty I have,
which is now felt respecting the tax on past issues.
Mr.' FESSENDEN. That is reserved.
Mr. COWAN. I suppose it will come up for
subsequent consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. COWAN. I would suggest to the honor-
able Senator from Virginia whether he had not
better perhaps withdraw his amendment, and
move to amend by again inserting the word " Oc-
tober'' in place of " April." Will not that reach
the object ?
Mr. CARLILE. If my amendment shall be
adopted, 1 think the Senator's object will be ac-
complished more readily than if it be rejected.
He will find it hard to get " October" back there.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Caillle,Cowa«, Davis,
Foot, Uams, Powell, Ricluvrd&o , Saulbtiury, Ten Eyek,
and Wall—12.
NAYS—Me-^rs. Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Dooiittle, Fes-
pcudon, Fo^rrr, Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, Hicks, How-
ard, Howe, King. Lane of Indiana, Laiift of Kansas, Nes~
mitb, Ponieroy,'Rieo, SHeiman, Sumner, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilxon ot Massachusetts—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. CLARK. I want to call the attention of
the Senator from Maine, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, to an alteration of this
section, so as to make the months July ant! Jan-
uary instead of April and October. I think they
are better times of the year, one being the com-
mencement of the fiscal year, and the other the
middle of it; and I should like to have these alter-
ations made, if there be no objection, so as to
have the accounts rendered in January and July.
Mr. COWAN. That is early enough, at least.
Mr. SHERMAN. The onlv objection to that
amendment, so iat us I know, i.s that the general
Lank reports aie made in October and April. It
m so wnli us, and in most of the States. It is
only a mattei of convenience.
Mr. CLARK. L am not very particular about
it. There seems to be a division about the time,
and I do not move the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole to the eighth section.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the amendment just
moved by the Senator from New Hampshire will
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
fust put the question on concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Wiioie to the
eighth section, which the Senator from Virginia
proposed to amend, and his amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire is now
in order.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to know what is the
amendment just adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the eighth section, adopted in Committee
of the Whole. It is now concurred in by the
Senate.
Mr. COWAN. Is that the amendment insen t-
ing "April " instead of " Octobci
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment just voted on was an amendment rn-uie as m
Committee of the Whole to the eighth section.
The amendment was originally reported by the
G-munittee on Finance, and was amended on the
motion of the Senator from New Hampshire.
The Senator from Virginia proposed to amend it;
but his amendment was rejected, and then the
question was upon the amendment made us in
Committee of the Whole,and it was concurred m.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to have the Clerk
report what is the amendment just adopted.
Mr. CLARK. The amendment adopted is the
amendment I proposed in committee. It has now
been adopted in the Senate.
Mr. HARRIS. One per cent, for two years,
and then two per cent. ?
Mr. CLARK. That is it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of thfe Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. I have not proposed any now.
I merely made a suggestion*, but on hearing a di-
versity of opinion 1 do not offer the amendment.
There is an amendment on which a vote has not
been taken, and on which I asked for a separate
vote, on page 30, where "April" was inserted in-
stead of "October;" but on further examination
of the bill I do not think it worth while to oppose
that amendment, and I am willing that it should
be adopted.
Mr. COWAN. I propose to amend that by
inserting the word "July" in place of "April."
Mr. CLARK. Itdoes notmakeany difference
in that place.
Mr. COWAN. Yes, it does.
The amendment of Mr. Cowan was declared
to be agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not understand what
amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. COWAN. To make it July instead of
April.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire a division on
that. I did not understand what it was.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question again.
Mr. COWAN called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I can convince the
Senator from Pennsylvania, if he will hear me,
that the word " October" should not be stricken
out in line thirty-five of section eight, unless it is
in other parts of the bill. Tin's merely provides
for the list or return to be made, that it shall bo
made in October next,and that is the time when,
under the bill, tho tax is to be levied. If you
change " October" here and make it" July," you
will have the return made in July and the tax
levied in April! That would be improper. If
you leave m "April" in the first part of the sec-
tion, you ought to leave " October" in this. The
tax is levied semi-annually, and the return is made
semi-annually. This part which it is proposed
to amend, simply provides that the return shall
be made on the. 1st of October.
Mr. COWAN. I am not prepared to say that
the bill is not incongruous, and incongruous in
two or three places. It would be worse without
the amendment just adopted than with it. In the
first place, the section provides that all banks, as-
sociations, corporations, or individuals, issuing
notes or bills for circulation as currency, shall be
subject to and pay a duty of one half percent, each
half year from and after April 1, 1863, until April
1, 1865, and then one percent. Then the amend-
ment adopted declares that they shall pay taxes
for ail notes issued and outstanding during the six
months next preceding the return hereinafter pro-
vided for, and then it is amended on the other
side by making the day of return the 1st of April,
1863.
Mr. CLARK. October.
Mr. COWAN. I want it to remain " October,"
but Senators persist in striking out "October"
and putting m the 1st of April, 1863, thus making
it incongruous, and the Semite voted to strike out
and did strike out " October."
Air. SHERMAN. As I understand the bill,
Mr. COWAN. Allow me to go on. When
October was stricken out there was opposition,
but I yielded to the suggestion made by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire to insert July instead
of that, or any other words to meet gentlemen
halt way; but now that does not satisfy them. I
am satisfied with October as it was.
Mr. CLARK. Let it stand "October."
Mr. COWAN. That is just what I want.
That is the way the bill was repoited from the
Finance Committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment of the Gom-
mittee of the Whole by striking out "October,"
and inserting "April."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to explain.
The committee voted to strike out October and*
insert April. The question should now be on
concurring in the amendment of the committee.
Those who want it April will vote ay; those who
want it to remain as it is will vote no. The ques-
tion is on concurrence.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose the gentleman
really does not expect to have an account ren-
dered next April.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be in thirty days
after that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The language is just as
plain as it can be, " that all banks,"&c.,shall be
subject to pay a tax of one half per cent, each half
year from and after April 1, 1863, &c. Then it
provides, " and a list or return shall be made and
rendered within thirty days after the 1st day of
October, 1863, and each six months thereafter."
The first return is on the 1st of October and in-
cludes the six months preceding, fiom the 1st of
April to the 1st of October. ~
Mr. COWAN. That must be read in connec-
tion with the amendment made by the Committee
on Finance, and then they are congruous and all
right.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be October.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
The amendment made as1 in Committee of the
Whole was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask for a division again upon
the adoption of the amendment of the Committee
of Finance as a substitute for the eighth section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has been agreed to
in the Senate.
Mr. HARRIS. I want a division on that ques-
tion. It is the most important vote that has been
taken in the Senate for the last year, and 1 desire
another division on that question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to the Senator's
having it. The vote was taken.
Mr. HARRIS. Well, I move to reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York moves to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate agreed to the amendment made
in Committee of the Whole to the eighth section.
Does the Senator ask for the yeas and nays?
Mr. HARRIS. Not on the reconsideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can have the
yeas and nays as well on reconsidering as on the
other question. x
Mr. HARRIS. I do not care how it is put. I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HARRIS. I prefer to have a direct vote
upon the proposition itself, not upon a reconsid-
eration. I do not like this indirect mode of get-
ting at it. I want a direct vote upon the question
whether the Senate will adopt the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on Finance, or will adopt
the House section as amended by the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I inquire what is the use
of doing it ? The Senator has had one direct vote
on it alieady 111 committee, and he can test the
question just as well on the motion to reconsider
as in any other way.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 did not require to be in-
formed by the Senator from Maine that there had
been a direct vote on the question m committee,
but I think I have a right, representing, as I do,
a very great interest, deeply affected by this ques-
tion, to have a division taken when the Senate is
more full than it was when the vote was taken in
committee; and I trust the Senator from Maine
will not deny me that right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is no right at all, sir.
The Senator, as i said, can have his vote on the
motion to reconsider just as well as on the other,
if the Senate does reconsider, then he has the
vote on the amendment itself.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I understand the Senator
from New "V ork, he was taken by surprise when
th'1 vote was put on the amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. I was not aware that the ques-
tion had been taken on concun mg in the report of
the committee upon the adoption of the amend-
ment. If the Senator from Maine chooses to
deny me the right to have that vote taken again,
he has an opportunity of doing so.
