1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pated, have followed. The principle to which
1 allude the Navy, or some of those who are in-
terested in it, have been besieging Congress to
adopt ever since the adoption of the Federal Con-
stitution, but our predecessors constantly refused
it. In an unfortunate hour, however, we lent a
listening ear and incorporated into our legislation
a measure which looks to promotion for merit and
makes merit the criterion of promotion. That
sounds well, very well; but the practical eftectot
it is., and always will be, to substitute caprice and
favoritism for merit. Sincc that act was passed
the President of the United States has told me that
he has been daily besieged with complaints of its
operation; and it always will be so.
By that law an advisory board of officers is
made the judge who shall be promoted. When
the subject was before the Senate last session, I
endeavored to introduce something which I thought
might qualify that principle, and I mefved as an
amendment that the advisory board should not be
constituted entirely of naval officers, but that it
should have the assistance of two eminent civil-
ians. That proposition met the approbation of
the Senate, and it was incorporated into the bill,
but the House of Representatives, from some in-
fluences, 1 am not prepared to say what, struck it
out, and it went to a committee of conference and
the Senate abandoned it. The result has been,
in my judgment—and I speak for myself to
shelve and put out of active service some of the
very best officers m the Navy. I should be glad
to believe that that was done by mistake, but I
do not believe it. I do, however, believe that
when that act is so construed and so carried out,
it carries out its object and intent cxactly, and
that what 1 should be glad to know are abuses are
not so.
I ask that the hill be committed to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. When that shall have
been done, I promise for one—and I have no
doubt every member of the committee will coop-
erate with me, though 1 have not ascertained the
views of one of them, or of a single member of
the Senate in relation to it—that it shall have the
most earnest and diligent and searching examin-
ation. .
There is another point to which I wish to call
the attention of the Senate, and then I shall leave
the subject. The Secretary of the Navy, in his
report, tells us, in substance, that the act to which
I have referred, in one of its important features,
is unconstitutional, and upon that assumption he
has disregarded its plain and obvious provision
in relation to the filling up of the Naval Academy.
He gravely informs us that he proposes to make
one hundred and thirty-nine more appointments
in that service, unless Congress interfere. It
strikes rne that that is an anomalous condition of
things. I have thought that it was a stretch ot
power in the Supreme Court of the United States
to undertake to declare acts deliberately passed
to be unconstitutional; but that an executive offi-
cer o f the Government, the head of a Department,
should, of his own motion, take up an act of Con-
gress deliberately passed, and tell Congress that
it is of doubtful constitutionality, and that he has
disregarded it, and intends to disregard it, seems
to me to be an assumption that requires the at-
tention of Congress.
Again, sir, there is another matter m that bill.
There wasan innovation made; foraprovision was
inserted that the President of the United States
might appoint ten midshipmen at large. That
provision was in two bills. My excellent and
astute friend from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] being a
little more jealous than I was, procured the adop-
tion of a proviso, as plain as he could get human ^
language to express it, that this provision, bejng .
inserted twice, should not authorize the appoint- j
ment of more than ten. Yet, sir, what have they ,
done? They have appointed twenty. I under- ]
stand they have got an opinion of the Attorney ;
General authorizing it, the point of which is that i
(I shall" means "shall not,5' and "shall not ^
means " shall." . !
Now, sir, I hope this matterwill be submitted i
to the Committee on Naval Aftairs, and that the ,
whole subject will be investigated. It is one of ,
vast importance; it is one of great moment; it is |
one that at this time demands the earnest and .
deliberate attention of Congress. j
The bill was read a second time, and referred |
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. '
DEATII OF TIIE HON. JOHN R. THOMSON.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, on a gloomy-
day in last September, a long procession took its
quiet way through the shady streets of a fine old
Jersey town, nor stayed its measured step until
it stopped amidst the spruce and hemlock boughs,
near by the spot where sleep the bones of Edwards,
Witherspoon.and Burr, and many others famous
in their day for statesmanship and letters.
There, beside an open grave, stood the Bishop of
New Jersey and his assistants; there, about that
grave, stood men in high position, from all parts
of the State and from other States; and there also
stood men eminent in {he professions and in the
varied walks and business of life. The tribute
was a fitting one! It was the funeral of a loyal
Senator, of a hater of rebellion, of a true Union
max! ,
John Renshaw Thomson, late a Senator trom
New Jersey, died, at his residence in Princeton,
on the 12th day of September last. He had been
sick for months. This kept him from his seat
during the latter portion of the late protracted
Congress. Early'm the session he felt the influ-
ence of disease; he struggled hard against it; he
tried to meet the Senate in its daily sessions, but
was at last compelled to yield.
Mr Thomson was born in Philadelphia on the
25th day of September, 1800, and was within a
few days of being sixty-two years of age at the
time of his death.
Early in life he entered the College of New J er-
sey, but becoming interested in mercantile pur-
suits, left before graduating and went to China,
where he remained for several years. He was
consul of the United States at Canton the latter
' part of the time, buring his stay in China he
! was distinguished as a merchant. Me left ^an-
i ton in the spring of 1825, and in the winter of the
' same year was married to Miss Annie Stockton,
a daughter of Hon. Richard Stockton, a most em-
inent and distinguished lawyer ot New Jersey,
once a member of this body.
Upon his marriage Mr. Thomson established
his residence in Princeton, where he continued
to live up to the time of his death. He soon be-
came associated in interest and feeling with the
people and business of the State. In 1830 he be-
came identified with the two great works of inter-
nal improvement in the State—the Camden and
Amboy railroad and the Delaware and Raritan
canal. He was a director of one or both of these
companies after they were united, and so con-
tinued up to the time ofhis death. After the death
of his first wife he entered largely into politics.
He had always belonged to the Democratic party,
but was not prominent as a politician until he
became a candidate for Governor in lb44. i nor
to this, however, he had taken a leading part in
the measures which led to the calling of a con-
vention for the formation of a new constitution
for the State
On the 2d of July, 1776, two days before the
Declaration of Independence, the Provincial Con-
gress of New Jersey had fiamed a constitution,
i which, though possessing many excellent pro-
! visions, born of the spirit of liberty then awak-
■ ened, and dear to the citizens of the State on ac-
• count of its revolutionary and early origin, being
1 in advance of most of the other States in this re-
i spect, still was*liable to many grave objections,
'■ rendering changes and amendments desiraole.
'! With a view to this, Mr. Thomson prepared and
!| delivered able addresses to meetings called for that
!' nurpose, and in this way, and by articles prepared
: for the public press, he probably contributed a?
' largely as any other person to bring about that
! result. He was a member of that convention, took
an active part in its proceedings, and originally
i introduced and advocated the article abolishing
imprisonment for debt.
Upon the adoption of the new constitution 111
: 1844, which provided for the election of Governor
. by the people, and divided the offices of Governor
and chancellor—the former providing for the elcc
tion of the Governor (who was ex officio chan-
cellor) by the Legislature m )omt meeting—-Mr.
Thomson became the first candidate under it of the
Democratic party for that office; but after a very
spiiited contest he was defeated by Gmeinoi
Stratton, the Whig candidates very excellent and
popular man, who had also been a membei of the
same convention. ,
In 1845 Mr. Thomson, having been a widower
for several years, was again married to Miss
Josephine A. Ward, the daughter of Hon. Aaron
Ward, of Sing Sing, New York, who, with a -
brother, several sisters, numerous other relatives,
and many warm and attached friends, is left to
mourn his loss. ;
In 1851 he became the regular Democratic caif-l
didate for the Senate, to succeed Mr. Dayton,now.
our Minister to France, but a controversy spring-
ing up, the matter was finally adjusted by the
election of his brother-in-law, Commodore Rob-
ert P. Stockton, who only served during one
Congress, and resigned in February, 1853. Mr.
Thomson was then elected for the remainder of
this term, and, at its expiration, was reelected in
1857, having been unanimously nominated for .the
full term by his own party in the Legislature.
His last term would have expired on the 3d of
March next. .
Mr. Thomson possessed fine conversational
powers, abounding in pleasantry and good hu-
mor. He wrote with ease and smoothness. ^ He
was an active, energetic business man; intelligent
and well read; of great experience and good prac-
tical sense. He was not,however, distinguished
as a speaker, rarely taking part in debate, or
appearing before the people m public bodies or
assemblies. He was genial and pleasant in his
manner to his friends, but he had his likes and his
dislikes. Ha had his preferences, and they were
manifest.- Did he dislike a man, he left no room
for doubt upon that point. Owing, perhaps, to
disparity of years, difference m pursuits, and a
continual political antagonism, my late colleague
and myself had very little intercourse in former
years; but from the time when he presented my
credentials in this place up to the period of his
death our relations were always agreeable and
friendly. In this body and on the street he was
noted for his courtesy and kindness; and in his
house and at his home a hospitality generous and
warm was ever present and always to be foupd.
I have already said that Mr. Thomson had al-
ways acted with the Democratic party.. He had
been decided in his action. He had contributed
to the establishment of several Democratic dynas-
ties, and especially the last, and sustained it even
in its Kansas and Nebraska policy; but when re-
bellion raised its bloody hand, he did not hesi-
tate between his country and former associations.
He opposed the heresy of secession. The coun-
i trv and the progress of the war were paramount
1 with him. He hastened to support the Govern-
ment in its terrific struggle. He voted for appro-
priations, and aided in all ways m his power to
crush the spirit of fiisunion in the land.
He was a Union man. He loved the Y> ?n-
He abominated treason. He denounced rebellion
and the traitors who embarked in it. He did not
hesitate to say that he had been deceived; that
men with whom in former years he himself had
acted had abused his confidence and betrayed their
trust. He condemned, m no measured :terms,
the Breckinridges, Masons, and Slidells who had,
while feigning fondness for the Union, piotted its
destruction. They had been his fonneiJtondto
and intimates; were frequent at his house, often
at his tabic; had concealed and *eP'dl®Sul?®'1
from him their real purposes and objects, but
when the mask fell off, revealing to his eyes their
black rebellion, he openly denounced them, and
with them all their friends and sympathizer.
He took deep interest m the progress of the war,
in its successes and reverses, rejoicing m the for-
mer and deploring deep the latter, and more than
once expressed his fears that the war was being
carried on too gently and too slow whilst dealing
with the rebels. .
His interest in the Army was alive and active.
Dunn" his last illness, and in tho midst of pain,
his memory of our soldiers did not leave him.
About two months before his death—uemg Kept
at Princeton by his sickness—he sent to me a pri-
vate note, inclosing no mean contribution for their
aid, from which 1 venture here to make an ex-
tract:
« I ncroeive our Jersevmen in Washington have had a
in reference to our sick and wounded soldiers. Had
"been mwS ling™ Tsbould most certainly have been
vuh yo , but you know that the state ot my health ha.
kept me in New JewyJor some weeks past.
wlrt? ?of ou that occasion, I send you aoomnb,ition, to
which I know you will give a proper direction.
And in another note on the same subject, writ-
