MQ
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
publicly known. Then I proceeded to say that
upon my authority as a Senator I asserted that
Mr. Stanton did advocate the reinforcement of the
forts in Charleston harbor, and that any statement
of a contrary character was untrue, not intending
to apply that remark either to the Senator from II-
linoisor the Senator from Minnesota; for neither
of them asserted to the contrary that I remem-
ber. I desire to say that towards those Senators
I have no other feeling than the kindest; but I feel
it a duty that I owe to myself, and to the State I
represent, to sustain on this floor, and elsewhere,
all the faithful officers of the Government.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I deem it a duty, sir,
that I owe to myself, and to the Senate, and to the
country, to state that the explanation is perfectly
satisfactory to me, and whatever remark I may
have made inconsistent with this view I entirely
withdraw from the public consideration.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Fetruary 13, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the consideration of the bill of
the House (No. 708) making appropriation!) for
the naval service for the year ending 30th of June,
1864, reported yesterday from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union with amend-
ments, upon which the main question had been
ordered.
LAND OFFICES IN VIRGINIA.
Mr. TRIMBLE, by unanimous ^pnsent, intro-
duced a bill to reopen the land offices in the Vir-
ginia military district of Ohio, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a firstand second time,and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
BOUNtr TO VOLONTUERS.
Mr. COLFAX, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Second Auditor of the Treasury be
directed to Inform the House of Kepiesentatives whether
some plan cannot be deviwd by which the bomity of $100
ran be promptly paid to the families of deceased volun-
teers, leaving only the claims lor arrears of pay to be settled
by the pay roUn.
KK80LUTI0X OF A STATU I.IKIISLATURB.
Mr. BEAMAN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of the
State of Michigan, asking the Government of the
United States to make n giant of land for the con-
struction of a wagon road from Copper Harbor,
running through or to township forty north, range
thirty-seven west, in the State of Michigan, to the
city ofAppleton, in the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. IwALLORY. I move that that resolution
be referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I move that when this House adjourns to-
day, it adjourn to meet wn Monday next.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. VAN HORN, i call for the regular order
of business.
NAVY APi'ltOriUATfON BILL.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
is the consideiation of House bill No. 708, making
appropriations fur the support of the Navy De-
partment for the fiscal year ending Juno 30, 1864, \
reported from the Committee of the Whole yes-
terday, with amendments. The Clerk will read
the amendments.
The amendments were reported to the House, j
and acted upon, as follows:
First amendment:
At the end of Hue two, page 3 8, insert the following t
Provided, That no contract thai! be cnteicd into for the
construction of paid vessels until |>iopo*aN shall have been I
bolleued fioin the principal lionsliip-buildei^, ami shall be
made upon the mns,t fuvotahle teims as to cost and time.
The amendment was agteed to.
Second amendment:
At the end of line forty, page 3, Insert the following:
For pay of photographer lor Ordnance Buieau, $300.
The Amendment was agreed ro.
Third amendment:
After line sixty-two, page 4, insert after the word " yard"
the following:
For supply of water in navy-yatds tor navy-yard pur-
poses.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
In line one hundred and fifty-one, page 7, after the words
"dry-dock," under the head of appropriations for New
York, insert the following:
For building a floating or sectional dock of sufficient size
and capacity for raising any vessel now building.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that the next amend-
ment may be reported in connection with this one.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
Fiftli amendment:
From lines one hundred and fifty-five and one hundred
and fifty-six, page 7, under head of appropriations* for New
York, after the words " all kinds," strike out "$463,003,"
and insert therein " $1,213,003."
Mr. HOLMAN. Now let the clause be read
in which those two amendments occur.
The clause was read, as follows:
New York:
For continuation of quay wnll; for new foundery; drains,
paving and flagging; water pipes and hydrants; filling low
place; repairs of dry-dock; chain cable shop; railways;
officers' houses; bakery and machineiy; machinery for
machine Shop, foundery ; boilershopand pattern shop; for
laige chuck lathe, for turning large imgs for tuirets on gun
batteries, and for lepairs of ail kinds, $463,003.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that those two amend-
ments be informally passed over for the present.
No objection being made, they were accordingly
passed over.
Sixth amendment:
In line one hundred and fifty-eight strike out the words
" dock > dredging;" and also stuke out from and including
the woid "and," in said line to the end of the paragiaph,
and in&cit "$28,800;" so that the clause shall read:
Philadelphia:
For repairs of all kinds, $28,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventh amendment:
After line one bundled and eighty-one, inseit:
Navy-yard, Norfolk:
For )epairs of dry-dock, of pumps, and general repairs,
$85,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighth amendment:
After line one hundred and ninety-six, page 9, Insert the
following:
Norfolk :
For the support and repair of the naval hospital at Norfolk
for the remainder ot the current fiscal year,anUTor the year
1863-64, $18,300.
Mound City:
For impairing hospital, repairs, rent, and furniture at
Mound City, §17,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
After line two huudiedand ten, page 9, Insert the follow-
ing :
Prodded, That hereafter the salary of the civil engineer
at the Washington navy-yard shall be §2,000, and the sal-
ai v of the civil engineer of the llureau of Docks and Yaids
shall be $3,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe this amendment pro-
vides for an increase of salaries.
TheSPEAKER. Debate isnotinorderexcept
by unanimous consent.
Mr. II0LMAN. I rise to a point of order. It
is that this is independent legislation, which is not
in order upon an appropriation bill. Such changes
can only be made by a separate bill.
The SPEAKER,. This is an amendment re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. The Chair overrules the point
of order.
The amendment was Agreed to.
Tenth amendment:
At the end of line two hundred and thirteen insert the fol-
lowing;
Pioruled. That no part of Misappropriations made by this
art shall be applied co the pay oi maintenance of the sev-
enty dx acting midshipmen appointed dunng the rceessof
Congirss by the Sueretarv of the Navy in violation of law,
the names of the seventy --it midshipmen being contained in
Executive Document \To. 6. firnushed by the Secretary in
t'-plj tmlie lesohiuon oftho House or Representatives: Jlnd
provided also, That said midshipmen be discharged from the
Naval Academy m consequence of then illegal appoint-
ment.
Mr. SARGENT. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of that amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that this amendment
be passed ovci informally for the present.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
The yeas nnd nay* were ordered-.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 31, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, William G. Biown, Calvert,
Clements, Fiederick A. Conkling, Cox, Cravens, Dawes,
Harding, Tlohnan, Johnson, William Kellogg, Law, Mc-
Kiught, Mallory. Mitchell, Noble, Nugou, Pike, Shiol,
Sloan, Smith, William G. Steele, Stiles. Francis Thomas,
Van Wyck, Voorliees, Wadswoith, Wickhfie, Woodiuff,
and Yeaman—31
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt,
Baily, Baker, Baxter, Diddle, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair,
Samuel S. Blair, Bumnton, Campbell, Chatnbeilain, Col-
fax, Cutler, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Fessenden,
Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Franchot, Gooch, Gurley,
Haight, Hale, Hooper, llorton, Julian, ICellsy, Francis YV.
Kelloee, Lansing, Leary, Lovejoy, Low, Mcfndoe, May-
naid, JVloorhead. Anson P. Morrill, Justin S. Mori ill, Noell,
Ohn, Timothy G. Phelps, Porter, Alexander H. Rice, John
H. Rice, Riddle, Edward H. Rollins, Saigent, Sedgwick,
Shank';, Sheffield, Sheilabarger, Sherman, Spauldmg, John
B. Steele, Benjamin JR. Thomas, Tram, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Veiree, Wallace,
Walton,Webste'i,Wheeler, Albert S. While, Wilson,Win-
dow), and Wiight—71.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mjr. HUTCHINS stated that he was paired oft
upon this question with Mr. Wasiiburne; other-
wise he should have voted in the negative.
Mr, BLAKE stated that he would have voted
in the negative had he been in his seat when his
name was called.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was disagreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Eleventh amendment:
Add the following additional section:
Sec. 2. Jitul be it fnither enacted, That hereafter, while
the lebelhon las>ts, each concessional district in the loyal
States shall have one additional nomination of midship-
men, to be appointed as heretofore on the nomination of the
members of the House of Representatives; that the mem-
beisand delegates ot the present House of Representatives
shall each be entitled to make one additional nomination
of midshipmen in the Naval Academy.
The SPEAKER. To this amendment the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] offered
an amendment yesterday. The question will first
be upon the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. I suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that he accept the following
proviso:
Provided, That each State be charged in making these
nominations with the number ot midshipmen appointed
from it b> a late oidcr of the Secietaiy of the Navy without
wairant of law.
That will equalize the thing. I have no doubt
that is the gentleman's intention.
Mr. P. A. CONKUNG. I rise to a question
of privilege. I am satisfied that a great deal of
the confusion in the Hall arises from the presence
of persons on the floor in defiance of the rules of
the House. I ask that the rule in relation to ad-
missions to tile floor be enforced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has called attri-
tion to the subject several times. If the Door-
keeper will not attend to his duties, it is for the
House to correct the evil. The Chair again calls
upon the Doorkeeper to enforce the rule. He is
satisfied that the point is well taken.
The question now recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Stevens as a substitute for the.
eleventh amendment reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, which
is as follows:
Hec. 2. -2nd be it fuilhcr enactcd, Tll.lt heieafter, while
the rebellion lasts, there shall lie one additional midship-
man appointed from each congressional district in the
loyal States, to he lecnmuiended by the menibeiiaiid dele-
Rates of the Hou -c of Kepie^entauve> as heretofore, and
the additional midshipman for the next clan shall be ap-
pointed on the lecoinmundation of tile members and dele-
gatPi of tliij Confess.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask the consent
of the House to make a statement in reference to
the numbei nt the school.
Mr. EDWARDS. I object.
Mr. F. A. CONKUNG demanded the yeas
and nays on agieeing to the. amendment.
Mr. HOLMAJN called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Give us the yeas and
nays. *We want to know who will beg anv more
appointments from the Secretary of the Kavy.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman and
Riddle were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported
twenty-five in the affirmative.
