1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jamin Rush, another name upon that illustrious
roll. Mr.Thomson's> second wifa was the daugh-
ter of General Aaron Ward of Westchester coun ty,
New York, who formany years represented that
State in the House of Representatives. But, Mr.
President, Mrs. Thomson still lives, and there-
fore I am forbidden to say in reference to her what
my feelings would dictate.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, in 1853 I had the
pleasure of forming the acquaintance of the late
deceased, Hon. John R. Thomson, whose death
has been announced to the Senate to-day. For
the last five years we were upon intimate terms,
a part of the time occupying adjoining seats in
this Chamber. He was in every respect a Sen-
ator, and upon all occasions honored his State and
the position he occupied. He was cool, self-pos-
scssed, carefully surveying every measure before
pronouncing judgment. His acts will bear the
scrutiny of time. Of the shortcomings of others
he was lenient; his political opponents he treated
with great personal kindness. When the rebel-
lion broke out he did not hesitate as to the course
he should pursue; from that time to his death his
patriotism led him to see nothing but his country.
Had his counsels been heeded when this side of
the Chamber was in the majority, the land would
not now have to lament the horrors produced by
a civil war. His earnest appeals, his entreaties
were of no avail. Had all been governed by the
same measure of patriotism, the same love of
country, this would now be the land of promise;
the liberties of the people would never have been
endangered. From him 1 learned much; his coun-
sels were ever safe for me to follow. His expe-
rience was great. A descendant of Oliver Crom-
well, he inherited that unyielding principle of
adhering to his opinions regardless of conse-
quences, and the records will show that he was
ever in the right. He wasa firm, kind, and ami-
able gentleman, whose reputation as a man and
a legislator was never tarnished. We shall see
him no more. His hospitable mansion is closed.
The beloved partner who made all glad that had
the pleasure of her acquaintance, now mourns,
but not alone; his friends were hei friends, and
all unite in shedding tears over the grave of him
whose life was devoted to his country, his family,
and friends.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I am un-
willing to let this occasion pass without adding
my tribute of respect and affection for our departed
associate.
My acquaintance with Mr. Thomson was
formed in this Chamber. It happened that the first
committee on which I was placed was one on
which he had long borne a leading part. He was
in the majority; i in the minority, i was charmed
with the kindness of his reception, with his cor-
dial address, and his genial mannei; and our ac-
quaintance ripened into friendship, as I became
familiar with the quality ofhis temper and the ex-
cellencies of his heart. At that time, as has bocta
so well said by his successor, he was surrounded
by the men who were the controlling Senators in
this body, and who are now the chiefs of an atro-
cious rebellion. They were his personal as well
as his political friends; but his friendship did not
survive tlieirloyalty; and when their counsels be-
came tieasonable he no longer shared in them, but
openly denounced them. No consideiuiion of par-
tisan policy or of peisonal friendship stood be-
tween him and his country.
Mr. Thomson was a man of business, thor-
oughly conversant ilh affairs, possessing an ex-
tensive knowledge of trade and finance. Although
liberally educated, his tastes did not lead him to
literary pursuits. He made no pretensions to ora-
tory. He did not aid to weigh down the leaden
columns of the Congressional Globe with those
abstract discussions which we know are not lis-
tened to when they arc spoken, and which we have
little reason to apprehend are read when they are
printed. But when he had occasion to take part
m the discussion of practical subjects, or to give
his views upon measures that affected the interests
ofhis constituents, he expressed himself clearly,
forcibly, and to the purpose; and he was listened
to with iliat attention which a man always com- j
mands who speaks only when he has something j
to Miy, and only on a subject that he knows some- i
thm** about. To whatever matter he addressed I
himself he brought a clear head, a calm judgment,
and an honest purpose.
In his private character, no man could be more
guileless and amiable; no man more faithful to
his friends or more charitable to his opponents.
Enemies he had none, but the enemies ofhis
country. The last time that I saw him was by
his own fireside, where he most loved to be,
and where he delighted to dispense its liberal and
elegant hospitalities. Perhaps the shadow of the
coming event was upon him, and bodily weak-
ness may have influenced his spirits, for he seemed
less cheerful than usual; but all his conveisation
was of his country and of the calamities which the
rebellion had brought upon it; and all his aspira-
tions were for the success of our arms and for the
reestablishment of the Federal authority over
every foot of territory that had ever been shel-
tered beneath its flag. Little did I then think that
before we should meet here again he would receive
the inevitable summons that sooner or later calls
us ad to the "undiscovered country."
How often, Mr. President, in the brief period
since I have been associated with you in the pub-
lic councils, has the shaft of death fallen in this
Chamber ! First, Brodenck—brave, faithful, and
true—fell, the proto-martyr in the great cause for
which so many have since suffered; then Doug-
las, who had just taken from party what was
meant for mankind, on whom his country had
just begun to build higher hope than ever before,
and when she needed all her sons as she never
needed them before; then Baker, the friend and
the eulogist of Broderiek, passed away amidst the
smoke of battle, his dying eyes fixed on the flag
for which he would willingly have poured out the
blood of a hundred lives; then Bingham, mod-
est, eai nest, unselfish, and true-hearted; and now
Thomson, whose character has been so faithfully
portrayed by the Senators who have preceded me.
Thus, Mr. President, one after another is taken
from our councils; one chair after another stands
vacant on this floor; familiar faces disappear; and
new voices mingle in our deliberations. How
strikingly, even in the presence of events that
shake a continent and arrest the attention of the
world, do these successive monitions speak to us
ofourown mortality and of the littleness of earthly
concerns in comparison with that future existence
to who.se eternal chamber this life is but the vesti-
bule, the portal! And how, m that comparison,
does this life, though crowded with mighty inter-
ests, seem to us but
" A peevish April day;
A little sun. a little rain,
And then night sweeps along the pLiin,
And ail things tude away.5'
The resolutions were unanimously adopted;and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 4, 18f>2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of busi-
ness to be the call of committees for reports, begin-
ning with the Committee of Elections.
The call was proceeded with, and concluded.
CALL OF STATES.
The SPEAKER stated the next btisiness in or-
der to be the call of States and Territories for res-
olutions or bills to be introduced, beginning with
the Territory of Dakota.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. ALDRICH introduced a hill to grant the i
proceeds of the sales of certain public lands to aid
m the construction ofa northern Pacific railroad; j
which was read a first and second time, and re- j
ferred to the select committee on the Pacific rail- !
road. |
CONGRESSIONAL MILEAGE.
Mr. ALDRICH also introduced a bill reducing i
tho rates of congressional mileage; which was read !
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Mileage.
SHIP CANAL TO LAKE MICHIGAN.
Mr. 1UCII ARDSOjN introduced the following i
resolution*, which was read, considered, and;re--
ferred to the Committee on Printing? ' ' "  r
Resolved, That five thousand copies! of report of Col-
onel J, £)• Webster tonhe Secretary of War, oir tfte project
of a ship canal from the Mississippi to JLaie MicMgaiuarul
which was eoimnuhicated to this House by'tlve President,
be printed for tiie use of tlve House. ■ • * ^
ADJOURNMENT OYER. ' -
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that when tho
House adjourns to-day it adjourn tomeetonMon-
d&y next.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY GOVERNOR OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I offer the following res-
olution, and move the previous question on its
adoption;
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be In-
structed to inquite and report to this House ou the* follow-
ing subjects. First. Under what law there has been ap-
pointed a militaiy governor for the District of Columbia,
Second. What powers does lie possess or exercise, and by
and under what law has he derived his power. Third. What
salary or compensation is paid him, and out of what appro-
priation. FoiutU. What is the entire annual expense of
such military governor, including all sums paid for quar-
ters, guaid-houses, and prisons, and for house rent, servants,
soldiers, and assistants under his control. Fifth. Whether
the said office of military governor has interfered with and
obstructed the administration of justice and taw by the civil
or judicial tribunals within the District of Columbia. State
the case and facts of such obstruction. And if, iu thfc opinion
of the committee such officer is not provided for by law,
that they report a bill prohibiting his existence and the ex-
ercise ol power by him.
Mr. B1DDLE. Is the resolution open to amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the previous ques-
tion having been demanded.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the previous ques-
tion be not seconded, will the resolution be open
to amendment?
The SPEAKER. If the resolution give rise to
debate it will go over.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded. 1 think it ought to be
discussed before the resolution is passed.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WiCKLIh FE. Have i aright to say any-
thing on the subject at this time?
The SPEAKER. if the resolution give rise to
debate it goes over.
- Mr. WICKLIFFE. "When can I look for it to
come up r
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question.
Mr. BIDDLE. is it in order now to propose
an amendment?
The SPEAKER. An amendment would be in
order.
Mr. BIDDLE. I desire to offeran amendment.
Mr. W ASHBURNE. I propose to debate the
resolution.
Mr. BIDDLE. I desire to amend that portion
of the resolution in regard to the authority of the
provost marshal of the District of Columbia so as
to inquire also into the authority of provost mar-
shals within the State of Pennsylvania, or else-
where.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Let me make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, i am
not after those beautiful officers called provost
marshals.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. 1 do not rise for the pur-
pose of discussing the resolution. I only wish to
suggest to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
my resolution relates to miluaiy governors, and
not to provost marshals, and thai his amendment
is not germane.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman riscs-to
a question of older.
Mr. BIDDLE. I will modify the phraseology
of my amendment so as to inquire for the source
of the authority of the military governor of the
District of Columbia within the State of Penn-
sylvania.
"The SPEAKER. The gentleman must reduce
his amendment to writing.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I propose to debate the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has the floor.
Mr. BIDDLE. I move to amend the resolu-
tion wo as to inquire as to arrests made in Penn-
sylvania by the military governor of the District
of Columbia. To the second inquiry, I move to
add, " in the said District or in Uie State of Penn-
