048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
longing to the Post Office Department, forcibly-
taken from him by a rebel force under the com-
mand of John Morgan, on his exhibiting satis-
factory proof that such amount .was taken from
him without complicity, negligence, or deficiency
of duty on his part.
Mr. P. A. CONKLING. I inquire whether
there is a report accompanying this bill.
Mr. MALLORY. There is not; but the depo-
sitions in the case show the facts to be that in the
raid which took place in Kentucky, under John
Morgan, this money was taken from the post-
master at Bards town, and 1 think there is no doubt
as to the propriety of crediting the amount to him
in the settlement of his accounts.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is there no written report in
this ease?
Mr. MALLORY. There is not; but I hold in
my hands the depositions made by some of the
most respectable men of Bardstown, that the facts
occurred as they are stated in the bill. The bill
also provides that this credit shall not be allowed
by the accounting officers of the Post Ofnce De-
partment until this postmaster exhibits satisfac-
tory proof that the facts are as stated. I therefore
suppose there can be no objection to the passage
of tne bill.
The question was taken; and the bill was passed.
Mr. MALLORY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEW MEXICO MAIIj FACILITIES.
Mr. COLFAX asked leave to report hack from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
a bill to provide adequate mail facilities to and
from New Mexico during the continuance of the
present rebellion.
Mr. FENTON- That is apublicbill. Iobjoct.
CYII US C LA PP.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, an act (S. No. 477) for the relief
of Cyrus Clapp and his guarantors or sureties;
and asked to have it put upon its passage.
The bill discharges and releases ftom all liabil-
ity to the Government of the United States Cyrus
Clapp and his guarantors or sureties, of the Stale
of Iowa, on account of the failure of said Cyius
Clupp to comply with certain mail contiacts on
routes 10935 and 1U936, in the Suite of Iowa.
Mi*. WILSON aykud tor the reading of the Sen-
ate report.
The report was read. Jt appears from the evi-
dence that prior to the letting of the contracts for
carrying the mails, in July, 18(12, Clapp bid for
the servicc on routes 10935 and 10936; thefoimer
from Iowa City to Fairfield, at #1,400; and the
latter from Iowa City to Cedar Rapids, at $600.
lie made the bids under the supposition that the
service \v«s to be tn-weokly, whereas it really was
daily; so that he could not perform the bid with-
out great loss, lie therefore failed to enter into
the contract, and he asks that he he iclieved from
the consequences of the mistake.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. How much more
had the Government to pay for this mail service'
Mr. WILSON. About double.
The bill was read the third time, and passed. ,
Mr. WILSON moved to leconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PIEUCI3 AND BACOtf.
On motion of Mr. WILSON,the Committee on
the Judiciary was discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial in the case of Pierce
Bacon, asking to provide for the payment of the
Floyd acceptances; which was laid upon the table.
F. AND E. UAMiilCROEIt.
Mr. PENDLETON", from the Committee on
iiie Judiciary, reported back House bill No. 709,
for the benefit of Simon and Emanuel Bamberger,
witii the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read in. extenso. It provides for
the release of certain sureties from penalties which
arc specified.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask that the report
of the committee be read.
Mr. PENDLETON. There is no report in the
case; but 1 will state briefly the circumstances
upon which relief is thought proper to be granted.
It appears thatFranko was arrested in Louisville
on the charge of treason. Subsequently the Presi-
dent granted him a pardon, and he did not make
his appearance. The bail-bond was forfeited, and
such proceedings had that a judgment was ren-
dered. As the principal has been released from
penal liability by this pardon, it was thought
only right that the ^sureties should be relieved
from pecuniary responsibility.
Mr. MALLORY. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I will say a word on this
case. If the President had the power to release
these sureties, there would have been no appeal
for relief to Congress. He thought, and the At-
torney General of the United States agreed with
him, that he did not have the power under exist-
ing laws to release forfeitures except in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. DAWES. Did the Attorney General prop
him up in that?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir, he propped him up
because there was great justice in this case. The
President gave apardon'to Franko,and if he had
the power lie would have released these sureties
without any application to Congress, I hope,
therefore, that the bill will be passed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
voto by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN CIIADLEBAUGH.
Mi. PENDLETON, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back Senate bill No. 313,
for the relief of John Cradlebaugh, with the re-
commendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to John Cradlebaugh, one
of the justices of the supreme court of the Ter-
ritory of Utah, the sum of $1,105 in full for the
expense of removing the records, seal, papers,
library, and other appurtenances of the district
court of the second judicial district of the said Ter-
ritory from Provo City to Genoa or Carson City
in the year 1859.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I ask that the report
be read.
Mr. PENDLETON. There is no report made
by the Committee on the Judiciary of this House,
but there is a report from the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the Senate, which I will send to the Clerk
that it may be read.
The leport, which was read, states that John
Cradlebaugh, when he entered upon the discharge
of his duties as one of the associate justices of the
supreme court of the Teriitory of Utah, was as-
signed a district m the Mormon settlements at the
western base of the Wasatch chain of mountains,
his district extending from Salt Lake county to
New Mexico; that the Territorial Legislature,at
its session of 1858-59, redistrictcd the Territory for
judicial purposes, creating a district in the west-
ern part of die Territory, to which district he was
assigned; that the Legislature made no provision
for the removal of the press and seal, record books
that had been piovided for that district, judge's
library, and files necessary to be removed, nor did
they provide for any payment of the expenses of
such removal; that the marshal of the Territory,
being about to resign his office, refused to have
the effects removed; and the Governor of the Ter-
ritory declared to Mr. Cradlebaugh that he had
no money at his control to pay for the transpor-
tation of the effects; that a term of court had been
fixed for the district, and it became necessary that
the eftects should be removed to the place of Hold-
ing com t; that the land lecords foi the counties
of Carson, Humboldt, and St. Mary's had been
removed from Genoa to Salt Lake City, and it
was desirable that they should be transported
back to their proper locality; that on the Upper
Humboldt several murders had about that time
been committed, and the route was looked upon
as quite unsafe; that on account of having the
Government property, together with the land rec-
ords, a guard was supposed to be necessary; that
there being no other means of having the prop-
erty transported, Mr. Cradlebaugh, with jiis own
means, bought an outfit, purchased grain, hired
drivers, and transported the property, together
with a guard; that the guard was furnished by
General Johnston, from soldiers whose time of
service would expire about the time of their ar-
rival in California, and who desired to go there,
and would not desire to return; that the general
declined to furnish transportation, for reasons not
made known, but as supposed-because the ex-
pense and risk in the outward trip and return would
b© very great—animals being usually worn out
with one trip over those deserts; that he also had
to send a guard from Genoa to Sacramento city,
in California; that if he had been enabled to get
his mules through in good condition,he, no doubt,
would have realized sufficient to compensate him
for his outlay and expense; that on account of the
scarcity of grass on the road, occasioned by the
great emigration, and the bad water, he lost sev-
eral; and that, in spite of the vigilance of the guard,
others were stolen.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONFISCATION ACT.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back from the Committee
on the Judiciary House bill No. 615, to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide for the collection
of duties on imports, ana for other purposes,"ap-
proved July 13,1861, and an act entitled "An act
to confiscate property used for insurrectionary pur-
poses, "approved August 6, 1861, and all other acts
on that subject.
There was no objection, and the bill was re-
ceived.
Mr. BINGHAM. This bill has this effect and
no more: it provides that all loyal citizens of the
United States, or of any foreign State or Power at
peace and amity with the United States, having
any bona fide claims against any ship, vessel, or
other property heretofore seized, or which may be
hereafter seized, for the use of the United States
under the confiscation acts of the United States,
and for the condemnation of which proceedings
arc now pending or may hereafter be pending, shall
be allowed to intervene in such proceedings of
condemnation, and their respective claims, if duly
established by evidence as valid, shall be protected
and paid out of the proceeds of such ship, vessel,
or other property so condemned in such proceed-
ing. The bill limits the claims thus protected to
such as could have been specifically enforced
against ihe ship or other property in any loyal
State. All lebels are excluded from the benefits
of the act.
The bill, which was read, directs that in all
eases now or hereafter pending, wherein any ship,
vessel, or other property shall be condemned in
any proceeding, the couit rendering judgment of
condemnation shall first provide for the payment,
out of the proceeds of such ship, vessel, or other
property, of any bona fide claims which shall be
filed by any loyal citizen of the United States, or
of any foreign State or Power at peace and amity
with the United States, intervening in such pro-
ceeding, and which shall be duly established by
evidence as a valid chum against such ship, ves-
sel, or other property, under the laws of the Uni-
ted States, or of any loyal State thereof; provided,
no such claim shall be allowed in any case where
the claimant shall have knowingly participated in
the illegal use of such ship, vessel, or other prop-
erty; and provided, also, that this act shall ex-
tend to all claims which might have been enforced
specifically against such ship, vessel, or other
property, in any loyal State wherein such claim
arose.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
