10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
eylvania or in any of the United States.M The
aim of my amendment is obvious.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in orderliness
the gentleman designs to carry the resolution over.
Mr. BIDDLE. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the resolution and amendment.
~ The previous question was not seconded;there
being, on a division—ayes 36, noes 69.
Mr, OLIN. I move that the resolution and
amendment be laid upon the table.
Mr. COX. 1 demand the yeaa and nays on that
motion.
The yeas andiiays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Ashley, "Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Jacob B. Bl.ur, Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, Wilham G. Brown, Budinton, Burnham,
Chamheilain, Clark, Collax, Frederick A. Colliding, Ilos-
coe Oonkhng, Cutler, Davis. Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Ed-
gerton, Edwards Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Fessenden,
Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Filler, Fiank, Gooch, Haiijht,
Hale, Harrison, Hickman, llortou, Ilutchins, Julian, ICcl-
ivy. Francis W. Kellot^', William Kellogg, Lansing. Leli
man, LoomiSjLovejoy, Low, McPher^on, Maynard, Mitch-
ell, Moorhead, Jusim S. Morrill, Nixon, Ohn, Patton,
Pomeroy, Porter, John II. Rice, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins,
Sargent, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Shnllahaiger, Sherman,
s?loan, Spaniding, Stevens, Train, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Van IloVn, Van Valkenbureh. Van Wyck, Verreo, Walker,
Wallace, Washburne, Wheeler, YVhalcy, Wihon, and
Windom—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bailv, Biddle, Cjilvert, Clem-
ents, Conway, Corning, Cot, Cravens, On-*field, Dunlap,
English, Fouke, Granger, C-'der, Hall, Harding, Lfolman,
Johnson, Knapp, Lazear, Matlory, May, Menzic, Noble,
Noi ton, Nu«en,Od til. Pendleton. Pcrrv, Pticc,Richardson,
Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Vallandtgham,
Vibbard, Chilton A. White, Wicklifte, Woodrutr, Wright,
and Yeaman—46.
So the resolution and amendment were laid
upon the table.
Mr. OLIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which thp resolution and amendment were laid
upon the table; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
QUESTION 03? PRIVILEGE.
Mr. ASHLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. During my late canvass sev-
eral private and confidential letters 
The SPEAKER. What is the gentleman's
question of privilege ?
Mr. ASHLEY. I am about stating it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must state
what it is that he desires to bring to the attention
of the House, for it may not be a question of priv-
ilege.
Mr, ASHLEY. The matter I wish to brin^
to the attention of the House concerns the publi-
cation of certain letters and charges against me of
defrauding the Government. U is a personal mat-
ter with me. These charges affect my character
and standing as a member of this House.
The SPEAKER. It has been decided that pub-
lications in newspapers are not questions of priv-
ilege unless it is proposed to make them the basis
of some action on the part of the House.
Mr. ASHLEY. I propose to ask for an in-
vestigation by the House into those charges.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's question,
in that point of view, is one of privilege.
Mr. ASHLEY. Mr. Speaker, during my late
political canvass, a number of privale and con-
fidential letters written by me to Hon. F. M. Case,
surveyor general of the Territory of Colorado,
touching his application and appointment to that
office, were purloined and published. These un-
guarded letters, written only for the eye of a friend,
when read in connection with the libelous charges
made of defrauding the Government, may demand
some explanation. The papers eon taimng this cor-
respondence and these slanders have been sent, so
I am informed, to the members of both branches
of our national Legislature, to the heads of Depart-
ments, and tolendingmen throughout the country.
1 had supposed that the verdict of the constituency,
who have thrice honored me with their confidence,
and who of necessity must be more directly in-
terested in the character and standing of their
Representative than others can be, would have
forever put these base charges, made in the heat
of a political controversy, to rest. I learn, how-
ever, since my arrival here yesterday, that such
is not the case; and 1 embrace the earliest moment
after learning that fact to bring the matter to the
attention of the House. I do not shiink from,
but ask the fullest investigation into all my pub-
lic acts. I now ask an investigation into all my
acts as a member of this body, conscious that I
have done nothing inconsistent with my duty and
fidelity as a Representative. I ask on behalf of
the constituency I represent, and for my own
honor's sake, that the Speaker appointa commit-
tee of the usual number of members, who shall
have power to send for persons and papers, and
to report at any time. For that purpose I offer
the following resolution, and on its adoption I
demand the previous question.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed for the
purpose of investigating the truth of the charges refer] ed to,
and instructed to inquire into the whole subject-matter,
with power to send for persons and papers, and to employ
a stenographer, with leave to report at any time.
Mr. HICKMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio, that his resolution should embrace a
provision for the examination of witnesses under
oath or affirmation.
Mr. ASHLEY. I accept the suggestion as a
modification of my resolution.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Let me call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio to the language
of his resolution. There are no specific charges
referred to in the resolution upon which the com-
mittee are to examine witnesses. If we are going
to investigate the conduct of members in reference
to alleged charges, we ought to provide for some-
thing more than a va^ue inquiry, to be determined
on by the committee itself. The charges ou^ht to
be specified and set out for our information in the
resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio, that the resolution provide that
the stenographer be appointed at the usual rate of
compensation, so as not to leave it indefinite.
Mr. ASHLEY. I modify my resolution in that
respect.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio to allow the letters to be
read to which the resolution refers, so that the
House may understand what charges are made, j
Mr. LOVEJOY. If the gentleman from Ohio ;
will allow me, I suggest that he modify the reso- ,
lution so that it shall refer specifically to some- 1
thing or somebody making those charges. Then
there will be a foundation for the inquiry.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman can refer to
a list of the letters in hjs lesolution.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask that
the letters be read, that the House may under-
stand the basis of these charges.
Mr. WiCKLIFFE. If the gentleman has a
copy of those letters I should like to have them
read.
Mr. COX. 1 should like to hav^ the ear of my
colleague for one moment. I speak to him in all
kindness and frankness. I have had those letters
sent to me by constituents of my colleague. I
know that his constituents demand an investiga-
tion of this business by a committee of Congress,
with a view to the expulsion, as they claim, of
my colleague. I think it is perfectly proper, in
that state of circumstances, that my colleague
should demand an investigation. The letters
which have been published, I presume, are gen-
uine. 1 presume my colleague will admit that
they are genuine as they have been published, and
if so, they do throw the onus upon him or some-
body to explain, m order that he may hold an
honorable seat in the American Congress. My
colleague has been returned to the next Congress,
and he feels a natural solicitude that these things
should be cleared up before he comes to take his
seat in that Congress. I hope, in behalf of his
constituents, in behalf of public justice, and pub-
lic decency, that a full examination of this matter
shall he had: and I hope that there will be no ob-
jection to have those letters placed in the Con-
gressional Globe as the basis of our action, which
is to cost the Government thousands of dollars.
In order to show that we have something more
than common clamor to base it on, I hope that
those letters will be read.
Mr. WASHBURNE. If the matter is to be in-
vestigated it ought to be left with the committee,
i trust that the gentleman from Ohio will insist on
the demand forthc proviousquestion. Everybody
understands what the resolution refers to.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I do not
know what is referred to in the resolution.
The call for the previous question was not sus-
tamed, only thirty-six voting in the affirmative.
Mr. ASHLEY. With the consent of the House
I will withdraw the resolution and renew it in a
modified form, so that it will state the charges
referred to.
SICK AND WOUNDED SOLDIERS.
'Mr. YEAMAN introduced thefollowingresolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into and report what legislation, if any,
is needed to better provide for the comfort and health or
sick and wounded soldiers, and whether the establishment
of separate commissaiy and quartermaster departments for
this special service would attain the end more thoroughly
and economically than can otherwise be (lone; with leave
to report by bill or otherwise.
MILITARY ACADEMY AT WEST POINT.
Mr. HUTCHINS offered the following reso-
lution, upon which ho demanded the previous
question:
Resolved. That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of dispensing with
the Military Academy at West Point, and, instead of it, of
aidinc in the endowment of military schools, or of encour ■
aging~mihtary education under the control of the several
States.
The previous question was seconded, ami the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore not ordered.
The motion to lay upon the table was not
agreed to.
Mr. CALVERT demanded the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decidcd in
the negative—yeas 49, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Babbitt, Baker, Baxter, Bea-
man, Blake, Clark, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Co-
vode, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Edgeiton, Fenton, Samuel
C. Fessenden. Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Frank, Gurley,
Harrison, Hlltchms, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Lovejoy, Low, Marston. Patton, Pike,
Pomeiov, Potter, John H. Rice,Kiddle. Edward H.Kollins,
Sedgwick, Shanks, Slicllabarger, Sloan, Stevens, Trow-
biklge, Van Horn, Van Valkenbuigh, Van VVyck, Verree,
Walker, Washburne. Wheeler, and Wilson—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, William J. Allen, Alley, An-
cona, Baily, Biddle, Bingham, Jacob 13. Blair, Samuel S.
Blair, William G. Blown, Buffinton, Burnham, Calvert,
Chamberlain, Clements, Corning,Cox, Cravens, Cnsfield,
Crittenden, Delano, Dunlap,Dunn, Edwaids,Ely. English,
Fisher, Foulce, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gridei, Haighi,
Hall, Harding, Hickman, Hooper, Horton, Johnson, Knapp,
Law, Leary, Loomis, McPherson, Mallory, Maynaid,
Menzies, Moorhead, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Norton,
Nugen, 0dell,01in, Perry, Porter, Price, Richardson, Rob-
inson, Sargent, Segar. Sheffield, Shiel, Smith, Spauldmg,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Francis Thomas, Tram, Trimble, Vallandigham,
Vibbard, Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, Worcester, and
Wright—78.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, from thePresident of the
United States, was announced to the House by
Mr. Nicolat, his Private Secretary.
PRINTING TIIE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. HUTCHINS offered the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That twenty thousand copies of the President's
message and foreign correspondence be published In ono
volume; that ten thousand copies of the President's mes-
sage, and the reports of the Secretaries of the various De-
partments proper, be published in a separate \olume; that
five thousand copies of the message and accompanying
documents be printed.
Mr. COX. I would suggest to my colleague
that to include the foreign correspondence in one
volume would make the volume very bulky.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Printing
will have all that matter under consideration.
The resolution was referred, under the rules, to
the Committee on Printing.
BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, offered the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an appro-
priation to aid the Baltimore and Ohio Raihoad Company
in repairing their road and rebuilding the bridges recently
destroyed by the southern troops.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
