12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
constitution, and submit the same to the people
for adoption or rejection. He was elected a mem-
ber of that convention from the county of Mercer,
and although it included more legal talent and
average ability than any convention that had ever
before assembled in the State, he was a promi-
nent member, as the records of its proceedings
show, and made many valuable suggestions dur-
ing tfie progress of its debates.
Upon the adoption of the new constitution in
August, 1844, Mr. Thomson was nominated by
the Democratic party as their first candidate for
Governor. The election took place in October—a
few weeks previous to the presidential election of
that year. He failed of success; not as much per-
haps on account of the want of personal popular-
ity as on account of the influence which it was
known his election would have exerted upon the
prospects of Mr. Clay.
He first came into the Senate of the United
States in the year 1853, having been elected to
fill the vacancy happening by the resignation of
Commodore Robert F. Stockton. He continued
a member to the time of his death, having been
reelected in 1857. His term would have expired
on the 3d of March next. If his life had been
spared, he would then, most probably, have re-
tired from the public service, as his health had
been much impaired for a year or two past, and
he was heard frequently to express a strong de-
sire for the quiet of private life.
As a Senator, he was a useful member. Averse,
from the very constitution of his mind, to public
display, and not trained by professional habits to
public speaking, he did not largely mingle in the
debates of that body. But in the less ostentatious,
yet more practical duties of the committee-room,
and in attention to the wants and interests of the
people of his Staie, his urbane manners, method-
ical business habits, and stiong common sense,
rendered his services efficient and valuable to his
immediate constituents, and to the country at
large.
In his private life he was genial, social, and kind,
possessing a mind well stored with various read-
ing and knowledge, with conversational powers
of a high order; and some years after the lamented
death of lus first wife, having married a lady of
rare social attractions, in the person of the daugh-
ter of General Aaron Ward, of New York, his
house, both at Princeton and in Washington, was
always the center of an ehgant hospitality, as
many here can testify, and many more of the
alumni of the venerable College of New Jersey,
scattered throughout the land, can bear witness.
1 should do injustice, Mr. Speaker, to my own
feelings and to the subject of these remarks, if I
were to close this hasty and imperfect sketch
without referring to anothertrait of his character,
which, since the commencement uf our national
troubles, has shone forth with conspicuous luster—
I allude to his genuine, tiue-hearted loyalty'to the
Constitution and Government of his country, and
his faithful support of the Administration m its
efforts to suppress this unnatural rebellion. While
many of his warmest political friends and associ-
ates proved false, he remained steadfast and true.
No other man, perhaps, in cither House of Con-
gress, representing a northern constituency, was
thrown into more intimate social relations with
the leading southern conspirators. Theywcie,at
the culmination of their treasonable schemes, as
they had been for years, the almost daily recip-
ients of his large-hearted hospitality. He was
their constant companion m the circles of private
life. Many men, who knew the influence and
power of such associations to mold individual
opinions, but who did not know (he integrity and
depth of ins political convictions, were at first dis-
posed to distrust him. But when the issue was
fairly made, he faltered not for a moment. He
denounced the treason, and m so doing he sundered
every tie which bound him to the tianors. The
recoid of his votes m the Senate Chamber, and—
jess enduring, but more faithful transci ipt of his
thoughts—his daily utterances to his most intimate
friends, exhibit and attest the pincenty of his zeal
and love for a united country, and his abhorrence
of the wickedness of the men who were attempt-
ing the overthrow of its beneficent institutions.
May his example, in this respect, be lost upon
none of us; but m the midst of abounding detec-
tions, let us all karn to subordinate every politi-
cal sentiment, every public act, and every private
feeling to the higher claims of a priceless imper-
iled Union.
I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States lias received, with profound soirow. the intelli-
gence of the death of Hon. John R. Thomson.
Resolved, That the members and officers of the House of
Representatives will wear the usual badge ol moumingfor
thiitv days, as a testimony of the respect this House enter-
tains for the memory of the deceased.
• Resolved, That the proceedings of this House, in relation
to the death ol Hon. Joiin it. Thomson, be communicated
to the family of the deeeased by the Cterk.
Resolved, Thai, asa fuithei mark of respect to his mem-
ory, this Ilou^e do now adjourn.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey. Justice to the
memory of my friend, the deceased Senator
Thomson, prompts me to a few brief remarks
! upon this occasion.
He was truly an honorable, efficient, and pa-
triotic legislator, a genial friend, and patriotic cit-
izen. He was well known throughout the State
which, for ten years past, he has faithfully and
acceptably represented in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, and now is generally and sincerely
mourned by men of all political parties who had
been attracted to him by the magnetism of per-
sonal worth.
In the State of New Jersey, the late Senator
was particularly identified with those leading
works ofinternal improvement, the Delaware and
Raritan Canal and Camden and Amboy Railroad
Companies, from their origin until his death, al-
ways exercising great influence in their direction,
and constantly devoting his time to confidential
duties appertaining to their affairs. I speak with
personal knowledge of his great practical execu-
tive ability in this respect; for, as one of the di-
rectors, annually elected by the Legislature of my
State to represent its interests, it was my fortune
to be associated for several years with our de-
ceased friend in that board, which then comprised
the intelligence of the Stevenses, the Stocktons,
the Nelsons, Cook, Gieen, and Ptuker—men of
great and practical ability, proper to be men-
! tioned with credit at any time or place; and among
j such as these, it is no mean praise to say, Sena-
' tor Thomson bore^m efficient and distinguished
! position.
But the active intelligence of our late friend was
notconfined within these limits. Constantly he
was engaged in measures of public reform. For
years before the adoption of our State constitu-
tion, by his pen and by lectures, earnestly and
constantly he stirred up the public mind of the
people of our State to snake off their repugnance
to change their old constitution. In 1844 this was
consummated. Senator Thomson was a lead-
ing member of the convention, and great promi-
nence was conceded to him in devising and shaping
the present constitution of New Jersey. He was
the Democratic candidate at the first election for
Governor after the adoption of that instrument,
but was not elected; the opposing party being at
that time numerically stronger than the party to
which he belonged, and party lines being very dis-
tinctly drawn.
In this city many will remember him with sin-
cere sorrow. His generous hospitality, his ge-
nial temperament, his sincere friendship, his true
and manly loyalty to the old flag, even at the
cost of severing long cemented friendships, can-
not soon be forgotten, and in society here his
death will create a void not soon to be restored.
All of us may profit by his numerous virtues;
jj and without any sacrifice of manliness those who
ji knew him most intimately need not blush to shed
{< a tear at his loss.
ij Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, since the close of
Jj the last session of Congress another solemn warn-
]| ing has been sent from heaven to impress us with
lj the truth that in the midst ofitfe we are in death.
j| Another signal gun hom heaven's battlements
jl warns us that the hours of life are few and fleet-
Si i-ig, and wakens us from the deceitful dreams of
j. this woild to a lealization of the many dangers
i; that threaten our slender thread of life.
]| Here, m this Hall, where the storm of human
I! passion rages at times so furiously, the voice of
contention and wrangling is hushed before the
ii power of Him who rules the winds and waves;
and here, acknowledging the severity of theafflic-
i tion, we come to add our tribute to the memory
; of one who when living we loved and respected;
ii when dead, we mourn.
On the -16th of September last many, many
friends gathered with mournful reverence around
the tomb of Senator Thomson. We are here not
to build for him any monument, but to recognize
that which he, by his labors, erected, and to in-
scribe the marble with his name.
John R. Thomson had, at the time of his death,
nearly reached the age of sixty-two years, having
been born at Philadelphia September ^5, 1800.
He entered the College of New Jersey at an early
age, but becoming deeply interested in mercantile
pursuits, he did not graduate, but went to China,
where he received the appointment of consular
agent for the United States Gctvernment. Return-
ing from Canton in 1825, he married the sister of
Commodore Stockton, and made Princeton, New
Jersey, his residence. He was for many years
the secretary of the joint boards of the Delaware
and Raritan Canal and the Camden and Amboy
Railroad Companies.
Mr. Thomson, though always a Democrat, was
no partisan. He was the unsuccessful candidate
for the office of Governor of the State in 1844.
He was one of the most able and prominent mem-
bers of the convention that framed the new con-
stitution of the State of New Jersey. He was
elected United States Senator to fill the unexpired
term occasioned by the resignation of Commo-
dore Stockton, in February, 1853. He first took
his seat as Senator on the 4th of March, 1853,
and was reelected for the succeeding full term in
1857.
Mr. Thomson was not conspicuous as a debater;
but his ability as a writer, and his activity on the
committees made him a valuable member of the
Senate. He had no taste for controversy; hence
his reluctance to mingle more freely in the strife
of words. Loquacity is not always the index of
true merit. His honest bieast glowed with the
purest patriotism, and when the labors of the Sen-
ate were over his efforts for his country laxed
not. Around the social board, and by his hospi-
table fireside, with all that conversational power
that made his society so much sought, he plead
earnestly with his brother Senators from the south-
ern States that they should not listen to the decep-
tive whisperings of a false ambition. But his pa-
triotism was ever paramount to his friendships,
and none held a more highly patriotic course in
regard to the rebellion. None more severe in de-
nunciatmg the rebels; none more enthusiastic in
the support of the war and tho Administration.
He was always, in public and in private life, the
bitterest enemy of rebellion and secession, and the
strongest friend and supporter of the Union.
The kindly affections of the heart, added to the
endowments of the mtnd, made him the ornament
of the social circle, while his genial manners and
conversational resources called around him a cir-
cle of friends who rejoiced in his presence and
who cherish Ins memory when dead. He thought
of others, and in seeking their welfaie lost sight
of self. He was free fiom all vanity, which, like
; aflawin some fine statue, disfiguies and destroys,
j His fellow-citizens found in him the affectionate
! and devoted friend, the perfect gentleman. He
; was loved from the very beginning and loved to
I the last. No guest ever departed from his hos-
pitable mansion without feeling happier for the
I visit. But alas! that mansion has been changed
from a house of rejoicing to a house of mourning.
Neither medical skill nor the hand of affection
could stay the approach of death. He passed
away in the fullness of years and in the midst of
universal respect, closing a peaceful life, cheered
by the consolation of friendship, amidst the peace-
ful beauties of his country home. But death can-
not be bribed, and no covenant with the grave can
| stand. And as we gather here to pay our last
i tribute of respect to his memory, may his cold
| clay speak to us with an eloquence more potent
1 than words. Let the sad event teach us how
j fruitless it is to attempt to build anything stable
on the moving sands and tempestuous sea of time.
'•'Our live-i like rivers, gliding fie,e
*To tluu unfathomable boundlfc&s sea,
The silent grave'."
Let us all strive so to live that, when gradually
sinking into the ocean of eternity, v/e may leave
on the fluctuating waves of time a golden tint.
The resolutions were then agreed to; and (at
ten minutes to two o'clock, p. m.,1 the House
adjourned.
