4863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rftM
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
JOHN E. BOULIGNY.
A bill (H. R. No. 730) for the relief of John E.
Bouligny.
Mr. EDGERTON. This bill will, I apprehend,
give rise to discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. No discussion is in order
on it now.
Mr. EDGERTON. I therefore object to it.
SUTtOT AND CASE.
Mr. BLAKE. The Calendar has now been
gone through with, and I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to go back to joage 5, and take
up House bill No. 330 for the relief of Milo Sut-
liff and Levi H. Case.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
that there arc several bills, not on the Printed Cal-
endar, which were this morning reported and re-
ferred to committees.
Mr. BLAKE. Well, sir, we have reached a
point at which it is very well to go back and take
up cases of special merit, and I ask consent to go
back and take up this case.
Mr. CONWAY. I object.
Mr. BLAKE. I trust the gentleman from Kan-
sas will withdraw his objection. This is as honest
a claim as ever came before this Government.
Mr. CONWAY. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. BLAKE. Now, sir, I ask the Clerk to
read the bill.
Mr. GRIDER. I think we had better go back
to the beginning of the Calendar and take up the
bills regularly.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman object
to going back on the Calendar?
Mr. GR1DER. I do, unless we go back to the
beginning and take them up in their order.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
WILLIAM SAWYER AND OTIIEUS.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I appeal to the gentle-
man to withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I will withdraw it
at -the gentleman's lerjuest.
Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio. I ask the consent of
the committee to go back to House bill No. 534,
for the relief of William Sawyer and others, of
the State of Ohio. It is a case of great merit.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 object. .
JACOB GATES.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania. I ask the con-
sent of the House to go back and take up House
bill No. 39, for the relief of Jacob Gates. It is a
bill which has already passed the Hous^, and to
which there will be no'objection if gentlemen will
hear the hill read.
Mr. CALVERT. I object.
Mr. FEtSLTON. I move that the committee
rise and report the bills already laid aside to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee lose; and Mr. Dawes having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Cox
reported that the Committee of the Whole House
had, accordmgto order, had the Private Calendar
generally under consideration, and particularly
sundry bills which they had instructed him to
report to the House, some without amendment
and one with an amendment, and with a lecom-
mendation that the same do pass.
Mr. FENTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the several bills.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I trust that will not be done.
There is one of these bills that ought to have
mufp consideration than we have yet given to it.
Mr. FENTON. The gentleman can demand
a separate vote upon it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is true; but there ought
to be discussion upon it.
Mr. FENTON. To which bill does the gen-
tleman refer
Mr. LOYEJOY. To House bill No. 623, for
the relief of Francis Dainese.
Mr. FENTON. Let that be excepted, then,
and give us the previous question'on the others.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I have no objection to that.
The previous question was seconded on all the
other bills reported from the committee, and the
main question ordered'to be put.
Mr. LOYEJOY moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The following bills were then read by their
titles, and, no objection being made, wereordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, were accordingly read the third time,
and passed:
A bill (II. R. No. 621) for the relief of Benjl*
min T. Watson-,
A bill (H. R. No. 536) for the relief of Hanni-
bal Graham; and
A bill (S. No. 338) for the relief of Joseph W.
Dyer, Ansel L. Dyer, and William W. Dyer.
0. B. AND O. S. LATHAM.
The Clerk read the title of House bill (H. R.
C. C. No. Ill) for the relief of O. B. and Oliver
S. Latham.
Mr. COX. I did not understand that that bill
was reported to the House. It was objected to,
and so marked by me in committee.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is in-
formed that it was reported to the House.
Mr. COX, It should not have been.
Mr. FENTON. 1 think the gentleman is mis-
taken. I was giving particular attention at that
time, and there was no objection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man insist upon his question of order?
Mr. COX. I have stated what my memorandum
ahows. If the memorandum of the Clerk is dif-
ferent, I suppose that is the authentic record. So
far as my opinion is concerned I should be guided
by my private memorandum, but that is unoffi-
cial.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is con-
firmed in his opinion that the bill was reported to
the House by the recollection of all the clerks.
Mr. COX. Well, sir, I ask for a separate vote
upon it.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish merely to say that
the understanding all round here is, that that bill
was objected to.
Tito SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair, of
course, has no knowledge upon the subject.
Mr. WADS WORTH. I heard the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is of
the opinion that if the chairman of the Committee
of the Whole House says he did not report the
bill, that report should govern the House in its
action.
Mr. FENTON. I hope the chairman of the
Committee of the Whole House will not insist
upon iiis question of order. I was giving special
attention to the time, and I certainly heard no ob-
jection.
Mr. COX. Il is utterly impossible, in the con-
fusion that usually prevails here on private bill
days, for any gentleman to hear every objection
that is made. My best memory and judgment is
that tlie gentleman from Tennessee objected, and
I made a memorandum of it at the time. All I
can state is the fact as I understand it. I have no
knowledge whatever about the bill.
Mr. FENTON. i hope the gentleman will per-
mit the House to take a vote upon it.
Mr. COX. As there seems to be some misun-
derstanding in relation to it, I am willing there
should be a separate vote taken upon its passage
by yeas and nays.
Mr. FENTON. I agree to that.
Mr. PIKE. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House (at a quarter past four o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 14, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
i' The Journal of yesteulay was read and approved.
i EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
!j The Y1CE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
it ate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in answer to a resolution
jj of the Senate of the 12th instant, correspondence
[jjfyelutive to the use of negroes by the French army
"in Mexico; which was ordered to lie on the table
|( and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RICHARDSON presented a petition of
citizens of Indiana and Illinois, praying for the
establishment of a camp-hospital and, ambulance
corps, for the proper care of sick and wounded
soldiers; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia. j
Mr. POMEROY presented the memprial of
William M. Wermerskirch, praying compensa-
tion for military services and a horse lost, ih the
United States Army; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of hospital
stewards, praying for an increase ,of their rank
and pay; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and "the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of Hen-
ry P. Blanchard, of Boston, pray ing compensation
for services rendered as United States marshal of
the consular court of the United States at Can-
ton, China; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of soldiers of
Connecticut in the volunteer service of the United
States, praying for the establishment of a camp-
hospital and ambulance corps, forthe proper care
of sick and wounded soldiers; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a petition of citi-
zens of NewYork,praying for the establishment
of a camp-hospital and ambulance corps, for the
proper care of sick and wounded soldiers; which
was referred*to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 487) to enlarge the canals and im-
prove the navigation of the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers, from the Mississippi river to Lake Michi-
gan, for military and naval purposes, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee onpensions,
to whom was referred the petition of J. B. Mor-
rill, have had that matter under consideration; and
while the case commended itself strongly to the
sympathy of the committee, they felt constrained
in view of their rules to report it adversely.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts,* from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the petition of William T. G.
Morton, M. D., praying compensation for the dis-
covery of anaesthesia and its use by the Army, sub-
mitted a report, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the report of
the Second Auditor of the Treasury, communi-
cating the accounts of persons charged with dis-
bursements for the benefit of the Indians, for the
year ending June 30, 1862, moved that it be
printed; which was agreed to.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No.
738) to provide a temporary government for tho
Territory of Montana, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial praying for the passage
of a law to legalize an act of the Legislature of the
Territory of Nevada relating to the assessment
and collection of the territorial revenue, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial of
Elizabeth W. Lott, widow of Peter Lott, latecon-
sul of the United States at Tehuantepee, Mexico,
praying for the payment of the amount of a year's
salary, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLLAMER,from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 722) to establish certain
post roads, reported it with amendments.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Evelina Por-
ter, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
SILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWARD asked,and by unanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
530) to increase the efficiency of the hospital de-
paumcnt of the Army; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CARLILE asked, and by unanimous con-
gent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
