952
THE COJST(xRESSIOHAL GLOBE.
February 14,
5&1) supplemental to the " Act for the admission
of tbe State of West Virginia into the Union, and
' forotliev pat-poses,"approved December31,1862;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
' the Committee on the Judiciary.
' Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
532) to define the powers and duties of the levy
court of the county of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia, in regard to roads, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
MESSAGE FROM THE HODSB.
A message from the House of Representatives,
-by Mr. Etheridge, its Cleric, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolutions, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (No. 536) for the relief of Hannibal
Graham;
A bill (No. 621) for the relief of Benjamin T.
Watson;
A bill (No. 622) for the relief of Francis Dainese;
A bill (No. 749) for the relief of Ignatius C.
Mattingly, postmaster at Bardstown, Kentucky;
A bill (No. 615) to amend an act entitled " An
act to provide for the collection of duties on im-
ports, and for other purposes," approved July
13,1861; and an act entitled "An act to confiscate
property used for insurrectionary purposes," ap-
proved August 6,1861, and all other acts on that
subject;
A bill (No. 708) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30, 1864;
A bill (No. 709) for the benefit of Simon and
Emanuel Bamberger;
A joint resolution (No. 151) to confirm the ad-
Terse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of the brig General Armstrong;
A joint resolution (No. 153) authorizing tbe
adjustment of the account of Z. B. Caverly, late
secretary of legation at Peru, for loss by ex-
change; and
A joint resolution (No. 152) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the ease
of R. R. Ward and others, assignees of Jacob
Barker.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
of the Senate:
A bill (No. 313) for the relief of John Cradle-
baugh;
A bill (No. 338) for the relief of Joseph W.
Dyer, Ansel L. Dyer,and William W. Dyer; and
A bill (No. 477) for the relief of Cyrus C.
Clapp and his guarantors or sureties.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furthcrnnnouiired that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which thereupon received the" signature of the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 582) for the relief of persons
for damages sustained by reason of depredations''
and injuries by certain bands of Sioux Indians;
A bill (H. It. No. 737) lo issue an American
register to the steamship Karnak;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 118) to revive
an act to secure to the officers and men actually-
employed in the Western department, or depart-
ment of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and pension,
and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 438) for the relief of the owners
of the Norwegian bark AdrniraiP. Tordenskiold;
A bill (S. No. 4&2) to establish the office of regis-
ter of deeds for the District of Columbia ; and
A bill (S. No. 505) to incorporate the national
association for the relief of colored women and
children.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT. |
Mr. POWELL. I move to postpone all prior j
orders for the purpose of taking up the resolution j
I offered some time ago for the printing of extra |
copies of the letters of the Secretary of War and |
of the Judge Advocate in response to the resolu- !
tion of the Senate of December 22, 3862. I have !
tried for a long time past to get up that resolution, I
but have not succeeded heretofore in doing so. I
desire to address the Senate not exceeding ten
minutes upon it when it shall come up.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate wiU take
up tbe bill No. 467, which was taken up once
ar.d displaced by other business. It is a. bill to
prevent and punish frauds upon the Government
of the United States; and I am very anxious to
have it acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
®on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky to
postpone all prior orders for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the resolution in-
dicated by him.
The question being put, there were six votes
in the affirmative.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw the motion. It
is evident there is not a quorum here now. I will
simply remark to the Senate that I have tried for
a long time past to get up the resolution without
success, and I desire to be heard upon it for only
about ten minutes. I think it is a matter of great
importance to certain parties who, in my judg-
ment, have been badly treated by this report, that
I should do so. I will, at the first opportunity,
make the motion again. I withdraw the motion
now.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 536) for the relief of Hannibal Gra-
ham—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 621) for the relief of Benjamin T.
Watson—to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
A bill (No. 622) for the relief of Francis Dai-
nese—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 615) to amend an act entitled "An
net to provide for the collection of duties on im-
ports,and forother purposes," approved July 13,
1861, and an act entitled "An act to confiscate
property used for insurrectionary purposes,"ap-
ptoved August. 6, 1861, and all other acts on that
subject—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 708) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30, 1864—
to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 709) for the benefit of Simon and
Emanuel Bambeiger—to the Committee on
Chums.
A bill (No. 749) for the relief of Ignatius C.
Mattingly, postmasterat Bardstown, Kentucky—
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
A joint resolution (No. 151) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims m the case
of the brig General Armstrong—to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
A joint resolution (No. 153) authorizing the
adjustment of the account of Z. B. Caverly, late
secretary of legation at Peru, for loss by ex-
change—to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
A joint resolution (No. 152) to confirm the ad-
verse decision of the Court of Claims in the case
of It. It. Ward and others, assignees of Jacob
Barker—to the Committee on Claims.
sf FRAUDS IN MILITARY CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, the bill (S. No.
4G7) to prevent and punish frauds upon the Gov-
ernment of the United States, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The bill will be
read.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on Military
Afiairs icported an amendment which is really a
substitute for the whole bill. I do not, therefore,
see the necessity of reading the original bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection the reading of the bill will be omitted. The
Chair hears no objection, and the Secretary will
meiely lead the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I will simply say to the Sen-
ate that this bill has been prepared at the urgent
solicitation of the officers who are connected with
the administration of the War Department and
Treasury Department. Thecountry,as we know,
has been full of complaints respecting the frauds
and coi ruptions practiced in obtaining pay frrtw
the Government during the present war; and it is
said, and earnestly urged upon our attention, that
further legislation is pressingly necessary to pre-
vent this great evil; and I suppose there can be
no doubt that these complaints are, in the main,
well founded. From the attention I have been
able to give the subject, I am satisfied that more
stringent provisions are required for the purpose
of punishing and preventing these frauds; and
with a view to apply a more speedy and vigorous
remedy in cases of this kind the present bill has
been prepared.
The first section of the proposed substitute de-
fines seveial new offenses and provides for their
punishment by court-martial. The first offense,
stated in brief terms, is making or presenting a
fraudulent claim to the Government of the United
States, or any of its Departments or officers.
Mr. COLLAMER. At this point permit me
to suggest to the Senator that those last woids,
" or any of its Departments or officers,M had bet-
ter be stricken out. I do not see the use of them,
and they involve an ambiguity.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will have an op-
portunity to present his amendment. I merely
want now to call the attention of the Senate to the
main features of the bill. The second offense is
making or using a false voucher for a similar pur-
pose. The third is making a false oath to any fact
or statement in order to obtain the approval or
payment of any account by a proper officer. The
fourth offense is forgingor counterfeiting signa-
tures to any voucher for the purpose of obtaining
payment or allowance of a claim. The fifth of-#
fense is uttering or using such voucher as true.
The sixth is conspiring to cheat the United States.
The seventh is stealing and embezzling property
belonging to the United States and used for mili-
tary purposes. The eighth class embraces cases
of contractors and other persons having United
States property for military purposes, and using
the same with intent to defraud the United States.
The ninth is delivering a receipt for arms, muni-
tions, &c., without a full knowledge of the fact
certified in the receipt, with intent to cheat and
defraud the United States. The tenth offense is
purchasing or taking in pledge from soldiers or
officers, arms, clothing, &c., such soldiers and
officers not having the right to sell or pledge them.
It will be observed that in the first section the
offenses are confined to such persons as are in the
military forces of the United Slates, or in the mi-
litia in the actual service of the United States. I
have followed the language of the Constitution in
this respect, and have confined the operations of
this section to persons who are actually in the
military service of the United States, or in the
militia in actual service in time of war. I have
not undertaken, except in the instances of con-
tractors and their agents, to define or set forth
wh$t it is to be in the military forces of the Uni-
ted States, or in the militia in the actual employ-
ment of the United States in time of war. That
question I hold to be a purely judicial question,
which it is not competent for Congress to assume
to solve. The Constitution, in the fifth amend-
ment, declares that no person shall be punished
for a capital or otherwise infamous crime without
the presentment or indictment of it grand jury,
except in cases arising in the military or naval
forces of the United States, or in the militia while
engaged in actual service of the United States in
time of war or public danger. Such is the pro-
hibition upon Congress. We cannot, as I think,
give a construction u> the language of that amend-
ment of the Constitution, because it is in its na-
ture a judicial question, with which we have noth-
ing to do. A man's liability to punishment by
a court-martial must necessarily depend upon his
status, that is, whether he is in the military forces
of the United States, or whether he is not; and I
do not conceive that Congress has power to solve
that question, or create by legislation any state
of facts which shall bring the offender within the
military power of the Government, holding, as I
said befoie, that this power is a subject of judicial
construction.
The second section applies to that class of per-
sons who are contractors, or who are employed to
contract for ships, vessels, steamers, water-craft,
ordnance, arms, munitions of war, &c., for the
use of the Army and of the Navy, and it declares
that any person who shall contract to furnish these
articles, and every person who shall, either as
principal or Agent, make, authenticate, certify,
pass, approve, or presentfor approval or payment
to any officer any bill, receipt, voucher, entry,
&c., for the purpose of obtaining payment upon
such contract, and any person who shall procure
or aid in procuring from the Government of the
United States, or any Department thereof, any
money on such a claim, shall be deemed and con-
