16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8.
now confined in the Forts Warren, La Fayette, and Dela-
ware, or the old Capitol prison, and any other forts or places
of confinement; whatthe chaiges are against said persons;
also the places where they were arrested. That the Pres-
ident be further requested to inform this House of the names
ofthe persona that have been arrested m Illinois and taken
to and confined in prisons outside of the limits of said State,
and who have been released, what were the charges against
each of them, by whom the charges were made, also by
whose order said arrests wore made, and the authority of
law for such arrests."
I submitted a motion that the resolution belaid
upon the table; but in the Globe that motion is
attributed to my colleague, [Mr. Kellogg.]
Mr, VALLANDIGHAM. Thatis not a priv-
ileged question. 1 call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to know whether the
Journal is in error in the same way; and if it is,
I desire to have it corrected.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman
from Illinois proposes to go back to the Journal j
of Monday's proceedings, which has been passed j
upon. The Chair has decided that that is not in j
order, unless by unanimous consent; and I have
already interposed an objection. It is well known
that the gentleman has as much right to inquire
about our proceedings in a New York paper as
he has about them when they are contained in the
Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to yield to me for a
moment on the matter referred to by my colleague,
- [Mr. Lovejoy.]
Mr. STEVENS. Wait until I get through. I
want to introduce a bill which ought to pass to-
day, if it is to pass at all, us the steamer leaves
on the 10th of this month. It is a bill to amend
an act entitled " An act to provide internal reve-
nue to support the Government, and pay the in-
terest on the public debt," approved July ], 1862.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to suspend the rules.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. That cannot be
done to-ilay.
Mr. STEVENS. Lot me make a statement.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object. I am not
allowed any sort of favor in this House, and I am
determined thatlawand not favor shall betherule.
Mr. STEVENS. Letmc submita motion that
ten thousand extra copies of the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury be printed for the use
of the House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Let me first make
a statement. The motion to lay upon the table the
resolution introduced on Monday by my colleague
[Mr. Richardson! was made* by my colleague
[Mr. Lovejoy] and not by me. I voted against
the motion, because I did not see any objection to
a mere resolution of inquiry. I am reported as
having made the motion to lay upon the table,
•when in fact I voted against it, and am so record-
ed. I have no objection now to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania submitting his motion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
importation of nkgkoks into illinois.
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois, I submit the follow-
ing resolution, and propose, at a future time, to
discuss it:
Whereas there have been imported into the State of Illi-
nois, under the semblance of Federal authoiity, seveial
thousand negroes; anil wherea-.such Importation was in
violation of the constitution of &aid State and the legis-
lation and repeatedly-expressed sentiment of the people
thereof: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committer on the Judiciary be in-
struct d to inquire into thf iisht of the Fede?al authorities
to thus  et at defiance the constitution, laws, and senti-
ment^ of Use people ot a t-overeurn sprite, and lepoit what
action can be legally taken by the I'Vdeial Government in
order to bring about the deportation of said negroes.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
printing 01? treasury report.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a motion to print ten thousand extra copies
of the annual leportof the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; which was seferred to the Committee on
Printing.
On motion of Mr. HICKMAN, (at twenty
minutes before two o'clock, p. no.,) the House
adjourned until ilondnynext at twelve o'clock,m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 8, 1862.
" Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate ofthe 12th of July last, information in
relation to payments for legal and other services
in investigating and litigating land titles in Cali-
fornia in the years 1857, 1858, 1859, 1860, and
1861, and also in the investigation of land titles in
the city of Mexico during the same years; wliich
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
petition of J. H. B. Lang, of Boston, Massachu-
setts, praying that the name of his steamer Daniel
Webster may.be changed to Expounder; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KING presented the memorial of Samuel
C. Bishop and the Bishop Gutta Percha Com-
pany, remonstrating against the passage of the
bill for the relief of George B.Simpson; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the memo-
rial of Oliver P. Morton, Governor of tie State of
Indiana, praying for an increase in the pay of the
private soldiers of the Army; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. HALE presented the memorial of Lieu-
tenant Robert B. Riell, of the United States Navy,
remonstrating against the action of the Navy De-
partment under the advice of the late retiring
board, complaining of the injustice done him,and
praying that the Senate will not confirm officers
below him that have been put over him; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
general bankrupt law.
Mr.FOSTEP^. I present the petition of sundry
merchants, traders, and citizens of the city of New
York, for the passage of a general bankrupt law.
As the committee having charge of that subject
have reported a bill that will soon come before
the Senate, I move that the petition lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of citizens of
the city of New York, for the passage of a gene-
ral bankiuptlaw; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of the city of New York, for the passage of a
general bankrupt law; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. LATHAM presented a petition of citizens
of New Yoik, for the passage of ageneral bank-
rupt law; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. GRIMES presented two petitions of citi-
zens of the city of New York, for the passage of
a general bankrupt law; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. PESSENDEN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Brooklyn, New York, for the passage of
a general bankrupt law; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens of
the city of New York, for the passage of a general
bankrupt law; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. KING presented a petition of citizens of
the city of New Yoik, for the passage of a uniform
bankrupt law; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HARRIS presented three petitions of citi-
zens of the city of New York, for the passage of
ageneral bankrupt law; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
MAJOR AND BRIGADIER GENERALS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, submitted
the following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of YVnr be duected to re-
port, for the inlbmuition ofthe Senate, the number ami
names of major and brigadier gonerak in the service of the
United States, and where and how they are employed.
DOMESTIC TRANQUILLITY IN MISSOURI.
Mi". WILSON, of Massachusetts, submitted
the following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affajrs and the
Militia he instructed to consider the expediency of provid-
ing by law for more effectually suppressing the rebellion
andsee*ring domestic tranquillity in tiicBtate of Missouri.
army of the potomac.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a resolution which is
in the nature of an amendment to one that was
passed by the Senate on Friday last:
Resolved, That the call upon the Secretary of War for all
correspondence, telegrams, and reports concerning the mil-
itary operations of the army of the Potomac, bo extended
so as to embrace all such papers from the first movement of
this army. # ♦
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
midshipmen's appointments.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the tfavy inform the
Senate if any congressional district of the United States
has more than two midshipmen at the Naval Academy, and
if so, b> what law have they been so appointed; and how
many districts have such excess, and by whom the appoint-
ments have been recommended.
RECOMMITTAL OF BILLS.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was,
Ordered., That the bill (TI. It. No. 345) for the relief of
George B.'Simp«on be lecommitted to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 356) to provide for the set-
tlement of the accounts of Isaac R. Diller, late consul at
Bremen, be recommitted to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
notices 0£ bills.
Mr. HALE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to abolish the rank and
grade of medical officers in the United States ser-
vice.
Mr. LANE., of Kansas, gave notice of his in-
tention to ask leave to introduce a bill authorizing
the Secretary of the Interior to treat with the sev-
eral Indian tribes of Kansas, and to provide in
said treaties for their removal from said State.
He also gave notice of his intention to ask leave
to introduce a bill providing for the appropriation
of such portions of the public lands of Kansas for
purposes of internal improvement as shall equal
what has heretofore been granted to other new
States.
bills introduced.
Mr.DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained,leave to introduce a jointresolution (No.
10G) proposing an amendment to the Constitution
| ofthe United States,to alter the mode of electing
J the Presidentand Vice President: which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to be printed,
j Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
| sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
| (S. No. 107) to pay the widow of the late John R.
; Thomson the amountdue to him as Senator at the
| time of his death; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I think that is
already provided for. A resolution heretofore
passed by the two.Houses provides for all such
cases. I have, however, no objection to the pas-
sage of this resolution if it is deemed necessary.
Mr. FOSTER. I propose to refer it to the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate. I think it ought to be
referred in any event.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be so
referred.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 404)
to provide for the development of the mineral re-
sources of the United Slates, and of the public
domain twhich was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 405) authorizing the holding of a special
| session of the United States district court for the
I district of Indiana; which was read twice by its
j title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
! ciary.
'\ Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
