1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
certain but also within the laws and statutes of
the United States.
Upon the whole, sir, I think that where this
bi!i should be lenient it is severe; and where it
should be severe, where it should impose upon a
man criminal penalties, it divides the matter, it
subjects him to a quasi criminal prosecution for
the purpose of multiplying informers, and to some
extent, it is true, punishing him, but not punishing
him as he should be punished, bccause out ofhis
guilty gams it is more than likely that he could
pay the amount that any jury would assess upon
him. I hope that these sections will be made more
stringent and severe, and that they will be made
to operate upon all those not actually in the land
and naval service, while this monstrous proposi-
tion of putting everybody under martial law shall
be thrown aside, as it ought to be.
Mr. POME ROY. I would not do or say any-
thing to defeat the object of such a bill as this, if
the bill was carefully drawn and matured so as
to secure that object. It does occur to me that in
the second and third sections the hill proposes to
deem and consider as in the military service of the
United States a class of persons as numerous as
the whole Army itself—all who are contractors
and hangers on, directly and indirectly.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I take it
that a very few hundred names will include all the
contractors. The idea that this provision reaches
to a tailor or a shoemaker or anybody else who
is at work for a man that has a contract is ridic-
ulous and absurd; it was never intended to cover
them, and does not.
Mr. POMEROY. The suggestion I was going
to make was, whether if these persons are to be
considered in the military and naval service of the
United States, we do not commit the Government
to repairing damages they may sustain, to grant-
ing pensions to poisons who die and suffer. If we
are to repair all the damages that may accrue to
contractors and persons who are considered by
this bill in the naval and military service of tlie
United States 
Mr. CLARK. I beg to suggestto the Senator
from Kansas that he makes a mistake in the word
used in the Constitution, which may lead to error.
It is not the " service;'' it is the " forces"—" the
land or naval forces."
Mr. POMEROY. I know very well that the
language of the bill is " considered to be in the
land or naval forces of the United States."
Mr. CLARK. That is the language of the Con-
stitution.
Mr. POMEROY. Itis the language of the tfll,
except in the third section, and there the word
" service" is used.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator does not quite un-
derstand me. I rreantto call Ins attention to the
fact-that the language of the Constitution was,
"the land or naval forces;" not the language of
the bill. Wo are to be guided by the Constitution.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 do not know that consid-
ering this large class of persons as in the military
or naval force of the United States, puts them into
that force. They may bo there in the eye of this
bill for purposes of punishment, and not for pur-
poses of reward, or for the purpose of repairing
the damages they suffer, or committing the Gov-
ernment to make good the losses they may sus-
tain.
The practice of the Government has been when
a person in the service of the United States doing
his duly faithfully and honestly is subjected to
losses, to imprisonment, to damages, over which
he had no control, to indemnify him. We have
passed bills to make good such losses. Now, it
occuis to me that if all who are contractors, di-
rectly or indirectly embraced in this bill, are to
be considered in the service, are to be punished by
couit-martiul, and are to be under the rules and
articles of war, it may be that we commit our-
selves to indemnifying those who suffer inno-
cently-, as a great many of them do. I wish to
guard against committing ourselves to make good
their losses. Ail wiio are guilty of crime should
be punished, but I do not wish to open the door
wider for persons to come in and have damans
repaired, pe nsions alio wed, and cl^'ms gran ted, by
taking into the service of the United States a large
class who arc not now in the service, whocannot
regularly be considered there, and who are only
put into the service by this act. These are objec-
tion^ cO lYiymntd.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the Senator
from Pennsylvania takes the ground that it is in-
competent for Congress under the Constitution to
include a contractor for army supplies within the
penal provisions of this bill. He holds that a con-
tractor cannot be regarded as being in the military
or naval forces of the United States, itr the sense
of the Constitution. I differ from him in that re-
gard. I think a contractor is fairly to be included
m the category, and, as I said before, the neces-
sity of such an inclusion is just as strong in the
case of a contractor as in the case of a private
soldier or an officer.
The Senator advances the idea, and repeats it,
that in order to bring a person'within the power
of a couit-martial, in other words, to bring him
within the scope of the constitutional clause which
speaks of u the military or naval forces of the Uni-
ted States," lie must have consented to the rules
and articles of war. The Senator complains that
the bill assumes to punish persons who have not
thus consented to be governed by the rules and
articles of war. That is not the question; it is a
mere side issue, which has nothing to do with the
question of law before us. The Constitution no-
where requires that either soldiers or officers or
other persons in the service of the United States
shall consent to the Articles of War. It says noth-
ing about consent. The Constitution declares that
Congress shall have power " to raise and support
armies," and " to make rules for the government
and regulation of the land and naval forces" of
the United States; it says nothing about the con-
sent of the persons to be governed. Indeed, the
very language of the Constitution excludes the
idea that any such consent on the pait of the gov-
erned is necessary.^It is as manifestly compe-
tent for Congress to~raise an army without the
consent of that army, as to do any other act which
it is authorized to do under the Constitution.
The practice heretofore has been to raise armies
by enlistment or by volunteering; but it does not
follow, because such has been our practice here-
tofore, that the Constitution requires it. The
Constitution requires no such thing as consent.
If the exigencies of the country shall demand it,
it is within the power of Congress, under the Con-
stitution, not only to raise an army by a forced
conscription, but to go even so far as to make a
levy of the whole people en masse for the purpose
of defending the country or prosecuting a war
domestic or foreign. The consent of the person
to be employed in the service has nothing to do
with the constitutional power of Congress to force
him into the service.
It is evident, as I renwked before, that con-
tractors for furnishing supplies to the Army and
Navy are just as indispensable as soldiers and
sailors in the prosecution of a war. Without sup-
plies the Army and the Navy could not exist. The
Government is a corporation, and must act by its
agents. It has a right to declare positively that
such and such persons shall be required to fur-
nish certain supplies for the support of the Army
or Navy; or, if it pleases, it may enter into a
contract with such persons by which they shall
agree to do it. Now, sir, in cases of enlistment,
what is it that brings the soldier or officer into the
service of the United States? Under our former
and present practice, simply a contract of enlist-
ment. The obligation of the soldier to serve in
the Army exists by contract, solely by contract;
and the same is true, and true to the sumo extent,
in the case of a contractor to furnish military sup-
plies. The one thing is just as necessary as the
other, and no more so.
As to the expediency of resorting to this more
summary mode of punishment, I will call the
attention of Senators1 to some cases which have
arisen during the present rebellion. Persons have
been employed to furnish shells for the use of the
Army; and in several cases it has turned out that
these shells have been filled not with the proper ex-
plosive materials for use, but with saw-dust; thus
making the instrument of no utility whatever,and,
by thus practicing a fr*ud upon the Government,
endangering our military operations. A contractor
who enters in to an agreement to furnish arms for the
use of the United States in prosecuting a war may
practice the same description of fraud upon us; and
I believe that some frauds of a very gross charac-
ter have already been practiced in the purchase and
furnishing of small arms for the use of th* A my.
Arms have been supplied which, on examination
and use, have turned out to be useless.and valo&*
less; and I ask Senators whether, ou the question
of expediency and justice, it is not <as correct—as
correct in morals—to subject that class of wretchfes
who thus attempt to impose upon the Government
to punishment by court-martial, as it is to subject
a soldier who has been guilty of a trivial or even
an enormous breach of his duty? Where4S:the
difference, I ask Senators, in point of principle
and in point of morals? There is, sir, nofcewhat-
ever. According to my reading, this system of cm*
ploying contractors and treating them as civilian^
existed for a time in the French army during the
wars of Napoleon; but experience taught him-at
length that it was necessary to subject the con*
tractors to martiallaw to prevent their committing
frauds, and to make them expeditious and prompt
in the performance of their engagements.
Mr. President, it is desirable to enact some law
which shall remove the stigma which rests upon
the country and the Government in reference to
the frauds, corruptions, and peculations which
have disgraced our service during the whole t>f
this war. U is one of the crying evils of the pe-
riod, if report is in any degree to be credited, that
our Treasury is plundered from day to clay by
bands of conspirators, who are knotted together
in this city and other large cities for the purpose
of defrauding and plundering the Government.
And we all know, who are lawyers, and the most
of us on this floor are such, that if we refer all
these cases to the ordinary courts, and require a
proceeding to be taken by a grand jury, and then
a trial by a traverse jury, very little good can
result. There are always persons haunting the
room in which a grand jury sits with a view to
influence their opinions or their findings; and
I am informed by those who in the Department
arc particularly charged with the duty of ferret-
ing out these frauds, that it is entirely hopeless
to expect that any sufficient punitive or pre-
ventive system can be adopted which depends
upon the action of a grand jury, and I believe k
impossible. I believe that in matters of this kind
a grand jury is little better than useless; that in-
stead of being a protection to the Government,
who is the real sufferer in all cases, they are but
a protection to the knave and the rogue. I desire
to sec some provision adopted which shall bring
these gentry to speedy and exemplary justice;
and I think this bill will do it.
The Senator from Pennsylvania objects, how-
ever, to a part of the second section, upon the
ground that it contains no scienter. That part of
it is as follows:
Any person who shall procure, or aid in procuring, pay-
ment from the Government of the United States, or any De-
partment or ofheer thereof, of any money or claim whatso-
ever for such ships, vessels, steamers, boats, or other water
craft, ordnance, arms, ammunition, munitions of war, cloth-
ing, subsistence, or military supplies of any kind, shall be
deemed and considered as m the military or naval forces of
tile United States.
There is, it is true, nothing said about "guilty
knowledge" in this clause; but the whole section
relates to contractors and theagentsof contractors.
The object of it is to U?ing that class of persons
wjthin the category of the first section, in which
all these crimes are all defined; and if a contractor,
or the agent of a contractor, has been guilty of
any of the acts which are previously defined in the
first section, he is to be deemed within the mili-
tary service of the United States, and punishable
by court-martial. I confess, however, I do not
see any very great importance in either the second
or the third section; because if, upon adjudication,
it shall turn out that a contractor is, in law, in the
military service of the United Slates, he will be
punished, although this clause should be stricken
out. I have put it in, however, rather in defer-
cncc to the opinion of some officers of the Gov-
ernment, who have deemed itextremely essential.
The other clauses which follow, and which pre-
scribe the mode of proceeding to punish persons
who are not in the military service of the United
Siates, I take it, are open to no serious objection.
The effect of them is simply to hold out to a con-
federate a strong temptation to betray his cocon-
spirator, and bring him to justice. The bill offers,
in short,a reward to the informer who comes into
courtand betrays his coconspirator, if he be such;
but it is not confined to that class. Even the dis-
trict attorney, who is required to be vigilant in
the prosecution of such cases, may be also the
informer, and entitle himself to one half the for-
