956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
feitm-e under the qui tarn clause, and to one half
of Ihc.double damages which may be recovered
against the person committing the act. In short,
sir, I have based the fourth, fifth, sixth, and sev-
enth sections upon the old-fashioned idea of hold-
ing out a temptation ^and " setting a rogue to catch
a. rogue, "which is thesafestand most expeditious
way I have ever discovered of bringing rogues to
justice.
Mr. MORRILL. I sympathize with the mo-
tive of the honorable Senator from Michigan in
his efforts to detect a class of persons who, I fear,
are quite too numerous in the country, who are
disposed to make some pecuniary advantage out
of this war. But I do not quite see the necessity
for these provisions of the bill, and I think they
are justly open to the criticism made by the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania. I think his
objections are well taken, and the distinction is
so important that I hope the honorable Senator
from Michigan will consent that the bill shall be
changed. It now undertakes to try persons who
were never yet, I believe, in any country con-
sidered as in any way amenable to the rules and
articles of war, as if they were actually in the ser-
vice of the military or naval forces of the United
States. According to the provisions of this bill,
it will turn out that any ship-owner who shall char-
ter his ship, and in that transaction be suspected
of obtaining any advantage for himself as against
the Government of the United States, will be ac-
tually subjected to the rules and articles of war,
and dealt with as if he were in the service of the
United States, either the naval or military service,
be deprived of the right of trial by jury, be tried
by a court-martial, and sentenced accordingly.
Now, sir, I do not see any necessity for a meas-
ure of that kind. Certainly the courts for all such
cases are open, and if the law is not adequate, it
may be so amended as to subject the person to
such penalties and such punishment as may be
deemed necessary, leaving him to be prosecuted
in the courts of the country. There is nothing in
the situation or condition of a contractor that I can
see that should subject him to the rules and ar-
ticles of war. He is not within the lines of the
Army. He is accessible at all times, and may be
turned over to the courts, and may at any time
be proceeded against in the courts of" the country,
and in that respect his case is entirely different
from the case of a person who is in the military
service. The distinction which authorizes the
articles of war to be applicable to persons in the
military service seems to bo a principle which
necessarily excludes nil other classes of persons.
Certainly to try persons in civil life by the rules
and articles of war would be a very severe and n
very rigorous administration of justice, either civil
or criminal. I hope, therefore, that the honorable
Senator from Michigan will consent to amend or
strike out that section.
Mr. HO WA RD. Allow me to ask the Senator
from Maine one question.
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator speaks of con-
tractors being in civil lifiy I should like to know
from the Senator what he understands by being
in " the military or rmval forces of the United
States;" whether that clause of the Constitution
may not and does not include those persons who
are contractors, and under obligation to furnish to
the Army army supplies; whether that is not, ir-
respective of all existing statutes, as much being
in the military service of the United States as to
be a soldier carrying a gun? Where is the differ-
ence? Where is the distinction ? That is the point
that I want to get at.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 do not know what in the
contemplation of the Constitution it might have
been, but as a matter of fact I do not suppose it
was ever so regarded. Persons m the service act-
ually enrolled and organized and subjected to mil-
itary command, are very differently situated from
persons who are not subjected to that service and
not subjected to that miluai y authority.
Mr. HOWARD. The Constitution requires no
enrollment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Mr. Presi-
dent, these Halls have rung with denunciations of
the frauds of contractors upon the Governmentof
the United States. Investigating committees in
both Houses of Congress have reported the gross-
est frauds upon the Government. The Govern-
ment is doing what it can to stop Vhese frauds
and punish the persons who commit them. The
Government finds, however, that it has no law
adequate to punish them. Senators who object
to this bill would do well to show that we have
laws which can reach such a case. The law
officer of the War Department says there is now
no law adequate to meet these cases of fraud upon
the Government. This bill is reported for the pur-
pose of ferreting out and punishing these enor-
mous frauds upon our Government; and, for one,
my sympathies are with the Government, and not
with the men who are committing these frauds.
We have all of us seen enough, since this rebellion
broke out, of frauds perpetrated upon the Gov-
ernment, and above all, and more than all, per-
petrated upon our soldiers in the field;'and 1 trust
that the_Senate will pass this bill, or some bill
that will put fraudulent contractors in a position
where they may be punished for their frauds. I
move to amend the second section by striking out
all after the word " that" in the first line to the
word "and" in the twenty-first line, and insert-
ing these words:
All contracts to furnish ships, vessels, steamers, boats,
or other water craft, ordnance, arms, ammunition, muni-
tions ot war, clothing, subsistence,01 military 01 naval sup-
plies of any kind whatsoever, shall contain a provision that
any person who shall iiereafter contiaet to liirnisli any of
said articles shall be deemed and considcied as in the mil-
itary or naval forces of ihe United States, or in the militia
in the actual service of the United States, as ttie case may
be, and subject to the rules and articles of war.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The question is,44 Shalt the second section be thus
amended ?" the motion to perfoct the section being
in order before the question on striking out shall
be taken.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The object
of my amendment is to confine the provision to
contractors alone, and not to include ail persons
who have to do with bills and contracts. I pro-
pose that in the contracts there shall be this pro-
vision inserted, which they will understand, which
they wjII sign, that they shall be deemed in the
military service, and subject to the rules and arti-
cles of war. I think it is just, proper, and right;
and I hope the provision will be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think that there is any
class of culprits who deserve more certain and
speedy punishment than many of the classes of
persons who arc provided for, or attempted to be
provided for, in this biil, and who have failed to
perform their duties in the execution of contracts
made with the Government. There is no law
that would inflict punishment so severe as that it
could probably be executed which I would not
vote for; but 1 deem that the bill which the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan has reported is in-
competent entirely to bring them to justice; and
in a few words I will express my reasons for this
opinion.
If the honorable Senator will make his classes
of offenses civil, and bring them under the juris-
diction of civil courts, I will vote for every feature
of his bill; but to make them military offenses,
and to subject the persons that will be embraced
by the provisions he proposes to martial law and
to trial before military courts, I think it is wholly
incompetent for Congress to pass such a law.
The honorable Senator made one or two inquiries
of the Senator from Maine winch I will endeavor
to answer, us well as I can. Article five of the
amendments to the Constitution provides that—
"No person shall bo hold to answorfor a capital or other-
wise infamous ci ime, utiles on a pic:>cntmenior indictment
of ;i giand juty, except in cases anting in the land or naval
foiocs, or in the militia, when in actual scivice 111 tune of
war 01 public daugei."
This provision establishes two principles: 1.
All criminals against the laws of the United States,
except persons in the land*or naval forces of the
United States, or in the militia, when in actual
service in time of war or public danger, are to be
tried by the civil law and by civil couits, as con-
tradistinguished from the military, for any capital
or otherwise infamous crime. 2. Ail persons in
the land or naval forces, or in the militia when in
actual service in time of war or public danger, in
every case of crime or offense may be made sub-
ject to military law by military tribunals. To de-
termine what particular persons can be tried by
military law and military courts, it is only neces-
sary to ascertain who are land and naval forces
and militia; all others are amenable to another
code and other forums. The Supreme Court has
repeatedly, and upon plain principle of law, de-
cided that terms and phrases incorporated in the
Constitution must betaken according to the import
and meaning which they bore at the time it was
made. I do, not know that the terms under con-
sideration have now any different sense than what
they then had.
But this proposition cannot be successfully con-
troverted. It was the intention of those who made
the Constitution, and is its operation, to exclude
from amenability to military law and courts, to
the extent of capital and all other infamous pun-
ishments, every person who is not in the land or
naval forces, or militia in the service of the United
States, according to the meaning of those terms
when the Constitution was adopted. Each and
all of them mean troops, soldiers, men armed for
war. Whenever the strength or force of an army
is spoken of, not sutlers, teamsters, cooks, or
waiters are meant and included, but only men
who are armed in some mode, and who go into
battle to fight or conduct it. Mere hangers-on,
who are not soldiers or armed men, form no part
of the land or naval forces, or militia in the service
of the United States. This clause declares three
general classes of soldiers, land and naval, those
in the ordinary service, and militia in the United
States service, and authorizes all of them to be
excluded from trial by the civil law and courts in
all cases arising in their service respectively.
These phrases, in a certain sense,are synony-
mous; they all mean and comprehend soldiers
only; and militia describes the soldiers of a State f
not the followers of their camp, nor the men who
do not bear arms. Whenever any State or States
arc called upon by the General Government for a
quota of militia or conscripts, it has to furnish the
full number of troops, soldiers, men to camj urns
and to engage in battle; its teamsters, sutlers, and
other camp followers are never computed. It
seems to meclear that only troops, soldiers, armed
men, can be "land or naval forces or militia in
the seivice of the United States,"and can bemad©
subject to military law and trial,
This is a restriction as to persons; but there is
another as to'the offenses or character of the cases
of which military law and courts may be author-
ized to take cognizance. All such offenses must
form " cases arising in the land or naval service, or
in the militia, when in actual service in time of
war or public danger." Such a case cannot occur
with a person who is not in either of those ser-
vices, but may between one who is and another
who is not, when there would be two cases, one
of the citizen and the other of the soldier-. If the
latter were to leave his camp and go to the resi-
dence of the former, and assault him, and in his
proper self-defense he were to beat and injure the
other, he would not be amenable to military law
and courts, even if he slew his assailant. He
would be entitled to trial by jury. A soldier who
strikes an officer, or kills another soldier, or com-
mits any other offense which makes a case in the
line of his service, may be made subject to a sol-
dier's trial and punishment; but if he were to mur-
der a citizen, he would be subject to indictment,
trial, and punishment, even though he had been
acquitted by a court-martial.
Mr. HOWARD. Could he not be tried by a
court-martial ? That is the question.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think he could prop-
erly—not conclusively, if that court were to dis-
charge him. If the gentleman will examine the
history of such trials in England, he will find that
jurisdiction of militai y offenses, as a general rule,
has been restricted to purely military offcnses;and
the violations of the civil laws by soldiers are
cognizabic by the civil courts.
1 then come to the conclusion that forces, sol-
diers, troops, armed men, and not the followers
of an army, are subject to military law and mili-
tary courts; that it is only men of war who are
to be tried by that stem code, and by men whose
rule is arbitrary power and implicit obedience
rather than the just principles of law. But that
men away from the camp and thearmy,andcon-
stituting no part of it, m reality or by connection
or semblance, civilians, the myriads and variety
«i:id wide-spread contractors for army supplies,
arms, munition, clothes, boots, shoes, tents,
corn, flour, bread, potaiues} peas, oats, hay, and
an infinity of articles, could by act or Con-
gress be transformed into laud or naval forces,
or militia in the service of the United States, and
their frauds, or unwitting delinquencies In tlie ex-
