18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
ity or cruelty have stained the nation. Never
since the dawn of creation has any Government
menaced by insurrection or rebellion been so con-
siderate, so forbearing, so just, so humane, so
merciful. While spies and traitors are skulking
around us, ready to destroy the life of the nation,
I am unwilling to censure the Government of my
country for protecting the nation menaced by
assassins.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I had sup-
posed, previous to'the events of the last year or
two, that in this country we lived under a free
Government, though we were at war. I admit
that we are at war, and I admit that the just ac-
tions of Government ought to be sustained; but
I always supposed that the great value of this
Government consisted in the fact thatit afforded,
beyond all other Governments, the best guardian-
ship to the liberty of the individual citizen. Sir, i
what is the state of things now ? The honorable j
Senator from Massachusetts tells us that, in his
opinion, the Government have forborne; that
some mistakes may have been made in making
arrests, but that they ought to have gone further
than they have gone. The question does not lie
there. The question lies in the great principle
that the liberty of the citizen ought to be protected
against the Government except by public judicial
inquiry on facts primafacu established by affida-
vit in order to justify his incarceration, because
incarceration is imprisonment, it is punishment.
In no free Government can the citizen be arrested
at the will of an officer—I do not care who the
officer is, whether a Secretary of War or a Secre-
tary of the Navy, or any subordinate to whom a
Secretary chooses to delegate the power; and it
is impossible to call the Government where such
a power exists a free Government. What is it
that Montesquieu telis us is the very basis of all
free Governments, bo they monarchical or repub-
lican ? The subdivision of the powers of Govern-
ment into three coordinate branches—the legisla-
tive, the judicial, and the executive—independent
of each other. It is that division of power which
gi ves seem ity far the Individual liberty of the citi-
zen. ^The executive is charged with tire execu-
tion of the laws, or rather, to see that they are
duly executed. Does that give the executive the
power to administer judicial functions ? It might
just as well be said that an executive who was
dissatisfied with the verdict in a certain case could
grant a new trial, and that that would be execu-
ting the laws, as that an executive could dispense
with the known law of the land and entirely re-
move the power of the judiciary as a coordinate
branch of the Government; and yet that 1ms been
done. -The fact cannot be doubted. It was done
in the case at Fort Warren in which the soldiers
of the United States refused to allow the writ of
habeas corpus, issued by a judge of the Supreme
Court itself, to be served.
"State necessity" is pleaded. "State neces-
sity" has always been pleaded for the suppres-
sion of liberty. Mr. President, there can be no
necessity for this. We have had wars, and dan-
gerous wars, in the past. From 1812 to 1815 we
were engaged in a war with a Power our superior
in force, entirely so in naval force. Was she not
as formidable as the revolted States are now?
She had the command of the seas: we have the
entire command now. She was more than our
equal m wealth, and had the command of disci-
plined soldiers. We had soldiers to create, and
had not near her equality of wealth; our finances
were infinitely more embarrassed than they are
now. In that state of things, there was strong,
deep opposition to the war in a part of this coun-
try—throughout the whole of New England a
decided opposition to the war. Suppose the Gov-
ernment then, proceeding on the ground of" State
necessity," had assumed that every act should be
deemed treasonable or disloyal that was not in
support of the policy of the existing Administra-
tion, the result would have been inevitable: you
would have had a revolt in New England, and
justly a revolt in New England, if the attempt had
been made to overiide the individual liberties of
tne citizen in the same manner the Government
has done now in reference to those who arc op-
posed to the policy of the present Administration.
Sir, in war or in peace, the great principle, that
the individual liberty of the citizen is equally to
be guarded in the one case as m the other, should
always be adhered to.
Now, sir, come to the case before you. In the
State of Delaware there has been neither insur-
rection, revolt, nor contemplated revolt, by any
citizen of the State against the General Govern-
ment or its authority. The State has been pet -
fectly peaceable. 1 suppose it is not disloyal to
oppose an existing Administration, to differ from
it in opinion, to believe that the question of eman-
cipation had better be left to be dealt with in the
future, as it has been in the past, by individual
States. I suppose that does not constitute dis-
loyalty; and if it does not constitute disloyalty,
there is no ground on which any charge of dis-
loyalty can Be made against any citizen of Dela-
ware.
Mr. President, what is the meaning of the term
"loyalty?" I claim to be loyal. Isupposethat
loyalty in a republic does not mean adhesion to
the fortunes ofaman or an administration. Itis
not a personal adhesion. Loyalty is attachment
to the laws and the Constitution of the country,
and a determination to support them; and tested
by that, I claim that the people of Delaware are
what their natural position would make them,
eminently Union men; their own intrinsic weak-
ness would necessarily make them so; and in no
portion of the country have the people more deeply
regretted anything that tended to the disruption
of this Union. Why should citizens of Delaware
have been arrested, and we be told that we are not
entitled to inquire into it? What becomes of the
Government m that case? I have shown you that
as the basis of free Government, the judicial power
should exist as a coordinate department; and your
own law requires the judiciary to issue a habeas
corpus and inquire judicially into the causes of con-
finement. What would be the consequence if that
were attempted > We should have the same scene
at Fort Delaware, where these prisoners are con-
fined, as was enacted at Fort Warren. If the Sen-
ate of the United States and the House of Rep-
. resentatives, if the legislative branch are also to
i withdiaw all safeguard and ail inquiry over the
rights of the citizens, what is your Government
then ? Is it a free Government? If the act of the
individual magistrate, if the act of one of his cab-
inet, of any one to whom lie chooses to delegate
general powers, can take away a man's liberty
without charge, for some indefinite offense that
we know nothing about, and hold him in impris-
onment for an indefinite period of time, without
a hearing, without the possibility of a public in-
quiry—is a Government in which such a state of
things as that can exist a free Government? As we
have no redress under the luwsand the Constitu-
tion by means of the judicial power, which is a
coordinate branch of the Government, I hope that
at least this body will call for the evidence upon
which two American citizens lie now and have
lain for months incarcerated in Port Delaware, on
a charge unknown to them or to any of their
friends, and I will venture to say entirely baseless
as a ground of imprisonment. That is all we ask
to know. Are not the Senat-e capable, when the
answer comes to them, of saying whether there
was sufficientground to detain these men in prison?
Is this one of the " mistakes" that have been
made?
Mr. President, I think we ask little indeed when
we ask the Senate to protect the rights of two in-
j dividual citizens of my State. If the State had been
in revolt, if she had embarked in revolt against
' the Administration, I could understand perfectly
I why yon might refuse to exercise any power of
• this kind for the purpose of redressing the wrongs
! of individuals; but nothing of the kind has been
attempted at any time. If it has been intimated,
it is absurd; not a scintilla of evidence of such a
purpose has ever existed. The doctrine of seces-
sion, the right of secession, has never been advo-
cated in the State of Delaware. It has never been
the doctrine of any of her representatives. In
| my judgment it is a doctrine that strikes at the
! foundation of Government where it is admitted.
| I hope the Senate will reflect on what is the ob-
i ject of the inquiry asked here, and see why in
< point of sheer justice we are entitled to it. These
i two men were arrested on the day of what we call
] our little election; that is, the election of subordi-
j nate officers, which occurs one month previous to
| the general election. They were arrested on that
| day at the place of election, as I understood, by or-
| derof Colonel Wallace, a commander of-the home
I guards of Maryland. What business they had
in the State of Delaware at the time of an election
in the State, it is difficult for any man who really
does not design to pervert and subvert this Gov-
ernment from its original foundations and to de-
stroy and obliterate State lines, to determine.
These men were arrested and have been held in
confinement since the 7th day of October. Their
friends have been unable to ascertain what they
are confined for. No hearing has been allowed
them; no means of judicial application to test the
ground of their arrest. I do not know either of
them personally; they live in the lower part of the
State; but they are men of respectable character
in the community, and I venture to say that it
will be found, if the Senate will call for the inform-
ation, that the amount of the testimony is not
worth a snap of the finger for the purpose of in-
carcerating the humblest citizen of the land. Yet
there they are.
Mr. President, if the Government persists m
this system of arrests by discretion—it comes
back to that—if the law of the land which the ju-
diciary are bound to execute is put at defiance by
the military power of the Government, and if Con-
gress will not, in the case of arrests, even call for
the testimony and inform their own judgment as
to whether this is one of the mistaken cases, ot
whether this is a proper case for holding men in
imprisonment for an indefinite period of time, then
of course we are living under just as despotic a
Government as existed in France in the time of
Louis XIV.
I hope the resolution will be adopted, and I hope
the Secretary of War will give us some plausible
ground, at least, for having exercised such an au-
thority in this case.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I desire
that this resolution should lie over for a day or
two before it is acted upon, and I will statc^ tv.y
reason. I have been informed, upon what I deem
very good authority, and I think I am not mis-
taken, that in all these cases of arrest of persons
suspected of treason, the offer has always been
made to the arrested parties that, if they would
take an oath of allegiance to the Government of
the United States, the prison door should be open,
and they have never been restrained of their lib-
erty except when they refused to take that oath.
Mr. President, this complaint of the great op-
pression of this Government because, in time of
war, men have been arrested under circumstances
to raise suspicions of their loyalty, it seems to me
is not very well founded, so long as the prison
door is open to all arrested upon suspicion only, if
they will simply take the oath of allegiance and to
support the Government. I think, sir, I am not
misinformed in this respect. There has been some
complaint, and with more reason, perhaps, made
against the Government because it has been too
lenient towards men who have been notoriously
engaged, in sympathy and in act, too, with the
traitors against the Government; and the com-
plaint has been, not because suspected parties have
been arrested,butUtause the guilty have notbeen
shotorhung; that the prison door has been opened
too easily to many of these men.
I desire, for one, to obtain some further inform-
ation on this subject. If it be true that to all these
parties arrested upon suspicion in the loyal States
the Government has made the offer of opening the
prison door on their taking the oath of allegiance,
I do not think it worth while to take up the time
of the Senate by going into particular inquiries in
particular cases at this short session, when every
energy should be put forth to crush the rebel
j j armies. I believe such to be the fact. 1 should
like to get more definite information before I am
called upon to act finally on this resolution.
I have felt called upon to say this much because
this complaint has been made a matter of grave
charge against the Administration, that arresting
and imprison! ng, in this time o f war, men suspected
of treason, or in sympathy with treason, is gross
oppression; when, as I understand it, all the time
they have been asked to do what any loyal man
ought to do, and what every one of us must do
every time we cross the Potomac to visit a fort or
a camp, take an oath to support the Government—
simply, upon oath, to declare themselves loyal,
and then go free.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It was not my intention
to trouble the Senate with another remark in ref-
erence to the resolution which I offered, and I cer-
I tainly shall not now discuss) t at any length or with
