1863.
X
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS!
ecution of their contracts, be made cases arising
in the land, or naval, or militia service of the
United States, is a stupendous absurdity.
If Congress were to pass a law declaring a*cloud
to be a whale, it would nevertheless be a cloud,
and would be so treated by the world beside.
This provision of the Constitution establishes a
principle, and neither Congress nor the Secretary
of War can eradicate that principle, or bring
within its operation all nature and art too. They
can neither diminish, enlarge, norchange it. The
Senator informs us that this bill was framed by
the Secretary of War.
Mr. HOWARD. The gentleman misunder-
stood me. I said at the War Office.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, that is the same thing;
the distinctive features of the bill fix its paternity
on the Secretary of War. lie is prone^to bring
every person and every act within military law
and military courts. But if the honorable Sen-
ator will change his bill so as to make the offenses
declared by it civil offenses, to be tried according
to the course of the common law, I will support
it with much satisfaction.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will pardon me, on looking at the statute
as it passed at the last session, although i do not
deem it a sufficient provision to meet the cases of
law which are covered by section two, still I shall
be content with that, and I will consent that the
second scetion may be stricken out.
Mr. DAVIS. I will give way after reading a
single extract:
u Martial law, such as it is described by Lord Hale, find
such also as it is marked by Mr. Justice Blackstone, does
not exist m England at ail. Where martial law is estab-
lished and picvails in any country, it is of a totally differ-
ent nature Irom that which is inaccurately called ' martial
law' merely because the decision is by a coutt-martial, but
which bears no affinity to that which was attempted to be
exerci-ed in this, kingdom, which was contrary to the con-
stitution, and which has been for a century totally ex-
ploded. Wheie martial law prevails, the authority under
which it isexeicised claims a jurisdiction overall military
persons under all circumstances. Even their debts are
subject to inquiiy by a military authority ; every species of
offense committed by any person who appertains to the
army 1- tried, not by a civil jndieatuie, hut by the judica-
tuie of ihe liniment or coips to which he belong-*. It ex-
tends al.-o to si great vaiiety of ca>es not iclatingto the dis-
cipline of an auny in those States winch subsist by nnlitaiy
power. Plots auaiiibt the soveieign, intelligence to the
eneinv, and the like, are all considered within the cogni-
zance of military authority. In this country all the delin-
quencies ot'soidieis are nottnahlp, as m most countries of
Euiope, by martial law ; but where they are ordmaiy of-
fences against the civil peace, they are tried by the com-
mon Uuv couits. Therefore it U totally inaccurate to <;tate
maitial law as having any place whatever withm the realm
of Great Biitain."
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the Senator
from Kentucky and myself are so unfortunate as
not to agree upon the proper interpretation of the
language of the Constitution. I wish it were oth-
erwise, because I have a great respect for Ins legal
opinion, and I have an equal respectfor the opin-
ion of my friend from Maine. I cannot concur,
however, with the Senator from Kentucky. The
Constitution declares, in article live of the amend-
ments, that" no person shall be held to answer
for a capital or othei wise infamous crime, unless
on a presentment or indictment of a grand jury,
except in cases arising in the land or naval forces,
or in the militia, when m actual service in time of
war or publicdanger." It is quite clear, from the
very language of this clause, that crimes which
are neither capital nor infamous need not be pun-
ished by indictment or presentment of a grand
jury; so that there is, by the plainestimplication,
a large class of offenses against the United States
not coming within the category of capital or in-
famous offenses, which may be punished other-
wise. Tins, I take it, will not be denied by the
Senator from Kentucky. It is only those dunes
the punishment of which is capital, or which are
infamous crimes, that are required to be punished
upon indictnientor piesentment. Now, sir, none
of the crimes named in this bill are declared by
the bill itself to be capital. I believe that the test
whether a crime is ail infamous crime in the sense
of tiie Constitution is not the mode or pleasure of
punishment of that crime, but the quality and na-
ture of the crime itself. Such, at least, is the more
modern ruling, both of the English and of the
American couits. But the clause goes oil and con-
tains an exception, not an exception of persons,
as the Senator fioin Kentucky would seem to in-
timate, not an exception of individuals, but an
exception of cases. The exception contains nil
" cases arising in the land or naval forces,"
whether in peace or war, and all cases arising in
" the militia when in actual service in time of war
or public danger." That is the express excep-
tion. Wow, sir, it is plain enough that in all cases
where the punishment is not capital,or where the
crime itself is not infamous in its character and
quality, the trial may be had otherwise than by
presentment or indictment; and it may be had be-
fore a court-martial if arising in the military or
naval forces.
Well, sir, what is a case " arising in the land or
naval forces of the United States, or in the militia,
when in actual service in time of war or public
danger?" The honorable Senator from Kentucky
insists that the case must be one in which an officer
or soldier of the United States has committed an
offense, for he insists that this category includes
that class of persons only. I disagree with him.
In giving a construction to any instrument, wheth-
er that instrument be a statute of a State or of the
Federal Government, or a constitution, we must
necessarily look to the consequences which will
flow from any assumed interpretation; and if it
shall appear that upon such an interpretation con-
sequences injurious, unreasonable, or inconve-
nient are to flow, that interpretation is not to l>c
adopted unless the language is so imperative in its
terms as to require it. In short, it is the argu-
ment ab inconvenienti. Now, let us take a plain
case. Suppose an army to be in the field, and
suppose that within its lines and within its ac-
knowledged military jurisdiction, a murder shall
be committed by a citizen upon a soldier, the latter
being in the discharge of his duty, being actually
in the ranks m the service of his country: suppose
this murder, in whatever form it may be commit-
ted, whether by poisoning or by open violence,
is committed upon one of the soldiers within the
lines, within the encampment; I ask my friend
from Kentucky whether he would say that that
was not a "case" in which the offender could,
under an act of Congress, be punished by a court-
martial?
Mr. DAVIS. Most certainly I say so.
Mr. HOWARD. That he could not be tried
by court-martial ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes.
Mi. HOWARD. The Senator must say so,
because he has already argued that the only per-
sons subject to this law martial must be either
officersorsoldiors regularly enrolled in the service
of the United States. Now, sir, I take it that the
experience of the world is against my friend from
Kentucky oil that point. I take it that no mili-
tary man, with a proper instruction in his profes-
sion, would hesitate for one moment to subject a
citizen who had committed the offense to trial and
punishment by court-martial. It would be plainly
a " case "arising in. the military forces of the Uni-
ted States. It is well known that sutlers 111 the
Army serve the United States under a mere con-
tract, following the Army wherever it goes for
the purpose of vending their commodities to the
soldiers and officers under regulations, and are
always held subject to martial law and trial by
court-martial. They are citizens; they do not
compose a part of the enrolled troops of the United
States. Take another case. Suppose that in time
of war our Army has made an invasion of a for-
eign country, and that its very existence depends
on the promptness and fidelity with which army
contractors bring forward their supplies, whether
of provisions, clothing, or arms; and suppose a
contractor, having taken upon himself the lespons-
ibility of furnishing such supplies, indispensable
to the success of the campaign, and even the ex-
istence of the Army, should take it into his head
in the heart of such foreign country to destroy the
supplies or fraudulently to make way with them,
even to sell them to the enemy, I ask my learned
friend from Kentucky whether he would not re-
, gard that as a " case" plainly coming within the
! power of Congress to try by martial law and pun-
1 ish by martial law? Yet it could not be, accord-
ing to his interpretation of the Constitution, for
the reason that the contractor is not an enrolled
officer or soldier in the service of the United
States. ,
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator from Mich-
igan allow me ? I think there is a law on the stat-
ute-book that will avoid a great deal of this dis-
cussion. If I understood the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, he said that the law officer of the War
Department thought there was no. law making
contractors subject to the roles of the Army. . :
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. No_, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. There isalaw> but itisqaite
imperfect.
Mr, WILSON, of Massachusetts. Itissoirai
perfect that it cannot be executed.
Mr. POWELL. There was a law passed at
the last session on that- subject. • - '
Mr. GRIMES. It does not apply to trans*
ports. • : -
Mr. HOWARD. It seems to Hie that the more
reasonable and beneficial construction of this
clause of the amendment is this: that where the
offense has been committed, where the act has
been done by a person so connected with the mil*
itary service as that the act is plainly injurious to
that service, it is a " case" arising in the military
forces of the United States, and as such may be
made cognizable by a court-martial; for without
this construction lean well conceive of cases where
irreparable injury might be done to the service
unless the offender were brought to speedy jus-
tice, unless the remedy were suddenly, promptly,
and effectually applied upon the spot. The ex-
ception in the clause was manifestly inserted for
the benefit and protection of the service, and it
ought to receive that construction; itoughttobe
interpreted with a view to the very end itself which
was contemplated by the framcrs of the Consti-
tution, which was to give efficiency to the Army
and to the Navy. I cannot doubt that the Con-
gress of the United States has precisely thesama
power to conduct and carry on a war and to reg-
ulate all the incidents connected with or grow-
ing out of war, as any other Government on the
globe. Its poweris perfectly ample. Wherever
there is a war there supervene to the United States
all the incidents of war, and theGovernmentmay
apply to that state of war all the laws that regu-
late war, no matter whether they be applied to in-
dividuals, to communities, or to nations. We
have the same power in this l-egard as France or
any other Government on the face of the earth,
and the Constitution ill no respect limits us in its
appjication or use.
Without some such stringent and prompt pro-
ceeding as is contemplated by this hill we sjiall
still have to complain of the enormousand flagrant -
frauds connected with the military service which
are perpetually practiced upon the Treasury. I
wish to punish the guilty speedily and without
delay. I do not wish the poople, who are looking
on our proceedings here with so much interest, tc>
sink down in despair under the idea that it is out
ofthepowereven of Congress to retrieve the char-
actttrofthenation from the stigma which this long
practice of fraud and corruption has inflicted on
our Government.
As to the amendment offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts I do not know that I have
any objection to it; indeed, I am willing to accept
it; for it will, in my opinion, add not only to the
perspicuity of the bill, but to its vigor and effi-
ciency. „
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The question is on amending the second sectiop
in the manner proposed by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, before the question is taken on strik-
ing out the second section, as moved by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will with-
draw that amendment. On studying over care-
fully the fifteenth section of the act of last year
" to define the pay and emoluments of certain of-
ficers of the Army, and for other purposes," I
find that contractors are subject to martial law.
Mr. HARRIS. What page is that.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Page 321
of the volume of laws that I hold in my hand.
These contractors are made subject to martial law
by that act. I withdraw the amendment, and let
the whole section be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator fiom Massachu-
setts is withdrawn.
Mr. COWAN. It seems that the war officer
has not made a very minute investigation, or per-
haps he could have regulated this matter. I have
only to suggest to the committee who have this
bill m chaige that 1 think it would be well, per-
haps, if they give it their attention. In the first
place, in framing a law, it is necessary to ascer-
tain exactly the mischief you desire to correct.
