958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
I take it all these mischiefs result from conspir-
acy. I cannot conceive how the Government
should be defrauded if the Government agent is
an honest man. Where the Government agent
purchases an article, or employs vessels or any-
thing of that kind, if he is an honest man there
is very little danger that the Government will suf-
fer; but if he is a corrupt man, anil the contrac-
tor be corrupt, and they conspire together, there
is the offense, and it is from that offense the Gov-
ernment suffers. Now, I would suggest that a
section be drawn making a conspiracy to cheat
the United States, by any false report as to the
actual value of a commodity, by any false report
as to the quality or the quantity of it, be made
an offense, and I take it from the reports I have
seen made by investigating committees, there is
generally in the transaction itself enough to pro-
cure a conviction before a court and jury. If the
Government agent is found giving two prices for
an article, the price of which is well known, you
cannotexplain it by any otherhypothesis possible
than that he and the seller had colluded together,
ai^d that they were to divide the difference between
the actual value of the article and the one at which
it was purchased. I think it would be well, there-
fore, to include in this bill a section making any
conspiracy of that kind punishable by the laws of
the United States.
Mr. HOWARD. Here is one clause, I will
inform the Senator from X^ennsylvania:
Any person in said forces or service who shall enter into
any agreement, combination, or conspiracy to client or de-
fraud tile Government of the United States, See.
It applies to persons in the military service.
Mr. COWAN. The difficulty that I see about
it is, that it speaks generally of a conspiracy to
cheat and defraud, which would perhaps be bad
in an indictment. It ought to set forth the means
by which the conspiracy is effected. For instance,
an employe of the Government charters a vessel
and pays $100 a day for it, when a jury might
readily be satisfied that a fair price for it was
twenty dollars. In such a case tliey misrepresent
the actual value of the vessel hired. I think, in
order to make an indictment safe, that that slipuld
be set forth in the statute, and should be followed
in (he indictment; but a mere charge of conspir-
acy generally to defraud and cheat, without stating
the mode, manner, and token by which it was
done, would he bad, I think—bad. for vagueness.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the second section of -the amend-
ment reported by the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. That section being stricken
out, it is necessary to amend the third seeti^ to
make it conform to what precedes it. I move,
therefore, in section three, line five, to strike out
the words " or cease to be a contractor or agent
as aforesaid."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those words
will be stricken out, if no objection bo made, in
order to make the amendment conformable iit its
several parts.
Mr. HOWARD. After the word £< discharge,*'
in the sixth line of the same section, I move to in-
sert the word " or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In the same line of the same
section, I move to strike out the words " ceasing
to be a contractor or agent."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In line ten I move to strike
Out the words "or ceased to be a contractor."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is 011 the amendment of the committee as
amended.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to hear that third
section read as amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jhul he it fuitker cnartaJ, That an\ person heretofore
called, or berealtcr to be called, into 01 employed in Mich
forces or service who <=hall have committed any violation
of this act. ami shall afterwanl* tecenv hwdiscluugeor ho
dismissed f'lojsi the service shall, notwithstanding such dis-
cbaigeoi diMjihsal, continue to bo liable to he arrested and
held lor trial and sentence!)} a comt-martial in the same
manner and to the same extent as if he bad not leecived
such discharge or been di*mift<Gd.
Mr. HOWARD. I think another slight amend-
mentshouid be made in the third line. The words
"have committed" should be stricken out and
the word "commit" inserted, so as to make the
provision entirely prospective and not retroactive.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi-
cation will be made, 110 objection being interposed.
Mr. COWAN. The Senator will allow me to
suggest that he amend that section as proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts so as to provide
that when these persons are taken into the service
they be required to subscribe to the Articles of
War the same as soldiers. Thattakesaway from
them all cause of complaint. They cannot after-
wards allege that they have not had notice of the
peculiar 1 ules and regulations to which they will be
held subject by the Government. It can be easily
done, and then when a person & employed not per-
haps immediately in the military service, bccause
I do not understand it to apply exactly 
Mr. HOWARD. This does not apply to con-
tractors at all now.
Mr. COWAN. But it applies to employes of
the Government in the service.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; it applies to persons
in the military service, and leaves to the courts
the power to decide what persons are in the mil-
itary service, it is a judicial question, as I re-
marked before.
Mr. COWAN. If I held any one to be sub-
ject to these rules and regulations, I would require
him to subscribe to them upon his entering into
the service of the Army. If the Government sends
an employe into the Army for the purpose of per-
forming certain services, let him subscribe to the
rules and articles of war.
Mr. HOWARD. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts applies to contractors
totally.
Mr. COWAN. That has not been offered,
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; he offered it, but
withdrew it. I think the section had better stand
as it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the commit-
tee as amended.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to ask the Senator from
Michigan whether the words " and not such con-
tractors," in the fourth line of the fourth section,
are still retained in that section?
Mr. HOWARD. Those words " and notsuch
contractors" should be stricken out; and I make
that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those words
will be stricken out, if no objection beinterposed.
Mr. HOWE. Would it be in order to move an
amendment to the eighth section of the amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Amendments
are in order.
Mr. HOWE. 1 will inquire of the Senator from
Michigan if he would have any objection tost liking
out " three," and inserting "six," in the eighth
section; so that it will read:
That every such suit shall be commenced within six ycara
fioni the doin'? 01 committing the act, and not afterwards,
Mr. HOWARD. Not the slightest,
Mr. GRIMES. You ought to make it a longer
period.
Mr. HOWE. I will move to amend that sec-
tion by striking out" three"and inserting " six."
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator from
Wisconsin to enlarge the term of the limitation
to tx-n yeais. If a man swindles the Government
in times like these, there ought never to be any
limitation; and no matter when the development
may be made, no mutter when it shall be discov-
ered that he has been guilty of pei petrating fraud
on the Government, the government ought to
have the privilege of coming upon him, or his
estate and his heirs, and recovering the money of
which he hasdeftauded it, I trust the Senator
will accept of my proposition, to make it ten years
in place of six.
Mr. HOWE. I have no personal objection to
the limitation proposed by the Senator from Iowa;
but when I rose to propose the amendment I saw ■
that there was a difference of opinion, some sug-
gesting one term and some another; and I thought
perhaps six years would meet with the views of
the Senate, and perhaps ten would not. There is
some weight, I think, to be given to this consid-
eiation, that the Government ought to be held to
some little diligence in prosecuting these men.
Besides, we cannot shut our eyes to the fact that
in the lapse often years or a longer period testi-
mony is likely to be lost; the memory is likely to
be obscured as to the facts of a transaction; and
an investigation prosecuted at that distance of
time would be attended with trouble and hazard. I
should not oppose a proposition to insert ten years;
but I think, perhaps, six years will-be enough.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on amending the eighth section by striking out
" three" and inserting " six."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
GAUGE OF PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President  
Mr. HARLAN. I ask my colleague to allow
me to make a motion to take up Senate bill No.
483, to fix the gauge of the Pacific railroad.
Mr. GRIMES. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
483) to establish the gauge of the Pacific railroad
and its branches.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It directs Chat the gauge of the Pacific
railroad and its branches throughout their whole
extent, from the Pacific coast to the Missouri
river, shall be established at four feet eight and a
half inches.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator what the particular ob-
ject is of fixing that gauge by law. I am of opin-
ion, derived from some observation—as I once
had the misfortune of being a director of a rail-
road—that the gauge of four feet eight and a half
inches is very much too small for so important a
road as this. If, however, there arc reasons con-
nected with it that render it necessary of course
] shall make no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall attempt to answer the
Senator's question in a very few words. The Pa-
cific railroad bill, when it passed Congress, left
the establishment of the gauge to the President of
the United States. Perhaps no member .of the
committee of the Senate knew at that time what
the gauge was of a majority of the roads in the
United States, and were consequently unable to fix
the gauge; and yet the subject was of vast import-
ance to all parties who .had invested money in the
railroads that had previously been completed. I
have here a synopsis of the length of the roads that
have already been built in the States and hope to
connect, directly or indirectly, with this road,
from which I learn thattherearc3,6G9milesof rail-
roads in New England, for example, all of which
are established at the gauge of 4 feet 8| inches,
except one road, the Atlantic and St. Lawrence,
of 149 miles in length. In New York there are
2,701 miles of railroads completed, all of which
have the gauge of 4 feet Sj inches. In New Jer-
sey there are 560 miles; m Pennsylvania, 2,540
miles; in Ohio, 2,999 miles; all of which are es-
tablished 011 a gauge of 4 feet 8| inches, or 4 feet
10 inches; and I learn from railroad men that tho
engines and cars that run on one can run on the
other, except the Ohio and Mississippi road of
340 miles, which has a gauge of 6 feet. Ln Indiana
there ate 2,125 miles; in Michigan, 799 miles; in
Illinois, 2,868 miles; in Wisconsin, 922 miles; in
Iowa, 080 miles; all established on the gauge of
4 feet 8] inches. In Missouri there are 817 miles,
of which 207 are established on a gauge of 4 feet
85 inches, and the residue on a e;auge of 5 feet 6
inches. In Maryland there are 380 miles; in Del-
aware, 136 miles; all of which, I learn from their
Senators here, aie established on the gauge of 4
feet 8| inches; that is, they express it as their
conviction that that is so. In Kentucky there are
570 miles, all of which, except about 100 miles,
arc established on a gauge of 4 feet 8j? inches.
The Baltimore and Ohio railroad, leading from
tliH city to the Ohio river and western Virginia,
is also established on the same gauge of 4 feet 85
inches, _ Summing these up, I find that there are
1,199 miles of railroads that are completed in the
States named of different gauges, and that there
are 20,567 miles already completed on a gauge of
4 feet 82 inches. Those that are different from
this gauge have cost the owners $60,000,000,and
those that are on this gauge have cost the country
$849,000,000.
