20
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
December 8,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Mondayj December 8, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
hy the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The" Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
VACANCIES ON COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER appointed the following mem-
bers to fill vacancies in the standing committees:
On Private Land Claims—Thomas A. D. Fessen-
dek, of Maine, in the place of C. W. Walton,
resigned;and Amasa Walker,of Massachusetts,
in the piace of Luther Hanchett, deceased.
On Military Affairs—Edward McPherson, of
Pennsylvania, in the place of Francis P. Blair, re-
signed; and George H. Yeamant, of Kentucky,
in the place of James S. Jackson, deceased.
On Public Expenditures—James H. Campbell,
of Pennsylvania, in the place of Luther Hanchett,
deceased.
SELECT COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced, as the select com-
mittee ordered by the House to investigate certain
charges against Hon. James M. Ashley, the
following members: John A. Bingham, of Ohio;
Schuyler Colt-ax, of Indiana; John W. Noell,
of Missouri; Samuel L. Case?, of Kentucky; and
Edward Haigiit, of New York.
Mr. COLFAX. Being already upon two com-
mittees, one of which is a very laborious one, I
must ask the House to excuse me from scrvice
upon this select committee.
No objection being made, Mr. Colfax was
excuscd.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand from the read-
ing of the list that the Speaker has been pleased
to name me to serve upon the committee to inves-
tigate the inquiries raised by my colleague, [Mr.
Asiket.] 1 beg the House will excuse me. From
many considerations, I am induced to make that
request; among others, the duties which pertain
to me already arc as much as i have the physical
strength to pei form.
No objection beipg made, Mr. Bingham was
excused.
TheSPEAKERappointedMr.Bx.AKE, of Ohio,
ns chairman of the committee, in ploce of Mr.
Bingham; and Mr. Shanks, of Indiana, in the
place of Mr. Colfax.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular or-
der of business, to call the committees for reports,
for reference only. No reports being made, the
States were next called for resolutions, (under
which bills upon leave were in order,) when the
following resolutions and bills were introduced:
TRUST FUNDS I^OIt INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. ED WARDS introduced the followingreso-
Jution; winch was read, considered, and ogreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire whetherany further legislation h neces-
sary in relation to the funds hold oy the Government in
tm-n for certain Indian tribe*; andtoieportb\ bill or other-
wise.
CONVICTS IN THE DISTRICT OK COLUMBIA.
Mr. TRAIN introduced a bill to provide for the
punishment of persons convicted of crimes by the
criminal courts of the District of Columbia; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
OFFICIAL REPORT OF GENERAL TiUELL.
Mr. ItQSCOE CONKLING introduced the fol-
lowing resolution, on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if in his opin-
ion not incompatible with the public infro^t, to transmit
to this House th^ la^t olaciai leportof Majm General Bueli.
The previous question wns seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; anu under the
operation thereof, the resolution was adopted.
CLERIC TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. ELY introduced Hie following resolution,
on which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Portion? be
authorized to employ a clerk during the present fusion of
Congress, at th * u-am! r«.ue of compilation lor the time act-
ually employed.
The previous question wns seconded, and the
main question ordered to be nut.
Air. CALVERT. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of ihe resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, called for tellers on
the passage of the resolution.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to lay the resolution on
the table; and called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I desire to know whether
this committee ever had a clerk before.
Mr. ELY. With the consent of the House, I
wii! answer the gentleman from Kentucky. The
Committee on Invalid Pensions have always had
a clerk; and I trust the gentleman from Kentucky
will not refuse us a clerk at the present time, and
at the present session, when the probabilities are
that the business of the committee will be vastly
increased.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 28, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Mes«r«. William J. Allen, Ancona, Bailv, Wil-
liam G. Biown, Calvert,Clements, Fredrick A. Conkling,
Cravens. Delano, Dunlap, Harding, Hickman, Holman,
Kn-ipp, LawjLazear, Noble, Olin, Pendleton,Richardson,
Riddle, Smith, John B. Steele, Stile^, Tram, Washbume,
Chilton A. White, and Worcester—28.
MAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Babbitt, Baxter, Beaman, Bing-
ham, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Buffiuton. Campbell,
Chamberlain, Chirk, Colfax. Conway, Cox, Cutler, D.ivis,
Duel I, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Elv, English. Fen •
ton, Samuel C. Foseudcn, Thomas A. D. Fcssenden,
Fi-her, Franchot, Goodwin, Grider, Gurlcy, Hale, Hall,
Harrison, Hooper, IIutchin«, Julian, K^Jle\, Francis W.
Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis, Love.jov, Low, Mallory, Moor-
head, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S.'Morrill, Nixon, Noell,
Norton, Patton, Pike, Porter, Price, Alexander ff. Rice,
John II. Rico, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Bhel-
Inbarger, Sioan, Spaulding. Steven^, Stratton. Benjamin
F. Thomas, Tumble, Tiowbridge, Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Walker, Wall, Wallace, Wheeler, Wlialey, Albert S.
White, Wilson, Windom, and Woodruff—79.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. ELY. -I see by the Journal of last session
that on the 29th of December a sinularresolution
was introduced into and passed by the House.
As that is without limitation, I take it for granted
it covers a clerk for the whole Congress. I was
not present at that time, and was not aware until
now that such a resolution had passed. I there-
fore ask unanimous consent to withdraw the res-
olution.
No objection being made, the resolution was
withdrawn.
CLOTIIINO LOST 33Y SOLDIERS.
Mr. VAN "WYCK introduced a bill to provide
for the immediate payment for clothing lost in
the service by soldiers in the Army of the United
States-, which was read a first and second time,and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
WITNESSES IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. LANSING introduced a bill relative to
witnesses in the courts and tribunals ofthe United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to ihe Committee on the Judiciary.
PAY OP SOLDIERS.
Mr. VAN WYCK introduced a bill to increase
the pay of privates, non-commissioned officers,
and musicians in the Army of the United States;
which was readafirstand second time,and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
BILL OF INDEMNITY.
Mr. STEVENS introduced a bill to indemnify
the President and other personsfor suspending* the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, and acts done
in pursuance thereof; which was read a first time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to the sec-
ond reading of that bill.
1 he SPEAKER. The question then is, "Shall
the bill be rejected?"
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nnys.
The yas and nays werp ordered.
Til* question was put; and it was derided in the
negative—yeas 34, nays 90: as follows:
'ill.AS Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, CaH'ert,
Cobb, Conway. Cox, Craven*, Crittenden, Dunlao, Eng-
li-n, Gridf-r, Hardin;?, Holmm, Knapn, Law, Mallory,
Monzios. Morris Xobic, Vnrton, Pendleton, Pricc. Rich-
ardson, Robinson, Shiol, Smith, Jo'.n U. Steele,'Stile-
Valkridicharn, Vooii^es, Clnlton A. Wimp, Wtekhffe,
Woodruff, and V'^inta.i—?4.
■SAYS—Messrs. A'Uy, Arnold, Ashley, Bnhhitt, Ba!;nr,
Baxter, {5eam.ni, Jacob B. Blair, Samuel s!
Blau. William C. Biown, BnfUnton, Ournham, Campbell,
Cbainheiiatn, CJmk, Colih*. Frederick A. Coukluig, Kos-
coe Conkimg, Cutler, Davis, DWano, Dueil, Dunn, Ediivr-
ton, Edwards, E; ot, Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Fes&enden,
Tbormv* A f>. Kes-'t-ndv3!;. riibut. FYanrhoi. Frank,Good-
Win, Gurley,Hale, Harrison, Hickman, Hooper, Hutching,
Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Low, McKniglH, Mcpherson, Moorhead, Ansou
P. Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Noell, Olin, Patton,
Pike, Porter, Potter, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice,
Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks,
Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sherman, Sloan, Spauldmg, Ste-
vens, Stratton, Benjamin P. Thomas, Tram, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyck,
Walker, Wall, Wallace, Washburne, Wheeler, Albert S.
White, Wilson, Windom, and Worcester—90.
So the House refused to rcject the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until next Thurs-
day, and to make it a special order at that time,
after the morning hour, to continue such from day
to day until disposed of.
t Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to malting
it a special order.
Mr. COLFAX. Then let us pass it now.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. As the morning hour has not
expired yet, a motion to postpone the rules is not
in order. The question is on the motion to post-
pone.
Mr. COX. Will it be in order to move to refer
that bill to the Judiciary Committee?
The SPEAKER. Not during the pendency of
a motion to postpone.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the motion to
postpone, and ask to put the bill on its passage;
and upon that I ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded—ayes 70,
noes 30.
The question recurred upon ordering the main
question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Me<ers. Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker, Barter,
Beaman, Bingham, Jacob 15. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Wil-
ham G. Blown, Bufiinton, Bumliani, Campbell, Chamber-
lain, Clark, Colfax, Fn'rietiek A. Conklin^. Ros-coe Conk-
hng, Cutler, Davis, Duel!, Dunn, Liteerton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Fes&enden. Thomas A. D.
Fessenden, Fisher, Fianchot, Fiank, Curley, Ilalc, Har-
rison, Ihckman, Hooper, Iloiton, iiiucliins* Julian, Kel-
ley, Francis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Lovejov, Low, Mc-
Kinsht, McPherson, Mourhead. An'ison P. Morrill, Justin
S. Morrill, Nixon, Noell, Ohn, Patton, Piko. Pomeioy,
Porter, Potter, John II. Rice, Riddle, Edwaid II. Rollins,
Sargent,Sedgwick. Shellabuiser, Sherman, Sloan, Spauid-
mg, Stevens, Stiatton, Tumble, Trowbridge, Van Horn,
Van Valkenbuigi), Van Wyck, Walker, Wallace, Walton,
Washburne, Wheeler, Albeit S. White, Wilson, Windom,
and Worccj«ter—83.
NAYS—Me««!rs. William J. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Cal-
vert, Cobb, Conway, Cox, Craven<. Cnttenden, Delano,
Engllsn, Foake, Goodwin, Granger. Gilder, Hall, Harding,
Iloirnon, Johnson, Kti<ipn,Law, Mallory, I\Ie?izie<, Moiris,
NToi)!e, Norton. Pendleton, Puce, Alexander H. Rice, Rich-
ardson, Robmson, Sheffield, ShieJ, Sinttli, John B. Steele,
William G Steeie, Stile?, Benjamin F. Thomas, Fiancis
Thomas, Tram, Vallandigham, Voothe>'S, Wall. Chiltoii
A. White, Wickliffe, WoodrutT, and Yeaman—47.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. OLIN. 1 rise to make a suggestion to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and" also to ths
House.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. OLIN. I ask the indulgence of the House,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asks the
unanimous consent of the House to make remarks.
Is there any objection r The Chair hears none.
Mr. OLIN. I understood the gentleman from
Pennsylvania had proposed that this bill should
be made the special oracrforThuisday next, and
that objection was made upon the other side of the
House to that proposition. I am surprised that
anybody should take occasion to make an objec-
tion of tgjiat kind when the bill was properly be-
fore the House, and an opportunity was offered
for its free and patient consideration.
I sought the floor to suggest to my friend from
Pennsylvania, as there are no special orders that
would take precedence of this, that he defer con-
sideration of this bill until Thursday of the pres-
ent week; and I hope the House will unanimously
consent to the proposition, so that the bill may be
examined v/i«h that care and with that wisdom
which I think this House can bring to the consid-
eration of a measure of this character. It is a
measure of grave importance, and one in regard
to which we are all aware there is a diversity of
opinion. In my judgment, sir—which may not
be worth much—the bill is unnecessary. 1 hold
that the President had the authority by law, and
