1863.
% THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. President, it is important, as this is a mili-
tary road, that the Government should be able, at
any time, to order a large amount of rolling stock
to the road beyond that which will be necessary
for ordinary purposes. If the gauge shall be tnadu
to conform to a majority of the roads that can
connect directly and indirectly with it, they will
be able at any time to order ten, fifteen, ortwenty
thousand cars from the roads on this side of the
Missouri river, to the main track on the other
side, and any number of engines that may be
necessary lo drive this amount of rolling stock.
Unless this is done, a great amount of rolling
stock will have to be constructed expressly for
this road As I understand, it will conform in its
gauge only to a very few hundred mites of roads
in the whole country at the gauge now contem-
plated—five feet. There is no road in the north-
west that will be able to connect with it.
I might suggest to those that represent the dis-
tricts of country having machinists and manufac-
turers of railroad stork that unless this track is
made to conform to the gauge of railroads between
these machine shops and the road to be built every
car and engine will have to be transported as
freight, if the gauge is made to conform, they
can be run down on the tracks of the roads already
completed and cross over to this track fur the use
of the road It is so very obvious, it seems to
me, that it ought to be made to conform to the
roads that have already been built that it hardly
needs an argument. I will merely repeat that
there are now roads built in the States that will
connect with this road directly and indirectly over
twenty thousand miles in length, that have cost
the country over eight hundred and forty-nine
million dollars, and there aie now less than twelve
hundred miles of railroads in the whole country
of a different gauge.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 shall offer no particular
opposition to this bill; but I wish to say that I
suppose nothing is better established in point of
fact than that the original gauge of four feet eight
and a half inches is very much too narrow for the
purposes of railroads. All the railroads in England
were originally built upon that gauge. Many of
them have been since taken up and the gauge
changed. The gauge of the piincipal railroad is
now seven feet, and it has been so for many
years. It was found on examination there that
there were great disadvantages in the narrow
gauge on account of the weight that was thrown
on the s'de of the track and the cars. In these
very narrow gauges the speed is necessarily very
much lees, and the capacity of the road is much
less, and they are also much less safe. Those
facts are very well established. I suppose there
is no dou Dt about them at all. The reason why so
many of them have been built upon the original
gauge of four feet eight and a half inches was
simply for the reason given by the Senator now,
that they began so, and the argument was that
we must continue it, and so it went on with the
idea of connections, and beginning badly it was
thought necessary to continue badly. There is
the simple fact about it; and it is true unquestion-
ably. I have talked with a great many railroad
men in late years who concede the fact to be so.
Now, whether it is expedient for the gauge on
this road to be four feet eight and a half inches is
a question not for me to settle. I have no doubt
that if you make a wider gauge, say five feet six
inches or six feet, the road would have much
greater capacity, would be much safer, capable of
freater speed, and more woik. But, sir, it may
e advisable for the reason that the Senator states
to continue the gauge as it now is. The idea that
the same cars will be run over this immense length
of road and from one end of the country to another
is not a very piobableone. There must he changes.
You never would make up a cargo that would go
fiom the eastern section, for instance, New York,
to California on the same cars. There are con-
tinual changes as they are made up. There is
one point of view suggested to me in conversation
by my friend in front of me, [Mr. Grimes,] in
which the narrow gauge may be important, and i
that is, in a great emergency, if you wanted a j
quantity of rolling stock, larger than was pos- j
sessed by the road, to carry troops in ense of war, I
it could be borrowed from your neighbors. I can J
conceive of no other reason in the woild why it :
should be so fixed. >
It strikes me the argument is this: probably !
gentlemen who control the roads in these differ-
ent States and are connected with them expect to
denve a very great advantage to those roads from
a connection with the Pacific railroad, from the use
of their stocl? m connection with this road. Those
owning roads and running roads in the States im-
mediately bordering on the line of this road may
find it important, undoubtedly, to fix this gauge
to suit those roads. The only question is, whether
the fact that these railroad gentlemen who control
this thing can or cannot make any money out of
it, is of sufficient importance to control the inter-
ests of the country with regard to establishing for
this road of two thousand miles that will effect
the great purposes of thu country; and that is for
Senators to settle. I have no idea, when we are
to build a road of this consequence, of this length,
to do the immense business which it is supposed
this road will do, and to render the service it ought
to render to the country after it is built, that it
would be wise in us, simply for the purpose of
benefiting the roads which are to connect in the
States along the line, to establish the gauge at
four feet eight and a half inches, which is univer-
sally conceded to have been from the beginning
wrong, and only continued from the fact that it
was begun and people did not like to go to the ex-
pense of changing it. My own view would be
that it "would be much safer and much better for
the interest of the country, the interest of the Uni-
ted States, who have invested so largely in this
road, to establish a different gauge. I care noth-
ing about the question, however.
Mr. HARRIS. The Senator from Maine prob-
ably has not considered the fact that the change
here is only three and a half inches. It is a
narrow gauge as it is now established. I have
no doubt that at the beginning—the first estab-
lishment of railroads—it was accidental that the
gauge was made four feet eight and a half inches.
If it had been considered, perhaps a more con-
venient width would have been adopted; perhaps
five feet would have been quite as well. I think
it would have been better. But four feet eight and
a half inches has now come to be the estab-
lished gauge of railroads. It has happened that,
without much consideration, the gauge of this Pa-
cific railroad has been adopted at five feet. It is
a narrow gauge still. It is only three and a half
inches wider than the ordinary gauge of railroads
in this -country.
I do not agree at all with the Senator from Maine
as to the economy of adopting a different gauge.
We have had m the State of New York a little
experience on this subject. All the railroads in
the State of New York, except the Erie railroad,
have the four feet eight and a half inch gauge; and
those roads for the most part are profitable. The
Erie railroad has proved to be very much of a
failure; and I can say fn the Senator from Maine
that men of experience, men of judgment, men of
capital engaged in the management of that rail-
road , are now seriously considering whether they
will not incur the expense of taking up their rails
and adopting the narrow gauge for the sake of
economy.
Mr.COLLAMER. What is their gauge?
Mr. HARRIS. Six feet. They havo the wide
gauge. Tiu,y ate running a road with a six feet
gauge, and yet they can make no money by it,
whereas they think if they had the narrow gauge
they could succced, and they are seriously con-
templating the taking up of the track of that road
and laying it upon the narrow gauge.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, at the last
session of Congress, for the purpose of avoiding
controversies which it was known must arise in
this body and in the House of Representatives,
for the purpose of avoiding this very discussion,
upon full consideration, the committee referred \
tiie question of gouge to the President, that he j
might, upon fulllndvice, determine what was the |
best irauge to be adopted for the line of the road. |
The puipose of the committee was to avoid this 1
discussion, to leave to the President the determ- j
marion of a question of engineering skill, in- j
volving careful consideration outside of interests |
as they might be presented here by outside mfiu- ,
ence;:. It was known then that if the question of ,
gauge was laised in Congress, there would be as •
many opinions on the subject as there have been |
heretofore in England and in this country. The j
dispute as to the wide and narrow gauge has en- [
gageed men of acknowledged engineering scicnce in .
England and this country for years. It was the
subject of a commission from the British Parlia-
ment. It was debated at great length in that coun-
try. It was afterwards .taken up in this-country'
i and discussed with differing opinions from the^six
feet, and even the seven feet-gauge, down to the
, gauge of four feet eight and a half inches, which
is the minimum. Probably the greatest discus-
sion had in this country was with regard to the
i Canada Grand Trunk road; and after fullJ consid-
eration they adopted the five feet six inch gauge,
if this question which is now presented to us
should bo referred to a commission of engineer's^
the number of the commission would denote the
number of the differences of opinion.
Aware of this, as 1 before remarked, the com-
mittee referred this question to the President) that
he might, upon full advice, settle the question.
Acting through the Secretary of the Interior, he
sought information with regard to the best gauge
for the road. When the question came to be de-
termined, the President said—and 1 am a witness
to his observation—that if he could learn, if he
could be advised what would be the best gauge
for this great line of road, he wouldadoptit. That
was the position assumed by him; and it was dis-
cussed in full Cabinet meeting, the President, the
Secretaries, and the Attorney General being pres-
ent. There were presented before the Caoinet
meeting the returns to the questions asked by the
Secretary of the Interior of railroad men and also
engineers of approved ability. Upon full consid-
eration the gauge was fixed at five feet.
It was important that it should be fixed, for this
reason: we were required to commence the road on
the Pacific side, and construct our line through the
State of California and across the Sierra Nevada,
rising to the elevation of seven thousand feet,
within a limited time. The company to whom
had been committed the work on that side of the
continent had laid off their line of road, com-
menced their grading, were here, and had made
their contracts for their iron and the rolling stock;
and it was necessary that they should be advised
by the Government whatgaugo would be adopted.
It was a matter of the first importance to the peo-
ple on this side, in Kansas, and on our side, in
California, that they might be advised on that
subject, as it was very difficult at the best to se-
cure contracts for the construction of the rolling
stock, to be constructed and ready for the road at
the time specified in the contract with the Govern-
ment. At the urgent solicitation of the parties
who were about to build the road, who had their
money invested, who had their laborers on the line
of the road, who had their agents in New York
trying to obtain rolling stock, the Government
fixed the gauge at five feet. Contracts have been
made in various establishments of this country
for the rolling stock of a portion of the road, and
particularly for the portion in California, the heav-
iest part of the line; for there is no such obstacle
to be overcome along the whole line as the Sierra
Nevada; and already there has been shipped to
California the rolling stock of the road for a five
feet gauge.
The State of California, and the persons con-
cerned in the road there, favored the five feet gauge
for this reason: in the first place, by the law of
that State, all railroads which are incorporated
under a general law must have a gauge of five
feet. That gauge was adopted after the English
and American discussions with regard to gauges,
and was regarded as the best. Our roads in Cali-
fornia have been constructed at the five feet gauge,
all communicating with this line. That is the
reason why we have some interest in the mat-
ter.
But, as I remarked, the President took what he
regarded us the best gauge for this long line of
national road. I have consulted with the best
recognized engineers of the United States, and the
general opinion tends to this conclusion as to the
extent of gauge, about five feet three inches, a
medium gauge, as the best gauge for a road like
this. I am inclined to think that that wouid have
been the best gauge that could have been fixed
for this line of road.
It is said, as against this, that there is an ex- .
tensive system of road with a gauge of four feet
eight and a half inches. Weil,sir, there are also
roads connecting with this line having gauges of
five feet six inches. I think the gauge of the Mis-
souri Pacific road is five feet six inches
