1862.
THE COHGK1SSIOJSTAL GLGB&
m
was the proper tribunal, to exorcise all the pow-
ers that he has exercised in suspending the writ
of habeas corpus; nevertheless i concur with my
friend from Pennsylvania that a bill of this char-
acter is proper under the circumstances. But,
while I thus concur with him, I would regret
above all things to see a measure of this kind
thrust through the House without a moment's
consideration,and probably without ten members
of the House knowing: the legal effect of the pro-
visions of the bill. This mode of legislation is
discreditable to the country and discreditable to
this House, and I should feel ashamed to return
to any sensible constituency and say that the Con-
gress of the United States would have a bill of the
gravest importance thrust before it, with no word
of explanation, no word of dissent heard in refer-
ence to it, and the House called upon, on a mere
casual reading of the bill, to vote yea or nay with-
out any possible opportunity of becoming familiar
with the provisions of the bill. I hope, for the
credit of tl)e House and the credit of the country,
that a bill of this character and importance will
be properly considered. I am willing to meet the
question at any time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to correct
the statement made by the gentleman from New
York. There was no objection made to the post-
ponement of the bill on this side of the House, but
only to making it a special order.
Mr. OLIN. I did not state that there was. 1
only stated that objection was made to the bill
being made a special order.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask consent of the House to
say a word.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
asks unanimous consent of the House to make
remarks. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from New
York thinks that to pass this biM promptly to-day
would be discreditable to the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to this.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the objec-
tion comes coo late. The Chair asked if there was
any objection, and the Chair heard none.
Mr. COLFAX. I differ with the gentleman
from New York m regaid to this matter, in toto.
The proffer was made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to gentlemen on the other side of the
House to postpone the bill, and make ita special
order. They rejected it, as they had arighttodo.
Then the question comes up whether the bill shall
lose its place by not being made a special order, or
should be passed at once. 1 think a majority of
the House are prepared to pass the bill now. In-
stead of being anything discreditable, I think it
would be highly creditable to the House to pass
the bill at this early stage of the session. We all
understand the whole question. It has been dis-
cussed all over the land whether the President
should have authorized the suspension of the
habeas corpus as to persons charged with treason,
or with sympathizing with it during this rebellion
oi not. All that has been done has been done by
his_ authority communicated to hisSecretaries and
through them to others. I stand ready to pass a
bill indemnifying him. I took the responsibility
before my constituents of indorsing his action
throughout as a whole, intended as it was to save
the Republic, and to cripple (he power of its ene-
mies. Wo have either to vindicate him as now
proposed, or leave him to be persecuted as soon as
he retires from office by those whom he arrested.
I rejoice that I have this opportunity of voting for
this bill, and I hope it will pass at once.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to any fur-
ther debate.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I believe I have a right to oc-
cupy the time of the House for a few moments
after the previous question has been sustained.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I think the gentle-
man is laboring under a mistake. This bill was
not reported from a committee.
Mr. STEVENS. Have I not a right to debate it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question in a moment. The Clerk will read the
63d rule.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" 03. No member shall speak more than once to the same
question without leave or' tlie Iloutse—unless he be the
movet, proposer, Of introducer of the matter pending; in
which ea^c lie shall be permitted to speak in reply, but not
Until every member choosing to speak shall have spoken."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. There is another
rule upon this subject. I call'for the reading of
the rule relating to the previous question.
The SPEAKER. What rule does the gentle-
man desire to have read?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The rule relating
to bills and measures reported from committees.
That is the only case in which, after the previous
question has been sustained, a member has a right
to be heard. It is the 60th rule. Iaskthatitbe
read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"GO. No member shall occupy more than onfs hour in
debate on any question m tSie House or in committee; but
a member repoiung Uie measure under consideration from
a committee, may open and close tho debate: Provided,
That where debate is closed hyord^r of the flouce, any
member shall be allowed, in committee, five minutes to
explain anv amendtJient lie may offer."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again have
the G3<J rule read in connection with that. These
are the only two rules that he finds appertaining
to the subject.
The Clerk a^ain read the 63d rule.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I now ask for the
reading of the 132d rule.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" 1 &2. The previous question be In this form: * Shall
the mam question oe now put?' Itshalionly be admitted
.when demanded by a majority of the membeis pte^ent;
and its effects .shall be to put an end to all debate, and to
bring the House to a direct vote upon a motion to commit,
if Mich motion shall have been made ; and n' tins motion
does not prevail, then upon amendments rejibrtod by a com-
mitter, u any, then upon pending amendment?, and then
upon the mam question. Cut its only effect, if a motion
to postpone is pendi 2« shall r>e to iirinu' the House to a vote
Upon such motion. Whenever the Ilnu-e shall refuse to
order the main question, the consideration of the -ubject
shall be resumed as tiiougSi no motion for the previous
•t question had h'-en made. The House may al*o, at any
ij lime, on motion seconded by a uiaiorny of the members
I} present, clu->e ai! debate upon a penning amendment, or an
! j amendment tuereto, and cause the question to be put there-
[! on ; and tins * ha!l not preclude any fin iher amendment or
debate upon the bill, A call of the Hou-e shall not be in
O'-dtr alter tile previous question is seconded, unless it shall
appear, upon an actual count by the Speaker, that no quo-
rum is pre.-ent."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Now reat! the first
clause of the 133d rule.
The Cierk read, as follows:
" 133. On a previous question there shall be no debate.**
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see how
the previous question could affect this question,
for the reason that when the previous question is
sustained in the case of a report from a committee,
the mover or introducer has always been allowed
to speak. The sustaining of the previous ques-
tion does not cut off the light of the person en-
titled to close the debate. The only question in
this case is whether the introducer of tt proposi-
tion like this is entitled to close the debate.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the Chair al-
low mc to call his attention to the 60th rule, which
confines the privilege to the member reporting the
measure under consideration?
The SPEAKER. The 63d rule must be taken
in connection with that.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The Chair will
allow me a single word. I choose to speak be-
fore the gentlem.m from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done after
the previous question has been sustained.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then by what au-
thority does the gentleman himself speak?
The SPEAKER. The previous question cuts
off all debate, except by the mover of the propo-
sition. The only question is whether the gentle-
man moving in this matter is entitled to close the
debate.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Can the Chair
point to any rule that gives the gentleman thepriv-
ilege, unless he reports the measure?
The SPEAKER. None, unless it is in the 63d
rule.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. IdonWeit. [Laugh-
ter.] I submit that the 63d rule applies only wheie
debate has not been closed by the pre viousquestion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that the
precedents are all against the allowing of debate
after the previous question on a proposition of this
kind. TheChair,on comparing all these rules, is
inclined to decide that the introducer of a bill is not
entitled to debate it after the mam question is or-
dered. Otherwise a gentleman introducinga reso-
lution would be entitled to discuss it after the main
question is ordered.
Mr.STEVENS. Then Iaskleaveof theHouse
to address it for three minutes.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speai&r, tOb-
ject most decidedly, tinlees the same privilege-be
extended to this side. ' . 1 '
Mr. HOLM AN. As there has been iioop'ppr-
tunity given for debate I move that the bill Be Mti
upon the table. '
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM I call for the read-
ing of the bill.
The bill was read. It recifes that since the 4th
of March, 1861, the United States have been in an
insurrectionary and rebellious condition; "that the
public safety has required the suspension of the
privilege of tho writ of habeas corpus; that during
that time the privilege of said writ has been sev-
eral times suspended by the President of the Uni-
ted Suites, and that several arrests and imprison-
ments iiave taken place under and in consequence
thereof, and that there is not entire unanimity of
opinion as to which branch of the Government
possesses the constitutional power to declare such
suspension. It therefore enacts that all such sus-
pensions, arrests, and imprisonments, by whom-
soever made or caused to be made under the au-
thority of the President, shall be confirmed uiid
made valid, and it indemnifies and discharges in
respect thereof the President, Secretaries, heads
of Departments, and all persons who have been
concerned in making such arrests, or in doing or
advising any such acts, and makes void ail indict-
ments, informations, actions, suits, prosecutions,
and proceedings whatsoever, commenced or to be
commenced against the President, or any of the
persons aforesaid, in relation to the acts and mat-
ters aforesaid, or any of them.
The second section invests the President, dar-
ing the existence of this rebellion, with authority
to declare the suspension of the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus, at such times and in such
places and with regard to such persons as, in his
judgment, the public safety may require.
The question being on ordering the hill to bo
laid on the table,
Mr. COX callcd for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 45, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Calvert,
Clements. Cobb, Comvay. Cox, Cravens. Ciisfield, Critten-
den, Dumap, Fouke, Grander. Grider, Hail, Hard-
ing, Hulman, Johnson, K'tapp, Law, Lazcar, Mallory,
Morns, Not)!'*. Norton, Pendleton, Price, Rich-
ardson, Robinson, 8h< tfieid, Shi"). .Smith, John B. Steele,
William (J. Steele, Rules, Jienjanim F. Thomas. YaOan-
d:cbam, Voorh«'>5. t.'hdton A VVIuU', YV'ickhfFe, YVoodruff,
Wr.jjht, and Yenmaii—45.
NAYS—Me&si;*. Alh-v, Arnold, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Bingham. Jacob B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
William G. Brown, BuiUnton, Burnham, Campbell, Oa&ey,
Chamberlain, Clark. Col.'ax, Frederick A. Conkiuig, Roseoa
Couknns, Cutler, Davis?. Delano, ihmn, Edgerton, Cd-
waids, Eliot. f'Vnton, Samuel C. Fe^enden, Thomas A.
D. Fo^enden, Fi-fier, Franchoi, Finnic. Ooodwhi, Gurley,
Hale, Harrison, Hickman, IJoopei. fiwrton, flutehms, Ju-
lian. Kehey, Laa&uig, Looum, Lowjoj, Low, McKaighi,
Moorisend, Anson 1'. Morrill, Justin t4. Morrill, Nixou,
Noel). Ohn. Patton, Pike, Pouvroy. Poitei, Potter, Alex-
ander II. Rice. John II. Rice, Kiddie, Fdwatd U. iiollins,
Sargrnt, Sedgwick, S«.*gar. Shanks. Shehabarser, Sherman,
Sloan, SpaLihiifig, Sfven-', Strauou, Tiain. Tnii^le, Tiow-
bridge. Van Horn, Walker, Wall, Wallace. Walton, Wash-
burne,' Wheeler, Whaley, Albert S. White, Wii&dn, Wia-
dom, and Worcester—68.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. ELY, not being within the bar when his
name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accotd-
ingly read therfhird time.
MESSAGE FROM. THE SEXATE.
A message from thp Senate by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, informed the House thatthe Senate had
passed, without amendment, House bill -jSTo, 5S-1 
concerning judgments in certain suits brought by
the United States.
BILL OF INDEMNITY—AGAIN.
Mr. S TEVENS. The ^previous question, i
suppose, has exhausted itself.
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish, then, to say a single
word only. I am not going: to discuss this bill,
because that, perhaps, would not be fa r. It was
not my intention to ask to have this bill put upon
its passage to-day; but I desired thatit should be
passed, so that it should not fail at this session
of Congress. Hence it was that I asked it to be
postponed until next Thursday, atid to hfcve ft
