1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the collection districts of the city of New York,
which was postponed from last session until this
day.
REPORT Of THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the folio wing resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the annual
report of the Secretary of the Treasury on tip state of the
finances be printed for the use of the present House.
INTERNAL REVENUE ACT.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I rise to ask the consent
of the House to introduce a resolution of inquiry
directed to the Committee of Ways and Means.
It refers to a matter which I deem important to
my constituents as well as to the people in other
States.
The resolution was read for infoimation, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of amending so much
of the act of last session, to provide internal revenue for the
support of the Government and pay the interest on the public
debt, as requires themanufactuiers of spirits, beer, and por-
ter, to report on the 1st, 10th, and 20th days of each month
the quantity of spirits, beer, or portei, distilled, &c. Also,
the propriety of repealing so much of said act as requires a
report of the quantity of grain, or other material 01 vegetable
productions putinto theinash-tub, and thatamemoiandum
ofthesame shall be kept; that reports of the quantity made
shall be required at the end of each month.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. With the consent of the
House, I will explain the object of the resolu-
tion.
The section of the bill to which that resolution
refers, requires a distiller of whisky, beer, or
porter, to make a report three times a month,
while his license is in existence, of the quantity of
spirits distilled, or beer made since his last re-
port, whether he has made any or not, He is
required, also, to exhibit, three times a month, a
record of the quantity of corn and material which
he has consumed in the mash-tub. The President
has given Kentucky only four districts, while he
has given to everyother State the number of dis-
tricts contemplated bytho bill. The consequcnce
is that many of the manufacturers of my district
will have to travel three times a month three hun-
dred miles to get to the collector at Louisville,
and that, too, whether they have made a quart oi
whisky or not. What is the object of that? The
manufacturer does not pay the tax until he has
sold the whisky, or sent it from home for sale.
Will not a monthly report answer the purpose?
Again, you require a distiller to report the num-
ber of bushels of grain he has put into the mash-
tub. For what purpose ? I suppose it was done
by those more familiar with the operations of the
custom-house than I am, to provide a check and
to detect men who make a false return of the quan-
tity of materials used. Take two neighboring
distillers: one uses yellow corn, and the other
white. One kind will produce halfagallon of whis-
ky to the bushel more than the other. One of them,
also, may be a good distiller, while the other is a
bad one. Both may consume a thousand bushels
ofcorn each, while one makes five hundred gallons
of whisky more than the other; and the man who
is a bad distiller is reported as having been guilty
of fraud, and is brought before the courts for
making a false report.
It is to get clear of that evil that I think this
change ought to be made. I make this explanation,
and I hope the Committee of Ways and Means
will give it a serious consideration.
No objection being made, the resolution was
received and adopted.
COLLECTION OF REVENUE—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Sheffield] is now entitled to the
floor upon bill No. 136, postponed until to-day.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. By request of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, I move that the considera-
tion of this bill be postponed until the first Mon-
day of January.
The motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENTS TO REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to introduce a
bill relative to some amendments to the revenue
laws. It is very important that the bill should be
passed at once. I ao not think there will be any
objection to it.
PJo objection being made, the bill was intro-
duced, and read a first and second time by its title,
as follows:
A bill to amend an act entitled " An act to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government,
and to pay interest on the publicdebfe," approved
July 1, 1862.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that this is a
very important bill, upon which it is very desir-
able that we should have information before acting
upon it.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to say a word in
explanation of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman will
not attempt to put the bill upon its passage to-day.
I suggest that the bill be printed. I have no ob-
jection to making it a special order the earliest
moment after it is printed. We want more in-
formation than wo now posscss-upon the subject.
I hope the gentleman will postpone the consider-
ation of the bill until day after to-morrow, and
make it a special order for that time. In the mean
time the bill can be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. The suggestions of the gen-
tleman are certainly very reasonable. The bill
ought to be passed to-day, and the reason why I
desire it is that a steamer leaves for California in
a few days. They have no stamps in California;
but if this bill is passed immediately stamps may
be sent out by that steamer. Otherwise the Gov-
ernment is compelled to wait until the departure
of the succeeding steamer. I will move that the
consideration of the bill be postponed until to-
morrow at one o'clock, and that it be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the bill fan be printed by
that time I have no objection.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VALLANDIGH AM called for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. Resolutions are in order
from the State of Pennsylvania.
SUPPRESSION OF THE REBELLION,
Mr. HICKMAN offered the following'bill:
"A bill for the suppression of rebellion, treason,
and insurrection,and for otherpurposes;" which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Afrairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COX. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. COX. I withdraw it.
NEW STATE OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to present the petition
of some five thousand inhabitants of Western
Virginia, asking this House to pass the Senate
bill in relation to the new State of Virginia.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must file his
memorial under the rule.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I desire to present
to the House twenty-three petitions, signed in
the aggregate by six thousand nine hundred and
sixty-two of the loyal people of Northwestern
Virginia praying the House of Representatives
" to concur in the bill passed by the Senate of the i
United States, at its last session, giving its consent
to the erection and admission into the Union of
the new State of West Virginia, with the condi-
tions and provisions therein contained, at theear-
liest possible moment of thf> present session."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will file his
petitions under the rule.
REVENUE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to piovide revenue for the support of
the Government; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
THE REBELLION.
Mr. WRIGHT, under the call of States, intro-
duced the following resolution:
Resolved by the House of Representatives of the United
Statcsin Congress assembled: 3. That the rebellion; on the
pait of the seceding States, against the Government and
Jaws of this Union, was deliberately wicked, and without
reasonable cause; the euuiyaetof Union being perpetual,
no State has the constitutional power to forcibly secede, and
that there was no grievance, real or imaginary, upon the part
of the seceding States, tor the ledress ot which the Consti-
tution does not furnish ample remedies.
2. That the rebellion being in contravention of the Con-
stitution and laws, it is the duty of (he Government to put
it down, without regard to cost, or the consequences that
may befall those engaged in it, a#d all necessary cwfstSlti-.
tional means for this purpose, and this alone, should be fur-;
nished by the people. That^inasmuch as .the, great and
wicked crime invoked the power of the sword, the
should be prosecuted with all the vigor and strength land
means of the Federal Government till rebellion foe sub'-3
dued, and no longer. ' s-
3. That an honorable peace is desirable; but no peace
while armed opposition menaces the capital, and threatens
the overthrow of the Union; nor that peace which would
be established upon the dismembered fragments of a iflighty
and prosperous nation; and that man who would ejiteraun-
peace upon these conditions is atraitorto his country,and
unworthy the protection of its laws.
4. That the war was inaugurated solely for the suppres-
sion ot the rebellion and the iestoration of theUniort as it
was; that any and all attempts to change or divert this
line of policy is a fraud upon the nation, a fraud upon the
memory of the gallant men who have sacrificed their lives,
and a fraud upon the living soldiers who now stand up as a
wall between their loved country and its wicked Invaders.
5. That the value of dollars and cents does not enter into
the momentous question of the maintenance of popular lib-
erty, or the pieservation of a free Government, anymore
than the lives and comfort of the traitors who have con-
spired or leagued together for their destruction.
6. That the Union restored the war should ccase,andthe
seceding States bo received back into the Union with all
the privileges and immunities to which they^were origin-
ally entitled.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move that the resolution
be printed, and assigned for consideration to-mor-
row week, the day when the resolutions of my
colleague [Mr. Stevens] are to come up.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman has aright to make the motion to postpone.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to refer the resolu-
tion to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion ie not in order
while a motion to postpone is pending.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I move to lay the res-
olution on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not know that I under-
stand the object of this resolution.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to debate,
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, I insist on my motion.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 44, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldricb, Alley, Baxter, Beaman, Bing-
ham, Samuel S. Blair, ttutfinton, Chamberlain, Frederick
A. Conklmg, Cutler, Davis, Dowes, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely,
Samuel C. Fessenden, Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Gooch,
Good win, Gurley, Hooper, Horton, Hutcluns, Julian,Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, Lovcjoy, An&on P. Morrill, Justin S. Mor-
rill, Pilce, Pomeioy, Potter, John H. Rice. Sargent, Sedg-
wick, Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens,Train, Van Horn,Walker,
Wall', Albert S. White, Wilson, and Windom—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Babbitt, Baily, Jacob B. Blair,
Blalce, William G. Brown, Buinham, Campbell', Clark,
Clements, Cobb, Conway, Cox, Cravens, CrisfieJd, Crit-
tenden, Duell, Dunldp, Dunn, Edwards, English, Frank,
Granger, Grider, Hale, Hall, Harding, Holman, Johnson,
Wi'Uam Kellogg, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Loomis, Low,
McKnight, Mallory, Menzles, Moorhead, Morris, Nixon,
Noble, Olm, Patton, Pendleton, Price, Alexander II. Rice,
Edward II. Rollins, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sherman,
Smith, John B. Steele, WTilliam G. Steele, Stiles, Stratton,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Fiancis Thomas., Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Wallace, Wasbburne, Whaley, Chilton A. White,
Wickliffe, Woodruff, Worcester., Wright, and Yeaman—
69.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
The consideration of the resolution was then
postponed until Tuesday of next week, and it was
ordered to be printed.
ADVERTISEMENT DUTY.
Mr. McKNIGHT submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
&t  acted to inquire into the expediency of repealing section
eighty-eight of the excise law of the last session, which
imposes a tax on advenisemcnts.
STAMPS ON RESOLUTIONS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. MORRIS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to
amidst much laughter:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of so amending the law
'•for the collection of internal revenue" as to provide that
no resolution shall be offered for the consideration of either
House of Congress unless there be attached to said resolu-
tion a ten cent stamp for each resolution so offered for con-
sideration.
ABDUCTION OF NEGROES, ETC.
Mr. WICKLIFFE, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill to protect and grant relief
to the citizens of loyal States whose property and
slaves have been wrongfully taken, seduced, and
