962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 14,18G3.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ARRIVALS FROM FOREIGN COUNTRIES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, transmit-
ting a statement of the passengers arriving in the
United States from foreign countries for the year
ending December 31,1862; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
DUTY ON PAVEli.
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted resolutions of the Legislature of Penn-
sylvania in favor of the repeal of all laws impos-
ing a duty on paper; which were laid on the table,
aad ordered to be printed.
JENNINGS PIGOOTT.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I desire to make a report from the Committee
of Elections relative to the rights of certain indi-
viduals in this House.
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered upon ordering a bill to be engrossed and
read a third time. The gentleman can therefore
make his report onlv by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAwES. I ask unanimous consent.
There being; no objection,
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elections,
to whom was referred the credentials of Jennings
Piggott, claiming to have been clectud a Repre-
sentative to this House from the second congres-
sional district of North Carolina, with the pro-
test of Chtu-les Henry Foster against the right of
said Piggott to a seat by virtue of any such alleged
election, submitter} a report thereon, accompanied
by the following resolution:
Rcsoh&l, That Jennings Piggott is not entitled to a scat
In this House from the second congressional district of North
Carolina.
The resolution and report were laid on the table
and ordered to be printed.
FRAUDS UPON T1113 KKYENUK.
Mr. DAWES. There is a bill upon the Speak-
er's table, from the Senate, relative to frauds upon
the revenue. It is an important bill. It haa been
carefully drawn, and 1 hope it will be taken up
and put on its passage.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I was seeking the floor in
reference to that bill. I desire that it may be taken
up, but not put on its passage, for it requires
amendment. I ask that it may be taken up and
referred.
There being no objection,
A bill (S. No. 5Ut>) to prevent and punish frauds
upon the revenue, to provide for the more certain
and speedy collection of claims in favor of the
United States, and for other purposes, was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
WESTERN NAVY-YARD.
Mr. MOORHEAD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, by unanimous consent reported a
bill to establish a navy-yard on the western waters;
which was reud«a fust and second time.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask that the bill may be
put on its passage.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Then let it be referred.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
O. B. AND 0. S. LATHAM.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the consideration of the bill (II. R.
C, C. No. Ill) for the relief of 0. H. & Oliver S.
Latham, yesterday reported from the Committee
of the Whole House with the folio wingomendmcn t:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill, ami
insert as follows:
That the Bectemry of the Trea>ur> be ami hereby is au-
thorized and required to piy to Ob.idiah B. Latham and
Oliver 3. Latham, out of moneys heretofore appropriated
and remaining unexpended tor the erection and enlarge-
ment ot the custom-houses at Buffalo and Oawego, in the
State of New York, the bum of §100,208 59. in full of their
claim for moneys due them for the erection and enlarge-
ment of said buildings', and of all claims of whatever nature
theoi for work and materials bestowed on said buildings
and all matter* connected therewith: Provided, That if
tfiere is uot a sufficient amount remaining unexpended as
aforesaid to pay the whole of the said sum, that then the
said Secretary is hereby authorized and required to pay the
balance of said sum out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I rise to a question of
order upon this bill. It was stated yesterday by
the chairman of the Committee of the Whole
House that this bill was objected to in committee,
and not properly reported to the House.
Mr. COX. 1 made that point of order yester-
day, but subsequently withdrew it.
The SPEAKER. The report shows that the
bill was reported to the House.
Mr. WADSWORTH. The chairman of the
committee himself stated that the bill was objected
to and passed over in committee; that it was not
in fact reported to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
fact to be that the record made up in Committee
' and reported to the House shows this*bill to have
been reported. Of course the Speaker could not
know what took place in committee except from
the report of the chairman.
Mr. WADSWORTH. What remedy, then, is
there if the Clerk makes up the record improperly
in committee?
The SPEAKER. The Speaker of the House
has no knowledge of what has taken place in
committee oxcoptfrom the report of the chair-
man, and the record binds his action. That rec-
ord shows this bill to have been reported to the
House for its action.
Mr. WADSWORTH. It is an indisputable
fact that the bill was objected to in committee,
and passed over.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. A
Committee of the Whole is like any other com-
mittee. The House can know nothing of it ex-
cept what is reported.
The bill, as amended, wa« ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed
it wiis accordingly read the third time.
Mr. FENTON demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The ptv\lous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. WADSWORTH called for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WlCl£LlFPE. E ask the chairman of the
committee, who reported this bill, to make a state-
ment of the facts connected with it. I have not
heard a word about it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only be
heard by unanimous consent,
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Aldneh, Ashley, Baker. Baxter, Bea-
nvm, Bingham, Jaenb B. Bkur, Samu«;l S. Blair, Butfinfon,
Campbell, Chamberlain, Clnik, Cobb, IWeoe Conkhng,
Conway. Dawes, hunn, Edneiton, Eliot, English, Fenion,
Samuel C. Fessendpii,Thomas A. 1). Fessendcn, Franchof,
Goodwin, Granari, Hntehins, Julian, Kelley, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Knapp, Lansing, Loveioy, Me-
Kean, Melvmght, MePherson, Marston, Mitchell, Moor-
head, Nixon, Noell, Norton, Nugcn, Ohn, Patton, l ik<>,
J'onieiov, Porter. Pace, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rtee,
Kiddle, Kobin^on, Edwant II. Rollins, Sargent,Sedgwick,
Segar, Shanks, Sheffield, Shh'l, Sloan, Smith, Spauldmg,
John B. Steele, Stovcin, Stmunn, Benjamin F. Thomas,
Train, Tumble, Van Horn, Van Vnlkenburgh, Walker,
VVal'ou, Wheeler, Albeit S. White, \Vihon, Woodruff,
Woice^ter, and Wright—80.
NAYS—M'-ssrs. William Allen, Aneona. Arnold", Bail},
William CJ. Brown, Calveit,Clement**, Fredeuek A.Conk-
Itng, Cox, Cravens, Cutler, Edward-.Gridei,Gurlev, Hall,
Hauling, llnrn^on, Kemgan, Lazear, Menzie*, Justin S.
MoniU. Motrin, Pendleton.Shellabarger, Sherman, Stilen,
Franci-I Thomas, Wads worth, Whaley, Chilton A. White,
and Wickhflt—32.
So the biil was passed.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
FRANCIS DAXNESE.
The SPEAKER stated the business next in
order to be on the engrossment and third reading
of House bill No. 622, for the relief of Francis
Damese, yesterday reported from the Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. COX. I ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
The House divided on ordering the main ques-
tion ; and there were—ayes 15, noes 12; no'quorum
voting.
Mr. SHEFFIELD called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. LOVEXOY. ] hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw his demand for the previous
question.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman desires to discuss
the bill I will withdraw the demand, to enable him
to ask any questions he may desire.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been seconded, and the gentleman cannot with-
draw it.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I desire to inquire how
much money this bill appropriates.
The SPEAKER. About three thousand nine
hundred dollars. *
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask for the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 11, noes 55.
Mr. COX. I call for tellers on ordering the
main question.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Arnold and
Cox were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 66, noes 32.
So the main question was ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. LOVEJOY called for the yeas and nays
on thfc passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 53, nays 43; as follows:
YFjAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, William Allen, Aneona, Ash-
ley, Baxter, William G. Crown, Calvert, Chamberlain,
Colib, Conwav, Cox, Cusfield, Crittenden, Edwaute, Eng-
lish, Fishci, Frunehot, Goodwin, Kelley, William Kellogg,
Kerrigan, Knapp, Loomis, Mallory, Maynard, Nixon, No-
ble, Notton, Nugen, Odell, Timothy G. Phelps, Pomerov,
Pricc, Riddle, ltobinson, Segar, Shiel, Smith, John B.
j; Steele, Stiles Strattori, Fianeis Thomas, Tiain, Van Valk-
enburgh, Venee, Wadsworih. Whaley, Albert S. White,
! | Chilton A. White, Wicklifle, Woodrufl', Wright, and Yea-
I j man—W.
it NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Arnold, Baker, Bingham, Jacob
15. Blair, Buffinton, Campbell, Clark. Colfax, Frederick A.
( Conkhng, Uo- coe Conkling, Cutler,Edgerton, Eliot, Sam-
|j m l c. Fe^enden, Thomas A. 1). Fessenden, Gridei, Har-
ij lison, Ifutchins, Julian, Landing, Lovejoy, Low, MeKean,
1> McKnigiit, McPherson, Mitchell, Mooihead, Patton, Pike,
' Poller, Sargent, Shellabarger, Sherman, Tumhle, Trow-
hridgc, Van Horn, Walker, Walton, Wheeler, Wilton,and
Worcc" tei—4'i.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill and resolution of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 118) to revive an
act to secure to the officers and men actually em-
ployed in the Western department, or depart-
ment of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and pension,
and for other purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 737) to issue an American
register to the steamship Karnak.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
is the call of committees for reports of a private
n^nte, beginning with the Committee on Foreign
Aifairs.
Mr. DAWES. Yesterday it was the under-
standing that a portion of to-day should be de-
voted to the election cases, and I therefore call up
the cases of
JOHN B. McCLOUD AND W. w. WING.
The Clerk read the resolutions reported from
the Committee of Elections, as follows:
Resolved, That J. B. McClondis not entitled to a seat in
this House ns a Bepresentative from the second congres-
sional district in Virginia.
Resolved, That W.'W. Wing is not entitled to a seat in
this House a<? a Representative fiom the second congres-
sional district in Virginia.
Mr. DAWES. I will be brief, Mr. Speaker,
with these cases ofMcCloud and Wing, claiming
to have been elected to this House from the sec-
ond district in Virginia, composed of the counties
of Isle of Wight, Princess Anne,Norfolk county
