THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
abstracted by the officers and soldiers of the Army
of the United States; which was read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to a select committee of five, to be appointed
by the Chair.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
taken on the motion to refer to a standing com-
mittee.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I suppose I can make a
suggestion in regard to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The question of reference is
debatable.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am very sorry that my
friend, if I may so call him, from Illinois, seems
to be opposed to every bill that I offer, especially
if it has anything to do with the negro population
of the country.
This is a bill, intended by its provisions to
gather evidence and to enable the honest, bona fide,
loyal owners of slaves in loyal States, to go to
the Army—for your officers are forbidden by law
voluntarily to deliver up slaves—with a process
issued by a judge of the Supreme Court, or of any
United States Court, demanding that the officers in
command shall allow their negroes to be taken by
the marshal or sheriff before a judicial tribunal,
and if a negro thus taken is proved to be the prop-
erty of the man who makes the application, he is
to be delivered up and sent home, and if proved
not to be the property of the man making the ap-
plication, then the negro is to be returned to the
place whence taken.
Now, sir, what is the condition of this species
of property in the border slave States ? 1 can speak
of my own State. Sir, I suppose there have not
been fewer than five hundred slaves taken from
bom jldc loyal owners in the State of Kentucky
by the army marching through it under General
Buell within the last month or six weeks. There
are colonels now occupying posts in Kentucky,
guarding bridges and railroads and depots, who
are enticing and seducing the negroes of loyal men
to their camps, and who resist'nt the point of the
bayonet the efforts of their owners to regain them.
Sir, [ want a select committee appointed who will
take the trouble to investigate the facts. 1 want
the facts laid before the people of the United States
that they may know that when their Army moves
into a State for its protection they bring with them
from the South worn-out, naked, and ragged ne-
groes whom they leave at Louisville, or wherever
else they can, and some of them have been sold—
yes, sold by your officers. The price of negroes
there is from fifteen to fifty dollars.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I submit that on a question of ref-
erence it is not in order to indulge in'geueral debate
upon the merits of the bill, amUbat the gentleman
must confine himself to the question of reference.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
question of the reference of a bill opens up the
wliui-merits of the bill. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I did not intend to allude j
at all to that preacher and colonel who is in jail i
at Louisville for stealing negroes. I did not in-
tend to say a word about him. i
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not know j
how many preachers are in jail at Louisville, nor |
do I care. If any of the gentleman's spiritual :
advisers have got into jail, I cannot help it. i
[Laughter.] |
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Nor can I. I was about !
to say that when the army under the command j
of General Bufdi returned into Kentucky, they |
brought with them ragged, worn-out negroes, ■
belonging to the South, and that had been cap- !
tured somewhere, or somehow, and they sold •
some of them, to my knowledge. When they <]
went off they left others there, and there are hun- i
dreds of them now held in jail as runaway ne- I
groes. i
I couid detain the House until to-morrow ni"ht i
in giving instances of outrages committed by offi- '
cers, colonels and brigadier generals. Why, sir, i
they came by my house and swept off ten of my j
negjoes. Four of them did not like the company
and ran back next night, and I got two by send- !|
iflg aftei them, but I had like to got my agent i1
sho-t by a brigadier general called Williams,'be- :!
ffiiwc he merely asked permission to walkthrough !'
the lines and see if my servants were there; and
the same thing occurred in other counties. These
are facts that I want to get at, and to show by
them that there is a great necessity for legislation
on this subject. Congress has already legislated
a new article of'war, declaring that the officer
commanding shall not deliver up a negro nor use
his troops for such a purpose.
A Member. That is all right.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. They say that that is all
right. Very well, if the law recognizes it. Many
of these slaves, Mr. Speaker, have been forced
from their homes. Such a case occurred within
thiity miles of my house. When the army 01
Fremont was passing from Frankfort to Mun-
fordsville, some of the troops stopped at the bouse
of a man who was himself from home. He had
three negro men whom they attempted to entice
: away with them. The negroes refused to go, and
the troops tied and whipped them in the presence
of their mistress. Another ease of the same kind
occurred in the same county. A widow lady
owned a negro man who had been for the last
twenty years her only foreman, doing all her trad-
ing. This man, on his way to market with a
wagon load of wheat, met Sill's division on the
highway. They wanted him to take out his horses
and go with them. He refused to do so. They
then took him and beat him to such an extent that
he was not able to labor for nearly a month. 1
could give many other instances of the same kind.
I recollect the case of a negro who left his mis-
tress, a widow, and was attached to the Army.
The second day they loaded him with three knap-
sacks and three rifles. He broke ground and came
home and told his mistress that he would rather
stay with her than be engaged in carrying these
heavy loads.
Now, sir, I want to get at these facts to show
that there has been an active, efficient, and un-
lawful perseverance by the officers of the Army
recently sent through that State to seduce negroes
from their owners, with the view of running
them off some where after they should have served
their time with them. I do not suppose that it is
expected that the President's proclamation is to
apply to Kentucky. It cannot be the will and
wish of the majority in this House that the army
now stationed in Kentucky shail be engaged in
seducing the negroes to run from their masters to
camp, and then refusing to deliver them up. I
have seen a letter written by a gentleman in Ken-
tucky, in which it is stated that there is a corps
at Lexington, which has had no less than seven-
teen writs issued against it, in order to gain pos-
session of slaves in its camp, and the writs will
not be allowed to bo executed. I know that that
is the case in the county where 1 live. A negro
belonging to a neighbor of mine went into "the
camp of a regiment that was guarding a railroad
bridge. His master went after him, but was re-
fused admission, and threatened with death if he
should persist in his attempt. Good God! is
there no remedy for such a stats of things? I
hope the House will refer this bill to a select com-
mittee, as I know that the Judiciary Committee :
will not have time to make the examination. j
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Speaker, 1 take this oc-
casion to say, what is true, that never, to the best !
of my recollection, since I have been a member of i
this House, have I made any objection or any mo- I
tiou from mere personal feeling. I saw the other !
day that a gentleman from the other side mani-
fested some little feeling about my objection to a
proposition of his, as though it were' a personal
matter. I never have allowed myself, as a mem-
ber of this House, to be influenced by personal j
feeling in my action as a legislator, and I do not i
intend to. I desire to say "this in regard to the I
proposition of my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. S
Wickliffe,] "if I may call him so." It is a !
little dangerous for him that I should do so, for j
Governor Letcher once almost lost his election, :
as he told me, from the fact that in a debate on the !
floor of this House I had callcd him "my friend i
from Virginia." If the gentleman from Kentucky !
ever expects to run for Congress again—which !
hope he will not do with success unless he re-
pents of the sin of favoring slavery—he had bet-
ter not have this published in the Globe; and I
will consent, if he desire it, that it shall not be.
It is very true that on this question of slavery 1
certainly am the very antipodes of the gentleman
from Kentucky; but the objection that 1 make
and the motion that I submit are based,as I have
intimated, on grounds of public duty and not of
any personal feeling or personal pique.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the proper committee to
which to refer this question is the Committee on
the Judiciary. 1 am surprised, and must express
my surprise, that while the very life of the nation
is flickering in the socket, the gentleman fiom
Kentucky must be dragging this question of pay-
ing for  egroes before the House. [Laughter.]
I have never hesitated—and shall not now, as the
subject is introduced—to say that my conviction
is that every slave has the right to run away, and
I am glad for every one that escapes. I, for one,
have no purpose whatever of aiding in any legis-
lation that shall allow our officers or soldiers to
engage in the criminal practice of returning a
human being to bondage who has escaped from
under the lash of the despot that owns him. We
have sent soldiers from Illinois and other free
States to protect that gentleman ill his home; and
were it not for tlibsc soldiers there, and for the pro-
tection they afford him, that gentleman would not
be allowed the peaceful possession of his house
and lands.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I beg your pardon, sir.
There is no such danger to me where I live.
A Member, (in his seat.) I guess not. The
rebels will protect him.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, I think it likely that I
am incorrect in that respect.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Who says that the rebel3
will protect me? Whoever says it is a rebel him-
self against the Constitution of his country, a4id
I pronounce him so.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have not been able to hear
the remark of the gentleman from Kentucky. The
point that I was making is this: that it is enough
to lay the free loyal States under contribution to
send soldiers into these slave States to protect
those who are loyal there in their persons and in
their legitimate property, without asking the Army
to protect them in their claim of property in hu-
man beings: and if.these offieers and soldiers are
obeying the law of the land in refusing to return
fugitive slaves, I am rejoiced to hear it. And here
I cannot help calling up that scene, portrayed by
Patrick Henry of the individual, who, amid the
grand acclaim and joy over the results of the Rev-
olution, when the whole nation was rocking with
the great question of human freedom and the es-
tablishment of a free Government here, went all
around crying " beef!" " beef! "and wanting pay
for his steers. Just so, now, while our armies
confront each other almost within hearing of the
capital, and the nation is in a close death-grapple
with this unhallowed rebellion, the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Wtcklifpe] comes here and cries,
"Negro! negro! I want pay for my negroes."
Mr. Speaker, when the time comes, radical as
I am and anti-slavery as I am, believing that this
claim of property in human beings is not only
without foundation but is impious, 1 expect to
vote to pay the loyal slaveholders of any State
I who will emancipate their slaves. That I am
willing to do. But as to voting to raise special
committees to investigate the subject, and to in-
augurate legislation that-shall release the officers
and soldiers of our Army from the obligation of
this article of war, lam opposed to anything that
looks in that direction. On the ground that slaves
are property, what then? Is this kind of property
any more sacred than other kinds of property?
Loyal men suffer everywhere by the war. They
are driven from their lands, their dwellings are
burned, their cattle and horses stolen—which a
negro never can be except when he is enslaved—
and no special committees are asked orappointed
inconsequence. Out when a slave escapes and
regains natural rights of which he never ought to
have been deprived, then slaveholders seem to
expect that Army, Navy, Congress, and Execu-
tive are all to start off in full howl on his track to
reclaim him. Hence I shall insist, without any
feeling of personal animosity, on my motion to
refer to the Judiciary Committee, and on it I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was on Mr. Love-
joy's motion to amend by referring the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion as amended;
and it was agreed to.
