1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
So the bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
ADJUSTMENT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. MENZIES introduced a bill to provide for
ascertaining and adjusting claims against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, arising and result-
ing from the military and naval operations of the
Government in Kentucky, since the 1st day of
September, 1861; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
TIIE PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
Mr. STEVENS. For the purpose of distrib-
uting the President's annual message, I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itselfmto the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Uni«wi.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Before that motion be
put, i move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Stevexs's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes m
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the President's annual message.
Mr. STEVENS submitted the following reso-
lutions.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved. That so much of the annual message of the
Pie^ident of the United States to the two Houses of Con-
gress, at the piesent session, together with theaccompany-
uic documents, as relates to the finances, to the deficiencies
in the icvenues of the Post Office Department, to the re-
ceipts into theTi ca«mry,and pu biic cx pendi litres, the organ-
ization of banking associations, and piovision for a u sulci in
currency, to the piovision of additional levcnue, and the
ways and moans lor supporting and meeting all public lia-
bilities ot the Government, berelerred to the Committee of
Wavs and Means.
Resolt cd, That so much of sold message anil accompany-
ing documents as relates to commerce, be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing document-; as relates to the public domain, be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to the Post Office Department,
be refeired to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to the proposed amendatoiy arti-
cles to the Constitution of the United States, be refeued to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents a« relates to the public expemhtuies. be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Expendituies.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates toasjiiculture c nd the Agiicultural
Bureau, be referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to oui intercomse with the Indian
tribes and to the lemodcling ot the whole inditm sjstem,
be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to the Aimy ot the United States,
and to coast and lake defenses, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to the Navy of the United States,
be refeired to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message as relates to our
foreign affairs, together with the accompanying correspond-
ence in relation theieto, to an appropuation recommended
in behalf of the owners of the Norwegian bark Adnuial P.
Tordenskiold,and to the acquisition of foreign territory, be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affair?.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to the Tciritoues of the United
States, be referied to the Committee on Territories.
Resolved, That so much of t-aid message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to pensions and the Pension Bu-
reau, be referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Resolved, That so much of said mess.me and aeeotnpany-
ing documents a« relates to the e\penditmes 111 connection
with the State Department, be refeued to the Committee
on Expenditures in the State Department.
Resolved, Thatsomuch of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to expenditures in connection
with the Treasury Department, be referred to the Commit-
tee o?i Expenditures in the Treasury Department.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to expendituies m connection
with the War Department, be refeued to the Committee on
Expenditures in the War Department.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to expenditures in connection
with the Navy Department, be referied to the Committee
on Expenditures in the Navy Department.
Resolved, That so murh of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to the expenditures in connec-
tion with the Post Office Department, be ltfened to the
Committee on Expenditures in the Post Office Department.
Resolved, That so much of the President's message and
accompanying documents as relates to the militia, be le-
ferred to the Committee on the Militia.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accompany-
ing documents as relates to the subject ot emancipation
and confiscation, be referred to a special committee of five,
to be appointed by the Speaker; with power to report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the resolu-
tions by adding the following:
Resohed, That so much of said message as relates to the
construction ofa railroad to the Pacific ocean, be referred to
the selecteommitteeheretofore appointed on that subject.
I believe, sir, that that committee has been
revived.
The CHAIRMAN. It was revived by a bill
which was referred to it at this session.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY moved to add the following:
Resolved, That so much of snid message as relates to roads
and canals, be referred to the standing'Coinmitieeou Roads
and Canais.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. F move to amend the reso-
lutions by adding the following:
■Resofi'erfjThat so much ofsaid message a.* relates to a pro-
posed mint and as<uy office m the Territory of Nevada, be
refeired to the standing Committee of Ways and Means.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
submit some remarks on the President's procla-
mation of the 20th of September, but I am not
anxious to do so now.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want to debate the
President's message, and am ready to proceed
now. I undeistand the gentleman from Ohio de-
sires to postpone his remarks till to-morrow.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I will yield the floor pro-
vided it is understood that I am entitled to resume
it at the conclusion of the speech of the gentleman
from Illinois.
There was no objection, and it was agreed to
accordingly.
Mr. RICHARDSONaddressed the committee.
[His remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. HUTCHINS moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Samuel C.
Fessenden* having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore* Mr. Dawes reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the President's
annual message, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
LANXIWA.
Mr. ALDRICII, by unanimous consent, moved
that House bill No. 492, to establish or organize
the Territory of Lanniwa, and for other purposes,
be printed for the use of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. BLAKE, (at half
past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 9, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 3d instant, information in reference
to the alleged sale into slavery of colored freemen
captured by the rebels; which was ordered to lie
on the table and be piinted.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of Lieu-
tenant Robert B. Riell, of the United States Navy,
protesting against the action of the late naval ad-
visory board, and praying for relief therefrom;
which was referred' to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of Commander
Benjamin More Dove, of the United States Navy,
protesting against the action of the late naval ad-
visory boartl, and praying for relief therefrom;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of the city of New York, for the passage of
a general uniform bankrupt law; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, piesented a
petition of citizens of the city of New York, for
the passage of a general uniform bankrupt lawj.
which was ordered to lie on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. ' -*
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the'
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 591) to in-
demnify the President and Other persons for sus-
pending the privilege of the writ of habeas colpitis
and acts done in pursuance thereof; and a biit
(H. R. No. 592) to amend an act entitled "An afct
to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment and to pay interest on the public debt,"
approved July 1, i862.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the message
of the President of the United States, in relation
to the collision between the United States war
steamer San Jacinto and the French brig Jules et
Marie, reported a bill (S. No. 406) for the relief
of the owners of the French brig Jules et Marie;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. No. 108) for increasing the bond of the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing, have instructed
me to report it back with a recommendation that
it pass without amendment. As it is very short,
and I think will meet the approbation of every
Senator, I ask for its present consideration.
The joint resolution is as follows:
Whereas the amount of money which can be advanced
to the Superintendent of the Public Printing nnderexisting
, laws, is not sufficient to enable him to meet the current ex-
I penditures of lus oliicc: Therefore,
j Rcsohed, 4"c., That the said Superintendent be required
I to increase the penalty of his bond to the sum of $-40,000.
| Mr. HALE. Mr. President, let it lie over, if
! you please. I think the phraseology is not proper,
and ought to be amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie over
under the rule, objection to its present considera-
tion being made.
WISCONSIN DISTRICT COURT.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
407) to fix the terms of the circuit court in the
district of Wisconsin; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 move to refer the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and I beg to call
the attention of the honorable chairman of that
j committee to the fact that the times fixed in the
bill have been fixed on consultation with the judge
appointed for our circuit; and that it is desirable
the bill should be taken up at an early day, and
passed, because the term of the court, which will
be changed by the operation of the bill, is that of
January.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
RANK OF MEDICAL OFFICERS.
Mr. HALE, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
408) to abolish the rajik and grade of medical of-
ficers in the. United States service; which was read
a first time by its title.
Mr. HALE. Let the bill be read at length. It
is very short.
The Secretary read the bill. It proposes to
abolish the rank and grade now held by medical
officers in the service of the United States, and to
provide that hereafter no medical officer shall
have or exercise any military authority whatever.
Mr. HALE. 1 wish to say a single word, for
![ the reading of the bill calls attention to the subject,
ji and it proposes a very grave alteration. I think
I; there is no member of the Senate, or of Congress,
who has not had his ears pained with details of
11 gross abuse in the medical department. I do not
j| know from what cause it results; it may be the
• • infirmity of human nature.
j! I am satisfied that there is nothing that comes
under the cognizance of this Government which
!' so much requires the immediate attention of the
ll Government as the condition of the medical staft
ii of the Army. I think, sir. that I shall not be stat-
j| ing too much when I say that a soldier of my own
jj State was literally murdered yesterday by the
gross and palpable and criminal neglect of the sur-
,! geons whose duty it was to see to him. I have
11 conversed with some officers of the Army,of high
