THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
from the farther consideration of the papers in
the case of Le Grand Byington, claiming a seat as
Representative of the second congressional dis-
trict of Iowa. According to the agreement, the
contestant is entitled to be heard.
When this case was before the House on a pre-
vious occasion, Mr. Cot offered the following
resolutions:
Resolved^ That William Vandever was not elected a mem-
ber of the House trom the second congressional district of
jmva.
Resolved, That Le Grand Byington was duly elected a
member of titla House from the second congressional dis-
trict of Iowa.
Mr. BYINGTON, (contestant.) Mr.-Speaker,
for the first time in my life, and certainly with
very great reluctance, I have reduced to form, in
the first instance, what I have proposed to myself
to say in a legislative body. I have thereby im-
paired the force, but reduced the volume of my
utterances; and have sacrificed cogency to space,
for the sole, and f trust laudable purpose, of econ-
omizing the valuable time of the House. As a
necessary preliminary, however, to my intended
remarks, I shall desire to have read the memorial
which was presented in this case, and which is
the foundation of these proceedings. This is also
appropriate, as a means of enabling members the
more readily to judge of the pertinency of svhat
I shall feel called upon to say:
The undersigned, Le Grand Byington, resident of the
State of Iowa, claim* a seat in ymu honorable i>ody as
Representative of the second congressional district of Iowa,
upon the following state of facts, which, if disputed, he
asks the opportunity to establish, namely:
I. That by the "Code of Iowa," enacted in IBM, it was
provided that the cc general election" within said rit.Ue wai
that at which 11 the members of tin; General Assembly are
regulaily chosen." {See. 237, pajre 4-2.)
u. That among other specified otficein, u Representatives
to Congie^a" were to be chosen ni such "general elee
lion" in 1852, and on alternate years thereafter. (.Sec. 24i),
page 44.)
ii That a new constitution having been adopted by said
State, another eieei ion law was enueied thereunder, on the
23d day of March, 1858, by which *• members of the General
Assembly" were to be elected on theorfrf instead of on the
even years', as in 18r>9, I86i, &<■., but in which no mention
is madeot Repiesentatives toCongtc&j. (Revision of i860,
sec. 170, page 79; and repealing tkso much of the Code of
1851 as ruiitlieih with this net.")
4. ThatatlhecloetiOH of 1860, under the last-named act,
Hon. William Vandever wax declaied elected a member uf
your honorable body, for the second Iowa district, and as
such took bin seal at the extra se^nm of July 4, 18G1.
5. That on the 05th day of July, 18G!, aaid Vandever was
commissioned by the Wai Depai ttnent of the Government
of the United Suites, to enlist and organise <i regiment of
infantry soldiers loi active service in the field, and on the
31st day of August, Its61, was swoin into the military ser-
vice of the United States ay colonel of said regiment, for the
term of throe yeuit-, or during the war. and fiom thence-
forth has been, and still is, in actual military service of the
United States, iceeiviujj the pay and emoluments of a col-
onel's comniift-Mon.
0. That ai'ier stud Vandever so entered the military ser-
vice o{ the United States, on the 1th day of September, 1861,
believing said \ andever's said seat in Congress wan tlrus
vacated, even if he had ever been legally elected theicto,
the undesigned \va>i publicly announced, within said dis-
trict, as a candidate to be voted for at the "general elec-
tion" of 18tii, loi Representative of said distuet in the Con-
gress of the. United States.
7. That at said last-named "general election" a large
majority oi the electors of said district who east their votes
for Hieb Representative voted lor the undersigned for the,
said oiliee of Repi emulative.
8. That many of the boards of county canvassers neglect-
ed or refused to canvass oi return haul vote-, upon the pre-
text that the Governoi of said State had not notified said
election by pioeiamation ; although, as the undersigned in-
sists, no Mich piuclamatioii was tequued by the laws of
IOWfl.
9. That man v of the counties of said district, however, did
canvass and return said votes; but that the hoard ot State
canvassers relumed to canvass said last-named returns,
upon what pietext the mulerf-nrned has not been mlve-ed ;
in consequenee of which last-named icitistl tlie unde>--
signed has not been furnished, as he should have been, with
the usual certificate ofehction.
Upon tfie foiegomg facts the undersigned insists that the
said election of Mr. Vandever. in l^fjll, was iriegut.ir and
unlawful; and that said election of 18(>l was the leguiai
and lawful election, under the laws of Iowa. But if "mis-
taken in this assumption. Ihen tin- under-igned further m
MsUs that the -aid enlistment of Mi. Vandever in the mili-
tary service of the United States wa->, in law and in faet, a
vacation of his said seat in Congre-s, and that the electors
<>l said district pos ev«e<i tile right to elect a suece&soi at tiie
ensuing ''general election," which could not be dive-ti d
or postponed by a iefus.il ot the Uovemoi to proelann Mich
elecfiou,and that thevbnve propei I v exercised that rurhtin
the election oi the undeisigned at the jxeiu-iat eieetum or
lbei. Li: GRAM) IJYi.YGTOX.
Mr. Speaker, by a resolution of the House, I
am pormitttd, as a contestant, to maintain in pur-
son these my pretensions to a seat thotein, ns
Representative of tiie second district of the State
of iowa. [ shaii not ubufce the courtesy thus
extended, or avail myself of the foil extent
of the privilege, for I should have preferred not to
occupy the floor at all. But as your Committee
of Elections have manifestly fallen into an unin-
tentional error to the prejudice of my claim upon
one material point of the case, and reserved the
expression of any opinion upon another—while
their favorable recommendation upon a third has
been most unreasonably suspended by extraneous
influences of formidable character—it seems to be
indispensable forme, unless I am to surrender the
case altogether, to invoke the attentive ear of the
House for a few minutes to the facts and legal
propositions involved in the contest. I shall make
this appeal, Mr. Speaker, to your courteous atten-
tion, under the diiect advice of your Committee
of Elections, and against my individual choice,
with the more confidence, because what I will have
to say is intended not for the country, but for the
House itself; not to accomplish any ulterior pur-
pose, but to influence the opinions and votes of
members upon the particular and somewhat im-
portant questions now'actully before them for de-
cision.
The case itself presents three principal points
for your determination:
1. Whether the sitting- member was ever legally
elected ; and if so,
2. Whether he afterward forfeited the place;
and
3. Whether, in eitherevent, I am entitled to the
seat.
And, Mr. Speaker, in passing upon these ques-
tions, if the House will give me the honor of their
attention, I shall be disappointed if I do not prove
to their satisfaction that I have as valid a right in
law to this seat, which has been so long withheld,
as you have to that which you at this moment
occupy.
In the memorial which has just boon read, the
ouster of the sitting;, but absent member, is claimed
upon the grounds*, first, that he was not elected
at the time prescribed by the laws of his State;
and secondly, that whatsoever possessory right
was coiiferifd, even by his unchallenged certifi-
cate of election, was afterward forfeited and aban-
doned by ins acceptance and exercise of the in-
compatible office of colonel m the volunteer Army
of the United Stales, inasmuch as the sixth sec-
tion of the first article of the Federal Constitution
explicitly declares that " no person holding any
office under the United States shall be a member
of either House Jof Congress] during his contin-
uance in office." The claim of the contestant to
the seat also presents a compound question, and
is based upon the alleged legality of his election
as an original one; and, failing m that, upon the
legal riy;ht of the people tinder the peculiar stat-
utes of iowa, to fill a vacancy in the precise man*
mo- adopted in this case.
These judicial questions—for such they emi-
nently are—unembarrassed by any controversy
about facts, received the careful examination of
your very intelligent Committee of Elections for
a period of seveial months, at the last session, and
have been uniformly regarded by them—i think
very justly—us of unusual importance in respect
hoih to the parliamentary privileges of the House
and to the law of elections. Indeed, sir, I think
it will bo mode to appear, in the progress of this
inquiry, that thu questions thus faitly presented
for your decision, are of no le^s moment than
these: first, whether you will enforce the Con-
stitution of the United States in the vital matter of
your own legislative independence, perhaps ex-
istence; and secondly, whether the inalienable
right df representation upon this floor shall be
secured to the people themselves as against ex-
ecutive machinations within the States. This case,
then, is peculiar, not only in the number and mag-
nitude of the questions presented, but also in the
manner of jts treatment, both by the committee
and by the House. And never, sir, so far us my
research has extended, was an election case pre-
sented to an American Congress which rested
more exclusively for its correct decision upon
strict legal obligation; or one which, in its results,
appealed more forcibly for an abnegation of all
semblance of partisan influences. Yourable and
diligent con^mmee have, it has been seen, made
report, wherein they overrule the memorial upon
the one ground, and yet sustain it upon the other,
as to the sitting member's right to take but not
retain the seat, andnrofessingadivieionofopinion
as to {he legality of my flection thereto, [ will
here read from their printed report that portion
of the finding only from which I reluctantly feel
compelled to dissent. After stating sundry pro-
visions of the laws and constitution of Iowa, the
committee proceed to say:
"These provisions, in the opinion of your committee,
fix the days of presidential election as a legal time for the
election of membcus of Confess in Iowa, and hence they
arc of the opinion that Mr. Vandever was dulyelected and
rightfully admitted to a scat in this Congress as Represent-
ative from the second district of Iowa."
Now, Mr. Speaker, upon this single declaration
I am at issue with this committee, and hope to be
able to show even to their satisfaction that they
have misconceived the provision in the constitu-
tion of Iowa on which they have based their con-
clusion. it is quite true that as to Colonel Van-
dever, (who has long enjoyed every right which
a legal election could have conferred, without car-
rying its burdens,) an affirmance of this report,
as it stands, would render any specific decision of
the illegality of his election of little importance;
but, sir, as the claimant of this seat for the small
remnant of this Congress, I may rightfully chal-
lenge the correctness of the committee's decision
of the point, and invoke the judgment of the House
upon it; for, sir, in the present anomalous attitude
of the case, if I successfully show the illegality of
his election, I thereby establish the validityof my
own. With every possible respect, therefore,for
the acumen of the committee, and entire acquies-
cence in their ultimate finding, I am compelled,
by my judgment of the law, to appeal from their
decision, as above expressed, upon this one point,
and to ask for its reconsideration in the House,
I maintain that the last presidential election was
not the lawful year of election for Congressmen
in Iowa. Before proceeding, upon this strictly
legal question, to the details, which are mostly of
dates and extracts, I beg the House to recollect
that the sit ting member holds m virtue of an elec-
tion in 1860, and that I claim under an election in
1861; that the dispute upon this branch of the
case is about the year of a lawful election; and
further, that tiie question turns in the main, under
the legislation of Iowa, upon the true time of elect-
ing members of the Geuetal Assembly of that
State.
Mr. Speaker, in my reading of the constitution
and laws of Iowa, in force at the dates of these
events, I am unable to find therein any legal war-
rant for a congressional election in that State in
the year 1860, when the sitting member was voted
for. - Previous to the year 1857, there had been
no difficulty upon this head. The piovisions of
the Constitution of the United States, which con-
fer upon the Legislature of Iowa power to pre-
scribe the " time, place, and manner of electing
Representatives m Congress," had, in this re-
spect, been complied with by the enactments of
the Code of 1851, wherein it was plainly written
(page 4*2) that members of Congress should be
elected at the "general election," and that such
generulelectionshould he" thatat which members
of the General Assembly are regularly chosen;"
and under the State constitution then in force,
these members were, it is undisputed, regularly
chosen, in August, biennially, and on the even
numbered yeats. Other enumerated officers,
mostly executive, were to be chosen on the odd
numbered years—for our elections were annual—
at elections held in the same month, and denom-
inated by the law " August elections." Thus our
annual August elections were classified as " gen-
eral elections" and "August elections" in the
alternate years.
These unambiguous provisions remained in force
until most of them were superseded by the new
constitution of the State, September 3.1857, and
by the legislation had thereunder in the year 1858.
By these latter, the month of October was substi-
tuted for August as the time of our annual elec-
tion, with a provision, however, that in the years
of a presidential election it should be m Novem-
ber: and the time of the biennial legislative elec-
tion was changed from the even to tiie odd num-
bered years, without any allusion whatever to
Congressmen, leaving them to be elected as for-
merly "at the general election at which members
of the General Assembly are regularly chosen."
Thus, by the sixth section of the twelfth article,
it was provided that the first election of members
of the General Assembly should be hold on the
second Tuesday of October, in the year 1857; and
by the third section of the third article it was pro-
