1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
vided that the members of ihe House of Repre-
sentatives should be chosen* every second year,
and that their term of office should commence on
the 1st day of January next after their election,
and continue two years; and by the second sec-
tion of the third article, it was provided that the
sessions should be biennial, commencing on the
second Monday in January next ensuing- the elec-
tion of the members; and by the ninth section of
the twelfth article, it was provided that the first
regular session should be on the second Monday
in January, 1858; thereby ordaining, explicitly, by
constitutional enactment, the odd years for the
elections in October, and the even years for the
sessions in January; and the legislative elections
and sessions have ever since been held in conform-
ity with these pro^ions. No possible ground of
misapprehension in this regard could have been
found but for an unfortunate form of expression
used in the section which merges the October elec-
tion in the presidential years. Instead of placing
this provision in a clause by itself, it is, as will
be hereafter shown, very inartificially mixed up
with the sentences which undertake to define the
legislative elections, and in such a form as to de-
ceive the casual reader.
Again, by the first section of the twelfth article
it is provided that " the General Assembly shall
pass all laws necessary to carry this constitution
into effect;" and in pursuance of this clause, the
Legislature of Iowa, which is the sole depository
of the power to presciibe a congressional elec-
tion, on the 23d of Maich, 1858, passed "an act
revising and amending title four of the Code, and
further providingfor elections,"&c., (Revision of
1860, page 77,) which prescribed the time and
manner of electing every officer to be voted for in
the State, excepting alone members of Congress.
By the twelfth section of this last act, which is still
in force, (page 79,) it is provided that members of
the House of Representatives shall be chosen at
the " general election" of 1859, and every second
year thereafter; and the facts are incontestable
that the members of the present General Assem-
bly were chosen under this law in 1861, when I
was elected, and not in I860, when the sitting
member was voted for; and that all the Genera!
Assemblies which have existed in Iowa under
this constitution were elected in 1857, 1859, and
1861, respectively, and no single member thereof
was ever " regulariy chosen "in an even numbered
or presidential year, unless to fill i\ vacancy.
In all this legislation of Iowa, subsequent to
1851, there is found no specific provision fixing
any particular day or year for the election of Rep-
resentatives in Congress. That election is fixed
by relation only. The intention expi essed by all
these enactments, however, isplam,thatmemhers
of Congress and of the General Assembly shall be
chosen at the same election; the original provis-
ion standing unrepealed, that "Representatives
in Congress shall be elected at the genera! elec-
tion at which members of the General Assembly
are regularly chosen." Yet the committee of
elections, after conceding this controlling fact,
have, upon a smgl'1 clause of the new constitu-
tion, which is itself enoneous, manifestly fallen
into an inadvertency, by assuming that the mem-
bers of the Iowa General Assembly are electable
at a presidential election, which is totally at vari-
ance with the law and the facts. No such mem-
bers were voted for in 1860, whereas the present
General Assembly of the State were elected in
1861, on the day of my own election, and the
next will be chosen in 1863.
We alldo know, Mr. Speaker, that presidential
elections occur on the even oumbetod years, and
We all may know that when the constitution and
laws of iowa require members of the General As-
sembly to be "elected in 1857 and 1859,mid
" every second year thereafter," and to 44 hold
their office for the term of two years,53 that there
is no legal possibility of any such election occur-
ring in the year of a piesidential election, except
to fill a vacancy.
As 1 have before said, there is a single sentence
in this constitution which, by isolation, would
favor the idea adopted by the committee, and by
which they have evidently been led to an errone-
ous construction; but taken in connection with all
the other clauscs bearing upon the subject-matter,
U b'-comes manifestly one of those discrepancies
which are quite common m constitutional legisla-
tion, resulting from the ge}Niratc sections being
prepared by different committees, and which can
only he reconciled by a comparison of the whole.
What the framersof the instrument intended, and
really accomplished, (though obscurely,) was to
substitute November for October, as the election
day for all officers properly electable in the pres-
idential years, so as to save the people from the
trouble and expense of two elections with but a
month's interval. The true import of the clause,
inartificially expressed, I admit, is, that in the
presidential years the day of the general election
is changed, for economic reasons, from the sec-
ond Tuesday of October to that of the presidential
election in November, without affecting the ten-
ure of any office, either in its commencement or
termination.
The particular clause in the report of this com-
mittee which I am compelled to combat says that
" the constitution of Iowa provides that members
of the General Assembly shall be chosen on the
day of a presidential election, in the years when
there is one," &c.
Now, Mr Speaker, I submit that the consti-
tution, as a whole, does not so provide, and has
never been so administered. The third section
of the first article seemingly so declaies, by say-
ing that the members of the House of Repre-
sentatives shall be chosen every second year, on
the second Tuesday in October, except the year of
the presidential election, when the election shall
be on the Tuesday next after the first Monday in
.November;" but there arc no less than four other
provisions which so control the above exception
as to confine it to legislative vacancies, and posi-
tively enact that members of the House of Repre-
sentatives shall be first chosen in October, 1857;
(section 6, article 12;) thatlhey shall be chosen
every second year thereafter; (section 3, article 3;)
that their sessions shall commence in January
nexjafter their election; (section 2, article 3;) and
that, their first biennial .session shall be in January,
1858, (section 9. article 12.) This quoted clause,
therefore, must be construed as indicating the
day of the month on which, in certain years, the
officer electable in those years shall be chosen.
Tin.1 apparent discrepancy can be harmonized in
no other way; and the legislation and practice of
Iowa have harmonized it accordingly. For ex-
ample, m case a vacancy m the legislative repre-
sentation was to be filled, m a presidential year,
this clause fixes the day in November instead of
October. It hath this extent, no more.
To render this the more apparent, the House
will indulge me in ivading. in immediate connec-
tion, tin so several clauses:
" Art. 3, Srr-.O. The "e^ions of the General Assembly
shall be biennial, ami shall commence on the second Mom
d«iy in J.iimai) next ensuing tic election of its member*."
%i Art. 12, 9. The tii-?r icgul.ir ?•<>  ton of the Gen-
einl Assembly ->hall be held in the \eai J fW, commencing
on the second Monday ol Jamiaiv in *-aid \cai.5'
•• Art. 0, src 3. The member ot the Hou-u of Repre-
sentative- -luill be chosen evf'iy -ecwml year by the (nulli-
fied electors of their respective districts, on the second
Tuesday in October, except the yenu> ot the presidential
election, when the election shall be on the Tuesday next
alter the fhvt Monday 111 November; and their term ot of-
fice *l all commence on the 1m dav ol January next after
thcr election, and continue two \eau, and until their &ue-
(.■I's-ui'i are ciccted and qualified ''
14 Art ]z>. Si:r. C>, The fir^t election intdei this consti-
tution bhall be held on the s-econd Tuesday m October, in
the year 18,V«, at which time the electors oi the State thall
clect the Uovmuoraml Lieutenant Governor. There shall
also be fleeted at ?-ueh election the Miece^oix of such State
Senator-- as were elected at tile August election in the
year JS54, awl member^ of the Hoiif ot' ileprebtrntauves,
who .'•hull ho elected in accordance with the apportion-
ment enacted at the session ot IboG.''
From a comparison of these several provisions,
it will be clearly manifest that however unskillful
or even bungling the phraseology may be, it was
the intention to provide simplyforthe substitution,
as the day ofMection, of November foi*October in
the years of a presidential election, in respect to
those offices only which were to be lawfully filled
in those ycar«; and further, that the representative
office was not of the number unless a vacancy ex-
isted. And this view is fully confirmed by refer-
ence to the cotPtnporaneouR election law of 1858,
which fixes, specifically, the.odd numbered years
for the elections of "members of the General As-
sembly;" as follows:
" 470 (ls2.) Member of the House of Representa-
tives ?hall be chosen by the vote of ihe qualified voter-, of
the respective representative district*, at the general elec-
tion of lb59. ami every second year thereafter, for the term
of two ve.us, and until then 6uece>sor.-: are elected and
quallfi'-il."-
Let us test the Committee's const ruction* byth.e
case of the members uf.the (-reneviil
who were undeniably elected VU*4er this
law. Having been chosen ki October of thalyfiSE,
their term of office, u$<tar the pwisteflfc qf tile
above section three, " comwepcqti.on
of January next after their election,
uory 1? I860,and " continued two yea-rs*?-'
until January 1,1862. Now, then ? if, as th$5W*-
mittee have assumed, their successors,wevq cit-
able in I860, (the presidential year,) the tegmjof
the latter must have commenced in Jarmary, 18S1,
and b,y inevitable consequ.ence,-during that wh^ie
year there must have been two General Assem-
blies in existence.. Again: the regular biennial
session of the first, by the provision? of section
two,article three,and section nine,article twelve,
commenced on the second Monday in January,
I860; and that of the latter must have commenced
on the corresponding day in 1861, which would
have produced regular annual, instead of biennial,
sessions; and in the event of an extra session be-
ing called in 1861—as, in fact, there was—there
would have been two actual sessions of different
Legislatures going forward atthe same time. Such
must have been the consequences of acting on the
committee's construction.
I am confirmed, and even fortified, in this view
of the case, by the action of the General Assem-
bly of Iowa upon tin* subject of congressional
elections, which has taken place since this con-
troversy arose. I hold in my hand,sir,a manu-
script copy of the law of last winter, (regular ses-
sion,) redisricting the State under the census-of
1860, (approved April 8, 1862,) which contains
the following provision, namely:
" Sec. 3. The first election for members of Congress un-
der this act shall be held at the general election in the year
1862, and every two years thereafter."
Now, sir, the incorporation of this unusual
provision into a statute whose object was merely
to define the boundaries of congressional dis-
tricts, was wholly superfluous, if the assumption
of the'eommittee is correct, that the preexisting
law already fixed the same years as the amend-
ment for these elections. Hence, I conclude that
it was clearly the sense of the General Assembly
that without the enactment of this last section, the
next congressional election would have occurred
in 18G3, two years after my own, and when our
next General Assembly will be elected.
For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I have been
impelled to dissent from the finding of your com-
mittee, upon the first point presented in the case,
and am wholly unable to resist the following-con-
clusions, namely:
1. That the only law upon the statute-book of
Iowa previous to April last, which attempts to
prescribe a congressional election, was that of
1851.
2. That this act, in its phraseology and mani-
fest import intended to make the election of rep-
resentatives, in the General Assembly and to
Congress, coincident.
3. That in 1857-58 there was a change effected,
both by constitutional and legislative enactment,
in the election of members of the General Assem-
bly, from the even to the odd numbered yeais.
4. That this change, (which tin.-committee have
inadvertently ignored,) in the absence of any
countervailing provision, carried with it, by re-
lation, the election of Representatives to Congress.
5. And that, consequently, the vote of 1860,for
the sitting member, when no legislative ticket was
eligible, was illegal; and my election in 1861,
when a Legislature was chosen, was the legaland
only authorized election of a Representative to
this Congress.
But, Mr. Speaker, if, in all this, have ripis-
taken the law as you, and you, gentlemen Repre-
sentatives, shall understand it, then ill recur for
your decision the second question presented in this
case, namely:
Did Colonel Vandevcr forfeit or, by )peration of
law i vacate this seat ?
Upon tiiif branch of the case, my irst duty is
to endeavor to relieve it from an eml arrassment
which has, undeniably, produced a m  st unusual
postponement of its hearing, and Ivei /-much fear
endangered altogether i^s correct decision. From
the beginning my claim has been overborne by a
prevailing impression that, to declare the incom-
patibility of Colonel Vandever's two offices, would
necessarily vacate the seats of aomehalf a score of
