966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
other members of the House. As long ago as May
8,1863, and after much delay in deference to this
very feeling, I in vain sought to show to the House
that the circumstances peculiar to Colonel Vonde-
•fer's entry into the military service, destroyed, in a
great measure, the analogy which was supposed
toendangerother members of this body; and move
than eight monthsafterwards,( January 22,) when,
as [supposed, thepointwastobedecided by agree-
ment, J was again unsuccessful in my utmost en-
deavors for opportunity so to explain to the House
as to relieve members from this unfounded but
potent apprehension. Now, for the first time, and
too late, probably, to remove settled adverse con-
victions, 1 have it in my powerto say to the House
that Colonel Vandever was never an officer of the
State militia of Iowa; that his sole military au-
thority was derived originally from the War De-
partment of the United States; that his command
was, from the beginning, of an independent regi-
ment of volunteers, territorially coextensive with
his large district, raised exclusively under the
authority of Congress, and composed in part of
the citizens of'IUinois; that at no time has he been
an officer created by or amenable to the State
authority; and that, consequently, the members
holding military positions in the militia of the
States are to that extent unaffected by a decision
of this case upon its merits. These statements
are justified by the uncontradicted documentary
evidence in the case.
Upon this branch of the contest I was satisfied
with the unanimous finding of the Committee of
Elections, which declares the forfeiture of Colonel
Yandever's seat, and with the reasons which they
have well given in support of their decision, 1
even regarded them as so conclusive of the point,
under the fundamental law, that I felt disinclined,
in the first instance, to occupy a moment's time
upon it; for, like Mr. Randolph, just sixty years
ago, upon the unanimous decision of the analo-
gous case of Major Van Ness, of New York, I
was entirely unwilling to believe that, in the estab-
lishment of precedent of such vital significance to
the future well-being of both Congress and coun-
try, there could exist a possible necessity for the
addition of a single word. My confidence in the
power of the argument was, 1 admit, somewhat
shaken on the 22d of January, by the magnitude
of the negative vote upon the committee's unan-
swerable report; but yet, sir, if a vote can now be
had upon the question, simple and pure, unaffected
by extraneous considerations, 1 shall be quite will-
ing to rest it upon the reasoning of the committee
and one or two authorities which ought to be more
specifically brought to the notice of the House.
I will be grateful to the Cleric, therefore, if he
will now read the report of the committee upon
this point, which, from the time that has elapsed
since it was made, must have passed from the
minds of members not specially interested therein.
The Cleric read, as follows:
The Committee of Elections, to whom were referred the
memorial ol'I4e Grand ttyington, claiming the seat in this
House which was occupied at the commencement of tho
present se&sionby Hon. William Vandever, as Represent-
ative of the second district of Iowa, and the additional
paper* relating to such claim, submit their report upon such
portions ot the case as relate to the right of Mr. Vamlever
to said seat.
Mr. Vandever claimed to be a member of this Congress
by virtue of an election held in his distucton the da> of the
presidential election A. D. 18G0, and was admitted under
that claim.
It was contended, however, that the day of the presiden-
tial election A. I). 1860 wad not the day prescribed by the
laws .of lovva for the election ofmembus of Congress, and
that, therefore, Mr. Vandever's election was void.
The law of Iowa, section two hundred and thirty-nine,
page 43, of the Code ot 1851, provides that members of Con-
gress shall bo chosen at a u general election," and section
two hundred and thirty-seven, page 40, defines a " general
election" to be that at which the members of the General
Assembly are regulaily chosen; and the constitution of
Iowa, of A. I). 1858, provides that members oftlie General
Assembly shall be chosen on the day of the presidential
election m the years when there is one, and that they hold
their office l'or two year*. Thee ptovisioi|s, in the opin-
ion of your committee, fix the days of presidential election
as a legal tnue for the election of members of Congiess m
Iowa, and hence they are of the opinion that Mr. Vandever
was duly elected and rightfully admitted to a seat in this
Congress as Representative from the second district of
Iowa.
But after that election Mr. Vandever made to the Pres-
ident an offer to furnish from the second congressional dis-
trict ot Iowa a regiment of volunteei infantry for the service
of the country during the war, winch offer the President,
on the 23d day of July, A. D. 1861, by virtue of the "Act
to authorize the employment of volunteeis to aid in en-
forcing the Jaws and protecting public property," accepted,
and directed Mr. Vandever to have his proposed regiment
ready for marching ordets as soon as practicable, Mt.Van-
dever, with a patriotism worthy of all praise, proceeded to
enlist and " have ready for marching orders" the f'orcc he
had tendered, (acting under directions of the War Depart-
ment,) and on the 30th day of August, A. D. 1861, was ap-
pointed colonel of the ninth regiment Iowa volunteer infan-
try, and on the 24th day of the following September was
mustered into and has ever since been in the actual service
of the U nited States, receiving the pay belonging to his rank,
and subject, of course, to die commands of his superior
officers.
A commission, a copy whereof is herewith submitted,
was issued to him by the Governor of Iowa. In teims it
commissions him as colonel of the ninth infantry regiment
ol the militia of Iowa. The committee are not aware that
any other formal military commission ever issued to.
Colonel Vandever, either Ironi the President or from the
Governor of Iowa. The letters of the Adjutant General of
Iowa, (House Mis. Doc. No. 36, page 1.) and from Colonel
Vandever to the committee, as well a-s all the other estab-
lished facts of the ca e, however, show conclusively that
Mr. Vandever was really appointed and is actually serving
as colonel of the ninth regiment Iowa volunteer infantry,
and thrft the commission is inaccurate in the use of the
term militia.
Colonel Vandever, underthefacts,claims,however, that
he is simply an officer of the State of Iowa, because (as
his letter would seem to imply) in his opinion the volun-
teer force he enlisted and commands is simply a part of the
militia of Iowa.
Hut whether Colonel Vandever Is to be regarded as an
officer in the Atmy pioper of the United Suites, or as an
officer ol the militia of Iowa, is, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, of little importance. If he was actually mustered
into the service of the United States, lie was, by that act,
placed in an office totally incompatible with that of Repre-
sentative in Congress.
He has no right as Representative to absent himself from
the House without leave; and if he does, is liable to be ar-
rested by the ofiicer of the House, and returned and pun-
ished. But he 13 also bound as an officer of the Atmy to
be with his regiment, (perhaps a thousand unles distant,)
ready to execute the commands of his supejior officer; and
toi his default liable to punishment—it may be with death.
Or lus military supeuoi may take him by force fiom hiss seat
and duties in the House to his post in the Army.
That such a physical impossibility as is thus created, to
cxecute the duties of both offices, renders them totally in-
compatible, would seem to be beyond a doubt.
But there is also that in the nature of the powers incident
to the two positions which renders them incompauWe. As
Representative ho may by his vote repeal the law or Army
legulation creating a duty oi imposing a penalty which, as
officer of the Arm), lie has neglected or inclined. Or in the
exercise ot his right, (and perhap-. duty,) a& Representative,
to speak of tlio conduct of hi* siipenoi military officers, he
might utter woids for winch, as an officer of the Aimy, the
superior would have an equal light to cause him to be tried
by court-mauial and punched.
These instances of conflicting irreconcilable duties and
poweis are sufficient to illustrate the incompatibility of the
two offices ; and that the acceptance by the same person of
an office incompatible with another held by him, is a vir-
tual resignation orl'orfettute of the office fust held, is too
plain a piopositiou Jo need illustration. It icsults fu>m the
presumption that no man can iutend, a^ well as from the
policy that no man shall be peimuted, to hold a trust the
dutiesofwhich he Im&di.-qunhfied himself from perloiming.
All the authontics agree in this piinciple.
And again admitting, tor the sake oi the argument, that
Colonel Vandever was originally simply an officer of the
militia ol Jowa, still your committeeaie'ot tlieopinionthat
the act of mustering hun into the military service of the
United Stftte  made him an officer of the United States.
The authority which an officer is bound to obey and to
which he is responsible, and whose pay lie receives, de-
termines under what government he acts, and whose officer
he really is.
J3 ut your committee are of the opinion that Colonel Van-
devei was really and truly appointed colonel, not of Iowa
militia, but of the ninth regiment eff Iowa volunteer infan-
tiy, and that the latter foice is in no sense of the term a
militia torce, but is a force raised solely by the authority of
the Federal Government, and hence that its ofliceis (Col-
onel Vandever among the rest) hold their offices under the
United States.
The commission, It Is true, stjles him colonel of the
ninth infantry of the militia of the State of Iowa. Xiut a
commission docs not confer the office. It is, at most, but
evidence of an'appointment. An erior in the commission
cannot confer a light to an office to which the person hold-
ing the commission has not been appointed, neither can it
take away his right to exercise the powers and leceivethe
emolument-of one to which he has been appointed. There
are numerous officeis which the President commissions
that aie appointed by others. Suppose there should bean
error in the commission he confers; certainly it would not
take away the office. The appointment it&elf, and the en-
hance upon and actual discharge ot the duties of an office,
(by the appointee,) under a claim of light, are the real re-
quisites constituting a per?on an officer, and decisive of the
office to which he is appointed.
Neither does the fact that lie was commissioned by the
Governor of Jowa militate against the position that Colonel
Vandever is ah officer of the United Htafes. The act of
Congress under winch the force Colonel Vandever com-
mands was raised, authorizes the Governors of the States
where the force is laised to commission ceitain of the offi-
cers. The Governor acts only by virtue of that law. He
is the mere agent of the United States for the purposes in-
dicated in the act. The appomtinentand commission would
have been just as valid had any other agent been selected
to have ni^rae and is&ued them.
But the force Colonel Vandever really was appointed to
command, and with which he has ever since been in ser-
vice as commander, was enlisted by direction of the Pres-
ident under the authority of the act of Congress entitled
"An act to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid
in enfoicing ths kr.vti and protecting public property,"
which act could have been passed only undci that clausc
of the eighth section of the Constitution which provides
that Congiess shall have power to raise and support armies.
It was not enrolled by the State authorities, and then diafted
by virtue of the subsequent clausc of the section above cited,
which authorizes Congress to provide for organizing, arm-
ing, and disciplining the militia. Under this latter clause,
there is no power to raise forces, but only to organize and
arm and discipline those raised or enrolled by the States.
If it had been raised under the latter clause, the Governor
of Iowa would have had the sole undoubted right, under
the Constitution, to have commissioned and appointed aU
its officers: whereas his only authority now accrues to him
from the act itself, and is limited to colonels and officers
of inferior rank. These considerations seem decisive of
the character of this volunteei foice, namely: that it is not
a militia force, but a part of the Army proper of the Federal
Government.
.That it was this volunteer force that Colonel Vandever
was really appointed to command appears from the letter
of the chief clerk of the War Department to Hon. William
Vandever, (House Mis. Doc. Nor40, p. 3;) the letter of
adjutant general of Iowa, (House Mis. Doc. No. 16, p. 1;)
Colonel Vandever's letter to committee, hereto annexed;
the letter of the Paymaster General of the United States,
(House Mis. Doc. No. 40, p.6;) and every other well estab-
lished fact in the ease. That he accepted said office, and
has since been in the actual service of the United States,
receiving his pay as colonel of the ninth regiment of Iowa
volunteer infantry, is beyond a doubt j indeed, his own let-
ters to the committee so declare.
The committee are, therefore, clearly of the opinion that
in whatever JightColonel Vandever is icgarded, whotlieras
an officer of the militia of Iowa, actually mustered into the
service of the United States, or as an officer of the Anny
proper of the United States, his position is not only incom-
patible with that of Representative in Congress, but also
that his easn fails clearly within the last clause of the sixth
section of article one of the Constitution of the United States,
which provides that no person holding an office under the
United States shall be a member of either Iloute (of Con
gress) during his continuance in office.
If any decision of this House construing so plain a pro-
vision of the Constitution were necessary to support the
opinion which the committee have reluctantly felt them-
selves compelled to adopt, they submit that it is found in
the cases of John P. Van Ness, reported in Contested Elec-
tions, p. 122, and of Colonel Yell, in the second session of
the Twenty-Ninth Congress. (Sec Congressional Globe
and Appendix, vol. 17, p. 341.) The case of Colonel Yell is
believed to be perfectly decisive of the question now pre-
sented'to the House.
The loyalty, patriotism, and valor which piompted Col-
onel Vandever to leave the comparative case of this Hall
and take upon himself the labois, vexations, hardships, and
dangers of the reciuiting service, the camp, and the battle-
field, impressed the committee with the warmed admira-
tion of his character, and excited in them a strong d'-sire to
find porno valid reason for reporting in favor of lus retain-
ing his seat. This they have been unable to do; and the
great importance of the piinciples winch govern the case,
as well a  the quasi judicial character imposed, in these in-
vestigations, upon the committee, forbid them to allow pie-
possessions or favor to affect tlieir decision.
That no member of this House shall be allowed to hold,
at the same time, an incompatible office, and that no other
departmentof this Government shall be allowed to exercise
any influence over its members, by distinctions and emol-
uments conferred, or any control by vniue of superior au-
thority, are principles that involve the existence, integrity,
and lights oftlie House, and the just distubution of the pow-
ers of the Government. They were deemed of such vital
importance as to demand a placc as an cxpiess pioviMon of
the Constitution, inserted alter the fullest debate and con-
sideration.
In view of the necessity of maintaining these principles
in their full extent, the committee could not allow any ex-
traneous circumstances to influence them. Ilowevei much
they might honor Colonel Vandever for his noble conduct,
they must judge his rights by the same law that is applica-
ble to the most undeserving member of the House. They
have, therefore, felt compelled to report and ask the House
to adopt the following resolution:
Resolved, That William Vandever has not been entitled
to a seat as a member of this House since lie was mustered
into the military service of the United States as colonel of
the ninth regiment Iowa volunteer infantry, to wit, since
the 24th day of September, A. 0. 1851.
Mr. BYINGTON. Mr. Speaker,as already
nounccd,! have myself no desire to enter further
into the discussion of the constitutional question
of the alleged forfeiture of this seat. Essentially
a judicial question, and never difficult of solution,
it is really no longer an open one, but completely
res adjudicata. As stated in the report of the com-
mittee, it has been three several times decided'by
the House with the most marked unanimity, and
whollyregardless of everything like partisan con-
siderations. There is nothing in the case in hand
that should have requited a year for its decision;
and we must look to the peculiar condition of the
House and of the country for the causes which
have induced so unreasonable a postponement.
The cases of Colonels Baker and Yell, at the sec-
ond session of the Twenty-Ninth Congress, are
so entirely decisive of every question presented
in this case, even to that of my right to fill this
vacancy, on which the committee have reserved
their opinions,as to be entitled to the respect due
to established and authoritative precedents; and
as the cases have never been reported, it \h per-
haps due from me to the members of the House
