1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
simply this: that wherever it becomes necessary
to suspend the writ of habeas corpus, the individ-
uals in reference to whom that privilege is sus-
pended cannot be tried. .That is certain. They
cannot be tried. Did not the Constitution contem-
plate that the mer*who are arrested under a sus-
pension of the habeas corpus cannot be tried? and
when gentlemen arraign the Presidentfor immur-
ing these men within the walls of a prison without
giving them a chance for trial, do they not arraign
the framers of the Constitution, who provided for
this very state of things? because I defy the learned
gentlemen from Delaware to tell me how the writ
of habeas corpus is to be suspended in any other
way than by the arrest and imprisonment, with-
out trial, of those who may be subject to the exer-
cise of this high power.
Mr. President, I admit itseems atthe first blush
to be exceedingly oppressive and unjust in every
point of view, that a man should be snatched,
perhaps, from the bosom of his family, and in-
carcerated in a prison without any charge brought
against him; and it has furnished, I know, the
theme of invectivc and of declamationall over the
land ; but Senators* ought to look at it, it seems to
me, in a different point of view; they ought to
regard it as one of the inevitable consequences of
this truly deplorable state of things. Do they not
admit—will not those gentlemen admit, I think
they have admitted—that there are cases in which
the writ of habeas corpus ought to have been sus-
pended ? I think they will admit that in the case
of Maryland, for instance, the suspension of the
wiit of habeas corpus absolutely saved that State
to the Union, and that had it not been suspended
there, Maryland would to-day have been out of
the Union; and the capital would probably have
been in the hands of the rebels.
Therefore, sir, I insist that it is a power which
is conferred by the Constitution; it is u power
which has been exercised beneficially, and with
the most important results; but it is a power un-
doubtedly that may be unwisely used. Mr. Pres-
ident,-! am willing to admit that this power has
been in some instances unfortunately exercised,
peihaps without due discrimination; but I am very
much inclined to the opinion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] that if the Govern-
ment have erred at all in reference to the suspen-
sion of this privilege, they have not erred on the
side of severity, but they have erred upon the
side of leniency. Mr. President, this power, to
be beneficial, must be exercised not only with a
careful hand, but with a steady and unshaking
hand; and there, I think, great mistakeshave been
made. I have m my mind now the case of an in-
dividual who was arrested in broad daylight, taken
from his home and family with his child clinging
to his arms, and in a few weeks that man was dis-
charged. Whether he ought to have been arrested
or not is a question about which I express no opin-
ion; but what I do say is, that if such men ought
to be arrested, they ought to have been kept in
confinement, because before they were arrested
they had no power to do mischief; but when they
were discharged, they came out breathing ven-
eance and defiance against the Government, and
ftve had it in their power, I think, to injure the
Administration of this country most essentially.
But, Mr. President, I did not mean to go so
much at large info the discussion of this matter,
hut to put my vote simply upon the ground that
it is utterly impossible for us to allow resolutions
of this kind to be entertained by the Senate with-
out practically annulling the provision of the Con-
stitution. it'foilows, from the very necessity of
the case, that when the privilege of the habeas
corpus is suspended, the ordinary tribunals of the
country are arrested in their action, so far as the
individual is concerned, and that he cannot be
tried until the war is ended. Then those who
have been arrested will be entitled to their trial or
their discharge, because then the necessity which
compelled their arrest wll have ceased to exist.
In regard to these two individuals from Dela-
ware, 1 know nothing. The Senators say there is
not a disloyal man in Delaware. I am glad to
hear it. I rejoice that it is so. 1 wish tolieaven
I could say the same thing m regard to that State
which 1 represent. But, Mr. Piesident, I desire
to say no more with regard to this subject.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I must tres- ,
pass upon the Senate with a few remarks in re-
ply to the honorable Senator from New Jersey,
i
to whom I have listened with respect, because of
long years of past acquaintance, commenced in
early life, but with regret that he should have
adopted the line of opinion which appears to be
fixed with him. I will notenterinto the question
as to where the power to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus lies, whether with Congress or with
the Executive. I discussed that question more
than a year ago to the best of my ability, and I
am willing to stand by the argument I then made.
But very certain it is, that up to the time of the
present unhappy and distracted condition of the
country, no solitary instance can be found of any
lawyer throughout this great land who ever held
that the President possessed the power. Since
then there have been diversities of opinion in
some quarters, but the weight of authority is al-
together on one side. Whether you take your
Supreme Court or take the balance of judicial or
professional authority, it isaltogether on oneside.
You have also the fact that during a period of
more than seventy years of the existence of your
Constitution, though cases had arisen, the cur-
rent of professional opinion was so absolute that
no lawyer down to 1861 ever ventured to ques-
tion the fact that the power to suspend the writ
existed in Congress alone. If you choose to go
back to the country from which you draw the
name by which you designate these writs and the
forms of proceeding, there can be no question
whatever that m England the power exists in
Parliament, and was meant to restrict the execu-
tive power from arbitrary control over the rights
of the subject.
But i pass from that. In the view of the hon-
orable Senator, he seems to consider that, because
• the Constitution authorizes in the two given cases
• of insurrection and invasion (which mean, in sub-
| stance, domestic or foreign war) the suspension
! of the writ of habeas corpus, be it by the President
i or the Legislature, therefore there is no other pro-
| vision in the Constitution to be looked to. Sup-
| pose the President has the power to suspend the
I writ, is there not still some right to the citizen?
I The writ is but the remedy; it is the judicial rem-
: edy by which you have public inquiry; and then
| yoa must have a sworn statement specifying the
! ground of the airest, and the ground must be an
! offense against the laws; but is it less criminal on
! the part of the Executive, because the writ is sus-
| ponded, to imprison for that which is not a crime?
I Is there any authority given to Congress or the
1 Executive to punish an American citizen for that
' which is not a crime by law? The amendments
! to your Constitution provide that, for all offenses,
the party charged shall be entitled to be confronted
■ with his accusers; that he shall be entitled to be
heaid by his counsel; that he shall be entitled to
1 a speedy tiial; that he shall be entitled to the ver-
dict of his peers; he is to be condemned accord-
| ing to the law of the land. And there is the dif-
. ference between a despotic Government and a free
j Government—a Government of lawsas against a
i Government of will. Then the question comes
back, if the President has the power to suspend
the writ, according to the doctrine of the honora- j
ble Senator, and arrests a party, what is his duty j
under the inhibitions of the Constitution? To |
confinc him indefinitely? Does it give him such j
a power as that? To torture him if he pleases? J
May he put a man to torture in the Bastiles of
this Confederacy, and is the Senate of the United
States to make no inquiry into such a feet? Ac-
cording to the honorable Senator's doctrine, the
suspension of the writ is enough; the party is to
lie in the custody of the Executive without the
legislative power daring to interpose; no matter
what is done, his fate is to be unknown; he may
be, as in cases in the Bastilein France, forgotten.
I believe, myself, that the case of these men has
been forgotten, or they would have been dis-
charged. The last order of the Secretary of War
entitles them to their discharge. We know
enough of the general facts to know that they
were arrested on election day; they were arrested
by a very distinguished officer, a Colonel Wal-
lace, of the Maryland home guards, who has not
exhibited himself, and who, I believe, according
to the terms of his engagement, is not to serve
against the enemy, but is to confine himself to op-
erations against the citizens of Delaware and his
own State. As I understand, under his command
these gentlemen were aireeted, and according to
my view of the ord^r of the Secretary of War,
beyond all question they ought to have been dis-
charged; but they have not been; they are'still
held under sjilitary authority in Fort Delaware.
That is all we know about it. Everything is
vague and indefinite except the fact of the arrest,
and that they have been held there since the 7th
day of October last, and that they were arrested
on the day of an election in the State—not the
general but the precedent election.
Now, sir, if it be true,* assuming, as the honor-
able Senator from New Jersey does, that the Pres-
ident has the power to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus, that therefore he has a right to continue a
man indefinitely in imprisonment, he has also the
right to do anything he pleases with the party—to
put him in a^cell under ground^to starve him, to
torture him, or anything else. It must come to
that if we are to make no inquiry; because it is
clear the judiciary have no power, if the .Execu-
tive is not bound by tho Constitution to bring the
party to trial although the writ of habeas corpus is
suspended. The object of that suspension is to
enable you to have an arrest without process of
law, that is, without judicial inquiry; but it does
not suspend that other clause of the Constitution
which requires a speedy trial for every civil of-
fense; it does not give a power to punish for that
which is not an offense against the laws of the
land. Our ancestors never gave an authority to
Congress or the President to suspend the fifth
article of the amendments to-the Federal Consti-
tution.
The suspension is simply the suspension of the
peculiar form of remedy which enables the party
to bring before the court for judicial decision the
facts of the case, and requires the court, if he is not
judicially charged on probable cause, to discharge
him. That is all; but if you take away the judi-
cial power of inquiry, it does not make it less an
inftingement and a violation of the fifth amend-
ment to the Constitution if the Executive of the
United States, having suspended the writ and hav-
ing the power to do so, should detain the party in
prison without remitting him to the civil author-
ities, if he be guilty of a civil offense, or trying
him by the military authority ifhe has been guilty
of a military offense within the laws of war.
Either one or the other, according to the fifth ar-
ticle of the amendments, he is bound to do. What
we ask here is that the Senate shall ascertain for
what reason men who have been imprisoned for
unknown causes, who we believe have committed
no offense against the laws of the land, have been
so imprisoned.
The honorable Senator tells us: no, the Execu-
tive has suspended the writ, and they must Jie
there during the continuance.of the war if the
President chooses to keep them. I suppose, then,
because I do not see how you escape from the
argument, that if the President chose to put these
men under ground, if he chose to have them starved
in your forts, if he chose to put them to the tor-
ture in your forts, the Senate of the United States,
on ail averment of the fact, and that there was
reason to believe it, would have no authority to
make the inquiry! Why, sir, is not this a free
representative Government, in which public opin-
ion is to restrain all authorities that act as its
agents, be they executive, be they legislative, or
be they judicial ? It is the basis of freedom, after
all, that the public opinion must exercise the con-
trolling power. May not the Senate or the House
of Representatives call upon the Executive for in-
formation as to a condition of things in which we
I suppose individual wrong may have been done,
without asserting at all that it has been; for the
answer may be satisfactory; we cannot tell till we
hear. Can we not make an inquiry in a case where
an individual has been arrested and imprisoned?
It seems to me that the very fact of the suspen-
sion of the writ affords the strongest reason why
we should make the call and have the information.
What it will be I cannot say. It may be that an
order has been made for their discharge. All my
object is to obtain that discharge. But if the re-
turn should be one-setting forth facts that would
justify the arrest of the parties, then what I ask
for them is what, (suspension or no suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus,) by the Constitution
of the United States, they are entitled to—a
speedy trial according to the law of the land, and
the verdietof their peers for offenses known to the
laws—not continuous, indefinite imprisonment at
! ih© will of the executive power for an offense
