30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
which the law does not recognize, but which rests
solely in the discretion of the Secretary of War
or the President, No Government can be a free
Government in which the mere will of one indi-
vidual, or of those to whom he delegates author-
ity, without any known offense prescribed by
law as wrong, is allowed to detain a citizen in
prison indefinitely.
Mr- SHERMAN. Mr. President, I fear the
Senate in its dislike for traitors, and those who
sympathize with them, is about to commit an act
of indiscretion. In my judgment, the proper mode
of disposing of this class of questions is to adopt
all resolutions of inquiry that are offered in good
faith by any Senator desiring information as to
the cause of the arrest of any individual. It is
the duty of the President, under the Constitution,
to communicate to Congress all information affect-
ing the state of the Union. It is the every day
practice of both Houses of Congress to call upon
the executive officers, and the President, for in-
formation; not only that affecting our legislation,
but all that affects the state of the Union. It is
by this power of inquiry only, that we can ar-
raign the Executive for his acts before the bar of
public opinion; and the people of the United States
have a right to all the information relating to any
act of discretion on the part of the Executive, m
order that they may judge whether the Executive
,has performed his full duty. The Senate and
House of Representatives have always been jeal-
ous of their right to call upon the Executive for
information, not only as to that upon which they
legislate, but as to all matters which affect the
safety of the Union,'and the safety, property, and
character of any portion ofthe people of the United
States. It is for the reason that I believe it expe-
dient promptly to vote for every resolution of in-
quiry into the cause of the arrest of any citizen,
offered by any Senator in good faith, on a state-
ment made by him that he believes that the citizen
arrested is unlawfully or unjustly detained, and
that he is a loyal citizen. Guided by this view of
the question, I shall vote for the resolution.
The remark made by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, that we are loading down our executive
officers, I think, comes with very little force, be-
cause with very little labor performed by a clerk,
this information can be communicated to us; and
let me say to my political friends that unless this
information is given to us, we shall have to try
these cases of arrest before the people of the Uni-
ted States upon the ex parte statements made by
our political opponents, and I, for one, desire, in
order to defend the Administration, that we shall
have the facts in every case of arrest.
It cannot be denied that these arrests have deeply
affected the public mmd. So much clamor had
been made that many honest people have been led
to very erroneous conclusions as to the legality
and nature of them. They are dragged into the
political canvass, and we must be prepared to sus-
tain them by facts and arguments, clearly showing
their legality and necessity, or we shall strengthen
those who seek to divide our people and cripple
the power of the Administration in dealing with
rebels.
Let us look at this controversy a little further.
The power to suspend the writ of habeas corpus is
clearly conferred by the Constitution; but it can
be exercised only in cases of insurrection or in-
vasion, when the public safety requires it. Is this
a legislative or an executive power r This is not
specifically answered in the Constitution, and
therefore has given rise to able and ingenious com-
mentaries. Our attention was called to this ques-
tion at the extia session by the opinion of the
Attorney General that the President had this
power, and by the actual exercise of it by his
proclamation suspending the writ in certain dis-
tricts. I formed and expressed the opinion at an
early period of that session that this power was
purely a legislative power, to be exercised by Con-
gress wuh the approval of the President. This
opinion has been strengthened by subsequent re-
flection, by the able criticisms of lawyers and
statesmen which the discussion has elicited, and
by the decisions of some of the courts. It is ap-
parent from the context in which this power is
found that the framers of the Constitution classed
it with the delegated powers of Congress. In its
nature it is a legislative power. It is entirely dis-
tinct from the power to repel an invasion or sup-
press an insurrection. That is a military pow*r 
to be executed with force. But the power to sus-
pend a writ, to regulate writs, to furnish reme-
dies to protect the personal rights of the citizen,
and to suspend the operation of such laws, is in
its nature a power to be exercised by the Legisla-
ture. In suppressing an insurrection, the military
power can be only used in the face of and against
armed insurgents; while an arrest or detention,
the cause of which is inquired into by the writ of
habeas corpus, is a civil proceeding that may occur
in a State or district remote from the insurrection.
These powers are distinct and separate; the one
legislative, and the other executive. Congress
alone can, in ease the habeas corpus writ is sus-
pended, prescribe the mode in which the arrest
may be made, whether by a civil or military force,
what mode of examination may be substituted
for the usual examination before the civil judge,
and all the guards and checks indispensable to
prevent abuses.
Rut, sir, this difference need no longer enter
into this discussion. Roth Congress and the Pres-
ident have concurred in the suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus during this rebellion. The Pres-
ident exercised the power by proclamation,and
Congress, by an act, recognized and approved it,
and thus made the act of the President its own.
We have the legislation of the last session recog-
nizing the suspension of the habeas corpus, and
thus the power clearly delegated by the Consti-
tution is exercised by both Congress and the Pres-
ident. A great rebellion is upon us, the writ, of
habeas corpus is suspended, and the only question
remaining is in what individual cases the public
safety demands the arrest of a-citizen without the
privilege of a hearing into the causes of his arrest.
These cases must be decided by the President un-
der such limitations as are prescribed by law.
Sir, this is a fearful power—a power so danger-
ous to the liberties of the citizen, a power so
dreaded even in countries where kings and nobles
presciibe lows for the people, that no people will
submit to the exercise of this power except m
clear cases where the danger is imminent. No
arrest should be made of any citizen in a loyal
State unless there is no other remedy, and where
an immediate arrest is demanded by the public
safety. In the case stated by the SenatoV from
New Hampshire, every loyal citizen would say
that the Government should have arrested and de-
tained the person who fired upon our flag and
openly endeavored to interfere with the execution
of the law. So in the case of the Maryland Legis-
lature, where the President believed that certain
gentlemen were conspiring to overthrow the Gov-
ernment, not probably by open force, but by the
exercise of their powers as members of the Legis-
lature. I believe the President would have been
wanting in his duty to his country if he had not
arrested those men and detained them, at least
until he defeated their disloyal and treasonable
purpose.
I feel bound to say that many of the arrests that
have been made in the country have been injurious
only to those who made them. I believe the party
whose agents have made these arrests have suf-
fered more from this cause than from any other.
It is easy to appeal to the sympathy ofthe masses
of the people for the right of personal liberty, and
any infringement of that right will naturally ex-
cite sympathy for the individual and opposition
to the person who exercises that power. The
power to arrest, which I believe the President is
now clothed with by the act of Congress, should
never be exercised in any case except where the
facts are so plain that any patriotic man will say
that the facts justify the arrest. And whenever
exercised, the accusation and the facts justifying
the arrest should be made public.
Sir, I behove that in nearly every case it will be
found that these arrests have been made for good
cause, under circumstances which demanded
them. It is the duty of the Administration, not
only for the sake of the country, but for the sake
ofthose who support and sustain the Government,
to furnish the facts, so that we can take every case
and justify that case by the facts; and if the Presi-
dent of the United States exercises this dangerous
and alarming power lightly, on frivolous grounds,
Congress ought to deprive him of the power
granted by its legislation.
That there have been unlawful and indefensi-
ble arrests no one denies. If they have been ac-
cidentally made, or upon false information, the
executive officers ought to be relieved from ah
blame. Some of these arrests, however, cannot
be justified in that way. Look at the arrest made
the other day by General Wool of a committee
of loyal citizens of the State of Maryland, who
were hurried off without noticte and put in Fort
Delaware, and there confined with rebel prison-
ers. But, sir, I do not choosc to select cases
where arrests have been improperly made. Of
the very few arrests made in Ohio, most of them
resulted only in evil to the party that made the
arrests. One of the most noted cases was that
of Edson B. Olds, a man comparatively without
influence. The language uttered by him was dis-
graceful and discreditable, but it fell utterly harm-
less and impotent; but bn account of the arrest he
has been crowned a martyr, and now has been
elected a member of our State Legislature by a
very large party majority.
I say to my political friends that we cannot af-
ford these arrests; they should not be made ex-
cept where the facts are so glaring thatwhen they
are stated to us here by the Secretary of War,
every one of us will say he did right in making
the arrest. We ought, in justice to ourselves and
to our constituents, to demand of the Secretary
of War a reason in every case for the arrest made.
I have that confidence in the President of th<i
United States, who I believe is thoroughly hon-
est and patriotic, and who would deprive no man
of his liberty without good cause, and I have that
confidence in the Secretary of War to believe,
especially since this subject has been made the
object of public inquiry, that they will not make
an arrest except for cause that in the opinion of
every loyal Senator would justify the arrest.
Congress neglected its duty in not, at the first ses-
sion after the opening of this rebellion, author-
izing in terms, by law, the suspension of the writ
1 of habeas corpus, and imposing conditions upon
I arrests, requiring the cause of the arrest to bo re-
! ported to Congress in each case, and requiring an
I examination by a military or other court. The
power to suspend the writ of habeas corpus should
only be exercised with all the guards that can be
thrown by wise legislation around it. Such a
power uncurbed, unregulated, and unchecked,
would make this Government a despotism worse
than England ever was, worse than France was
in the time when lettres de cachet were used for
the arrest of citizens, and they were confined in
dungeons for forty years. The power to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus, while it must be
exercised in certain cases for the public safety,
ought to be so guarded by legislation that no op-
pressive act to the citizen can be done, and in
every case of an unlawful arrest the legislation of
Congress ought to require that the person mak-
ing the arrest should make a formal report to
Congress, so that we and our constituents might
judge whether the necessity justified the arrest.
When the privileges of this writ are once sus-
pended, every protection should be thrown around
the accused. If it is not expedient for any reason
to have an open trial upon a criminal accusation
for an offense charged against the individual, then
there ought to be a military examination by a
board of officers, or by some one who could in-
quire into the reality ofthe charges and the ground
for making them. But, sir, I fear that some of these
arrests have been made upon loose ex parte affi-
davits, upon sometimes groundless suspicion, and
thus the Government of the United States has
been made to commit acts of oppression. If but
one case of this kind has occurred out of the many
arrests that have been made, it shows the neces-
sity of throwing around the exorcise of this dan-
gerous and alarming power the greatest possible
checks that can be devised by Congress I trust,
therefore, that this debate will do good, that it will
call our attention to a duty that has thus far been
neglected. The honorable Senator who is the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary pro-
posed to pass such a bill as that to which i have
alluded, but that bill was defeated on account of
the doubt as to whether this was an executive or a
legislative power. I trust, however, that Congress
will throw around the suspension of thiS'Writ,
which has been acquicsced in thus far by Con-
gress, all the guards, all the restraints, all the limit-
ations, all the checks which the honorable Sena-
J tor from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] or any other
JS who has paid attention to this subject,may devise.
• Wh^n a man is arrested and is kept in custody
