1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and is denied the privilege of bjail, let him at least
have a military examination, to see whether his
arrest was made upon probable cause. If his lib-
erty is not consistent with the safety of our coun-
try,let him at least be'protected in the rights which
are given even to person charged with willful
murder who is denied the privilege of bail. Let
him have a speedy examination, a fair hearing, be-
fore an impartial tribunal. Let him at least be
heard; and when arrested, let it be for a cause so
grave that the arrest will continue until the close
of this rebellion, or he is punished for his offense
by military or civil law.
• Sir, popular opinion has been excited against
these arrests more from the manner in which the
prisoners have been discharged than from any
sympathy with traitors. Men have been arrested,
held for two or three weeks, and then discharged.
They go back to the people among whom they
have lived; they say, " here I have been arrested
by a military power without any accusation; 1 do
not know for what; 1 have lived upon bread and
water in Port Delaware or Fort Warren, and I
do not know for what; no man has accused me;
I am kept awhile, detained from my business and
my home, and then I am sent back to my home
without any accusation against me." Why, sir,
this mode ofdischarging prisoners, oppressive and
dangerous in its character, has drawn the public
odium upon these military arrests. Sir, when a
citizen is arrested, it should be upon the gravest
cause, and he should not be discharged from that
custody except for a like causc, unless lie shows,
not only by an oath, which is but lip service, but
by some positive act, that he is willing to be a
true and faithful citizen of the United States; if
a man be arrested at all, he should be detained
until, in the mode prescribed by law, he is dis-
charged either for want of sufficient cause, or be-
cause the public danger which led to his arrest
had passed awaj', or until this rebellion had been
subdued and the war thus ended.
The loose manner in which these discharges
have been made has excited public hostility, and
we must be prepared to meet it. I therefore re-
peat to my fellow-Senators that, in my judgment,
the best mode to meet this question is to pass all
the resolutions that maybe offered by any Sena-
tor. Let us have this information. If the arrests
are justified by the facts stated in each particular
case, then there is the justification placed upon
the record for the benefit of the Secretary of War,
and of all who may have made the arrests. If the
arrests have been unfounded, and on weak or
frivolous pretexts or pretenses, it is but right that
the citizen should know to whom he is indebted
for the involuntary and arbitrary confinement in
a military prison. In either view of the .case,
justice, good faith, good policy to ourselves, to
our party, to our country, to our fellow-citizens,
demands that the cause of the arrest, in each case,
should be placed upon the records of the country,
because the arrest has already fixed a stain, and
will for all time to come, upon these men, who,
by the very fact of the arrest, are declared traitois
to their country, or men who sympathize with
treason. If they are guilty, that impress ought
to be indelibly stamped upon the record of the
country by some official report made in their par-
ticular case, showing why they weie arrested. If
theyare innocent,their children, their wives, their
neighbors, and themselves, have a right to know
the facts to show that they were improperly and
injuriously arrested.
Mr. President, this Senate will not consider a
graver question than this. It will notconsidera
question that is more fixed on the public mind
than this. I believe that a great deal of undue
clamor has been made by partisans against the
Administration on the ground of these arrests;
but if it has been so, it lias been because of the
manner of the arrests and the manner in which
the men arrested have been discharged, the failure
to give them an examination, and to make public
the causes of the arrests. These are the reasons
why the clamor has been made. I know that in
the canvass in our own State, and gentlemen from
Indiana and Pennsylvania and New York say to
me that these arrests, sometimes made in secret
for frivolous and unimportant matter, sometimes
for foolish and bad language, sometimes for good
cause, have been made the occasion of eloquent
declamation. Every person who has heard the
story of these pretended wrongs lias sympathized '
with probably a guilty man, simply because that
guilty man has not had a chance of a fair trial be-
fore some tribunal, or because the facts which led
to his arrest have not been made public. I do not
care who desires an inquiry, if a Senator will
in his place say that one of his constituents has
been deprived of his liberty, and that he believes
he has been unjustly deprived of that liberty, that
he desires to know the cause why he is detained
in a military prison, we are bound to give him that
information. If you do not do it, what will be the
consequence? You may be the cause of an injus-
tice without a remedy and without any limit of
duration except life itself. Wo know very well
that they cannot appeal to the courts, becausc the
very attempt to appeal to the courts might create
an armed controversy between State and national
authority.
In the future the danger is still more imminent
than it has been in the past. In the past, in the
fresh enthusiasm of the people, in their zeal and
earnestness to sustain the Administration and to
prosecute the war, they have probably allowed a
great many things to pass unnoticed that they
will not in the future. Hereafter you will have
men to call you to strict account for every act even
of lawful seizure. Let us be prepared to defend
every act with full information given to us in an
official form, so that when any Senator here says,
"my constituent has been arrested and held un-
lawfully in your military prison," you can turn
him to the record and say, " that citizen fired upon
the flag of his country; that citizen openly pre-
vented the enlistment of volunteers to defend that
flag; that citizen committed this or that crime."
And, sir, when we are able thus to defend the
Administration for every arrest made by it, we
can go before the people of our country and de-
mand their sympathy, their aid, their support in
the prosecution of the war; but if we waste the
enthusiasm of our people and allow these side
issues to lead us oif into collateral disputes about
unlawful violence and unlawful force, we take
from ourselves strength that we want to use against
the common enemy. Everything that tends to
divide us, to distract us, to divide our people into
parties and classes, to excite sympathy against
the Government, or anger against the Govern-
ment, whether well orill founded,weakensus,and
thus deprives us of strength which it is necessary
for us to use in order to put down this rebellion.
Mr. President, I know I have feebly, perhaps
too earnestly, expressed my convictions. I can
only repeat, that no resolution can be offered in
the Senate calling for any information in regard
to any arrest that I will not cheerfully and cor-
dially vote for, with the full confidence, however,
that when the information comes to us the facts
will show, in nearly all the cases, that the arrest
was justified by the act of Congress, and under
the power claimed by the President and sanctioned
by Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, as I do
not see the practical good that is to arise from the
adoption of this lcsoiution in the present stage of
our proceedings, I shall be inclined to vole either
to lay it on the table, or, if a vote comes upon us
pnss;ige, against its passage; and lest I might be
misunderstood in giving that vote, I will in a
word state why I take that view of it.
My own views upon this subject have been ex-
pressed to the Senate. I have thought that these
arrests, in the manner in which they have been
made, have been unfortunate and impolitic, to say
nothing; about the question whetherthey were le-
gal or illegal. Upon that question there is a great
diversity of opinion in the country. The better
opinion, as has been stated here to-day, among
judges and lawyers and constitutional commenta-
tors, surely is that the wiit of habeas corpus was
never intended by the Constitution to be suspend-
ed except in pursuance of an act of Congress.
The courts have so held, judges have so stated,
commentators have so written, and not a commen-
tator can be found, who has written on the Con-
stitution before this rebellion, who ever disputed
that proposition. There is great diversity of
opinion in the country now.
Sir, it is not, as the Senator from Massachu-
setts supposes, leniency for traitors that makes8
the people of this country jealous of the exercise
of a power that shall infringe upon the liberty of
the citizen. In the case that he puts of the man
who was arrested for manufacturing rifle caps for
rebels, he not only should have been arrested,-but
he should have been placed upon his triaVand*
if convicted, should have been hung-. It is -not
from sympathy with traitors; but it-is because
many believe that this is the exercise of an arbL*
trary and unnecessary power in an arbitrary and-
unnecessary manner. TJiere is great feeling upon
this subject in the country; there is great feeling
in my State; and while I think there may have
been arrests in that State which have done good,
I am well satisfied that there have been arrests
there that have been fraught with great injury to"
the* Administration and to the country; and I say
to my friend from Massachusetts, who glories in
these things, there is great danger ahead unless
some regulation is made on this subject. The
House of Representatives at the lastsession passed
a bill upon this subject, and I agree with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts when he says that Con-
gress has been derelict. That bill is upon our table.
It was sent to the Judiciary Committee at the last
session of Congress; it was reported back to this
body with a i*ccommendation that it pass; it was
considered here, and various amendments were
made tp it, some of them of importance; but it
was very near the close of the session, and there
was not time to act finally upon it; and it is be-
cause that bill is pending, and because I believe
that some law is necessary on this subject, that I
shall vote to dispose of this resolution with a view
of calling up that bill, having it reprinted with
the amendments which have been adopted in the
Senate, which are quite numerous, so that every
person will understand it, and then I trust wc s'hall
have the cooperation of the Senators from Dela-
ware in passing a law that shall make it legal to
arrest men who are conspiring against the Gov-
ernment, which shall provide for their arrest; and
that we shall have no more complaints that such
arrests are made by executive authority alone,
and without the authority of law.
To call for the testimony upon which every per-
son has been arrested in the United States, as is
proposed by this resolution, and as the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] says he would be for,
I think would burden the records of the Senate
with a vast amount of matter which we could not
consider here. When the report is made what
can we do? Wecannotuponthatreportdischarge
the person. The bill which passed the House
of Representatives,and which I trust will rece'ivj^
the favorable consideration of the Senate, makes
provision for discharging persons under certain
circumstances, and foi holding them under other
circumstances. But, sir, the resolution will be
fraught with no practical good. I do not see what
legislation is to be based upon it when we have
the answer,other than such as we now have before
us. I therefore would propose to dispose of this
resolution and let the discussion, if one is to be
had, take place upon the bill,upon something which
is practical; and with that view I am willing to
lay this resolution upon the table; and unless
somebody desires to speak upon it I make that mo-
lion, and if it succeeds I will move to take up the
bill from the House of Representatives.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me,
I desire to address the Senate briefly upon this
resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not make the mo-
tion to lay it on the table after the discussion that
has taken place, if the Senator from Kentucky
wishes to speak upon the resolution. But it seems
to me that the whole subject would be open upon
the bill, which is a practical question, and our
discussion would be more profitable upon the bill
itself; but each Senator will judge of that of courso
for himself. I will state, then, that when this
resolution is disp'osed of, and I can have an op-
portunity to do so, I shall move to take up House
bill No. 362, and ask to have it reprinted with
the amendments which have been adopted in the
Senate; and I give notice that atari early day I
will call the attention of the Senate to it, with a
view to urge its passage.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to state briefly to the
Senate the reasons why I shall vote for the reso-
lution under consideration. A great deal of the
speech of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
met my most hearty approval: but the position
taken by him, and by the Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Field,] that the suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus has anything to do with ar-
ietta, is a doctrine new to me. Both of those Sena-
