1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
ton. which is neaiept vou, a certified abstract of the vote of
said town-hip foi Con«ie-&, and to send the same, together
with charge-, to me at this place immediately.
Very truly, your friend,
J LE GRAND BYINGTON.
Hon. Laurel Summers, Le Claire, Iowa.
The gentleman claimed to know that large num-
bers of votes were given to him in the precincts
of Pleasant Valley, Princeton, and Blue Grass,
but is informed by Mr. Summers, in his reply,
that very few votes were cast for him. That is the
success with which the gentleman met in his hunt
after lost votes. He commenced his search more
than a year ago, but finding he could make noth-
ing out of it, gave it up and presented to the com-
mittee two or throe letters from different parties,
with the remark that he only presented enough to
show that some votes cast for him had not been
returned, and asked the committee to conclude
that a very lauge number must have been cast for
him in alt the counties from winch no returns were
made. That such was the fact, however, there
is no proof, nor do I believe there were anymore
votes cast for the gentleman than he has presented
to the committee. He has bestowed too much
labor on tins case to have failed to ascertain and
present to the committee every vote cast for him.
Mr. Speaker, the facts which I have stated must
convince every mind that the electors of the sec-
ond congressional district of Iowa did not believe
that a legal election for Representative in Con-
gress could be held by them in 1861. They knew
there was no vacancy in the representation, and
that the election held in October, 18G0, was legal
and complete. Hud tiiis not been their beliet in
the premises, they would have settled the ques-
tion in such manner as to have precluded the pos-
sibility of a contest in this body. The electors of
that district never let an election go by default.
For many years they have steadily presented lie-
publican, majorities of grand proportions. No one
knows this better than the contestant. Since 1852
his party has always "come to grief" in that dis-
trict. The last expression given by the electors
was at the October election, 1862, with the fol-
lowing result: for the Republican candidate for
Congi ims, 32,G90 votes; for the Democratic candi-
dates for Coup-ess, 90,905; leaving a Republican
majority of 9,725; neaily throe times the number
of votes cast foi the contestant at the October elec-
tion in 1801.
Mr. Speaker, the contestant well knows that
the opinions which he entertains respecting the
contest now engaging all of the powers and re-
soutcesof the nation, are abhorred by the people
of the district he seeks <o loprcscnt. And he
knows that the people were better informed with
regard to Ins opinions thnn they were in relation
to his candidacy; for he published the former in
the public journals, while the latter was placed
under cover of secret circulars and sealed envel-
opes. Soon after she rebels fired on Fort Sumter,
and while the warm blood of the muidered Alas-
sachusetts troops was staining the streets of Balti-
more, the gentleman published in the State Piess,
a Democratic journal piinted in the city in which
he resides, a paper which he styled '* My X>ro-
test," and which f ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
.1ft/ Protest.
Mr. Editor* Tor th^ fii-t tune in tnv life I am com-
pelled todi ent fiom the resolves ol the Democracy ol my
county, [f I re,ui aright the resolution* p>i--etl hy our Lite
county eon ven t mn, oui glonous old party rue therein pledsred
to an active t-uppoir ol the unconstitutional and aiigrewve
foray by which Lincoln, tfewaid. Chase £c Co. art: about
'to visit one half the Union with fire, swoid, and famine !
It i«= my judgment that tin*  uthless crusade asam^t the
South i> a paity wai. got up by party, foi the benefit of
party—and i> simply and puiely a wicked and diabolic,U
attempt of abolition Republican lenl< rs to piopmjate and
establish then pen dogma-, at the pomtot the ba\oner
Instead of henii? a war on behalf ol the Union, it i- detrac-
tive of it> fundamental puncipie, and the only mean-, un-
der heaven, bv winch t'ie Union can be uttnly deitioyerf
For twenty-five \ ears ! have breasted tins abolition fanat-
icism which undetHc* the •• Republican" organization,and
have continuously abated luv solemn con vie tions that it>
official installation at Wa-himrton would -uhvei t the L mon
of the State?; and now, that its, consummation is upon us,
and its fell spirit is about to piccipitate upon our country
the direst calamity winch human aaeney can inflict. We are
modestly invited to sin render lite-long conviction^, and
help to >well the chorus of a merciless partisan war upon
our own coumiymen, under tiie flunky pretext that the ex-
istence of the Government is endangered !
Otters may eiy aloud for war, war, and pat Mr. Lincoln
on tiiebaeU,"when he usurps tne war making power, and
with a .-troke of the pen summon* one hundred and *.i*ty
thousand aimed men as n.posse comitatus ! ! and adds twen-
ty-five thousand to the regular Jinny!!! and blockades
the port* of States which arc within the Union ! I! while
he purposely postpones the meeting of Congress until he
can get aii his war machinery into operation!! I But for
myself, I liavo nothing hut reprobation for the political
scoundrels who have deliberately staked the sectional [Re-
publican party against the peace and unity of the nation,
and are fast converting our constitutional Republic into a
monster military despotism.
LE GRAND BYINGTON.
Mr. BYINGTON. _ I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether lie considers that paper as having
anything to do with the issue in this case?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; the issue is, whether
in case the House should decide that a vacancy
exists in the representation of Iowa, you weie
fairly elected to fill the vacancy; and 1 propose
to show that no man entertaining the opinions con-
tained in this protest could have been elected by.
any fair means.
Mr. COX. What is the date of that paper?
Mr. WILSON. May 22, 1861.
Mr. YOORHEES. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir. I decline to yield.
This protest was called out by the action of the
Democratic county convention held in the city of
the gentleman's residence. The convention passed
resolutions which expressed warm sympathy with
the Government in the contest on which it was
about to enter. Loyalty ruled theconvention,and
! the gentleman issued his protest, and it soon be-
| came known to all the people of the district and
! State.
Mr. BYINGTON. The gentleman will do me
the justice to say that the Democratic party of
that county have in a subsequentconvention come
to my platform, instead of my coming to them.
Mr. WILSON. So much the worse for them.
If they have accepted the principles expressed by
the gentleman in that protest, then they occupy
a position creditable to no man or party. His
party may be with him, but loyal Democrats ac-
cept no such position. It is nothing but hostility
to the Government; it means nothing but opposi-
tion to every measure inaugurated by the Gov-
ernment for crushing the rebellion. A nd yet, with
> such a record as that, ihe gentleman chums that
j he went before the. people of a congressional dis-
j tnct who, as the last election retains show, pro-
| nounced against him and his principles by 9,725
j majority,and wasduly and legally elncted a mem-
j ber of this House. Sir, the whole case is a false
i pretense and an unblushing sham, which a year's
| preparation has not been able to disguise.
! Mr. Speaker, without wasting the time of this
! body to meet and refute the baseless charge which
, the contestant mak< s against my colleague [Mr.
j Vandeylr] in relation to the matter of drawing
| double pay—a charge which the gentleman knows
: has been exploded long ago-—I am content to leave
! the case to the judgment of the House. We have
i nsoie important matters to attend to, and the case
] is not enticed to more consideration than it has
! received. 'The contestant has piesented his case
! in an argument which is the lesult of a year's la-
i bor. He has had a patient and attentive hearing.
| I have presented a few facts which I believe an-
! swer fully his labored argument, so far as it relates
j to the questions involved in the pending resolu-
| tions. The House is in possession of the whole
11 case; and in order that we may proceed to the con-
i i sidoiation of the important husineRs which awaits
j; our attention, I demand the previous question on
ij the resolutions.
|l The pievious question was secondrd, and the
\\ mam question ordeied; and under the operation
!, thereof the House rejected the amendment of the
i! gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] as follows:
:1 Resolved, That William \ andevei wtu not elected amem-
ber of this Ilou-e lor the second congressional di^tiieiof
: Iowa.
Resolved, That Le Giand Bvumtou was duly elected a
: member ol "this lions'; for the .-et-oud congressional district
11 oi Iowa.
<■ Mr. VOORHEES mov. d to xeconsider the vote
;j by which the amendment was rejected.
"Mr BINGHAM moved that the motion tore-
j; consider h , laid upon the table.
!■ Mr.VOORIIEES demanded the yeas and nays.
!: The yeas and nays were ordered.
j! The question was taken; and it was decided in
\i the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 28; as follows:
l! YEAS—Messrs. Aldrieh, Alley, Arnold, Babluit, Biul>.
j i Baker. Baxter, Beuman. Bingham, Samuel S. Blmr. Blake,
ij Buflinton, Calvert, Chamberlain, Claik, Colfax, Fredrick
11 A. Conkhng, ttoscoe Conklmg, Ciisrield, Cutler, Davis,
'> Dawes, Delano, Edgerton, Edwards, Ehor, E!>,Fenton,
Samuel U. Fessemten. Tlromas A. D. Fessemlen, Fisher,
Franchot, Frank, Gooch, Goodwin, Ilanitson, Hooper, fclor-
ton, Hutching Keiley, Lansing, Loomis, Lovejoy, Low,
MeKoan, McKnight, MoPhor^on, Mitchell, Moo rhead, Jus-
tin S. Morrill, Nooli, Patton, Timothy G. Phelps,-Pike',
Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, John II. Hice, Riddle,. Sargent,
Sedgwick, Segar, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger, Sher-
man, Sloan, SpauhUny, Stevens, Stratton, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Trimble. Trowbridge, Van Horn, Van Valkeit-
burgli, Wads worth, Walker, Wallace, Webster, Wheeler,
Albeit S. White, Wilson. Windom, and Wore esters—84.
NAYS—Messrs. William Allen, Ancona, William.G.
Brown, Cox, Cravens, Grider, Hall, Harding, JolmsoBj
Kerrigan, Knapp, Law, Mallory, May,Noble, Nugen, Pen-
dleton, Price, Rohmson, Shlel, Smith, John B. Steely
Stiles, Voorhees, Chilton-A. White, Wickliffe, Woodruff,
and Teaman—2?.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The question then recurred on Mr. Dawes's
motion, that the Committee of Elections be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the me-
morial of Lg Grand Byington, claiming a seat in
the House from the second congressional district
of Iowa; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to; and moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion waa agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An net (S. No. 477) for the relief of Cyrus
Clapp and his guarantors or sureties;
An act (S. No. 313) for the relief of John Cra-
dlebaugh; and
An act (S. No. 338) for the relief of Joseph W
Dyer, Ansel L. Dyer, and William W. Dyer.
AIK LINE RAILItOAD.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I ask unanimous
consent to report, from the selectcommitteeon the
subject of a postal and military road between the
city of New York and the city of Washington,
a hill on that subject, accompanied by a report. 1
ask that the bill and report be printed, and the
bill recommitted to the committee.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I object.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
has not heard all I have to say. 1 desire, in be-
■ half of the committee, leave to print and recom-
mit, that all may have opportunity to examine
the bill and the conclusions the committee have
reached in their report; and for the last ten days
we have vainly endeavored to obtain leave; and
if the opponents shall continue to object, the com-
mittee will fe«l compelled, when reached in the
regular order, to call the previous question, and
put it on its passage.
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mi. MORRILL, of Vermont, by unanimous
consent, moved that House bill No. 659, to pro-
vide ways and means for the support of the Gov-
ernment, with the amendments of the-Scnate, be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
personal explanation. Permission wasgr.ensome
days ago to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Rid-
dle] to print a speech, and in that speech, as
piinted in the Globe, i find the following para-
graph:
11 It was to be expected that Pennsylvania would opposo
it solid, although she, too, re^N upon the lake?. Nothing
traverses her soil fiom which **he does not rx.u t tribute.
And her citizens lor a whole winter, wiih aims in their
! hnnd.s iccently foiced the whole traveling North to patron-
■ ize her peanut-venders at Eric, tho place where peny's fleet
; was built. Tiie nation ha-? cheerfully snap- d it- policy to
; develop her le-'omces. Hereoal and lion ate exempt even
J honi taxation ; and yet her ItepieMmtanve* stand heiethe
j ' gob!in> of the mine';,'a stupid, inert mas* ol M'Ifi-h ob-
j Minaey. to wall up ihe way of this gieat measme. We say
to Pennsylvania, loo, we hide otir time.''
Now, Mr. Speaker, I denounce the use of such
i language as m violation of the romteyy rxtended
; to him, as an atrocious libel upon the citizens of
: a great State, as an unworthy and unjustifiable
i imputation upon the motives of members of this
House. Besides, it falsely states that the great
staples of Pennsylvania are free from taxation.
Sir, I repel the insult,and pronounce the author
a hbeler.
