84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
, December 9,
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir; questions of guilt
Or innocence are never tried on a habeas corpus.
Mr. POW.ELL. In some class of cases the
guilt or innocence may be inquired into. So far as
the record shows guilt or innocence, it is a proper
inquiry.
Mr. COLLAMER. They require a jury.
Mr, POWELL. Upon a habeas corpus the facts
in the record which go to show the guilt or inno-
cence of the party are before the court, and upon
them they may decide whether he is rightfully or
wrongfully imprisoned. If from the facts in the
record it appears he is guilty, he is rightfully im-
prisoned; if innocent, he is wrongfully impris-
oned, and is let go free. In the inquiry arising
upon habeas corpus the guilt or innocence of the
party, to some extent in a certain class of cases,
is necessarily looked into.
Mr.COLLAMER. Ifa/ta&eascorpus is brought
to relieve a man charged with murder, does that
habeas corpus enable the judge or court, before
whom it is brought, to try in any way whether
that man is guilty of the murder or not ?
Mr. POWELL. I am astonished that so good
a lawyer as the Senator from Vermont should ask
such a question. We know that it is not the func-
tion of a judge before whom a prisoner is brought
on a writ of habeas corpus, to try him and pass
judgment upon him. He can only be tried by a
jury. The judge, however, on the return of the
habeas coiyus, inquires into the cause of the arrest,
and if on all the facts that are developed in the
record the presumptions are that lie is guilty, the
judge sends him oack to confinement, and if it
appears that he is innocent, he is allowed to go
free. The judge may incidentally inquire into the
facts in the class of cases to which I have alluded,
though he docs not do so for the purpose of in-
flicting punishment. But, Mr. President, I wish
to ask the Senator from Vermont a question if he
will allow me to do so. My question is, whether
the legitimate suspension of the writ of habeas cor-
pus, authorizes the President of the United States
to arrest and imprison a man? I wish the Senator
to answer that question, for that is the gist of the
whole point I make.
* Mr. COLLAMER. To answer that question,
the gentleman will have to indulge me in some
preliminary remarks.
Mr. POWELL. With great pleasure. I only
wish to develop the opinions of the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. Upon a writ of habeas cor-
pus brought before a judge or court to relieve a
man from an alleged unlawful imprisonment, the
only question which can be entertained is whether
the process by which the man was imprisoned
was it legal one, not whether he is guilty or inno-
cent of the offense; that is a question which can
be tried only by a traverse jury. The whole ques-
tion is whether the preccpt by which the man is
said to be holden, and which the offtcer is directed
to return with the body, is a legal precept to hold
him. If it is, there is the end of the inquiry. If
it is a legal precept, issued by competent author-
ity, to hold the man for the offense charged, he
must be remanded, whether he is guilty or inno-
cent; the judge has nothing to do with that ques-
tion then. If it is not issued by competent au-
thority, if it is not a legal precept sufficient in itself
upon its face to hold the man for the purposes for
which it is granted, he must be released. In most
of the States, by statute, if the man is imprisoned
for a bailable offense, the judge may take bail.
That, however, does not relieve the party from
the obligation to stand his trial. That is all there
is of the habeas corpus, the whole extent of its
powerforanything which now occursto my mind,
and I believe I have been pretty familiar with it
for a great while.
The other question which the gentleman puts
is, can the President imprison a man ? In regard
to that, I will say that when a habeas corpus is
brought before a court, on the return of the pre-
(jept with the body, and the fact being shown that
the habeas corpus is suspended, which is a fact the
judge may not judicially know, if the judge finds
that in this case it has been constitutionally sus-
pended, that is the end of the inquiry; he does
not inquire whether the President or the justice
of the peace or the magistrate has done the thing
right or wrong. If the offense with which the
party is charged is of a nature, if the precept
charges an offense of such a nature that the habeas
corpus is suspended for, there is an cud to the in-
quiry; the suspension is of itself operative, and
the judge has nothing more to say about it. That
is the state of the case, as 1 understand.
Now, in relation to the suspension of the
habeas corpus, the very fact that by the Consti-
tution it may be suspended—without going now
into the inquiry by whom that may be done, leav-
ing that question just as the gentleman leaves it,
not saying whether it must be done by an act of
legislation or by the Executive—if the habeas cor-
pus is-suspended pursuant to the Constitution,
that implies that men may be imprisoned unlaw-
fully. It would not need a suspension of the
habeas corpus to imprison a man lawfully.
If men could be imprisoned lawfully for these
political offenses, they would remain in prison
even if the habeas corpus was not suspended; but
the habeas corpus Is suspended to enable men to be
imprisoned who could not otherwise be impris-
oned. That is the only purpose of it. Now, I
do not understand that the habeas coiyus being sus-
pended, suspends it m relation to everything and
everybody, in relation to matters of meum and
tuum, questions between man and man. It is only
suspended in regard to political subjects relating
to that war or rebellion about which the Consti-
tution speaks. If the President may suspend it
by proclamation, he must state in his proclama-
tion that he suspends it in relation to this sort of
offenses, not that men may be imprisoned for
other matters by other people and on various
other subjects which have nothing in the world
to do with this subject of suspension about which
the Constitution talks. The Constitution has au-
thorized it to be suspended of and concerning a
war and rebellion, and not anything else, and
when it is suspended either by Congress, if they
ought to do it, or by the President acting under
theirdirection, or of himself, if he has the power,
the limitations and extent to which that suspen-
sion goes must be stated.
I merely say again, that the exercise of the
power of the courts in the use and sustaining of a
habeas corpus before them is confined simply to the
question of the process by which a man is holden;
the legality of that process; and if the habeas cor-
pus is suspended in relation to that subject-mat-
ter, then the couit has no control or jurisdiction
over it.
Mr. POWELL. I think the Senator from Ver-
mont has not answered my question. He has gone
on to define the objects of the writ of habeas cor-
pus; hehasdone it very lucidly; but my question
was whether, if the writ of habeas corpus were law-
fully suspended the President was authorized to
make arrests. I differ from the Senator, if he will
allow me, about the definition he has given of the
object of the writ of habeas corpus. He says the
only object is to inquire whether the process under
which the piisoner is held is legal or not. I am
very well aware that, under the common law, the
writ of habeas corpus was more circumscribed than
it is in many of our States. It has been very much
enlarged by statute. But 1 know that you have a
right to a habeas corpus to bring persons before a
court to be released from unlawful confinement
when they are confined by no process whatever;
and consequently the Senator is too limited in his
explanation. There is a large class of persons,
infants, for instance, who are held by others; there
arc persons held by certain societies of people—
the Shakers, for example—and writs of habeas cor-
pus are allowed for such persons, though they are
not held by virtue of any process. The writ can
be issued to bring a party before the court when-
ever he is restrained of his liberty, and the court
is not limited to an inquiry as to the legality of
the process, but inquires as to the right of the
party to hold him.
Mr. COLLAMER. The idea that a man may
be holden without process is not contemplated by
the law. The command of the writ is to bring the
! body of A B and the cause of his confinement,
i That is the cw/n causa, the great wi it. Lis not the
habeas corpus ad satisfaciendum that we aie talking
about, but the habeas corpus cum causa, and the
command of the writ is to bring the body, with
the cause of confinement.
Mr. POWELL. He may be brought with the
cause without bringing the process. If I had the
Senator's infant son in my custody, would he not
have a right to the writ of habeas corpus to inquire
into the cause of the detention, and should i not
then be at liberty to say that the son was appren-
ticed to me or to give any other good reason for
holding him ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly.
Mr. POWELL. That shows clearly that the
question is not always whether the process is le-
gal or not, because persons may be held without
process.
Mr. COLLAMER. By the word " process"
I mean not meiely technical process, but the in-
strument, the authority by which a person is
holden, let it be what it may; and that authority
is the thing to be looked into,and that only.
Mr. POWELL. Still, my excellent friend does
not answer my question. 1 should like any Sen-
ator to get up here and show me the authority of
the President or any of his Cabinet ministers to
make arrests. That is the point to which I wish
to direct attention, and I ask the country to look
right to that point.
Mr. President, I regret that I have taken so
much of the time of the Senate. I did not expect
to speak more than five minutes, but interrogato-
ries have prolonged my remarks somewhat. I
will now ask the Senate what possible harm can
result to the public weal if we pass this resolu-
tion? The Senator from Delaware asks that the
Secretary of War be directed to state to this body
by what authority two citizens of that State are
held in Port Delaware, the cause of their arrest,
&c. What harm can possibly result to the coun-
try from that? The fact is made known to the
American Senate by two honorable Senators rep--
resenting a sovereign State. They have declared
that two of their worthy constituents are Jocked
up, as they believed, without cause or process of
law, and they demand to know the authority by
which they are confined, and why it has been
done. If the Senate should refuse it, I think the
whole world would suppose we were regardless
of civil liberty and the constitutional rights of our
people. I hope such a voice will never go out
from these walls. I say here, that if any Senator
on this floor will get up and state that he believes
any one of his constituents—I care not how de-
graded a man he is—is held without cause in any
prison, and desires to inquire of the head of any
Department, or of the President, to know the
cause, I will most cheerfully vote for it. I will
do it in favor of human right and human liberty,
and I will do it because I wish to defend the con-
stitutional liberty of the citizen.
Sir, I feel a deep interest in this matter, be-
cause I have been for the last twelve months al-
most daily in the receipt of letters from the
wives, from the children, and from the fathers
and mothers of persons who have been confined
in these prisons, and frequently from those per-
sons themselves. They write to me that they
are there without cause, that they are loyal citi-
zens; that they have been arrested, they know
not for what; that they have been kept in prison
for months upon months in violation of theircon-
stitutional rights, and have asked me to procure
for them relief. Since I have been here at this
session, I have gone and demanded of the proper
authorities why certain of my constituents were
held on Johnson's Island, and I can get no ac-
curate information asto the causes of their arrest.'
i have had a resolution passed calling upon the
President to give the Senate this information.
He refused to give it at the last session. I will
tell you why I wane it, I want to know the cause
of these arrests, and I want to know the names of
the persons who made the charges upon which
the arrests were founded, with a view of iuvesti-
gatingthe facts,and ascertaining whether the par-
ties arc innocent or guilty. If they are guilty, I
want them punished. If they are innocent, I want
the prison doors opened and that they be allowed
to go free. I have never yet been able to ascer-
tain the cause of the arrest of one of my constitu-
ents, and I have demanded it in more cases than
one. I have never yet been able to get the name
of an individual who preferred charges against
them.
I wish to stop the proceedings of the infamous
set of vermin who are going through this-country
in the shape of informers,and crawling about in the
midst of society, some of them hired, perhaps, by
the Grovern merit as spies. Others are going around
venting their private spleen and their mahce upon
their neighbors. They have not the manhood
to come out openly and say," this man is a traitor;
this man is disloyal; this man has committed an
