974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
agreeing to the amend mentieported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. After the-word " midshipmen,"
in line three, I move to insert the words " be-
tween the ages of fourteen and eighteen.'* The
limitation now as to age is between fourteen and
seventeen. I propose to extend the maximum to
eighteen. I am told that it is in conformity to the
wishes of the Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I now offer another amendment,
to come in at the end of the bill:
And the States which have a less number of midshipmen
at the Naval School than they would he entitled to under
this act, shall be entitled to the fit ^nominations until they
have their proper number, ot until they are made equal in
that respect to the other States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 desire iq offer an amend-
ment to come in after the word "Territory," in
the tenth line:
And to be selected by the Senatois, Repiesentarivc, and
Delegate* on the ground ot'merit and qualification. Id be as
eertainod by an examination of the candidates, and that the
Secretary of the Navy be authorized to make the regula-
tion*: under whieh such examinations shall be conducted.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to hear an expla-
nation of that.
Mr. ANTHONY. These selections are now
made entirely by favoritism. 1 attempted at a pre-
vious session to introduce the competitive prin-
ciple in (he selection of cadets at West Point and
at the Naval Academy. It is one of those propo-
sition;) that everybody was in favor of and nobody
would vote for. Theobjection was that it would
be a great deal of trouble and that it would not be
perfectly equal, both of which objections are per-
fectly valid as far as they go. Undoubtedly it will
be more trouble to fill the Naval Academy with
the young men who in all probability will render
the best service to the country, than it will he to
take them up Imp-hazard or by the. favoritism of
the appointing power; but i subimtthai the trouble
will be worth all that it costs. The inequality can
only consist in the difference of exponas it would
requne from different young men m different parts
of a district in going to a common center, some
common point, which might be on an average of
perhaps ten dolhus. That, it seems to me, is a
very small r.trcunhstanr.e to be put against the im-
portance of securing the very best young men, the-
flower of the youth of the country. I desire that
eveiy young man who has any pretensions to en-
ter this Academy shall have his qualifications and
claims fairly considered, whether he has any favor
wtth the appointing power or not.. There is not
time now, and 1 do not feel Hufftciently familiar
with the subject, to draw up the necessary rules
and regulations, but I propose to leave that to the
Department to do; or if any Senator here will
submit the proper rules and regulations, 1 will
very cheerfully accept them.
This is done in other countries. It is done in
the Polytechnic School, which is one of the most
famous schools in the-world. There all the pupils
are admitted on the competitive system, and the
resultis that they get the Slower of tiie youth. We
reject ft om one thnd to one half ofthe cadets both
m the Naval School and at West Point. We go
on educating them for a year or two, and that
all thrown away, because person** who have no
claims or qualifications are pitchforked in there by
favoritism and political influence.
Mr. HOWE. I must say that 1 like the object
which the Senator has in v lew; but I did not really
comprehend what his object was from listening
twice to the reading uf Ins amendment; and that
leads me to fear that the purpose at which the
Senator aims will not be accomplished by adopt-
ing his amendment. My own understanding of
the amendment is, that it will place the whole
power over thesn examinations in the hands of
the Secretnty of the Navy, by giving him unlim-
ited discretion in making rules, and that when he
has made a rule these nominations must conform
to it, and that, theiefore, while you start in the
bill u ith the view of distributing the appointments
among the different States in the Union, it seems to
me the amendment offered by the Senator clothes
the Secretary of the Navy with a power in the
exercise of which he may muster them all from
u single district.
Mr. ANTHONY. That may be obviated* the
Senator will allow me, by saying, " not incon-
sistent with the provisions of this act." This act
gives the appointing power to Senators and Rep-
resentatives by districts. I modify my amend-
ment by adding, " which regulations shall not be
inconsistent with the provisions of this act."
Mr. SUMNER. Because these appointments
are conferred upon youths, or, if you please, upon
boys, it seems to me they are not regarded as of
sufficient importance. They are in reality among
the mostiniportantappointmentsconferred under
the Government. They are appointments for life,
for beginning with the youth or the boy, they end
only with life, it may be with the captain, the com-
modore, or the admiral, supported all that time at
the public expense. 1 therefore think that Gov-
ernment cannot take too much pains in securing
the best youth for this purpose. I therefore ac-
cept the idea of the Senator from Rhode Island. I
think it is practicable. X think it is important. I
hope the Senate will adopt it. It seems to me that
places of such importance ought to be given to the
most worthy; they should not be given merely ac-
cording to political favoritism; some means should
be taken in order to determine who are the most
worthy, and I know no means better than those
suggested by the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish there was some prac-
tical way of carrying out the proposition of the
Senator from Rhode Island, but 1 confess that I
am unable to see how it can be done. Take, for
instance, a State like that of which I am in part
the representative, with ninety-nine counties in
it, and every county having more or less youths
who arc desirous of being educated at the public
expense and going into the naval service. What
kind of system can the Senator or the Secretary of
tli£ Navy devise by whieh there will be a fair com-
petition among all these young men? If you as-
semble them at the State capital many of them
will be compelled to travel one or two hundred
miles to i^et there. If I have two of the appoint-
ments, therf will be two appointees to be selected
out of pei haps five hundred that will apply.' They
have to undeigo this journey, to endure the ex-
pense, in otder to pass an examination.
Tln-n, another thing: experience has demon-
strated that those who are the best scholars when
they go to the Naval Academy are not those who
graduate highest at the end. I know of some
youths from my own State who have graduated
at the head of the class, who went there, with
good,biawny constitutions, with industriousliab-
ns, and with a proper ambition. They stood at
the head of the class when they graduated, al-
though, when they entered, they were the fortieth
or fiftieth, while lads from the grammar schools
and Latin schools of the eastern cities ranked them
for the first year or two. So, Mr. President, you
cannot decide by the position a young man occu-
pies when he fust enters, or by his acquirements
at the time he enters, as to what will be the char-
acter he will make and the degree of scholarship
he will attain before he shall have reached the
period of graduation. I do not think that any
good can come of the amendment, if it be adopted,
although 1 have no idea that the bill will pass
anyhow.
Mr. ANTIIONY. The argument ofthe Senator
from Iowaamounts to this: that because we cannot
make the system perfectly equal, we will not make
it more equal than it is now. Undoubtedly, iffive
hundred young men apply for one place, they
cannot all without great inconvenience, and per-
haps they cannot all at any rate, go to the place of
examination; but some of them will come, and if
only one comes, it is then at least twice as equal
as it is to have a person selected without any refer-
ence to his qualifications or such reference as the
appointing power may choose to exercise. I do
not think this would be equal; I do not expect we
can make it equal anyhow. Nothing in the Gov-
ernment can be equal; nothing in life ran be made
equal. It is not for the purpose of making it equal
that I propose this amendment, although that cer-
tainly is an incidental object. My object is to get
the very best young men, whom we aie to educate
for the service of the country; and I do not see
how any Senator can doubt that the competitive
system, however it may lack the elements of en-
tire equality, will do something toward this. Nor
does it follow because they are to be appointed
on the competitive system, that therefore wo are
to take the boy who understands Latin and Gi^ek
the best. I suppose that the Secretary ofthe Navy
will form regulations—I would if 1 were to at-
tempt to do it—the objectof which shall be to find
out which of tbe applicants will probably make
the best officer for the service of the country, tak-
ing into consideration his physical constitution,
his mental and moral qualifications, his disposi-
tion, his aptitude for the service, and everything
which the master of a ship would enter into if he
was about to take a cabin boy with a view ofedu-
cating him so as finally to be able to command a
vessel.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The object sought by the
gentleman from Rhode Island is a very desirable
one, but it is perfectly impracticable. I should
like to inquire of him how such an amendment
could be passed without cutting off the Pacific
coast from any privileges in connection with this
institution. How could anybody be brought from
Oregon or Washington Territory, or tlfe State of
California to beexammed atAmmpolisoratNew-
port or at Washington city? Would it not be in
fact denying to the people of theextieme portions
of the country all participation in this school?
That is one reason against it. There are many
others.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will answer the Senator
if he desires me to do so. The Senator will ap-
point one midshipman under the present law. If
he gives notice that all those who desire to receive
the appointment shall meet at a certain place to
be examined, and not a single person ctfmes, he
can then appoint the one he would appointunder
the law as it now stands; so that it will be no
worse than it is now. My opinion iu that if he
gives the notice he will find young men enough
there to examine.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I suppose you will find
them from the District of Columbia, if they are
examined here; if at Newport, you will find them
from the State of Rhode Island; and if at Annap-
olis, from New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Mary-
land.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would be willing to except
California, if the State is so large that the Senator
thinks it would be an impossibility to carry out
this measure. If it is an exceptional case, I should
be willing to except it.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 should have a great deal more
confidence in my own selection of a cadet than I
would in the selection of any Secretary of the
Navy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to tbe amendment offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WALL, I ask that the amendment be
again rend.
The Secretary again read it; to insertat the end
of the bill the following:
And to be selected by the Senator?, Representatives, and
Delegate5? on the ground of meui and qualification, to be
ascertained by an examination of the candidates, and that
the Secretary ofthe Navy be authoiized to make the regu-
lations under which such examinations shall be conducted,
not inconsistent with the piovisions of this act.
Mr, GRIMES. I should like to inquire of the
Senator who is going to appoint these examiners?
Mr. ANTHONY. Each Senator, Representa-
tive, and Deh'ffate.
Mr. GRIMES. Where are they to meet?
Mr. ANTHONY. Wherever he says.
Mr. GRIMES. Who is to pay them?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think they will
require any pay. They ought not to have any
pay. Service of this kind that is rendered with-
out pay is generally worth more than that which
is paid.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Senator. If the examination is to be made
in each district from which a selection is to be
made by the member, there will be comparatively
a small region of country to assemble in, but if
they are going to assemble for the selection of
each member and each Senator, 1 do not know
but that you would assemble all the boys in the
State.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; if they choose
to come, let them.
Mr.COLLAMER. And when they get through
the examination, I suppose they must take .one of
them. Suppose there are half a dozen candidates
from one district, and none at all from another
