1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
97S:
district; when tliov are examined, are they to take
from that half dozen one for the other district;
and which is the Senator to select from?
Mr. ANTHOjN Y. I understand the law re-
quires that one shall be selected from each district.
The senatorial appointment will be selected from
the State at large, of course.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then they would liav.- 10
examine all the boys of the State for that appoint-
ment ?
Mr. ANTHONY. All that chose to come.
Mr. COLLAMER. They are to have u meet-
ing in each district, and then another meeting in
the State.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes; and I think the sub-
ject is of sufficient importance to have them.
Mr. COWAN. 1 should like to know by what
rule tho Senator is to determine which is the best
boy; because it by 110 means follows that the stu-
dent who at the ajjn of seventeen passes the best
examination is likely to be the best boy. The
most serviceable man to the commonwealth is he
whose brain develops the longest, not that which
begins earliest and ceases the soonest. The con-
tinued development is that which constitutes the
difference between good and bad men. The most
distinguished meri in the world have not begun to
develop until an age later than that at which pre-
cocious children have ceased to develop them-
selves. So that after all it is the old story of
trying to determine out of a dozen boys which
will be the best boy at the age of fifty-five. It is
utterly and totally impossible. All that can be
done, after all, is to make the best guess under the
circumstances. An examination, I am satisfied,
would not achieve anything.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I answered
that argument just now, in leply to the Senator
from Iowa. I do not propose that this examina-
tion shall be decided by proficiency in academical
studies; but I presume the Secretary of the Navy-
would institute justsuch regulations as the master
of a ship would institute if he wished to get a boy
to enter into a subordinate capacity, with a view
to Ills finally rising to the highest place m the
command of the ship. 1 think that an examina-
tion cannot certainly be worse than no examina-
tion. 1 think an examination, by a board of ex-
aminers, of ail young men who apply, cannot be
any less likely to get the best men than for a Sen-
ator or Representative to select some young man
whose father has rendered him some political ser-
vice, for in that way we know half the appoint-
ments are made.
Mr. COWAN. If that could be prevented, that
would I think answer every purpose. If some
provision could be inserted in the bill to prevent
Senators and Representatives from choosing a.
boy, and conferring upon him this favor in con-
sideration of services which the parent had here-
tofore rendered to such Senators and Representa-
tives, we might do some good 111 passing this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY'. If the Senator will devise
some means of doing that, I will withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. COWAN. I know no means by which
that can be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island; on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 32; as follows:
YEA?—Anthony, Arnold, Foster, King, Ne«-
mitli, and Suinner—6.
NAYS—.Mp-ms. Chandler, Clark, Collamrr, Cowan,
Davis, Doohttlc, Fessenden, Foot, Gtimc.:. Hauling, Har-
ris, flicks, Howard, Howe, Kennedy, Lane of Kansas,
McDou^all, Morrill, l'oineiuy, Powell, Uicc, Richardson
Saulsbury. Sherman, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wails , Wall,
Wilkinson, Wilmot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and
sun of Missouri—32
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section to the bill:
And be it further enacted, That the eleventh section of
the act entitled uAn act to establish and equalize the grade
of lino o|)ifcei-> of the United tftates- Navy," approved July
16,1S&2, is heiebv amended so as to authorize the appoint-
ment of middlhpmeti between the ages of fourteen and eigh-
teen years, provided they shall be found to possess the other
qualifications prescribed by said section.
Wherf the bill of last session was under consid-
eration in the Senate, I offered an amendment sub-
stantially such as is contained in the section I now
propose, so as to authorize the appointment of
midshipmen up to the age of eighteen—the limit
now being seventeen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that the Senate has already adopted an
amendmentembracing the very pointcontained in
the amendment moved by the Senator from New
Tfork; that is, that they shall be between the ages
of fourteen and eighteen years. Such an amend-
ment has already been adopted.
Mr. HARRIS. Then, of course, I have noth-
ing further to say, and withdraw the amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understand the amend-
ment which was proposed by the Senator from
Kentucky, and adopted, it provides that the States
that have been in rebellion against the Govern-
ment shall have the preference in filling up the Na-
val School. 1 think that amendment had best not
be concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. That was an oversight of mine.
I intended to except the States in rebellion. I did
not intend to include them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is 011 concurring in the other amendments, saving
for a separate consideration the amendment indi-
cated by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. LIARRIS. I desire to have a separate vote
on the section 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments will be read separately. The first amend-
ment agreed to in Committee of the Whole will
be read.
The Secretary read it; in line three, after the
word " midshin'men," to insert the words "be-
tween the ages of fourteen and eighteen."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was to add at the end ot the bill the
following:
AndtUc State* which have n less numbei of midshipmen
at the Naval School than they would be entitled to under
I hi- act, Minil be entitled to tli * fir-t nominations until they
have their piopei numbei. or until they are made equal m
that ret-peet with the other States,
Mr. DAVIS. I will move to amend that amend-
ment by inserting, after the word "States," the
words {t except those in rebellion or in a state of
insurrection."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on amending: the amendment made as m Com-
mittee of the Whole, as indicated by the Senator
from Kentucky.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was concurred in.
Mr. HARRIS. I understand that the section
that was reported by the Committee on Havnl Af-
fairs was stricken out in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs as an amend-
ment. The Senate did not concur in thatamenll-
ment, and therefore rejected it.
Mr. SUMNER. I take it, the Senator can
move it now.
Mr. HARRIS. If it is in order, I will move
that as an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
open to any amendment any Senator may pro-
pose; and the Senator from Now York moves to
insert the following as an additional section:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That the appointments hereto •
i fore made, of mid-hipmen to the Naval Academy by the
! '."resident and rtecrmry of the Navy be, and the same aie
'■reby, ratified and confirmed
Mr. HARRIS. I am notaware that I have any
personal interest in the class of young men who
are affected by this section. I am not aware that
I know a single young man who was appointed
in that class, although there are one or two to
whose friends I gave letters of recommendation.
But, sir, I regard it as very severe, if not unjust,
to dismiss from the Academy that class of young
men. I do not agree with what has been said
hen? by Senators that the appointment of those
young men was entirely unauthorized; it may
have been unwise. I do not think it would be
difficult to show that the Attorney General was
right in the opinion winch he gave that the Pres-
ident was authorized to make these appointments.
I take it it will not be denied that these young
men appointed midshipmen are appointed tp an ,
office; they are officers;' they are midshipmen^
and the law provides that when they shall have
sustained the requisite examination they shall be
commissioned as ensigns. It is an office. Tap-
prebend Senators will scarcely deny that it is.aa
office.
Now, sir, if it be an office, who has authority
to appoint to that office? The law provides thata.
certain numberof midshipmen may be appointed*
They are appointed by the President; but it is
said they should be nominated by members of
Congress. What authority is there for that? It
is a very equitable arrangement; and comity re-
quires. perhaps, that that provision of the law
should be regarded, But so far as the constitu- \
tional question is concerned, there is no doubt but
that the President has the right to make the ap-
pointment; and he has a right to disregard the
provision of the act of Congress requiring that the
nomination should be made by a member of Con-
gress. How can an officer under the General
Government be appointed? Only in one of four
ways: upon nomination of the President and con-
firmation by the Senate; or inferior officers may
be appointed by the courts, or the heads of De-
partments, or the President, as Congress may
prescribe. No officer can be appointed by a mem-
ber of Congress; nor can a member of Congress
have constitutional authority to make a nomina-
tion for an office. . The President had the right,
in my judgment, to make these appointments, and
to disregard that provision in the act of Congress
in respect to a nomination. So far as the validity
of the appointment is concerncd, there can be no
question about it, if you concede that a midship-
man is an officer.
All this legislation in relation to the distribu-
tion of these appointments is unconstitutional; and
anylawyer will say soifhe will gi vc it a moment's
consideration. What right has Congress to say
to the President, " you shall appoint to a certain
office from a particular locality, or of a particular
party, or a-man whose name shall be suggested
t<J*you by a member of Congress, or any other
officer?" If it be an office, the President has the
authority to fill that office; so that, so far as the
legality of these appointments is concerned, in
my judgment theie is no doubt about it. It is
certainly convenient, and comity and grace would
require that this requirement, of Congress, that
they should have the privilege of suggesting the
names to be appointed by the President, should
be regarded; but it is only a matter of comity and
grace, and not a matter of right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ If the Senator from New
York is correct, there is no sort of occasion for
this amendment. It is not necessary to ratify
what is already legal. The Senator from New
York may be right; but there is another view of
this question than the one presented with so much
confidence by him. The authority is given in
the Constitution for Congress to make rules and
regulations concerning the Army and the Navy.
Under that power to make rules and regulations
we have made provisions for promotions. We do
not allow the President to appoint who he pleases
a captain in the Navy or a colonel in the Army.
He is required to appoint persons by regular pro-
motion. 1 think it is very questionable whether
Congress has not authority to make that provis-
ion. The President of the United States has no
authority as President to appoint a midshipman
to the Naval Academy, admitting that he is an
officer. He gets that authority from the law. We
cannot take away the appointment fiom him; but
perhaps we may regulate the manner in which he
shall make that appointment. He appoints a cap-
tain in the Army. We regulate the mode by which
he does it. We cannot authorize somebody else
to appoint that officer. So, in regard to these mid-
shipmen, the President has no constitutional au-
thority to appoint a midshipman. The power to
do so arises out of the law; and when he acts under
that law he must act in pursuance of the law.
| OR I) EH OF BUSINESS.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
! must ask the Senator from Illinois to suspend his
remarks for a moment. The hour of one o clock
having arrived, it is incumbent on the Chair,
under the authoritative rule of the Senate, to call
for the consideration of the special order of the day
for that hour* which is Senate bill No. 511} for
