38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
right anywhere; and if it is a good thins: across
the Potomac it cannot be a bad thing in Tennes-
see or at Port Royal. Indeed, 1 am informed that
steps have already been taken for similar action
in Louisiana, Tennessee, North Carolina, and
other parts of the South; and I have recently seen
in one of the newspapers a letter signed by the
President to one Smith, recommending him for
some such work in Tennessee. What will be the
undoubted result of all this ? Why, that the Presi-
dent, through his*particular friends,few in num-
ber, and perhaps unprincipled in character, will
exercise the Federal powers pertaining under the
Constitution to all the seceded States. He will
have twenty-two Senators, and nearly one half
of the electoral college, to say nothing of this
House, and everything else. How much better,
pray, would this be than the slave oligarchy it-
self ? Would it, indeed, be anything else than a
new slave oligarchy of a most raw and disgusting-
nature?
The legal principles which set aside all the
confused reasoning of the partisans of this pro-
jected usurpation are simple and explicit, and need
only to be stated to be accepted by all persons con-
versant with the constitutional law of the coun-
try.
No State can commit treason, because treason
is a crime, and an individual only can commit
crime. No State is responsible for an act of se-
cession, for such an act is contrary to the State
constitution, and is of no validity. No traitor can
shield himself behind his State from the conse-
quences of his guilt. If the whole personnel of a
State abandon its functions, the State organization
falls, and the sovereignty necessarily accrues to
the United States. The country assumes the con-
dition of ordinary Government territory. This,
however, from a necessity which, on principles
of public law, would make it valid.
A State without a government is an impossi-
bility. A State is that political organization of a
community which invests u with a public faculty;
in other words, its governmental establishment,
including constitution, functionaries, and laws.
Where there is no Government, therefore, there is
no Slate, but an incoherent moss. A Stale is
either in the Union or it is out of it. If it h in the
Union it is of course to be respected as such. If
it is out, then it is a foieign State, and its territory
is liable to be conquered and held as other terri-
tory, subject to the sovereignty which has con-
quered it. Mexico was thus held by the United
States. Territory held in this way is properly
subject to a military occupancy, as California was,
or to an ordinary peace establishment, as most of
our Territories are.
The vacation of all the offices of a State, by a
due conviction of their incumbents of any crime,
and the failure of the people to reelect according
to the terras of the Constitution, or any eventnot
provided for in the Constitution by which it would
be left without agents to carry it on, would, of
course, necessitate its failure. But this would be
the end of the State. No man, or set of men, of
their own will, would be authoi ized to assume its
functions. The unlegalized mass would have no
rights in the premises. It might have power, but
this would be to be tested. Of course, the ele-
mentary ultimata of every State is simply the
power to maintain itself; but we aie now speak-
ing of legal rights. In any such case, the terri-
tory would belong to the United States, as would
any other territory which might fail into its pos-
session through conquest, discovery, or other
cause. The United States, as the legitimate sov-
ereign, would take steps for its proper governance.
In my judgment, a State can only be out of the
Union (unless through a constitutional amend-
ment) wiien its people have accomplished a revo-
lution, or, in other words, have by force of arms
become either a belligerent Power or absolutely
independent. In my opinion, the situation with
regard to our seceded States is that they are out
of the Union by having acquired at least a belli-
gerent character, thus securing an international
status incompatible with their Federal relations.
This places them to us in the position of a foreign
Power with whom we cue at war, and makes their
territory subject to our sovereign will whenever
we take it from them.
The true policy of this Government, therefore,
•with regard to the seceded States, h to hold them
as common territory wherever and Whenever Our
arms are extended over them. This obviates the
terrible dangers which I have alluded to, and is in
harmony wiih the highest considerations of pub-
lic utility, as well as with sound legal principles.
At any rate, I hope that Congress will not fail to
set itself firmly against that scheme which looks
to a reorganization of southern power on the ruins
of our constitutional system.
But the question upon which the case now be-
fore us really turns, was raised in Rhode Island
in 184*2. It was involved in the Dorr rebellion.
The constitution of that State was obnoxious to
the people, and they adopted another, and tried
to get a new governmentin motion. They elected
Mr. Dorr Governor. But the President, instead
of recognizing it, very properly sent a detachment
of infantry and cavalry to Newport. Dorr, who
had seta squadron in the field to approve lijs right,
was met and defeated, with out any bloodshed, ami
the whole thing ended in smoke, lint Dorr him-
self was sent to the penitentiary.
The question came up for argument before the
Supreme Court of the United States some time
afterwards, and was handled with vast ability.
Daniel Webster spoke for the old establishment,
and made one of his most powerful and learned
arguments. The decision of the court was with
him.
The arguments and decision in this case throw
a flood of light on the principles here involved,
and I would respectfully recommend them to the
perusal of the President and gentlemen of this
House, for "there were giants in those da)^."
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 1
propose to make a few remarks in support of the
bill und  r consideration for the admission of the
State of West Virginia into the Union. I under-
stand the gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Conway]
as denying the legitimacy of the Wheeling gov-
ernment. I admit, sir, that there we but two
points in the case: First, can this House lawfully,
constitutionally, admit West Virginia ? Secondly,
is it expedient to do so if it has the power?
I propose to show that it is constitutional, per-
fectly so. I will first go upon the hypothesis that
the Wheeling government is the government of
Virginia; and then 1 will reply to the gentleman
from Kansas in relation* to the government at
Wheeling, Certain gentlemen upon this floor—
1 think they are few in number—deny that Con-
gress can admita new State into the Union formed
out of one or more of the old States. It may be
important to advert to the language of the Con-
stitution in relation to the matter. It is very brief
and plain. Article fourth, section third, reads as
'follows:
" New States Hiay be admitted by the Congress into this
Union; but no now States .shall' be formed or erected
within the jurisdiction of any other State; nor any State
be formed by the junction of two or moie States, o*i paits
of State*, without the consent of the Legislatures ot the
States concerned as well as of the Congress.'5
As an interpretation of that part of the Consti-
tution at an early day, permit me to call the at-
tention of the House to the preamble of the act
admitting Kentucky into the Union. It is as fol-
lows:
" Whereas, the Legislature of the Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia, by an act entitled ' An act concerning the election of
the disstilet of Kentucky into an independent State,'passed i|
the 18th day of December, 17cs9, have consented that the jj
district of Kentucky, within the jurisdiction of the said
Commonwealth, and according to its actual boundaries at j1
the time of passing the act afote«aid. should be formed into ji
a new State; and wherea< a convention of delegate? chosen ! j
by the. people of the said dinner of Kentucky, have p'-ti- li
tionod Congress to consent thai, on the Jstday of June, 179*2, ji
the said diM.nct should be loimed into a n<nv State, and re- !j
eeived into the Union by the name of kthe State of Ken- li
tueky.*' j 1
uJie it therefore enacted by the Conzress of the United !'
States, That the said State of Kentucky be, and the same H
is bcicbv. admitted into the Union us an independent
State," &r . H j!
Here, then, Mr. Speaker, is an interpretation jj
of that clause of the Constitution by the early \}
statesmen, both in the Legislature of Virginia and
m this body. I presume it will not be doubted
that there were giants in thatdayaswellas there
were m the time of Daniel Webster. They wore
convetsant with the meaning of the clause of the
Constitution which I have quoted. I might also
advert to other cases. I might refer to Vermont,
which was formed out of New York, Maine out
of Massachusetts, Tennessee out of North Car-
olina. It is not necessary, however, to do so.
Here, then,iu a precedent which 1 think ought to
convince any genth man who doubts thatitiscom-
petent for Congress to admit a new State into the
Union within the jurisdiction of another State,
with the consent of the Legislature of that State.
Now, sir, for the question whether the govern-
ment at Wheeling, and the Legislature at Wheel-
ing, are the. government and the Legislature of
Virginia. Precedent is worth something. We
are told by the gentleman who has just taken his
seat, that the Senate of the United States has, after
full and fair examination, decided that the Legis-
lature at Wheeling was the Legislature of Virginia.
It has decided that it was competent for that Le-
gislature to elect Senators for Virginia to that
body. The same thing will be found in the Con-
stitution in relation to the election of Senators—
that they shall be elected by the Legislatures of
the States. The Senate of the United States de-
cided that the Xegislature at Wheeling wos the
true and legitimate Legislature of Virginia. This
House has also done so in the admission of mem-
be.rs who have been elected under writs issued by
Governor Pierpont. The Executive has acknowl-
edged the government at Wheeling. It will be
recollected that the sum of §40,000, the share of
Virginia of the proceeds of the sale of the public
lands, has never been accepted by that State; that
her Legislature has always declined to receive
that sum from the Treasui y of the United States.
The Legislature at Wheeling authorized the treas-
urer of the State to call for the money. The ques-
tion was then presented to the Attorney General,
the legal adviser of the Executive, and he decided
that tiie Legislature at Wheeling was the lawful
Legislature of Virginia. The money was paid
under the advice of that officer. Not only has
such a decision been made by the Federal Gov-
ern ment—it has been similarly decided by the Slate
court of Ohio only a few days ago. The question
came up in the city of Cincinnati before the chan-
cellor, upon an application from the State of Vir-
ginia at Wheeling to enforce a railroad company
to assign nearly two hundred thousand dollars of
bonds for the benefit of the State of Vnginia. it
was argued before the court; and after full and fair
investigation—the case being argued upon legal
grounds—it was decided in favor'of the Wheel-
ing government, and a mandamus was issued out
against the railroad company.
I said that precedent was worth something; but
the conventional Wheeling can be vindicated upon
first principles. If my friend, who is rather in-
clined to call the convention at Wheeling a mob,
wdl turn to the Declaration of Independence, lie
will there find the gieat principle laid down that
the legislative powers of the people cannot be an-
nihilated; that when the functionaries to whom
they are intrusted become incapable of exercising
them, they revert to the people, who have the
right to exercise them in their primitive and ori-
ginal capacity.
Now, let us see how the fact was in Virginia, and
we shall see how, upon the soundest pnnciplesof
political philosophy, the government at Wheel-
ing can be vindicated. The governmental Rich-
mond, and all the officers under the old government
of Virginia, transfetred themselves and attempted
to transfer their people to a foreign organization.
I need hardly detail the particulars of that act, as
they must be fresh in the memory of every gen-
tleman. They know that the functionaries at
Richmond, immediately after they passed the
ordinance of secession, which they were bound
to submit to the people, did not wait for the peo-
ple to act upon their so-called ordinance, but im-
mediately entered into a treaty with the govern-
mental Montgomery, and the whole military and
civil powers of the State were transferred, so far
as they could transfer them, t.o that government.
The loyal peopleof Virginiaimmediately find-
ing that their rulers, those 111 whom the legislative
and executive powers had been intrustedhad be-
trayed them, and had ceased to be capable of exer-
cising their prerogative, called, in all the loyal
counties where they had permission to do so, mass
meetings, which sent to Wheeling five hundred of
as loyal and good men as live in any portion of the
United States, not for immediate action, but for the
purpose of consulting upon the emergency of the
times.
That convention merel y organized and proposed
a plan by which regular elections were to be held
to fill the vacancies caused by the withdrawal ot
all disloyal representatives. A day was fixed and
elections held, not within the boun8aries of the
