TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
February 18.
enrolling and calling out the national forces, and
for other purposes, and that is the bill now before
the Senate by force of special order.
Mr. GRIMES. We are embarked on the dis-
cussion of a constitutional question that will prob-
ably consume the balance of the day, and I there-
fore move that the Senate suspend all prior orders,
and proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 393, concerning letters of marque, prizes, and
prize goods, which I understood to be the order
of the day at one o'clock..
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa moves to postpone the consideration
of the pending special order, and of all other or-
ders for the purpose of proceeding to the consid-
eration of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the motion of the Sena-
tor from Iowa will not prevail. I hope the Seriate
will dispose of this little bill in regard to appoint-
ments of midshipmen.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion. I will remind the Senator from Iowa that
the two substitutes for his bill which were or-
dered to be printed are not yet on our tables.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I hope the Senate will dis-
pense with all further orders and proceed with the
consideration of the bill in regard to midshipmen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
advised by the Clerk in reference to the fact
stated by the Senator from Massachusetts, that
the amendments have been printed, and that they
are upon the Secretary's desk.
Mr. SUMNER. They are not on our deslcs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to
postpone the pending special order and all other
orders standing before the one indicated, and that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
in reference to the issue of letters of marque and
reprisal.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. J move to dispense with the spe-
cial order and all other orders, and that the Senate
proceed with the consideration of the bill regu-
lating the appointment of midshipmen in the Nt-
val Academy.
The'PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to postpone the ponding
special order, which is the only order standing in
the way of the bill that was under discussion
before the hour of one o'clock, and that the Sen-
ate proceed with the consideration of the bill
indicated by him.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator
from Kentucky, if lie asks anything, to ask that
the special order lie over for a few minutes, so
that we may take a vote on his hill , i f the Senate
is ready to vote upon it. But if it is to lead to
a long discussion we cannot permit the special
ord< r to be postponed.
Mr. DAVIS.' I have no idea that this bill will
take half an hour longer, and we shall-save a
good deal of time by disposing of it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from New
York insists on his amendment to add toihisbill
an extraneous subject, it will give rise to consid-
erable discussion. Unless the Senator withdraws
the amendment and allows the bill to puss as it
is, I shall be obliged to answer his argument to
some extent. It is a question that will lead to a
good deal of discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky,
to postpone the special order, which is Senate
bill No. 511, for enrolling and calling out the na-
tional forces, and for the purpose of proceeding
to the consideration of the bill which was under
consideration before the special order was taken
up.
Thf motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now renew my motion, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No.303,and call for the yeas and naysuponit.
Mr. COWAN. Is that motion in order after
the Senate has just voted upon it, and decided it
in the negative?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is hardly
competent for the Chan* to rule it out of order on
that ground, although it is the same motion. Dif-
ferent considerations may govern the Senate atone
time fioni those which govern them at another
time; a*, for instance, on a motion to adjourn.
The refusal of the Senate to adjourn nt on« time
does not m?>ke it- out of order to out the ^•ou''
question at a subsequent time. The Chair thinks
the motion is in order. The Senator from Iowa
moves to postpone all prior orders, with a view
to call up for consideration the biil indicated by
him; and upon that motion he demands the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. •
Mr. SUMNER. I have no disposition to post-
pone the discussion of that bill; but it seems to
mc rather strange that it should be pressed now
when it was postponed on Saturday for the pur-
pose of printing the two amendments, and they
are not on our tables. I have sought for them.
They are not within call.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand the Senator from Iowa to say that it was
understood that this bill was to come up first to-
day. I did not so understand it; but 1 under-
stood that these two bills were not to be antago-
nized against each other. I do not think they
ought to be; and as it is said by my colleague
that the amendments proposed are not in the Sen-
ate, 1 think the Senator from Iowa had better with-
draw his motion, and let the bill go over until to-
morrow; otherwise, I do not choose to put myself
in a false position on this matter or to antagonize
this biil against his measure, if he has a different
understanding. I did not have it.
Mr. GRIMES. It was certainly my under-
standing that this bill in regard to letters of marque
and reprisals came up as the regular order to-day.
It was the measure we were considering when we
adjourned on Saturday evening. But if gentle-
men are not disposed to consider it at this time,
or think this other bill of more importance, I
shall submit to their wisdom and judgment. I
do not think it is, myself. 1 withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there he no
objection, the motion will be withdrawn. It re-
quires unanimous consent, the yeas and nays
having been ordered. The motion is withdrawn.
MESSAGE FlvOM THE 1IOUSIO.
A message from the House of Repicscntatives,
by M r. ETiiERiDor:, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a hill (II. R. No. 311) lor the
relief of 0. B. & Oliver S. Latham.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNKD.
Th* message further announced that the Speaker
oT the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled biils; which thereupon received
the si^nntuie of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 313) for the relief of John Cra-
dlebaugh;
A bill (S. No. 33tf) for the relief of Joseph W.
Dyer, Anson L. Dyer, and William W. Dyer;
and
A bill (S. No. 477) for the relief of Cyrus Clapp
and his guarantors and sureties.
# IIOIISK BILL ItlSFKRKED.
The bill (TI. R. No. Ill) for the relief of 0. B.
& Oliver S. Latham was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
CONSCRIPTION LAW.
1 The bill (S. No. 511) for enrolling and culling
out the national forces, and for other purposes,
was read the second time, and considered as m
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. It is not my
purpose, Mr. President, to consume the precious
moments of the Senate, crowded as they are with
measures of transcendent importance to our coun-
try, 3 n the discussion of this bill to enroll and draft
the national forces. I simply propose to state
what the bill is, and why it is now pressed upon
the Senate and the country.
Wc are now engaged in a gigantic struggle for
the preservation of the life of the nation, menaced
by thp foulest and most wicked rebellion recorded
in the annals of mankind. The young men of the
Republic for more than twenty months have been
thronging to the field to uphold the cause of their
periled country. They left their homes in the
pride and bloom, and filled with the high hopes
of young manhood.. -Those noble regiments of
/volunteers that left theii homes full of lusty life,
| and in all the pride of strength and assured con-
^fidenee, are now thinned and wasted by the dis-
eases of the camp and the storms ot battle. 1 he
-old regiments hardly average now more than four
•hundred men in the'field fit"for the stern duties of
war, Manvwho sallied at thecal! of thou* ooun-
tiy,and who have followed its flag with unswerv- \
ing devotion, now sleep in bloody graves, or lin- \
ger in hospitals, or, bending beneath disease and -
wounds, can no longer fill the ranks of our legions
in camp or on the battle-field. It wo mean to
maintain the supremacy of the Constitution and
the laws, if we mean to preserve the unity of the
Republic, if we mean America shall live and have -
a position and name among the nations, we must
fill the broken and thinned ranks of our wasted ;
battalions.
The chiefs of the rebellion, who raised the stand-
ard of revolt against their country, still proclaim
their unalterable purpose to sever the Union, blot
united America from the map of nations, and es-
tablish the independence of the confederate States
of America. To the wicked suggestions of com-
promise, made by the weak and the cowardly, if
not the treacherous, among us, the leaders of the
rebellion have returneda prompt, peremptory,and
emphatic "no." These rebel leaders have met
the criminal advances of those among us who so
long and so submissively followed them ere they
plunged into the fire and blood of revolution, with
haughty disdain. These rebel chiefs will make
no compromise, will have no peace upon any other
basis than the perpetual dismemberment of the
Republic, and-the independence of the southern
confederacy. The insane folly of talking compro-
mise or peace with the leaders of the rebellion is
now manifest to the comprehension of ail patiiotic
men. All men with loyal hearts in their bosoms,
who comprehend the condition of the country and
the purposes and sentiments of the rebel chiefs,
cannot now fail to realize that all talk of compro-
mise with treason or peace with traitors, whose
hands are red with the blood of patriotism, is
moral treason. ^
The issue is now clearly presented to the coun- ^
try for the acceptance or rejection ot the Ameri- \
can people: an inglorious peace with a dismem- \
bored Union and a broken nation, on the one hand, j
or war fought out until the rebellion is crushed •
beneath its iron heel. P?xtriotism, as well as free-
dom, humanity, and religion, accepts the bloody ^
issues of war rather than peace purchased with ,
the dismemberment of the Republic and the death,/
of the nation.
If we accept peace, disunion, death, then we*-
may speedily summon home again our armies; if
we accept war, until the flag of the Republic waves
over every foot of our united country, then we
must see to it that the ranks of our armies, broken
by toil, disease, and death, are filled again with
the health and vigor of life. To fiil the thinned
ranks of our battalions, we must again call upon
the people. The immense numbers already sum-
moned to the field, the scarcity and high rewards
of labor, press upon all of us the conviction that
the ranks of our wasted regiments cannot be filled
again by the old system of volunteering. If vol-
unteers will not respond to the call of the coun-
try, then we must resort to the involuntary sys-
tem. If we summon the militia, we must have
new regiments and new officers—law soldiers and
untrained officers—enormous expenses and impo-
tent forces. The nation needs not new regiments
nor more officers; it needs new bayonets in the
war-wasted ranks of the veteran regiments. In
the ranks of these battle-scarred regiments one
new recruit is worth more than three m new regi-
ments under untried officers', and the chances of
comfort, health, and life are far greater in the old
than in new regiments.
Volunteers we cannot obtain, and everything
foibids that we should resoit to the temporary
expedient of calling out the militia. Such a call
would waste the resources and absorb the energies
and increase but little the military forces of the
country. The needs of the nation demand that
we should rely not upon volunteering, nor upon
calling forth the militia, but that we should fill the
regiments now in the field, worn and wasted by
disease and death, by enrolling and drafting the
population of the country under the constitutional
authority "to raise and support armies." The
Constitution of the United States confefls upon
Congress the absolute and complete power k< to
raise and support armies," qualified only by the
provision that appropriations for that purpose
shall be for not more than two years. The old
Confederation possessed not this power, and the
student of our revolutionary history will remem-
: beir how Washington ami his illustrious compeers
