1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-tOBS;
4*
be used, for denoting any other duty of the same amount,
shall be deemed and taken to he good and valid, any exist-
ing law to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided, That
the provisions of this section shall not apply to any stamp
appropriated to denote the duty charged on pioprietary
articles.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 move to amend the fourth
section by adding, after the word " soldiers,"the
words{C and seamen;" so as to make it read, " by
or for officers and soldiers and seamen."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the sixth section, as follows:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all goods, wares,
and merchandise, or aiticles produced or made and fin-
ished ready for sale and removal for consumption pi for to
the 1st day of September, 186*2, whcthci actually removed
or not from the place of manufacture, shall be, and hereby
are, exempt fiom duty, upon pi oof being made to the satis-
faction of the as^essorot the district, who shall hc.u and
deteimme the same, that they weie so made and finished
ready tor sale and i emoval for consumption; and where any
duties shall have been assessed, or asseseed,and collected",
upon such goods, waics, and meichandise, or articles so
made and finished as atoresaid, the same shall he. and
hcieby are, iemitted, and if actually collected, refunded by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under such regu-
lations as he may prescribe.
I offer this amendment because I cannot under-
stand why, when we were so particular in laying
the excise duty on all articles manufactured and
not yet removed for consumption, we should now
reverse that action. It seems to me that it would
be more reasonable and just to impose a tax on
articles manufactured before the 1st of Septem-
ber than on articles manufactured after that date;
because the prime cost of all articles entering
into manufactures was less then than now, and
I do not see any hardship whatever in manufac-
turers having to pay this tax. This section would
deprive the Government of a largo amount of rev-
enue and would not do any injustice to manufac-
turers. We know that manufacturers all over
the country exerted themselves for months in pro-
ducing their articles, running their machinery
night and day, and storing tneir manufactures
away so as to evade the excise duty for a year or
two. I can see no good reason for this section,
and think that it should be stricken out.
Mr. COVODE. For the information of the
gentleman and the House, I will state that manu-
facturers generally have not only manufactured,
but have sold their goods manufactured previous
to the 1st of September without the payment of
the tax
Mr. STEVENS. This section is designed to
carry out the intention of Congress as they had
supposed they had expressed it in the bill of the
last session. We do not propose to introduce any
new provision, but simply to carry out the law
as it exists according to the original intent, though
perhaps not expressed with sufficient clearness.
One principle which was discussed in this House
at considerable length and solemnly decided by a
large majority, was, that no article manufactured
before the 1st day of August should be taxed. A
gentleman suggeststhatit wasdecidedhalf a dozen
times over. 1 know that it came up in various
shapes, and that we deliberately considered that
question. The opinion of the Committee of Ways
and Means was, that no goods manufactured be-
fore that day should be taxed; the House so de-
cided, and Congress so decided. As the section
was originally drafted, it so provided in express
terms; but in order to prevent fraud, an amend-
mentwasintroduced to the seventy-fourth section,
at the close of it, of the bill of the last session,
which the Commissioner of Internal Revenue con-
strued differently from what I supposed was its
legitimate construction. The law provided that
where goods were not removed fiom the place of
manufacture prior to that day, they should be con-
sidered as manufactured subsequent to that day,
and be taxed. Now, the question arose, what is
a removal of goods from the place of manufac-
ture? I can take an example—a familiar one to
myself—in my own town. There are two or three
cotton mills there which are now and were then
in full operation. They use as a cloth-room, in
which to store their manufactured goods, a room
under the same roof with the machinery with
which the manufacture is carried on. They had
also a room which belonged to the company out-
side, in another building, in which they stored
their raw cotton prior to its manufacture.
After the passage of this law, upon consulting
with those who were supposed to know, as to its
proper construction, these manufacturers went to
work and removed their raw cotton from the loft
whore it was stored, and also removed the finished
cloth from the room in which it was stored, and
placed one in the room previously occupied by
the other, thus removing the manufactured goods
some hundred yards from the building in which
it was manufactured. According to the construc-
tion placed upon the law by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue—and whether right or wrong I
do not know; I am not finding fault with it—if the
goods had remained in the building in which they
were manufactured, they would have been liable to
a tax, but having been removed across the street
to another block, belonging to another person
they would be considered as having complied
with the law, and exempt from taxation.
Let me refer to another instance in my district.
A man who had many years ago been largely en-
gaged in distilling, but who within the last five
years has not distilled a bushel of grain, had left
in the loft of his distillery about seven thousand
gallons of old whisky. He did not think it ne-
cessary to remove it, as there could be no ques-
tion that he had not started his distillery and does
not design to do it. But they come there and
say that this whisky is at the place of manufac-
ture—that is, in the loft of the distillery—and they
have ordered it to be assessed, and him to pay a
tax on the whisky, amounting in all to some
twelve hundred dollars.
Now, it may be that this construction of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue is correct; but
as I have said, it violates the intention of the law,
which was that all goods manufactured before the
1st of August should not be taxed. The requi-
sition of the law, that goods manufactured before
that day should be removed from the place of
manufacture, was intended to prevent fraud, and
not to impose a tax upon any goods manufac-
tured previously.
Now, this bill provides not that goods manu-
factured prior to the 1st day of September, but
not removed from the place of manufacture, shall
be taxed, but that the fact of such non-removal
shall be considered as prima facie evidence that
such goods have been manufactured since that
day, and that the burden of proof shall rest with
the manufacturer to show that his goods were
manufactured prior to that day. If he shall, by
competent proof, show to the satisfaction of the
assessor that notwithstanding the non-removal of
goods from the place of manufacture, they were
manufactured prior to that day, they shall pay
no tax, according to the clear intention of the
original law.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have stated the object and
effect of this bill. I have stated the evil and the
remedy as clearly as I am able. It is for this
House to say whether a man, situated as this man
is situated, shall pay a tax upon whatever goods
may be found in the place of manufacture on the
1st day of September, absolutely, or whether, if
his goods are so found, the burden of proof shall
rest upon him to show that his goods were manu-
factured prior to that day. I have stated the whole
matter to the House, and do not know that I have
any further explanation to make.
The amendment submitted by Mr. McKnight
was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AGIUCUi/rLKAL BUREAU EXPENSES. |
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Com- i
missioner of Patents, in answer to a resolution of
this House of the 3d instant, relative to the ex-
penditure of the Agricultural Bureau; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous conscnt,
laid befoie the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, in answer to a resolution
of this House of the 2d instant, relative to appoint-
ments to the Naval Academy; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
ORDKANOB gfoRAsi; ETC, ,
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,/
laid before the House a communication frojjn
Secretary of War, relative to ,providing" addi-,
tional means for the preservation arid storages ofT
ordnance supplies; which was referred to the Oom-*:
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered'to be.
printed. " " .
ADMISSION OF WEST YIRCJINtA—AGAIN.', *
The SPEAKER stated the business next in"
order to be the consideration of Senate bill No.
365, for the admission of West Virginia into "the
Union, and for other purposes; on which the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Brown] was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. I was about levy-
ing the question of legitimacy of the government
of Virginia, when I was interrupted by the order
of the day. I have already referred to the con-
vention of May, 1861; but I beg leave to read
some of the resolutions of that convention. I do
so because the gentleman from Kansas was pleased
to speak of that body as a mob. Sir, I wish the
gentleman from Kansas could have looked upon
that convention of five hundred men. I nave
never served in a body more conspicuous in point
of talent or appearance. And if gentlemen will
only read the resolutions passed by that body, and
compare them with the views of the gentleman
from Kansas, I think they will find them to com-
pare very well in point of ability.
The first resolution to which I will call the at-
tention of the House reads as follows:
" jResoZue(Z,That in our deliberate judgment the ordinance
passed by the convention on the 17th day of April, 1861,
known as the ordinance of secession, by which said con-
vention undertook, in the name ot the State of Virginia,
to repeal the ratification of the Constitution of the United
States by said Suite, and to resume all the lights and
powers granted under said Constitution, is unconstitutional;
and void."
Now, sir, the difference between the gentleman
from Kansas and the convention of that people is
that the gentleman from Kansas understands that
ordinance as having the effect to take Virginia out
of the Union, while that convention thought other-
wise; that it was a usurpation, null and void.
The remaining ten resolutions are as follows:
ic 2. Resolved, That the schedule attached to the ordinance
of secession, suspending and prohibiting the election of
membeis of Congress for thig State, is a manifest usurpa-
tion of power, to which we ought not to submit.
" 3. Resolved, That the agiecment of the 24th of April,
1801, between the eomim&sioneis of the confederate States
and tliis. State, and the ordinance of the 25th of April. 1861,
approving and ratifj ing said agreement, by which the "whole
militaiy force and military operations, offeusive and defen-
sive, of this Commonwealth, are placed under the chicfcon-
trol and direction of the president of the confederate States,
upon the same punciples, basis, and footing as if the Com-
monwealth weie now a member of said confederacy, and
all the acts of the executive officers of our State in pursu-
ance of said agieement and ordinance, are plain and palpa-
ble violations of the Constitution of the United States, and
are utterly subveisive of the rights and liberties of the peo-
ple of Virginia.
"4. Resolved, That we earnestly uige and entreat the
citizens of the State everywhere, but moie especially in
the. western section, to be prompt at the polls on the 23d
instant, and to impress upon every voter the duty of voting
in condemnation of the ordinance of secession, in the hope
that we may not be involved in the ruin to bo occasioned
by its adoption, and with the view to demonstrate the posi-
tion of the West on the question of secession.
" 5. Resolved, That we earnestly recommend to the citi-
zens of Virginia to vote for members of the Congiess of
the United States m their several districts, in the exercise
of the right secured to us by the Constitutions of the Uni-
ted States and the State of Virginia.
«6. Revolted, Thai we also recommend to the citizens
of the several counties to vote atsaid election for such poi-
sons as entertain the opinions expres&ed in the loresxoing
resolutions for membeis of the Senate and House of Dele*
gate* of our State.
" /. Resolved, That in view of the geographical, social,
eommctcial, and indu?trial interests of noithwestern Vir-
ginia. this convention are constrained, in giving expiession
to the opinion of their constituents, to declare- that the Vir-
ginia convention, in assuming to change the relation of the
State of Virginia to the Fcdojal Government, have not only
acted unwiselv and unconstitutionally, hut have adopted a
policy utteily ruinous to all the material interests of our
sortion, seveiing ail oui social ties and drying up ail the
channels of our tiade and pto-penty."
"8. Resolved, That in the event of the ordinance of se-
cession being lanfied by a vote, we recommend to the peo-
ple of the counties here repiescnted, and all oth<>r« disposed
to cooperate with us, to appoint, on the 4th day of .fune,
1861, delegates to a general convention, to meet on the 1 lth
of that month, ai Mich place as may be designated by the
committee heieinal'tcr provided, to devise such measmes
and take such action as the safety and welfare of the people
they represent may demand—each county to appoint a num-
berofivpiefcntatives to said convention equal to double the
numbei to which it will be entitled in the next House of
Delegates; and the Senators and Delegates to be elected on
