42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
the 23d instant, by the counties referred to, to the next Gen-
eral Assembly of Virginia, and who concur in the views of
tliis convention, to be entitled to seats in the said conven-
tion as members thereof.
"9. Resolved, That inasmuch as it is a conceded politi-
cal axiom, that government is founded on the consent of the
governed, and is instituted for their good, and it cannot be
denied that the course pursued by the ruling power of the
State is utterly subversive and destructive of our interests,
we believe we may rightfully and successfully appeal to the
proper authorities of Virginia to permit us peacefully and
lawfully to separate from Hie residue of the State, and form
ourselves into a government to give effect to the wishes,
views, and interests of our constituents.
4410. Kcs0h'ed,That the public authorities be assured that
the people of the northwest will exert their utmost power
to pieserve the peace, which they feel satisfied they can do,
until an opportunity is afforded to see if our piesent riiffi-
cultieseannor reeeivea peaceful solution: and weexpress
the earnest hope that no ttoop* of the confederate States
be introduced among us, a* we believe it would be emi-
nently calculated to produce civil war.
" 11. Resolved, That in the language of Washington, in
his letter of the 17th of Sept°mbet.1787. to the President of
Congress*1 in ail our dehbeiations on this subject we have
kept steadily m view that winch appears to us the greatest
interest of every tine American, the consolidation of our
Union,in which is involved our prosperity,felicity,safety,
and petliaps our national existence.' And therefore we
will maintain atul defend the Constitution of the United
States, and the laws made in pursuance thereof, and all
officeis acting thereunder, in the lawful discharge of their
respective duties."
If the views, then, of the gentleman from Kan-
sas be corroct, 1 have no right to a scat upon this
floor. If Virginia is a Territory, then by the un-
authorized and illegal act of secession of that State
I have no business to a scat upon this floor. The
Wheeling convention resolved that it would hold
elections for Congressmen and for members of the
State Legislature upon the regularity of election.
Upon that day, sir, there was a larger vote given
in my district than had ever been given before. I
was returned to the House of Representatives by
a majority of more than fifteen thousand over ail
*the other persons voted for. The vote was almost
unanimous for me. The Delegates to the Virginia
Legislature were also elected by the people of Vir-
ginia by a large vote. But I need not advert to
my own district as the only one where this was
the case. The adjoining district of my colleague
[Mr. Blair] voted in the same way. JYly col-
league was also elected by a very large majority.
The vote in West Virginia was larger than had
ever been given before. The members to the Gen-
eral Assembly were elected on the day fixed by
law for their election. T^hey were elected for the
very purpose of reorganizing the State govern-
ment, anu maintaining their allegiance to the Con-
stitution and the laws of the United States. They
denied the power of the separate action of the
Richmond usurpation to sever them from this
Government, and to destroy their right to the
enjoyment of the laws of Virginia us they were.
I will insert in my remarks, if I should sec
proper, the resolutions; passed by the convention
of the 11th of June, 1861, which reestablished the
loyal government of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I will remark before I take my
seat, that the extentof territory of West Virginia
is larger than some of the old thirteen States of
the Union, embracing some twenty-four thousand
square miles. Its population is larger than some
of those old States. We have a population of
three hundred and thirty thousand, giving us,
under the apportionment of I860, three Rcpre- :
sentatives upon this floor, which is all we claim !
in the pending bill, leaving ci*rht Representatives ;
to the remaining portion ofold Virginia. So much
for that matter. ;
With regard to our revenue, T will add a word.
The revenue collected within the boundaries of !
the new State in 1859 can be stated. 1 have no \
accurate estimates since that year. I hold in my I
hand the report of the auditor, which fixes the !
revenue in the forty-eight counties included in the |
bill of the Senate, for the year lb59, at ^620,061 39, :
a sum larger than is collected in many of the old i
States of the Union. {
Now, sir, there are other considerations why i
this House should admit West Virginia into the '
Union. The bill ought to be passed at once as a '
matter of expediency. It is not a new question 1
with the people of West Virginia. They have been i
struggling for it for forty years. They were on i
the point of revolution in 1829-30, when Eastern <i
Virginia yielded a small pittance of the power to
them—not what they were entitled to, butenough i{
to reconcile them for the moment. In 1850 we !j
weie again upon the point of levuluuon because ii
we were denied our proper representation in the
Legislature of Virginia. They then yielded to us
our proper representation in the House of Repre-
sentatives, but they denied them to us in the Sen-
ate. Ttiey fixed the Senate upon the mixed basis,
as they called it. They gave us our proper weight
in one branch of the Legislature, but in the other
they held the power to control us. As an equiv-
alent for what they gave us, they retained in the
constitution the provision that was most oppres-
siveand unjust. They retained a provision that the
Legislature should not tax negroes under twelve
years of age at all. I need not tell you, sir, that
the negro population is to be found in Eastern
Virginia. All that valuable class of property,
many of them then worth from a thousand to fifteen
hundred dollars—the negroes under twelve years
of age—was entirely exempt from taxation, and
the remaining portion of negro property was only
taxed as property at the value of §300. Although
the negroes should bring more than a thousand
dollars it was fixed that they should onlybe valued
at$300each. While every article of ourproperty
was taxed at its full value, the negro was almost
entirely exempt from taxation. We protested
against it, but we were powerless because they
retained in the Legislature an undue proportion
of the representative power.
But,sir,that js not all. They raised—notupon
the property in these negroes—large sums of
money for the purpose of constructing railroads.
They collected of the §600,000 a large amount for
the purpose of constructing railroads in Eastern
Virginia—railroads they are now using for our
subjugation and for the destruction of the Union.
They built them out of our money. They raised
revenue in an undue proportion upon us, and then
expended it within their own localities. A greater
outrage was never committed upon a loyal people.
But, sir, I could assign another reason. Our
relations, always unfriendly and unkind in con-
sequence of their oppression, are doubly so now,
because of our loyalty. We, sir, are the only
people within the limits of a seceded State that
declared open resistance to the revolution. The
five hundred delegates who assembled at Wheel-
ing to inaugurate the project of reestablishing the
government of Virginia upon a loyal basis, went
with theirhvesin theirhands. They were threat-
ened with expulsion from the State. They were
threatened with the gallows. At the time we as-
sembled there the southern troops were marching
with all possible speed for the purpose of intimi-
dating us, and to prevent us from the exercise of
our allegiance to the laws. They were, sir, within
fifty or sixty miles from Wheeling. A people
never did exhibit more firmness and more determ-
ination than the loyal people of Virginia on that
occasion. So far as we had any intimation from
this Government, it was through the last message
of Mr. Buchanan, who denied that it had the right
to coerce a seceded State. Virginia had seceded
and annexed herself to the southern confederacy;
and here were about three hundred thousand loyal (i
people of Virginia, without any assurance of aid j|
jrom this Government, determined that if the poi- j;
icy of the incoming Administration should be the
same as that of Mr. Buchanan, and would not !j
give us aid, we would, for the love of the Govern- ')
ment of our fathers, take up arms and resist the |j
southern confederacy ourselves. And, indeed, we jj
did not know but that this Government, under the :
views of Mr. Buchanan, might aid the southern '!
confederacy in suppressing us as in insurrection.
It was a new question; but we were resolved upon ! i
one thing, and that was, that if we were' earned ij
out of the old State of Virginia, and our connec- 'j
tion with this Government broken up, it should
be done by force and at the point of the bayonet. j;
How does that people now stand? We have ij
in the field, fighting for this Government, six-
teen regiments raised almost exclusively within ;j
the limits of the new iState. We have supplied \\
more than our full quota, and that not by draft-
mg but by volunteeiing. When the last requisi-
tion was made upon us, we furnished the number if
promptly. In my own county and distuct nearly |;
every fighting man is now in the Army. Are we
to be turned back to the old Commonwealth, there J
to be oppressed, by her to be driven from the bor-
dens, if persecution can drive us from our homes? i!
Ma ny of our citizens say they will leave the
homes of their fathers and seek new homes in the ii
West unless they can be relieved fiom this threat- ll
ened load of oppression and danger. My advice
to them has been otherwise. I have told them
not to ruti after liberty in another land, but swear
by the God of their fathers that they will bring
liberty to their own homes; and we will do it by
the aid of this Government and the blessing of
God, and we will be a free people.
I received this morning from the Legislature of
the State of Virginia, sitting at Wheeling, a dis-
patch containing a resolution passed by that body,
asking this House to pass the Senate bill just as
it passed the Senate. I had the honor yesterday
of presenting petitions from the people of Vir-
ginia, numbering some five thousand, asking the
same thing. My colleague [Mr. Blair] presented
a batch of similar petitions. There is but one voice
among our constituents, and that is in favor of a
division of the State.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow me to say that 1 am prepared to
make a report upon those petitions which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, to the
effect that the prayer of the petition be granted ?
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. 1 desire to put this
Houserightupononefurtherpoint,and then I will
leave this question to the House for their final
action, so far as I am concerned. It has been
asserted, and understood in some quarters, that
the organization of the government at Wheeling
was for the purpose of forming a new State. I
am prepared to say that when that convention
originally met in Wheeling, although there were
a few radicals there who wanted to form a new
State without reinstating the old State of Virginia,
we voted them down, and commenced the exercise
of our original rights as freemen to build up the
loyal government of Virginia; and, although we
designed eventually to ask fortius separation, and
it was what we anxiously desired, yet we determ-
ined to be a law-abiding people, and ask for what
we desired through the forms of law. We think
we have brought ourselves within the forms of
law, and we think we have conducted ourselves
in such a manner as to recommend us favorably
to the consideration of this body; and now, in the
name of my constituents, and of the loyal men ot
Virginia, I most earnestly appeal to this body to
give us the relief we ask, and grant us the prayer
we have made. With those remarks I shall leave
the case with the House.
The following arc among the proceedings of the
convention assembled 011 the 11th of June, 1861:
A Declaration of the People of Virginia, represented in
Convention, at Ike city oj Wheeling, Thursday, June 13,
LS3L.
The true purpose of all government is to promote the
welfare and provide for the protection and secuutv of the
governed ; and when any foim or organization ot govern-
ment piovcs inadequate for or subveiMve of this purpose,
it is the right, it is the duty of the lattei, to aitei orabohsh
it. The Bill of Rights ot Virginia, fiamed m 1776, reaf-
fmned in 1630, and again m Ibol, expressly reserves this
light to a majority of her people. ' The aet'of the General
Assembly, calling the convention which assembled at Rich-
mond at Februaiy la^t, without the previously expressed
consent of Mich a majority, was theiefore a usurpation:
and the convention thm called has not only abused the
powers nominally intruded to it, bur, with the connivance
and active aid of the executive, ha?-usurped and exorcised
other powers, to the mamfe&t injury of the people, which,
if permuted, will inevitably subject then* toam.litary des-
potism.
The convention, hy its pretended ordinances, ha? re-
quited the people of Virginia to separate lrom and wage
war agam&t the Government of the United Static. and
against the citizens of neighboring States, with whom they
have Jieretoioie maintained fuendly, social, and business
relation*.
It ha> attempted to subvert the Union founded by Wash-
ington apd hi-* copatuot*. m the forinei days of the Repub-
lic, which has confer! ed unexampled pro.-pet try upon every
elas< of citizen--, and upon evcrj -section of the conntrv.
If has attempted to tranter the allegiance of the people
to an illegal confederacy of rebellious Htates, and required
their >ubmt^ion to it- pretended diets and d<iree>.
it has attempted to place the whole militnrv force and
militaiy opeiauorw of the Commonwealth under the control
and direction oi Mich confederacy, for oliensive a  well as
defetir-ive purposes.
It lias, in conjunction with the State executive, insti-
tuted.. whoie vei their usurped power extends, a reign of ter-
ror intended to .-oppress the fiee evpresj-ion of' the will of
the people, making elections a mockery and a fraud.
The yanie combination, even befoie the past-age of the
pretended ordinance of sece^ion, instituted war by the
seizure and appiopnation of the propcity of file Federal
Government, and by organizing and mobilizing armies,
with the avowed puipo&c of eapttning or destroying the
capital of the Union.
They have al'ompted to br;<ig the aliegiancc of the peo-
ple ot the United .State- into duct conflict with their ?ub-
oulm.'te allegiance to the .state, the toby making obedience
to cnen pretended oidin.mccs ttca*>on against the ioimer.
We, tiiereiote, the delegates heic assembled iu conven-
