44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
Senators from Virginia was not based upon the
recognition of the Executive, it being assumed that
the recognition of this State was an executive func-
tion,and having been performed by the Executive,
that the matter was determined. I so understood
it, and therefore 1 leveled my remarks and objec-
tions againstthisproceedingtowaids thePresident,
My friend says that this proceeding was not pro-
tested against at the time and has not been pro-
tested against up to this time. I must correct him
in that. I have protested against it for myself
from the commencement, both as a citizen and as
a member of this House. I presented almost sub-
stantially the same views .as J have uttered here
to-day, at the last session of Congress.
And now, permit me to say further that I have
no earthly objection to the people of Western Vir-
ginia becoming a State of this Union. I think
that they arc entitled to be such, and I am only
sorry that my judgment interposes itself at this
time against my giving my vote for their admis-
sion; butl believe that there is aprineipleinvolved
which affects not only this case of Western Vir-
ginia, but which touches more interests, and inter-
ests of greater magnitude, than any which have
ever been brought to the consideration of this
House prior to this great struggle.
Before I conclude, I should like to say further
that there is no analogy between the case presented
in this bill, and that presented by the people of
Kansas, when they solicited admission into the
Union under the Topeka constitution. This is
not the application of a Territory for admission as
a State. This is the application of the people of
a portion of a State for its division. There is a
most substantial and important difference. If the
people of Western Virginia had stood in their
relation to this Government as a Territory, as the
people of Kansas stood at that tfme,and they had
come forward for admission, however irregularly
—if they had oven come up spontaneously by the
people and solicited admission—I would have been
willing to have voted to admit them, on theground
that the action of Congress, in admitting them
into the Union, would go back and take effect from
the very inception of the movement, and give it
legality. It was upon that ground that I main-
tained the admission of Kansas into the Union
under an act of this description. But Western
Virginia presents itself in an entirely differentas-
pect. It comes here asking the division of a State,
• and the point which I make is that it does not
show a case in which there is the requisite con-
stitutional sanction for a division. The Legisla-
ture of the State has not given its consent to it.
It is not necessary for me to go over the reasons
why I cannot agree that, the Legislature under the
Wheeling constitution is the true one.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Kansas a question.
Mr. CONWAY. I hold the floor only by the
sufferance of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. COLFAX. Although I think the question
of myfiiend from Kansas rather a long one, 1
will yield to him further.
Mr. SIIEFF1 ELD. 1 desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Kansas if the authority of the case
which he cited this morning when he was upon
the floor was not that the recognition of a govern-
ment by the Executive alone determined the law-
fulness of the character of that government?
Mr. CONWAY. 1 answer yes; but I impeach
the correctness of that decision.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Oh!
Mr. CONWAY. I insist that the'President of
the United States has wrongfully exorcised his
discretion in this case; and that, if this instance
is brought in as u piecedent for future action, it
will involve the entire subveision of our consti-
tutional system.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to make an
inquiry of the gentleman from Kansas. I under-
stand him to take the position that the revolu-
tionary and treasonable action of the members of
the State government o!' Virginia has, m fact and
in law, abrogated the government of Virginia;
that that government has ceased to be a govern-
ment, and that thereby the State of Vng'miahas
become a Territory, or a poition of the territory
of the United States. If that be his position, and
if Virginia has become a Territory, then I wish
to know, when a portion of the people of that
new Territory have tonned a constitution, and
come asking tu be recognized, und admitted as a
State of the Union, where there is any constitu-
tional objection to their being recognized and ad-
mitted as a State, and whether we have not, again
and again, withoutany enabling act of Congress,
admitted States with their constitutions into the
Union ?
Mr. CONWAY. I will say very briefly, in an-
swer to the gentleman, that this bill does not pro-
pose to admit the Territory of Western Virginia
as a State. It'itdid sol should have no objection to
urge against it. But the bill proposes to divide
the State of Virginia, and to admit that portion of
it lying west of the mountains into the Union as
an additional State. Now.thepointwhichI make,
and which I tried to elucidate, is that they do not
come here with the requisite compliance of State
legislation as required by the Federal Constitution.
1 have already briefly discussed the question
whether the Legislature that conferred this power
is the Legislature of the State, and it is not neces-
sary for me to advert to it again.
Mr. COLFAX. If I remember the question
which the gentleman from Kansas rose to ask me
some time since, but which he expanded, after stat-
ing it, into a speech, it was whether the Senate and
the House of Representatives and the Cabinet had
been influenced by the executive recognition of the
State of West Virginia. 1 answer him very frankly
that I cannot tell. I only know that we have a
mass of concurrent testimony proving that at
different times and under different circumstances,
and, as I said, in nearly all the cases, without any
protest from any one being made or heard of
throughout the country, the President, the various
members of the Cabinet, the Senate, and the House
of Representatives have recognized this Governor
and Legislature as the rightful authorities of Vir-
ginia. My friend from Kansas says thathe made
protest against it. He never made a protest against
the most solemn act, performed by a Cabinet offi-
cer, in recognizing that State. That act was the
taking of ;ylt),()00 out of the national Treasury and
paying it to Governor Pierpont as the rightful
Governor of Virginia. If this authority is not the
rightful authority of Virginia, then the President
and the Secretary of the Treasury should be con-
demned in every part of the Union for daring to
assume such power, and to thus squander wrong-
fully the treasure of the people of the whole Union.
But on the contrary, in the opinion of loyal men
of all parties and sections, they did right.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] par-
tially anticipated the reply which I had reserved
for the question which 1 knew ilie gentleman from
Kansas would put to me at'ler I yielded to him.
The gentleman from Kansas says that if West
Virginia had been aTerritory like Kansas, the con-
stitutional objection would be out of the way; and
he also insists^—in which I do not concede the cor-
rectness of his argument—that the State of Vir-
ginia, the whole ofit,isnowaTerritory. Butifthat
is true, then that Territory, through its Governor
and Legislature, hasapphed foradmission into the
Union as a State; and the gentleman from Kansas
ought to waive his objection to the verbal phrase-
ology of the application. Let me give the gentle-
man a parallel taken from the history of Kansas
herself, and so familiar to both of us. The peo-
ple of that Territory declared, after they adopted
the Topeka constitution, that they were then, in
fact, a State, although not yet admitted. They
insisted so, and the gentleman stood by them in
it. They elected their Governor, and he was im-
prisoned because he dared to assume the authority
of the Governor of Kansas. Nay, more; able
jurists insist that a Territory must have virtually
become a State before she can apply for admis-
sion, because the Constitution says that Congress
may admit " new States," not Territories; and
that, therefore, Territoriesmustassumethe habil-
iments of States before they apply for admission
into the United States.
Then I come back to the objection of the gentle-
man from Kansas. This Territory, as he calls it,
has done exactly what the Territory of Kansas
did. She has assumed the habiliments of a State,
and her people insist, as the people of Kansas did
at that time, that they are a State, and as such they
knock at the doors of Congress for admission.
Why not then admit them, even according to his
own territorial argument?
A few words more, and I will yield the floor to
the gentleman from Kansas. The only Governor
whom the loyal people of the Union recognize as
the rightful Governor of Virginia, asks for the ad-
mission of thisState. The only Legislature which
the loyal people of the country recognize as the
rightful Legislature of Virginia, have given their
assent to it. The only President whom the loyal
people of the country recognize as President has
acknowledged them as the rightful authority of
Virginia. The only Cabinet whom the loyal peo-
ple of the country recognize, has, over and over
again, recognized the government which sits at
Wheeling. The only Senate recognized as the
rightful American Senate has not only assented
to it by receiving Senators from this State, but by-
stamping its seal of approval on this bill, ana,
so far as it is concerned, admitting this State.
And this House, the only rightful House of Rep-
resentatives, gave its recognition last session to
Governor Pierpont and the Legislature as the
rightful authorities of Virginia; and all that re-
mains now to be done is for this House to reaffirm
what it has already done before, and make this
history consistent with itself.
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, I do not desire
to debate the question but prefer to avail myself
of the kindness of the gentleman from Indiana to
ask him a question. 1 understand the theory on
which Virginia is now represented in this House
and in the other wing of the Capitol to be this:
that the ordinance of secession was null and void,
and did not take the State out of the Union; that
the government at Wheeling is not merely the de
facto government, but is the legal government of
the people of the State of Virginia, as she here-
tofore existed in the Union, and that if those dis-
loyal people east of the mountains do not choose
toavail themselves of that government, itis their
own fault. Now, the question is, if Virginia is
already in the Union and is represented on this
floor, and in the other end of the Capitol, what
need is there for another act to let her in again?
If itis intended to divide the State, what fact takes
her case out of the constitutional prohibition that
no State shall be divided, and no new State shall
be erected in the jurisdiction of another State,
without the consent of the Legislature of that
State ?
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the gentleman
from Kentucky with great pleasure. This is not
Virginia that is being admitted into the Union.
It is West Virginia, a different State. It does not
embrace the whole territorial limits of Virginia,
and I am glad to say that it does not even embrace
all the loyal people of Virginia. It embraces only
forty-eight counties. But there are people left in
the old State of Virginia, in the Accomac district,
along the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, and front-
ing Washington city, that are loyal. The loyal
people thus remaining are not many, to be sure,
as far as we know now; but I trust that in time
they will be enough, with the power of the Gov-
ernment aiding them, to leaven the whole mass.
These people, loyal as they are, are left with old
Virginia; but what we propose to admit by this
bill is a different State. It is West Virginia.
Mr. MORR.ILL, of Vermont. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Indiana a single question. He
speaks of the new State of Virginia as having
been recognized by the President, and all the
members of the Cabinet, and especially by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, he having returned the ap-
portionment under the late census to the new State.
Now, what I desire to ask is this: whether tins
House is bound to admit the whole number of
Representatives to which Virginia is entitled from
this new State of Virginia ?
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, I will answer
that question. By the laws now existing on our
statute-book it is provided that a State shall be
apportionedfoi cong-iessional purposes; that mem-
bers shall be elected by single districts; and that
the territory embraced ill those districts shall be
contiguous. Wo provide, in this very bill, that
the new State shall have three Representatives,
leaving the remainder to old Virginia. I therefore
answer the question of the gentleman from Ver-
mont unhesitatingly in the negative. When he
makes me say that we recognized the government
of Virginia as a new government, 1 must have
been unfortunate in the choice of my language, or
else he does not quote me correctly. 1 said, I am
quite certain, that the authorities recognized this
ss the government of Virginia.—as the govern-
ment, not as the new government.
Mr. HUTCHINS obtained the floor.
