1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Mr. OLIN. With the consent of the gentle-
man from Ohio, I desire to propound a question
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax.]
The gentleman from Indiana has argued this con-
stitutional question with great ability, but I wish
,to make of him one inquiry. What will become
of the bonds and other obligations which she has
issued or incurred as a State, by the recognition
of the new State of West Virginia?
Mr. COLFAX. I will, answer the gentleman
from .New York with agreatdeal of pleasure; but
he will permit me to answer him somewhat after
the Yankee fashion—we are both of sufficiently
Yankee origin to warrant it—by asking another
question. I ask the gentleman what became of
the obligations of the State of Virginia when Ken-
tucky was cut off from that State and admitted
into theUnion? What became of the obligations
of the State of Massachusetts after Maine was cut
off and admitted into the Union?
Mr. OLIN. I will answer the gentleman with
pleasure that Vermont, as a State, and Massachu-
setts, as a State, responded to their obligations:
and, in both instances, the division was by the
consent of the Legislatures and people of both
portions of the territory to be divided.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am rather disposed to
vote for this bill; but I confess I shall do it with
great reluctance. I do it mainly because the vari-
ous branches of the executive Government have
recognized and encouraged this attempt to set up
a State government in Western Virginia, and also
because the other branch of the Legislature have
recognized such government by admitting to its
floor two Senators as members of its body. But
I confess I do not fully understand upon what
principles of constitutional law this measure can
be justified. It cannot be done, I fear, at all. It
can be justified only as a measure of policy, or of
necessity.
Why, sir, it must be obvious to gentlemen in
this House that at the time of this attempted se-
cession, however void that act was, the whole
framework of the State government of Virginia
was in the hands of those who have taken arms
against the Government, including the executive,
legislative, and judicial authority of the State.
The whole government was unfortunately in the
hands of those who have taken up arms against
the General Government. Neither the forms of
law nor anything else to give a shadow of legal
authority was in the hands of the friends of the
Union. It was simply a movement of the people
without any of the forms of law, when the forma-
tion of a State government was attempted by the
people of Western Virginia. 1 do not complain
of it, much less condemn it; it was a matter of
necessity; I applaud them for it; but it was in
every sense, as against the State of Virginia, a
revolutionary movement, justifiable only by the
necessity of the case, and because of the abandon-
ment of every principle of law, duty, and obliga-
tion, which ought to have bound these secessionists
to the Union. The people of Western Virginia
were justified by that great " higher law" of self-
protection and of fidelity to the Union.
Now, the gentleman from Kansas who has just
spoken in opposition to this measure, stated, as
1 understood him, that he regietted a territorial
government was not created for Western Virginia.
Territorial government! What " in the name of
all the gods at once" [laughter] could justify the
creation of a territorial government in a part of
Virginia, one of the original thirteen States of the
Union, with all her rights and immunities guar-
antied by the Constitution, never having had since
the formation of the Constitution a territorial
existence ?
While our authority to admit this portion of
Virginia into the Union as a separate State may
be a doubtful one, and I admit it is; while I am
not clear that we have the power legally to do it,
yet there are in favor of it a thousand probabili-
ties, in a legal point of view, compared with the
authority to create a territorial government in any
part of Virginia. It is true, military governments
have been erected m various States and in differ-
ent portions of States; but such military govern-
ments are not created or established by virtue of
any act of Congress. Congress has no power to
create such military governorships. The authoi-
ity to do it grows out of the exigencies and ne-
cessitiesof war. It is only when the civil authority
is silent amidst arms that the executive am! mil-
itary power steps in of necessity and establishes
a government. This proceeding is sanctioned by
the rules and practices of war, which have been
sanctioned by all nations through all time. The
Constitution gives no authority for it. It does
not grow out of any constitutional provision, nor
of any right guarantied by it.
Mr. CONWAY. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman where Congress gets the authority to create
a territorial government in any instance in aterri-
tory conquered by the arms of the United States?
Mr. OLIN. Congress has authority under the
Constitution,as I understand it, to make all need-
ful rules and regulations for the government of the
territories of the United States. That doctrine
was never questioned until this new-fangled doc-
trine of squatter sovereignty was invented about
the year 1848. Until that period this interpreta-
tion of the Constitution was never questioned by
anybody. Now, when the Government of the
United States conquers a territory, and it becomes
subject to the control of the United States Govern-
ment, Congress may regulate its affairs justas well
as the affairs of any other territory within itsjuris-
diction, and may establish a territorial govern-
ment.
Mr. CONWAY. May they not do it in the
conquered territory of Virginia?
Mr. OLIN. No.
Mr. CONWAY. That is the point atissue.
Mr. HUTCHINS rose.
Mr. OLIN. Oh, the gentleman shall have his
hour. 1 hope he will allow me to finish what I
have to say.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I merely wanted to inquire
whether the gentleman is through with his ques-
tion to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax.]
[Laughter.]
Mr. OLIN. Nearly through, [laughter.] Now
I wish to make myself understood in reference to
the power of Congress to create a territorial gov-
ernment within the limits of a State of the Union.
There is no question as to its power to create such
a government in a mere territory of the Union,
whether acquired by purchase or acquired by con-
quest, but it would not require a very lengtlay
argumentto make the distinction between that ease
and the creation of a territorial government within
a State obvious and plain, certainly to the mind
of any lawyer.
Mr. CONWAY. I hope the gentleman will
not represent me as asserting that Congress may
establish a territorial government in any State of
the Union, for I have said no such thing.
Mr. OLIN. If I have misrepresented the gen-
tleman, 1 should be very happy to be corrected
upon that point. I understood him in the open-
ing of his remarks to express his regret that a
territorial government was not established by the
Congress of the United States over Western Vir-
ginia. Pel haps I was mistaken.
Mr. CONWAY. No, sir, the gentleman was
not mistaken in that; but the gentleman was mis-
taken in asserting that I declared Western Vir-
ginia to be a State of this Union. On the con-
trary, I insisted that such was not the fact.
Mr, OLIN. I understand the gentleman, and
I am very happy to afford him the opportunity
for explanation. I see that I did not misrepresent
him. The gentleman is a disciple of that theory
which prevails to some extent in this as well as
at the other end of the Capitol, that the act of se-
cession passed by the convention of the State of
Virginia, although void and treasonable, although
an act calling for the condemnation and reproba-
tion of all loyal men, yet it somehow had that pe-
i culiar efficiency that enabled it to take the State
! out of the Union.
Mr. CONWAY. No, sir.
Mr. OLIN. How, then, in the name of God,
did Virginia got out of the Union? [Laughter.]
i Mr.-CONWAY. !f the gentleman had done
I me the honor to pav the slightest attention to the
| remarks which I submitted to the House an hour
j or two ago, lie would have known better the po-
I sition 1 took m this controversy.
jj Mr. OLIN. I would lhank the gentleman from
tl Kansas to make himself better understood. I
listened to him with great patience.
" Mr. CONWAY. "l will, with the permission
of the gentleman, and at his request, restate the
i. position which I hold in that regard. I maintain
!! that the act of secession has no vutue or effect
i'. whatsoever, of ,mv kind; that it transcends the
powers of the State; that is, that it is in vidtatiga
of the State constitution; thatifcisas much treason
to the sovereignty of the Statg as to t}ie- Federal
Government; and that it is treason to the Federal
Government because, it is treason to the sov^r-
ereignty of the State. I hold that any proceeding
under that act is without law—that the individual
,is upon his own responsibility in that regard:, I
maintain that a State can only be released from its
obligations to this Union by a revolution;' that a
State may proceed to the extent of becoming,a
belligerent Power or an absolute nationality. " I
maintain that, in this instance,in reference to these
rebellious States, they have acquired a belligerent
character which gives them an international status
which is entirely incompatible with the Federal
status. They are beyond the Federal system. I
hold that in consequence of this action, in conse-
quence of this process, the States stand where they
may be regarded by the House as aforeign Power,
and where we can make war upon them as afor-
eign Power. They are a belligerent Power for the
purpose of war, and in dealing with them we are
not governed by the Federal Constitution. Our
relations are not such as are established by the
Constitution, but we are governed by the princi-
ples of international law. Standing as they do in
this position toward us, when we extend our con-
quest over them we reduce them to the condition
of a territory the same as that we acquired from
Mexico when we made war upon that republic.
If we took territory from that Government we
would have sovereign power over that'territory
and the right to exercise it as we may think
proper. Therefore I maintain, in regard to West
Virginia, that it lias fallen into our possession by
conquest and by the loyalty of the people of that
portionoftheStateofVirginia; and, havingfallen
into our possession, it is within our power to gov-
ern that people as military dependents, and to grant
to the inhabitants such privileges and powers as
we may think proper. I regretted that we did not
institute a territorial governmentin Western Vir-
ginia in the beginning of this war, so that the peo-
ple there might be able to emerge from the prelim-
inary organization and solicit us to admit them
into the Union in the character of a State. Sueli
is the position I hold, and I hope that the gentle-
man is satisfied.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I hope that the gentleman
from New York has got through with his ques-
tion.
Mr. OLIN. I am nearly through with it. Mr.
Speaker, I have now heard the explanation just
made by the gentleman from Kansas. The sum
and substance of it is this—I will reduce'the gen-
tleman's argument to a nutshell—[laughter]—it
is, that the act of secession was void. He is a
lawyer, and understands the full force and mean-
ing of that term. But notwithstanding the act of
secession is void, lie holds that if a certain num-
ber of individuals, a majority, if you choose, of
the State, make war upon the General Govern-
ment, the minority which remains in the State of
Virginia, and who are faithful to the Constitution,
and who still claim the protection of the General
Government, are nevertheless subject to be gov-
erned in all respects by Congress, and have for-
feited all the rights which they are entitled to en-
joy as citizens of one of the States in the Uftion.
In other words, the gentleman holds that though
the act of secession was void, ittook the State out
of the Union, and crushed to the earth the rights of
all who attempted to remain faithful to the Union.
Mr. CONWAY. The force of arms took the
State out of the Union.
Mr. OLIN. Why did not the force of arms
ke'ep the State in the Union?
Mr. CONWAY. That is what I want to know.
Mr. OLIN. It was the duty of the General
Government to protect those who were faithful
to the Union. So Ions as a loyal man could be
found ill the State of Virginia it was the duty of
the General Government to throw around him
the shield of its protection, and secure every right
under the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. CONWAY. Undoubtedly.
Mr. OLIN. You are not trying to do tbnt.
That is 110 answer. I do not iticorrcctly state the
gentleman's position. It is just about equal with
the humbug doctrine of secession. I think that
the act of secession was one which ought to have
brought the most condign punishment upon the
head of its authors: but the gentleman from ICan-
