1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9&3
Sir, 1 should bo glad to have willing soldiers; but
many of the great battles of the wotld luive boon
fought by unwilling soldiers. We carried this
country through the fire and blood of the Revo-
lution by men, some of whom were obtained by
bounties and some by drafting or conscription.
Mr. COLLAMER. A large part of them
drafted.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
a large portion of them. We have in this war men
who are fighting the battles of your country, and
fighting bravely, too, who have been drafted. It
docs not follow because a man is drafted that he
is an unwilling soldier. I think it would have
been better if we had adopted precisely the system
we have before us now when the war began, and
drafted our soldiers. It would have fallen mote
equally upon the people and more justly upon the
country. How often do you hear the remark
made, s< I do not like to volunteer; I think I can
hardly afford to do it; but if 1 am drafted I will
go willingly," I believe that to be the general
sentiment of this country; and it is a sentiment
which the public men of the country, and the pub-
lic press of the country ought to encourage. I re-
gret to hear any predictions anywhere that'there is
to be any resistance to a draft so just and so equal
and as light as this draft is to be; adraftm which
exceptions are made in favor of the poor and needy;
a draft made upon the whole population of the
country to come forward now and fill the waning
ranks of our regiments, and thus save our per-
iled country. I believe the adoption of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Pennsylvania
will be disastrous, and I implore the Senate not
to sustain it.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, I much pie-
fer the amendment I offeied to the one offered by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, and for the rea-
son that I think it is much simpler. It is better
calculated to produce the results sought for by
the bill, and certainly will produce less ill feeling
The practical operation of the amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, if adopted, would be
just this: where a draft was made, those who saw
fit could pay their $250; and it would be nothing
more than a tax upon them, wiilumt its operating
as a fund for the procurement of substitutes.
Why? Because the section goes on and says that
when the payment is once made, the person thus
drafted is exempted, and those following in the
roll shall be selected. Now, in the calculation of
chances in a community in which such a provis-
ion was enforced, it would be said immediately,
" the rich are to be exempted, and those who are
unable to pay $250are to be compelled to serve."
Such ttprincipleasthat ingrafted m tin* bill would
revolutionize any community m which you sought
to enforce it. How much better is it under th*>
amendment that I propose to the seventeenth sec-
tion, where ihc party is diafted, and finds he m
unable to give his seivioc to the Government, to
pay the Governnn nt £,253, or eny F>um you may
designate, to constitute a fund for the Government
to procure substitutes.
I object to the idea entertained by the Senator
from Maine, of putting it in the alternative of
their paying a certain sum or procuring a nibsfi-
tute, because you would immediately establish
throughout the country the business of proe^i ing
substitutes; and the same system would be fal-
lowed as was seen durmg the past summer, of a
class of unworthy, irresponsible persons s'ettinu
themselves up for the purpose of carrying on tl."
business of procuring substitutes, or who would
furnish men for $100 or $150, any thing under what
the parties would have to pay the Government,
and then those substitutes would desert, and go
to some other place and again receive tnis bounty
and enlist, and thus pass through half a doz ,n
diiferent enlistments, filling up the places of as
many persons. It is fai better to adopt the sys-
tem which hus been adopted by every civihz; d
Government on earth where a system of conscrip-
tion existn, of allowing the party drafted to pay
an absolute sum of money to the Government,
and letthe Government obtain the substitute undei
such regulations as may be prescribed, giving it
as bounty, according to its necessities in a gteeter
or less degree; or it can use it for other purposes,
for carrying on the war or for alleviating the suf-
ferings of the relatives of those who have been
lost in battle. The French Government have re-
duced this system to a great deal of perfection.
Under their system, where a draft is made, any
person who pays an absolute sum of money to
the Government is discharged, ami receives <i re-
ceipt under that draft. The icsult is, the French
Government not only have their army constantly
filled up, but it is absolutely a source of revenue
to the Government. It stops everything in the
nature of corruption in the system of the pro-
curement of substitutes; enables the Government
to get first-class soldiers out of this fine, and leaves
a balance also in the Treasury to be used for other
purposes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to suggest to him that that branch of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia has been adopted, and he will have to move its
reconsideration, or else take it up when it comes
into the Senate. That particular branch with
regard to the payment of $250 was adopted, as I
understand.
Mr. COWAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 understand that. 1 was
only speaking of it as a part of the whole.
Mr. F&SSENDEN. I merely suggested the
alternative to which the Senator alludes. It is a
matter that i have given no sufficient considera-
tion to, and I do not know but the Senator may
be light.
Mr. LATHAM. I did not say what I designed
saying to the Senate when that portion of the
amendment was adopted, because I wanted to
hear the whole amendment as an entirety before
1 spoke. 1 am quite satisfied that the honorable
Senator, if he will reflect a moment, will agree
with me that the bill as reported by the commit-
tee, together with the amendment which I have
suggested the seventeenth section, will be much
simplei in its opeiation, and certainly produce a
great deal more satisfaction with the public.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to hear the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Cali-
fornia to the seventeenth section read.
Mr. LATHAM. The Secretary has not got
the amendment, i will read it myself. I propose
to amend that section so as to make it read as
follow,:
jinJ he it farther en acted> That any person em oiled ami
diafted iicco.tltii^ to lite pm\!-ion-> of this act who fhull
p:u ;o the W at l>epai intent ^ncli sum and in -aich places a*>
)i mav de>i:m<ue for the pui pose of pioeurins; an acceptable
i-ub-liiute Mull thereupon leceive I rem The hoaid ol en-
lol.iuuit a s crtillc.itc o! di«'haigo Irom hitch diait, which
'•hall exempt Inni fioiu mintaiv duty duumj the tnn^ for
which hr> wa-~ dralted.nnd ^uchsuMitute pioeurcd shall
be entitled to the same pay ami allowance, &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is better.
Mi. LATHAM. That gives the authority to
pay the sum to such officers as the War Depart-
ment may designate, and to constitute a fund for
that pu i pi>5 e.
Mi. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the Senator
whethm he proposes to Strike out that pai t which
enables a man to furnish a substitute himself.
Mr. T < '\T11 AM. Yes, sir, 1 piopose to destroy
that as a business.
Mr. COLLAMER. Here is a poor man who
is drifted, ''.'id cannot pay §250, who can get an-
other p' or mm for a consideration to take his
i,Ta<v; world you not idiow him to do that?
Mr. L VTIIAM. 1 would,;f that was the prac-
tical operation of it; but the practical operation is
not as the Senator states.
Mi COLLAMER. It seems tome l hat under
this any man who will pay s250 is clear, but if he
3s not able to pay ^250 he is not allowed to offer
a substitute, if lie can get one.
Mi. LATHAM. That is true; but you will
find the piactical operation of such a provision will
be just tiiu same as it was during the last summer;
that the parties who desired substitutes would em-
ploy pel sons foi a less sum, and thereby it wdl
b'"Vome a regular business to furnish soldiers a*
substitutes, underbidding the prices fixed by the
Government, ff £250 is too much, it would be far
better to put it at a less sum.
M<\ COLLAMER. I merely desired to suggest
that difficulty to the Senator, thinking that perhaps
he might find some way to obviate it. His com-
plisnt was that if you pnt it at $250, it would en-
able poisons to say, " rich people can get off, but
poor people who wmnot pay K must go.5' The
same difficulty would exist under los amendment
that a ric,h num can pay ^,250 and got a substitute,
and e poor man, who cannot pay £250, cannot get
off, nor will he be permuted even to furnish a sub-
stitute himself. It seems to me that is the same
complaint that was made before.
Mr. COWAN. I have adopted the proposi-
tion embodied in the amendment I offer after a
yery great deal of reflection upon the subject, and
from actually witnessing the operation of making
a draft in western Pennsylvania, and contempla-
ting it in all its actual details for some time—per-
haps a month or more. I may say that the pro-
vision already adopted will be applicable to the
rich and those who are able to pay. I propose the
second branch of the proposition for the poor and
those who are unable to pay—those who are un-
able to come up and pay down $250, and those
who are unable to procure a substitute. It covers
both those classes. They, for their refusal, go be-
fore a court-martial and lay their case before that
court, and there they can state such circumstances
as will mitigate this fine; may mitigate it down to
twenty dollars. I have no doubt, when this draft
comes to be made, if gentlemen will observe it
carefully, they will find numberless cases which
will be embraced within the provision 1 propose
to make now in lieu of the thirteenth section; and
I will say in addition, that a man should have the
right to furnish a substitute. Take the case of a
father who is drafted, and who has a son perfectly
able and willing to serve in his stead. It would
be a monstrous proposition if he were not allowed
to bring forward his son and offer him as a sub-
stitute if the officers had no objection. For the
purpose, as I stated a few minutes ago, of widen-
ing the range and increasing the number of those
from whom substitutes can be obtained—for I
consider that of very great importance—1 pro-
pose at the proper time to make the enrollment
include only able-bodied men between the ages of
twenty-one and forty-five; because I am satisfied
it is a mistake to include persons between the
ages of eighteen and twenty-one. Almost the last
thing that Governor Cuitin told me when he was
here a few days ago, was, if possible, to pre-
vent the enrollment from including those between
eighteen and twenty-one, because they arc the
source from which people derive their substitutes,
and they will furnish enough in order to supply
the roll.
This thing of dealing in substitutes and substi-
tute-brokerage is entirely done away wish when
you fix the sum at which a man maybe discharged,
or the fine which he may pay in order to avoid the
service. At the time of the lost draft the doctrine
was advanced and promulged everywhere, that
people could notavoid the service; that there was
no way they could avoid it, except by procuring
a substitute; it was denied that they could avoid
it by paying a fine, although there was a law on
the statute-book to that effect, as plain as a law
could be made. That gave to these snbstitutc-
brokeis their advantages, and they made the most
of them and raised the price of substitutes.
I have only to say, in reply to the Senator from
Massachusetts, that I think he is utterly ond en-
tirely mistaken in saying that we fought o'u way
through the Revolution by the arms of unwilling
soldiers—by men who were forced unwillingly
into the Army.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I did not
say unwillingly. I said drafted.
Mr. COWAN. Very well; I am in favor of
drafting soldiers, and have been. I have preferred
that system to volunteering from the beginning; but
it by no means follows, because a man is diafted,
that he h an unwilling soldier. But he would be
an exceedingly unwilling soldier whom you would
drag away from his home, take him into camp,
and compel him to enter the service whether he
would or not, and provided no arrangement by '
which he could pay a fine, or commute his ser-
vice, or furnish a substitute. I say to the honor-
able Senator that m the time of the Revolution—
1 speak ceitamly as to Pennsylvania—this very
provision, oi one similar to the act of J 795. w hich
we embodied last year in the act of July 37, 1862,
existed; and if a man did not want to go into the
seivice, he paid his fine, and staid at horn -. The
drafted men who are in the field now are in the
field under a law containing that provision, and
that law is satisfactory to our people; and 1 object
to altering it. [ know that mischief will follow if
it altered, hecausc every man who has any ex-
perience in the administration of laws knows that
it is alteration^ alone which excite, harass, and get
up opposition to theiradministration. I say.there-
