1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
shall be equalized among the States, and the Pres-
ident, shall ascertain what States have and what
have not furnished their quota.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will inquire of the Sena-
tor from Vermont if his proposition takes in the
men in the naval service?
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. It ought to do so. That is
manifestly just.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am sorry that gentlemen
are looking around to find some opportunity to
reject the amendment instead of amending it.
Mr. ANTHONY. My object was to inquire
if'it needed amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. No men have gone into
the Navy from mv State.
Mr. ANTHONY. They have from mine.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to
putting that in.
Mr. ANTHONY. I did not make the inquiry
out of any necessity of my own State. My State
has furnished ner full quota for the land service,
and has also furnished a large number for the
naval service. 1 want her to have credit for them;
and I think in the State of New York it will be
found that a large portion of the forty thousand
deficiency is in the naval service.
Mr. KING. The people of New York do not
suppose that there is that much deficiency, al-
though there are undoubtedly a great number of
the citizens of New York in the naval service.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 was about to remark that
the proposition of the Senator from Vermont
seemed to be incomplete. As far as it goes I think
it is just, and I want to vote for it. But take my
own State: that has contributed, as I understand,
ten thousand men to the Navy. 1 take it that
several other States on the sea-board have con-
tributed in similarproportion. The Senatorfrom
Rhode Island says that his State has contributed
largely. Now, it seems to me that these persons
ail ought to be taken into account, awl to that end
I propose to insert in the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, after the words u volunteers
and militia," the woids, it including all persons
fumihhed to the Navy." I believe that would
meet the idea of the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. It should be an object to us
in passing this bill to frame it in such a way that
it shall be entirely acceptable to the people, and
so that it can be easily administered. Now, it
occurs to me that both of the propositions which
are now under consideration, that of the Senator
from Vermont, and the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts, will create mox-
tncable difficulties between the State authorities
and the citizens of the States on the one hand, and
the Federal officers who will undertake to admin-
ister the law, on the other. How are they going
to determine the number of men who have been
enlisted heretofore for six or for nine months or
for three years m any particular district, for in-
stance, m the State of Vermont?
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman misappre-
hends the amendment. It does not propose any
such thing. If the gentleman heard me 
Mr. GRIMES. I was called out.
Mr. COLLAMER. The amendment is that
the authorities here shall ascertain the number of
men furnished by a State; they shall then appor-
tion those men equally among the districts in that
State, the new districts made under this law; and
then they shall apportion the new levies among
the States, giving credit for what they have al-
ready furnished according to the length ofthe term
for which the men were furnished.
Mr. GRIMES. It comes to exactly the same
thing. They are to ascertain the number that have
been furnished by the State. Then they are to
divide them up into districts, and ascertain the
number which have been furnished by each one
of the districts, and then to apportion the number
that have been furnished by the Stale of Vermont,
for instance, no matter whether six, nine, or twelve
months or three years men, with the number
furnished in the adjacent State of New Hamp-
shire.
Mr. COLLAMER. The President of the Uni-
ted States ought to know, he can know, how many
of each kind of men, three yeais men and nine
months men, have been furnished. Itis proposed
that he shall reckon them according to the time of
their service. He calls men here for three years
under this bill. If the State has furnished men
for nine months, that number resolved into three
years service is the number to be reckoned.
Mr. GRIMES. Then they will have to go into
a very nice mathematical calculation to ascertain
how many have been furnished.
Mr. COLLAMER. Are mathematics difficult?
Mr. GRIMES. I apprehend that it is difficult
from some of the evidences which have been pre-
sented to the public within the last few weeks, to
find out what number of men serving nine months
will be equal to another certain number of men
who have agreed to serve for three years; and
then, to complicate the matter still further, the
Senator from Massachusetts proposes that they
shall undertake to ascertain the number of sailors
that have been enlisted from the different States,
and add them to the quota of the State where they
have been enlisted. All I have to say in regard to
that is, that that proposition has been before the
Naval Committee. We have attempted to thor-
oughly examine it, and we have found that it was
utterly impracticable to carry it into execution. In
the first place, half the sailors in the Navy, 1 pre-
sume, at any rate a very large portion of them, do
not really go by their right name. They have a
passion for enlisting in the service by some feigned
name, and hardly any of them have any resi-
dence. A great many of the sailors that sail from
New Bedford m the whaling ships are really na-
tives ofthe State of Vermont, and if they have any
residence at all it is m Vermont; and when they
get back to New Bedford fromawhaling voyage
they reenlist in the Federal service, perhaps with-
out going to the State of Vermont; and, having
been enlisted at New Bedford at the receiving ship
there, they are credited to that town and to the
State of Massachusetts. So it is with a vast num-
ber of men. That is only asample. A great many
of the interior States have youths who have gone
off when young lads and enlisted as sailors. They
have been disconnected fiom their homes for a pe-
riod of years. If they have any residence at all,
if thoy are citizens anywhere, they are citizens of
the place from which they originally started; but
they hardly ever, when they come back to a port,
get beyond that port, but reenlist and continue to
reenlist, probably under a different name each
time that they enlist. Now, under the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts, I suppose
we should credit the port, or the State in which the
poit is, with all the enlistments made there. Is
that fair? It seems to me not. It would be ex-
ceedingly unjust to the interior and to the agri-
cultuial States. There have been nineteen hun-
dred men since this war, or had up to last fall,
enlisted on the United States steamer Michigan,
on the lakes. They are picked up all along through
the lakes. A portion of them belong toOhio,an-
other poition to Pennsylvania, another portion
to Wisconsin, another portion to Michigan, and
others to the State of Illinois, and probably to
other States. How on caith can the Secretary of
War or any of his subordinates determine to what
particular State these men now belong ? It would
require an investigation that would last longer
than I trust the war is to last. It cannot be done.
Mr. SUMNER. The argument of the Senator
from Iowa proceeds on the difficulty of carrying
this proposition into effect. Now, sir, I am one
who believes that where there is a will there is
a way; and I believe if Congress imposes this
duty upon the proper Depai tments of the Govern-
ment, it will be performed. I am not insensible
to the force of the considerations presented by the
Senator. I know how lawless and loose young
men are who usually enlist as seamen.
Mr. GRIMES. Not lawless, but wild.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senatorsays not lawless,
but wild. I accept his characterization. It ex-
presses the same idea. I know, too, how home-
less they are. Well, sir, if their homes cannot be
ascertained, they will not he counted and credited
to the State. That, it seems to me, is the explicit
answer to the Senator.
I know that with regard to a large number of
them, it may be difficult to determine where their
domiciles are. But where the domicile can be as-
certained, let the State be credited with these per-
sons in this general account. It seems to me that
is a complete answer to the whole argument of the
Senator.
Take the persons to whom he refers on the
lakes. The argument is equally applicable. If
their domiciles are uncertain, they are counted out;
but if their domiciles are certain, let the State hav^
the credit of them.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us see how this thing will
operate. Suppose both of these amendments are
adoptedj a list has to be made out before we draft
anybody, in which shall be specifically stated the
number of men that will be subject to draft fro/n
each State. That will depend entirely upon the
number of men that are now in the service, both
in the naval and in the military service. There-
fore we cannot proceed under the bill and effect a
draft in any State until we have first computed
and ascertained how much will be the draft from
each particular State. Flow are you going to do
that? If the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts be adopted, we have to send (town to
Port Royal and ascertain fiom what State each
man on the Minnesota, of the six or seven hun-
dred men that are there, came.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there not a roll at the Navy
Department?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes; but that roll does not tell
where they belong.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it tell. It would be very
easy to require it.
Mr. GRIMES. If they could go back and have
the roll made over again and have it specified, we
might accomplish something; but we have to go
over the whole world; we have vessels in the
Pacific ocean, and others in the Mediterranean
squadron, others in the Eastlndia squadron, and
others in the flying squadron, under (Commodore
Wilkes, scattered all over the Atlantic. If the
amendment be adopted, we have to suspend all
operations under the draft until we can find out
the actual citizenship and the residence of all the
sailors that have been enlisted in the public ser-
vice. It seems to me that it is impracticable.
Mr. COLLAMER. I feel the full force ofthe
objection of the honorable Senator from Iowa. I
think the ascertaining of where sailors belong is
utterly impracticable. The fact that they enter at
New Bedford should not cause them to be credited
to Massachusetts. More than half of those who
enter at New Bedford, and more than half of those
who enter at New York, probably belong in Eu-
rope. A great majority of the sailors on boaid our
naval vessels at the commencement of this war
were foreigners, no doubt a large majority. So a
majority of them on board our mercantile marine
before the commencement of this war were for-
eigners. I see the utter impracticability of effect-
ing anything in this way. The objectand purpose
may be well enough if you can get at it, but the
thing is utterly impracticable. The amendment
which I have offered is presented in good faith,
and I think every gentleman who will give me
candid attention will agree that it should not be
defeated by any such impracticable amendment as
is now proposed being attached to it. It is believed
among our people, that in furnishing the volun-
teers and the militia for this war, there has been
very great inequality between the States. The
people believe that; and all my amendment requires
is that that shall be made fairly even between the
States. I trust it will not be rejected.
Mr. RICE. From the remarks which have been
made by the honorable Senator from Vermont and
others, I am satisfied that if a correct rule could
be adopted, not one fourth of those that enlist in
Massachusetts, in the Navy, would be regarded
as citizens of that State. I think, furthermore, if
we go down to the strict letter of the law as it
should be construed, there is not one of them a
citizen of that State. They are citizens of the Uni-
ted States. They are sailors that we have been
giving an annuity of four or five hundred thousand
dollars a year to for this very purpose; and I think
from the time they commenced receiving the annu-
ities ofthe Government they belonged to the Uni-
ted States, instead of to any one particular State,
because every State has contributed towards pay-
ing them.
Mr. SUMNER. I have always understood that
in the Army of the United States, the regular
Army, there were comparatively few citizens. I
believe that is the case.
Mr. COLLAMER. In the old Army.
Mr. SUMNER. Weil, say the old Army. In
the old regular Army of the United Slates there
were very few citizens. I think it will be found
that in the regular Army of the United States at
this moment there are very few citizens, or com-
