1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
privileges and rights of every Englishman and of
every freeman to be represented in any assembly
that was to have the power to tax him, and that the
colonies were not represented in the British Par-
liament. And suppose that a statute had passed
long before that, when we were of little conse-
quence, annexing the colonies which are now the
United States to the borough of Old Sarum, and
it should have been contended in Parliament that
the people of the colonies, through the represent-
atives of Old Sarum, were represented in the
British Parliament! Now, we are gravely told
that a seceding part of the State of Virginia—
seceding, it is-true, on the virtuous side, but still
a seceding part of the State—is the government
"of Virginia. All the world knows it is not; and
no one knew better than this Legislature that it
represented perhaps only thirty or forty counties
out of the one hundred and fifty in the State.
Mr. HUTCH1NS. I understand *the gentle-
man from Kentucky to argue that the legal Legis-
lature of Virginia is now in session atRichmond.
1 wish to suggest whether there is not a provision
by which every member of a State Legislature is
required to take an oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States; and can there be a legal
Legislature in this Union without that? Now,
have the members of that Legislature at Richmond
taken the oath to support the Constitution of the
United States?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Sir, I will not be drawn
into the discussion of such technical questions.
I appeal to the broad facts which are known to us
all, and upon them I stand. I do not go upon
constitutional or legal fictions at all. They are
all in the gentleman's favor. I go upon the facts,
upon the truth in the case, and every man here
knows it. I agree with the gentleman that in law
the Legislature at Richmond is just as illegal as
this whole rebellion. I agree to that, but that
does not make the Wheeling government the gov-
ernment of the whole State of Virginia, except by
a mere fiction. We know the fact to be otherwise.
But now let me examine for a moment the ar-
gument founded on that fiction. Suppose that the
Wheeling government does represent the whole
State ofVirginia, as the gentleman from Ohio holds;
how does the matter then stand? This Legisla-
ture is hereapplyingto be admitted as a new State,
and at the same time and in the same character
consenting that they themselves shall be so ad-
mitted ! What does it amount to but that here is
an application to make a new State at the instance
of the parties desiring to be made a new State, and
nobody else consenting, and nobody else left to
consent to it?
Mr. BLAIR, ofVirginia. I would remind the
gentleman from Kentucky that there were other
counties besides those embraced within the bound-
aries of the proposed new State represented in
the Legislature of Vuginia that gave this consent.
It was not composed exclusively of counties in-
cluded in the new State; and if, as I remarked be-
fore, if was the Legislature of the State, it spoke
the voice of the people of the whole State, and the
constitutional requirement is complied with.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Sir, I wish I could un-
derstand that the consent of the residue of the
State ofVirginia had been given to the separation
of this portion of it.
Mr. BLAIR, ofVirginia. It was given through
the Legislature that represents the whole State.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, that is coming
back exactly to what I said. It is the party ap-
plying for admission consenting to the admission.
That is the whole of it. If that is not clear in
itself, nothing that 1 can add to it will make it
clearer. These States will come hereafter and ask
that this war shall cease, and that they shall be as
they were, part and parcel of this Union. Will
you continue the war for the purpose of support-
ing the new States that are made out of the old
ones? If you can do thia, can you not also, with-
out any consent on the partof the people of North
Carolina, divide that State and make up new
States just as your armies progress, setting aside
the necessity of consent on the part of the Legis-
lature? If you can dispense with that, you can
make States at pleasure. And when hereafter
the Union comes to be reestablished, will it be, as
you say it ought to be, the Union as it was, or :
will it be a new-made Union—the oid, majestic
body of the Union cut and slashed up by parties, :
by passions,by war, coming to form another Gov- '
ernment and another Union? Suppose this,re-
union should take place, and you found that these
seceded States themselves havedivided themselves
up so as to give them a majority of Senators—
would you admit them? Though they should
come and say, " We have had all the sanctions of
the de facto governments; let us come in as we
are;" would you admit them in that form? If not,
let us not set ourselves the example of this.
Mr. Speaker, there is another question to which
I invite yourattention. The old State of Virginia,
when she embraced east and west, owed a large
debt. She owes it to this day. Who'istobe bound
for that debt? Is the new State? How is this debt
to be divided ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I regret to have oc-
casion again to interrupt my friend from Ken-
tucky, but I do so in order to give him, perhaps,
some information on that point.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall be very happy
to receive it.
Mr. BLAIR, ofVirginia. In regard to the pub-
lic debt, the constitution framed by the conven-
tion of the people of the proposed new State of
West Virginia, binds the new State to pay its just
proportion of whatever public debt the State of
Virginia owed prior to the ordinance of secession.
And here let me state—for I do not propose to dis-
cuss this question befoie the House—the feast to,
which the people of West Virginia will be in-
vited in case Congress refuses to give us this. This
pretended government, of which John Letcher is
the head and front, has issued, as weareinformed
and believe, the bonds of the State of Virginia,
and lent them to the confederate government, in
order to carry on this iniquitous war. Now,sir,
when the whole State is restored, if we do not
succeed in this measure, what will be the result?
The very first Legislature that meets will pass a
law binding the whole State of Virginia, eastand
west, to the payment of this debt loaned to the
confederate government for the purpose of break-
ing up this Government. And what hope have
we for the future?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I only knew,Mr. Speak-
er, that in this bill there was no provision made
for a division of the State debt. The gentleman
tells us there is provision made for it in the con-
stitution, and lam satisfied with that. That was
only a question of mere expediency which I wished
to suggest; but although a matter of expediency
U was also a matter of justice. If it has been at-
tended to, I have no more to say about it. All
that remains is the constitutional argument, that
the Constitution gives us no power to do what we !
are asked to do. That is my conviction, sir; and i
I have endeavored to express it. I leave it en- I
tirely to the judgment of the House what shall be j
done, foreseeing that when the restoration of peace i
shall be made to depend on the reconsideration of i
this question, the people of the United States will j
not continue at war for the sake of maintaining jf
the unconstitutional act, as I believe it, which we |j
are going to perform. Being m heart the friend jj
of the people of West Virginia, admiring their [!
course and conduct, my judgment and conviction 'i
of public duty forbid me to aid in consummating j
the act which they desire us to do. :
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I deemed it j
my duty at the last session of Congress to vote |
against the admission ot this new State; and as it ;
is my purpose to vote m favor of this bill at this j
time, I desire to give briefly the reasons which ij
influence me in changing my opinion, and which Jj
justify me, as I believe, in giving the vote which ;i
I shall give whenever the question shall be tnken. ij
The reason why I voted against this bill before, ,j
was that I then hoped that before this day the ;;
whole State of Virginia would have been brought
into subjection to the Union, and restored to its ll
place in the galaxy of States. 1 have been dis- il
appointed in that; and I believe now,asa matter
of expediency, that this measure is one which is
calculated to weaken and do much toward." sup- |
pressing the rebellion as it exists in that State. \i
Therefore, if it is a constitutional measure, it is
one which, in my judgment, it is expedient for
this House to pass, i see the rebel armies in ;
Virginia holding in check the armies of the Union. ;
1 see them line the banks of the Rappahannock.
Eastern Virginia biistles with more than two hun- /
dred thousand bayonets, and gleams with ail the
other implements and enginery of war. I see dis- jj
trust manifested all around us of our ability, he-
fore another winter shall pass away, to breafc'the
power of those armies and to compel fehsat StaXe
into submission. Therefore, if-the measure Is
constitutional, and if it will have, as I:beHevg*it
will, a tendency to break the power of Che r£b6l-
lion in Virginia, I shall go for ir now, and ifi good
faith.
Now, sir, on the question of constitutionality,
it was properly said by the gentleman who opened
this debate that there were but two questions-pre-
sented here—one the constitutional powert>f this
Congress to admit the State, and the other the
question of expediency. In regard to the first, it
seems to me that the only question that exists is
the single one of whether the State of Virginia,
by its Legislature, has consented to the formation
of this new State within its boundaries?1 The
Constitution of the United States clearly contem-
plates the formation of a new State out of the ter-
ritory of an existing State. Its language presup-
poses that a case of this kind would be likely to
occur in the progress of the country, and there-
fore provides for it. This is the clearand admitted
interpretation of that provision. That being the
case, the only question now relating to the ques-
tion of power is whether the State of Virginia,
through her Legislature, has consented to the
formation of this State. On that subject I do not
intend to go through the history of the proceed-
ings in Virginia* eastern or western, but shall rest
my vote on these grounds: first, that there was no
legal Legislature or government in Virginia after
that government put itself in the attitude of rebel-
lion against the united States, and refused to con-
form to the constitutional provisions necessary to
constitute it a government, without which the Le-
gislature of a State can have no legal existence;
secondly, that in the absence of any legal gov-
ernment in Virginia, a convention of the whole
people of Virginia was called, which convention
framed a government for the State, and that the le-
gislative branch of the government thus established
consented to this admission of WestVirginia as
a State. If these premises are true, they cer-
tainly show the consent of Virginia, by her con-
stituted authorities, as created by that convention
in the absence of any State government legally
and constitutionally organized.
But it is said that the whole State was not rep-
resented in the convention. To this it may be
answered, it is enough if the whole people of the
State were properly warned to be present. No-
tice, it is understood, was given to ail. If all did
not choose to be present and act, then the action
of those who did assemble and act is just as legal
and constitutional as if all had assembled and
acted. If any notified were prevented from being
present, it is not alleged that they were prevented
yy those who ask the creation of the new State,
and are to be comprised within its limits.
But it is said, further, that there may be some
difficulty abouf the public debt ofVirginia. Well,
sir, if Virginia remains in rebellion, if she suc-
ceeds, in conjunction with others of the southern
States, in establishing the independence of the
southern confederacy, where then, I ask, will the
creditors of that State, many of them living in the
northern States, go for the collection of the?r
debts ? What is the market value of the securities
of the State now under the circumstances of her'
rebellion? Sir, if I had bonds of that State in
my possession, I should consider them worth far
more with the new State of Western Virginia in
the Union as a free State, with her industrious
population, she having provided in her constitu-
tion to assume her just proportion of all the debts
of the State, than if the old State remained entire
and wasting the resources of both its eastern and
western portions in supporting the rebellion.
Again, it is said that we should be establish-
ing a bad precedent if, under the present circum-
stances, we carve out a new State and admit it
into the Union. For myself, I do not believe we
shall be establishing any precedent at all, except
that it may be in the possible contingency of a
precisely similar ca.se arising. In such case, it is
true, there mi^ht be a reasonable expectation that
we should apply the same rule. Butitis not likely
that another similar case will arise. And further
than that, if one shall arise, it is not at all imper-
ative on Congress to admit the State that should
apply. It is merely optional in any case, and
should a precisely similar case occur, its decision
would and should be governed by the surround-
