48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9.
ing circumstances, notwithstanding the consent
of the.Legislature of a State. If, on the question
of the propriety of dividing its territory,Congress
should deem it inexpedient, it could so decide,
and there would be nothing in the decision now
made to control its action. I cannot see, there-
fore, that the admission of this proposed State at
this time can give rise to any embarrassment to
the future action of Congress.
But it is said by the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] that when a recon-
struction of the Union shall take place, if Vir-
ginia is to come back into the Union, she must
come back entire, and that the action it is now
proposed to take will throw embarrassment in the
way of her coming back at all. Let mo ask the
gentleman from Kentucky whether he expects
that_Virginia, as-he regards Virginia, with her
Legislature, as he regards that Legislature—I
mean the Legislature assembled at Richmond—
will ever consent to come back into this Union,
unless it is by virtue of the exercise of the ex-
tremest power of the Federal Government? And
let me ask him whether if she shall come back by
virtue of the exercise of that power, thus com-
pelled to return, if he expects she will have the
right to claim to be received in precisely the same
condition she occupied before her rebellion, or
whether it will not be in whatever circumstances
or situation she finds herself when she is com-
pelled to return? It will hardly be admissible for
ner when compelled to come back to say that a
portion of her former territory has been carved out
without her consent, and has established its alle-
giance to the Government while she was in rebel-
lion, and therefore she will not come back unless
that portion is restored to her.
Much is said about reconstruction of the Union.
How this is to take place time alone can reveal.
As for myself, I can see no other means than by
the exercise of all the powers of the Government.
If it cannot be done by such means, it will not in
my judgment be done at all. I think, as I have had
occasion to remark before, that it will be recon-
structed by the power of the States which remain
loyal to the Union. It will be done with the
assistance of Maryland, of Kentucky, and of
Missouri, which now stand firm in their alle-
giance. Virginia will be compelled to come back
as a State, or be reduced to the subjection ofa ter-
ritorial government by the military power of the
Federal Government. It may be necessary that
she shall be overrun, desolated, depopulated, and
repeopled—a terrible alternative, and only to be
justifiable by inexorable necessity. The Union
will be reconstructed by these means, or it will
never be reconstructed at all. Sustain the loyal
sentiment in North Carolina, sustain the loyal sen-
timent in Tennessee, sustain the loyal sentiment
every where, and then, if there is power enough in
this Go vernment to do it, the Union will bo restored
in its integrity, and we shall again become a ho-
mogeneous people, and again move 011 together in
our wonted career ofprospcrity, with rapid strides
ill the pathway of national wealth and greatness.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I understood the gentle-
man from New Hampshire to speak of peopling
4<he State of Virginia with a new people. What
does he propose to do with the present popula-
tion—exterminate them, drive them off, 01 make
them slaves?
Mr. EDWARDS. I answer the gentleman that
if it were necessary to exterminate the whole peo-
ple of Virginia ill order to preserve the integrity
of the Union, I should go for it without hesita-
tion, if we had the power.
Mr. WiOKLIFFE. Women, children,and all ? ;
Mr. EDWARDS. Women and children are !
not to be found ill arms. Women and children j
are entitled to the defense and protection of everv j
civilized people. My remarks, theiefore, had 110 I
application to them. I
Mr. MAYNARD. This is an application to j
admit a new State into the Union. It is composed I
of the territory embraced within the limits of forty- ■
eight counties named in the bill, and known to the j
geography of the country, it comes with a con-
stitution undeniably republican in form. What !'
objection then to its admission? The most ob- ]'
vious, and indeed the only one seriously urged, ;
is that it is aheady a part of the Union, constitu- '
ting a portion of the State of Virginia. j
The reply to that objection is that the Legisla- i
turoof the State of Virginia, as the requiremeni of >
the Constitution is, has assented to the proposed
division of the State, to the separation of these
forty-eight counties from its ancient limits, and to
their admission as a new State into the Union.
That an old State may be divided has been set-
tled by not one case alone, but by several since
the commencement of our Government and the
formation of its Constitution. I need only instance
the division of North Carolina by the the separa-
tion of Tennessee, the division of Massachusetts
by the separation of Maine, and the division of
Virginia herself by the separation of Kentucky.
But it is urged that the Legislature of Virginia
which has given its consent to the separation is
not the Legislature of the State of Virginia in fact
or in law. I shall not argue that question at much
length. I should hesitate to do it in opposition to
the very high and venerable authority which has
addressed us upon the other side of the question
from that to which my mind is inclined, were it
now presented for the first time. At the last ses-
sion, I had occasion to discuss this very point at
some length upon the proposition to admit the
member from the Accomac district of Virginia to
a seat upon this floor. If I mistake not my ven-
erable friend from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
stood side by side with me upon that occasion. I
recollect that, in order to maintain the position
then assumed by those in favor of according to
the claimant his seat, it was deemed necessary to
sustain the present Wheeling government of Vir-
ginia as the regular legal or constitutional govern-
ment of that State. But we are told now that the
actual Legislature of the State of Virginia is in
Richmond. Can it be that a State shall have two
Governors at the same time, or that there shall be
two Legislatures going on simultaneously and co-
temporaneously with each otherin the same State,
both to be recognized by the General Government,5
I suppose that will hardly be contended. The
question, then, is: both of these Governors and
both of these Legislatures professing to represent
the State, which shall the Government of the Uni-
ted States recognize as the true and lawful Legis-
lature of Virginia? That is the question; and it
is one which, as has been well said, has been set-
tled in every department of the Go vernment; which
we ourselves have twice settled in the admission
of two members upon this floor coming accredited
from the Governor at Wheeling.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman
permit me to interrupt him for a moment ? I un-
derstand him now as endeavoring to show incon-
sistency 011 my part, between the position taken
by me 111 the admission of a member to this floor
and that now taken.
Mr. MAYNARD. Not in the least. God for-
bid that I should take up the time of the House
with the matter of personal consistency or incon-
sistency of any gentleman, and especially for a
gentleman for whom I ejitertain feelings of so pro-
found respect and veneration as for the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The distinction in the
two cases is perfectly clear and distinct.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask the gentle- I
man from Tennessee a question. 1
Mr. MAYNARD. I yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman not know
that the authority derived by Governor Pierpont
forissumg his proclamation, under which the gen-
tleman from the Accomacdistnct [Mr. Se&arJ was
elected a member of this House, was not derived
from any Legislature of Virginia, but from a con-
vention composed of the delegates from thirty-
nine counties of Virginia? In every one of the
primary assemblies, so far as I have been able to
trace them, the question discussed as the object of
electing delegates, the declaration of the primary
meetings, was that the election was of delegates to
a convention, not for the purpose of reestablishing
or setting in motion the government of the State of
Virginia, but to erect a new State government in
West Virginia. Thatconvention, so far as it came
up in the primary assemblies, and the act was of
a provisional character, assembled for that pur-
pose. It was then, for some leason, which I un-
derstand to have emanated from Washington, that
they concluded the only practicable way of accom-
plishing that end, to wit, the erection of a State
government m Western Virginia, must be through
the action of that convention to set in motion*!)
Stdtegovernment to he called iheStaia^overnmeut
of the whole of Virginia., Then, that that govern-
ment should have two things to do: first, to setup
a new State within itself; and secondly, to give its
consent. I want to ask my friend if he does not
suppose that the article in the Constitution which
provides for the consent of the Legislature of Vir-
ginia in order that this new State should be erected,
means that the consent of that portion which is
left shall be obtained ? I now ask him, if in any
true sense or spirit of the Constitution he can say
that that part of Virginia which is left has con-
sented at all to its dismemberment? I ask him
whether ho can say more than this: that this new
State, within itself, has consented to the doing, by
this bill, what is now proposed ? Ho will not pre-
tend that the portion of the old State which is left
has consented to the erection of this new State; at
least, I do not think he will.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman has asked
me a longf question. I do not know whether he
is yet through with it. If he had waited until I
had concluded the remarks I wish to submit, I
think he would have been answered.
Mr. DAWES. The truth is, that these answers
arc in general. I ask my friend fiom Tennessee,
111 all courtesy to him—and he will excuse me if
I have interrupted him in his remarks—I ask him
for a direct answer, for I know the answers have
been general heretofore, whether there was a single
vote from the portion of Virginia that is left;
whether there is the vote of anybody representing
the territory that is loft in any shape whatever,
and in any assembly whatever, consenting to the
erection of this new State of Western Virginia? I
ask him whether he thinks he is complying with
the spirit of the Constitution, when this mere form
has been gone through with that is proposed by
this bill ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I have already stated
in answer to the gentleman from Kentucky, that
several of the counties not embraced in the new
State gave their consent to the formation of the
new State of West Virginia.
Mr. DAWES. Let me reply to that. I took
some pains to examine this matter. I affirm again
that nobody has given his consent to the division
of the State of Virginia and the erection of a new
State, who does not reside in the new Slate itself.
When it must be admitted that there is nobody
in Virginia, in that part which is left, that has
consented, 1 submit that this question assumes
a different form from that which gentlemen give
it. It seems to me that this bill does not comply
with the spirit of the Constitution. If the re-
maining portions of Virginia are under duress,
and while under duress this claim of consent is
made, it seems to me that it is a mere mockery of
the Constitution.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia. The gentleman
from Tennessee will permit me. I do not under-
stand the gentleman from Massachusetts. Do I
understand him to say that nobody representing
countics outside of the new State gave consent to
the formation of the new State? Is that what the
gentleman means to assert?
Mr. DAWES. There is no use of misunder-
standing ourselves in this matter. It is true that
a representative was picked up—I say it with all
respect—in Fairfax, and that two orthree gentle-
men in other parts of the State were procured; but
they protested that they did not pretend to repre-
sent the counties from which they hailed. So far
as I know, I do not believe there is a single per-
son representing any portion of that part of Vir-
ginia which is left, who ever consented to the erec-
tion and admission of this new State. Not one.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts a question: are not
the southern States recognized in this Congress?
Are the laws which we pass a nullity there, be-
cause they have chosen to be unrepiesented ? I
think not. And so it is with regard to the State
of Virginia.
Mr. DAWES. When the proportions of this
rebellion shall have so increased that wc will sit
here a minoriiy, and not a constitutional quoi um of
this body, and attempt to pass laws, then n will be
that we will have the question which the gentleman
lias presented as a serious question for our con-
sideraiion, but not till then. AVe are a constitu-
tional body, not only in all of its forms but ir-i all
of its substance. I stood up here in reference to
the gentl.-mnn from Accomac, [Mr. Secar,] pro-
testing thai the {Hitting anybody into (his House
