m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
amend the amendment by inserting after the word |
"militia " the words "including all persons fur-
nished the Navy, as far as can be ascertained."
The question is on this amendment tq the amend-
ment, and upon tiiat question a division is de-
manded.
Mr. SUMNER. No; I said I would pass that
over for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in the
power of the Senator' to withdraw his amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment was de-
clared to be rejected. The Senator does not ask
for a division upon it, but he means to submit it
again in the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish that the Sen-
ate should understand that I do not wish to in-
terpose any impediment to the course of business,
l ut I should like to reserve to myself the right to
have a division upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
upon the response declared that the negative had
been carried, and thereupon the Senator from
Massachusetts demanded a division. The Chair
now inquires if he insists on that division.
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw that call.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
. amendment to the amendment is rejected, and the
question recurs upon the amendment moved by
the Senator from Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to move an amend-
ment. After the. word "family," in the thirtieth
line of the second section, I too veto insert the woids
"professors in colleges and teachers in schools and
seminaries shall be exempt." 1 thinkit very prop-
er that professors and teachers, in our colleges and
seminaries and schools, should be exempt from
draft. Whether the war goes 011 or not the chil-
dren have to be taught.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I luive an amendment to move
to come in immediately after the proposition now
adopted, as moved by the Senator from Vermont,
as follows:
Ami tti.it hereafter, in ussisning la il>e di^triet- fit (aeii
State the number of m'ui to be furnished theicfrnm, tiio
Provident shall take into account the number of prisons
furnished to the Navy, so tar iw can be ascertained.
The difference between this proposition and the
one winch was under discussion immediately be-
fore the Senate took a recess is thut it is not appli-
cable to the post, it is applicable to the future.
On that account it seems to me that it ia not ob-
noxious to the objections adduced by the Senator
from Iowa. It is within the power of the Navy
Department to ascertain the domicile of these par-
ties when they are enrolled in the Navy, and it
seems to me that each State and each district
ought to be credited with them. In making the
proposition, 1 but follow the two best precedents,
i suppose, that one can follow, the precedents of
the two nations where these relations have been
the. most studied and the most carefully guarded
{ mean France and Prussia. In the militaiv sys-
tems of each of those countries you will find pio-
visions most carefully introduced precisely to the
effect of the pi ovision which I now move, that is,
that the enlistments in the marine shall be so iec-
ognizod by the Government as to be credited in
the proper quarter, and to be treated the same as
enlistments in the laud service.
Mr. GRIMES. Jf ihis amendment be intended
to apply in the future solely, I do not know that
I have any particular objection to it; but I do not
so construe it. The word " hereafter" does not
apply to the words thatfollow. ft is that "hcie-
after,"that is, in acting under this law," in assign-
ing to the districts in each State the number of
men to be furnished theiefrom, the President shall
take into account the number of pei sons furnished
to the Navy." If it was "the number of per-
sons who may hereafter be furnished," it would
be right.
Mr. SUMNER. J have no objection to thai. I
so modify my amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read as it now
stands.
The Secretary read, as follows:
And that in assigning to the districts in each tftate the
number of men to be tui niched therefrom, the lVsident
shall tako into necount the number of peison* that may
hereafter be furnished to the Navy, so far as can he ascer-
tained.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend, by striking
out the thirteenth section after the enacting clause,
and inserting as a substitute for it what I send to
the Chair.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
inserted, as follows:
That any person drafted and notified to appear as afore-
paid. may. on or before the day fixed for his appearance, :
fmnish an acceptable substitute to take his place in the i
draft, or he may pay to such person as the Secretary of War j
may authorize to receive it, such sum as the Secretaiy may j
determine foi the procuration of such substitute, and there- |
upon such person so furnishing the sub-titute or paying the
money shall be discharged from further liability under that
dialt; and any poison failing to report after due service of
notice as herein prescribed without furnishing a substitute
or paying the required sum therpfor, «haH hp deemed a de-
serter, and shall beanestcd by the pi ovost marshal and sent
to the neaieet military post foi trial by court-martial, un-
less, upon proper showing he is not liable to do military
duty, the board of enrollment shall relieve him from draft.
Mr. CLARK. Upon a suggestion here, I will
modify that amendment by adding after the word
"sum," the words " not exceeding $300;" so
that the sum to be fixed by the Secretary of War
shall not exceed $300.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
modified on the mover's own suggestion.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. 1 now move
to amend the twenty-fifth scction in the fifth line
after the word "draft" by inserting "or in the
performance of any service in relation thereto;"
so that it will read:
Sec. 25. JSnd he it farther enacted, That if any person
shall resist any dialt of men enrolled under this? not into
the sci vice of the United Stales, or shall counsel or aid
any person to icsist any Midi di.ift. or shall assault or ob-
stiueidii) officer m making such draft, or in the pcrfoim-
nnee of any service in rehition thereto, or shall counsel
any person to a-^ault or obsfiuet any *ueh ofiicei, or shall
counsel an) dialled men not to appear at the place o{ len-
(h-zvou-. oi willt'ulh dis-uade jhetn horn the performance
of military duty as requited by law, such person shall he
subject to stiminaty aricst by the ptovost marshal, and kept
in eonthiement until th" dralr is completed,after which he
shall be delivered to the civil authorities, and, upon con-
viction theieot, be punished by a fine not exceeding $.)00,
oi In nnpn.-oiiment not exceeding two years, or by both of
Haul punishments.
Tin* amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I also move
to strike out in the *>ixth line of the thirtieth sec-
tion the word " only." The bill as it now stands
would give exclusive jurisdiction of certain crimes
to the military tribunals and take them away from
civil tribunals. Striking out the word'* only"
leaves it to hoih.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NESMITH. 1 move to strike out the
third section.
Mr KING. Let the section be read.
The Seeietary read, as follows:
Src. ,'hnl hvil further cnadeil.'V hat the national forces
of the I tiued .state.-, m>i now in the military service, shall
he divided into two ehwe;-. the fii-t of winch shall com-
pt ise all por-o'n Mihjeet to do military dutj between the
ages of eighteen and ilnttv years, and all unmamed persons
Mihjeet to do nuhtan dut\ above ihe age ot thirty and na-
iler the a_fe of foi ty-live ; the second eia<s shall comprise
all otner pci-on* -ulqect to do nnhiaiy duty, and they shall
not, in an\ dinner, be called into the service of the United
Suite-, until ili<>je of the first class rliall have been called.
Mr. NESMITH. 1 think there is an unjust
discrimination in this third section which divides
the military force of the United States into two
classes, one between the ages of eighteen and thirty
years, and the other between thirty and forty-
five. There seems to me to be no reason why
men over thirty yeais old and under forty-five
should not be embraced m the same class with
those under thirty. This section of the bill pro-
vides that all of the class between the ages of eigh-
teen and thirty shall be exhausted—that is, that
every man ovei eighteen years and less than thirty
years old, shall be drafted into the military ser-
vice of the United States before the men between
thirty and foity-five Khali be drawn upon at all.
I think that the discrimination is unfair, and that
there is no reason, either in equity or common
sense, why it should be made. It strikes me that
a man thnty-one or thirty-two or thirty-five or
forty years of age owes as much service to the
Government as tiie man of eighteen, nineteen, or
twenty: ami I fancy that if the bill shall be passed
in this form, with the third section as it is, It will
be the source of infinite trouble among the people
of the United States who are to render this ser-
vice. These ar* the reasons why I am in favor
of striking out the scction. i ptoposc to reduce
them all to one class,to provide that all persons be-
tween the ages of eighteen and forty-five shall owe
military service to the United States, and that the
draft shall be made from the aggregate, and not
have a separation into two different and distinct
classes.
Mr. KING. It is in order to amend the section
before the vote shall be taken on striking it out.
I perceive, by the general languge of the section,
that it divides all the national forces into these
classes. I move to amend it by inserting the
words, "enrolled or called into service under
, this act." Ifmihtirtshall be called from the States
! or volunteers shall be callcd, they should not be
divided into these classes. Any person should be
allowed to volunteer. The object of the section,
of course, is to divide persons who shall be drawn
under this draft, by this bill, into two classes, and
it should not extend to the other forces of the
United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This section
of the bill provides that the national forces of the
United States not now in the military service of
the country; that is, all persons between the ages
of eighteen and forty-five not now in the military
service of the country, and not exempt, shall be
enrolled, and shall be enrolled in two classes. The
first class consists of those between eighteen and
thirty, and the second class those from thirty to
forty-five, except that unmarried men are to be en-
rolled in the first class. Theamemlmentproposed
by the Senator from New York, I think ho will see
on reflection, does not belong here. The section
provides for the enrollment of all men in thecoun-
tiy not now m the service and not exempted by-
j this act, and for dividing them into classes.
Mr. KING. I made the suggestion because I
:j "know that a very considerable amount of forces
jl are in the progress of being raised still by volun-
|' teering. You do not want to divide them into •
j these classes.
I; Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The section
j' has no reference to them.
I, Mr. KING. The amendment that I suggest
!! would exclude with certainty any other persons
!, than those enrolled under this act.
I Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Anybody
!: can volunteer fiom sixteen yeais old to sixty,
jj This is for the enrollment, not for volunteers.
The Senator's amendment has no application here.
This division into classes was intended to make
the burden as light as possible on the country. I
thought that ihe first class ought to be carried up
so as to include those from eighteen to thirty-five.
It looked to me as though we were putting the
heavy burdens on the men from eighteen to thirty.
The answer is that men from thirty to forty-five
years of age, as a general rule, have young fam-
ilies dependent on them for care and support and
training, while the younger men, the men under
thirty years of age,#re less liable to have fami-
lies. It seems to me after all, we are putting the
heaviest burdens on the men from eighteen to
thirty. My own judgment, now is, and always
has been, that the young men from seventeen to
twenty years of age had better, as a general rule,
keep out of the Army. Go into the hospitals of
the country and you will find that a very large
portion of the sick consist of the young men un-
der twenty years of age, or of men over forty
years of age. The best part of military life is
from twenty to forty years of age. I find from the
English returns that an enormous percentage of
the sick and dying in the English service are the
young men eighteen, nineteen, and twenty years
of age, while men above twenty or twenty-one
years of age, having become matured, stand the
campaigns agreatdeal better than the youngmen.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to inquire what
the advantage is that is to be derived from having
two classes, is it contemplated that the draft
J shall bo made out of the first class exclusively ?
i Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The first
! time.
I Mr. COWAN. If that be the case, I wish to
| strike out that section, and to throw all people
■ between twenty-one and forty-five into one class
j and draw from that. In that case, the section
! might be very much shortened so as to read:
! The national forces of the United States not now in the
, mihtar.y scmee shall compose ail pei-on-i subject to mil-
1 nary duty between the ages of twent>-oiie and forty-five
| years.
1 Mr. McDOUGALL. The first scction should
