1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
by supposing that we have any warrant in the
Constitution for this proceeding.
This talk of restoring the Union as it was un-
der the Constitution as it is, is one of the.absurd-
ities which I have heard repeated until I have be-
come about sick of it. This Union can never be
restored as it was. There are many things which
render such an event impossible. This Union
shall never with my consent be restored under the
Constitution as it is with slavery to be protected
by it; and I am in favor of admitting West Vir-
ginia because I find here a provision which makes
it a free State, and because of the very worthy
men who have been sent hereto represent the peo-
ple of the proposed State. I would almost trust
them with the freedom of this Union, and that is
saying a great deal, for I find that when you ad-
mit men here from the slaveholding States, though
they may not represent ten men the owners of
slaves, they are constantly going on questions of
policy with the friends of slavery, thatis, with the
Democratic party. [Laughter.] They went with
them in caucus, and they almost uniformly act
with them here. That is the only doubt in my
mind. I have no difficulty in respect to the power.
That we have it under the belligerent right I have
mentioned, I do not doubt, But if I had not al-
most entire confidence in the people of Western
Virginia, and if I had not known their respectable
Representatives here, I confess that I should hesi-
tate much in voting for this bill; not because we
have not the power under the Constitution to do
it, but because I should fear that when once ad-
mitted they would use their power, if ever they
had it, to reestablish slavery; but I have no fear
of it in this instance. I had some hesitation as to
how I ought to vote, but I have consulted the acts
of the Executive, and I find that while in a great
majority of instances in the rebel States he has
had but little regard to the Constitution, he has up-
held it in only one. In that he prohibits the tak-
ing of the property of women and children of rebel
men who are in arms with the enemies of the
Union. I thank the gentleman from Ohio for al-
lowing me time to explain the reason why, with
my views, I shall vote for the admission of this
State.
Mr. BINGHAM resumed the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. ASHLEY, who moved that the House
adjourn.
'Mr. MAYNARD. I see the gentleman from
the Accomac district rising to the floor. I hope
he will be permitted to speak upon this question
before the vote is taken.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has had an opportunity all day to address
the House, but has not availed himself of it.
Mr. SEGAR. I say to the gentleman that I
have repeatedly sough t the floor, but have not been
able to obtain it.
Mr. BINGHAM. With the understanding
that the gentleman from Virginia submits what
remarks he has to make to-night, and that it is
not to be taken out of my time in the morning, I
will not objcct.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I suppose it is
understood that no business is to be transacted
to-night.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Aldiuch in
the chair.) The Chair so understands it.
Mr. SEGAR. I am very desirous of being
heard upon this bill, but suffering as I am at the
present moment with a rush of blood to the head,
it would be very disagreeable for me to go on
to-night. I hope, therefore, I shall be indulged
in what I have to say in the morning. I move
that the House adjourn.
Mr. RINGHAINft. I desire to know of the gen-
tleman from Virginia if it is his intention to de-
prive me of my right to the floor altogether by the
course he pursues?
Mr. SEGAR. It is not.
Mr. BINGHAM. The House has limited de-
bate on this bill to one o'clock to-morrow. If they
will extend the time until two o'clock the gentle-
man may be heard in the morning, and I will add
what I have to say after he is through.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the debate was or-
dered to be closed at one o'clock to-morrow.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The order was
made by unanimous consent. By unanimous con-
sent it may. be extended until two o'clock.
No objection being made, the order closing de-
bate was extended until two o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. ASHLEY moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House (at a quarter before five o'clock, p. m.,)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 10, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITION.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented the
petition of Thomas Blanchard, of Boston, Massa-
chusetts, praying for an extension of his patent
of a machine for bending wood for a further term
of fourteen years; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on MilitaryAffairsand the Militia, to whom
the subject was referred, reported a bill (S. No.
409) to establish an arsenal and ordnance depot
on the tide-water of New York harbor; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Onmotion of Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts,
it was
Ordered, That the communication of the Secretary of
War, and the accompanying repoits of General Ripley and
General Totten, on the subject of an arsenal and oidnance
depot on the tide-water of New York harbor, be printed
wuli the bill.
DISTRICT COURT OF INDIANA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
405) authorizing the holding of a special session
of the United States district court for the district
of Indiana, have instructed me to report it back
with a slight amendment; and as it is a local mat-
ter, and the Senators from Indiana desire that it
should be acted upon at an early day, I ask its
consideration at this time. All there is in the bill
is the appointment of a special term of the district
court for February next.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which provides that a special session of
the United States district court for the district of
Indiana shall be holden at the usual place of hold-
ing that court, on the first Monday in February,
A. D. 1863, and to continue in session so long as
the business thereof may require. All suits and
proceedings of a civil or criminal nature now pend-
ing in or returnable to the court are to be proceeded
in, heard, tried, and determined by the court at
such special session in the same manner as at the
regular terms.
The committee reported the bill with an amend-
ment, striking out of the first section the follow-
ing words," and to continue in session so long as
the business thereof may require."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
ARMY OFFICERS ABSENT FROM DUTY.
Mr. RICE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimousconsent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Militaiy AfTaiis and the
Militia, be requested to inquire into the expediency of re-
porting a bill tor the puipose of forfeiting the pay and emol-
uments of all officers or the Aimy during the time they shall
he absent from duty, except upon sick leave.
CONDUCT OF THE WAR.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House ofRepresematives con-
cut ini?,) Tii.tt the joint committee, appointed at the las t
Kp^s-ioii of {'onarc^ to inquiie into the conduct ofthe pie<-
ciit war. be, and they are heiebv, instiucted to make reports
to the Senate and to the Housb'ol Representatives with ail
convenient*pced.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That isa con-
current resolution, and does not require three read-
ings. The question is on adopting the resolution
on the part of the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 hope there will be no ob-
jection.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PIIINTIN9 OE PRESIDENT'S .MESSAGE, .
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the follo wing "res-:
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing: , '
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the President's
message, with the reports of the heads of Departments, be
printed for the use of the Senate, without thedocumentt
accompanying them.
IDENTIFICATION OF SOLDIERS.
Mr. WRIGHT. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Mihtia be, and they are hereby, directed to inquire into
the expediency of providing by law for the adoption of some
system more effectual and practicable than the one now in
use, for the identification and discharge of soldiers in the
Army, such as providing a caid or cards, to be kept by each
soldier, setting forth the name, place of enlistment, and
such other particulars as will definitely fix his status until
the order for his discharge.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to call the attention
of the Committee on Military Affairs to this sub-
ject. The present condition of our Army in re-
lation to this matter needs attention. The ex-
perience of armies in the Old World may give us
some information, some light. There is no evil
so much complained of in our Army as the diffi-
culty, not only in relation to the discharge of men,
but in relation to their pay, the subject of their
identification. The French have a system by
which they give to each soldier a card which
shows his entire status. That card is sometimes
on vellum or parchment, and sometimes on paste-
board, but each soldier carries it with him. .Now,
wc all know the evil we have in this country of
soldiers traveling about. We find them every-
where. I need not tell the Senate how this thing
occurs. I am informed by the Secretary of War
that it is against the orders of the Department,
but it is done by captains and colonels. The roll
is called in the morning and they answer, " all
present except those excused or accountcd for."
No gentleman can go over this country, as I have
in the last three months on my way here, with-
out seeing an immense number of soldiers trav-
eling without any authority.
I think it is perfectly competent for Congress
to provide by law a system so distinct that every
soldier may carry with him every important or-
der, his identification, and his entire status. I was
called upon yesterday by a gentleman who has
not received any pay for thirteen months. He
was in the battle of Williamsburg, engaged in
carrying off the wounded, and was left in charge
•of the hospital while his regimentwentin another
direction. After remaining there six monthsand
receiving no pay, he came here, but there was
nothing by which to identify him, and his descrip-
tive list was sent for. I have met men in the hos-
pitals who have been there six or eight months,
and have no means of identification.
I repeat, that I think it is perfectly competent
for us to piovide by law a system by which every
soldier may carry the mark of identification with
him. The roll is kept in the War Department,
but every important order, from the time he is en-
listed until his discharge, may go upon that parch-
ment that he has in his own possession. 1 call
the attention of the Military Committee in this
direction. Iam sure that nothing would do so
much good for our Army, nothing is more de-
manded by the country at this hour, than a sys-
tem by which it may be found where every man
belongs and where he should be. If he is in
hospital, such a card would enable him to exhibit
exactly his company, regiment, and position; and
if the proper officer shouid give him a discharge,
he could take that discharge on the back of this
card with him.
I trust the Committee on Military Affairs will
turn their attention to this subject. They will
find that such a system as I have suggested has
been adopted, after experience, not only by the
French, but also by the Prussians. Every Pius-
sian soldier, ftom the moment he is enlisted and
enters the strvice, carries his card with him. It
is a mark of identification, showing where he
belongs, and containing also every important or-
der; and he can thus show to every passer-by
his position in the Army. In my opinion, we
very much need some such system in our Army,
and I.have therefore availed myself of this occa-
