52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
sion to call the attention: of- the Military Com-
mittee to it.
The resolution was adopted.
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that on to--
morrow, or some subsequent day, I shall move
4o amend the 34th rule of the Senate, by adding
to the standing committees of the Senate a Com-
mittee on Agriculture.
NOTICE OF A BILL. '
Mr. HENDERSON gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to aid the people
of Missouriin effecting the emancipation of slaves
in that State.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 109) in relation to the Sioux nation of
Indians; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (3. No. 410)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
grant a register to the steamer Maple Leaf; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
PRINTING OF MAPS.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 110) in relation to certain maps;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask that that joint resolu-
tion may be put on its passage at once. The
Commissioner of the General Land Office desires
leave to engrave maps connected with the land
surveys, which they deem indispensable in the
office. Heretofore they have been using a map
prepared in the War Department, but they have
all been exhausted, and are not very well adapted
for the purposes of the office. This is to give
the Commissioner the right to cause a map to be
engraved for the Land Office.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution. With a view of expediting the
issue of the annual report of the General Land
Office, the resolution authorizes the public printer
to contract for the lithographing of the maps of the
several States and Territories, which may accom-
pany the same, except in regard to the connected
map accompanying the last annual report of the
public lands east and west of the Mississippi, with
regard to which the Commissioner of the General
Land Office is authorized to procurcan engraved
plate to be perfected by adding from time to time
such further surveys as may be made.
Mr. FOSTER. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from iowa about what amount of expense
will be incurred by the passage of this resolution.
Mr. HARLAN. I am unable to say;butit can-
not be very large. It is for the purpose of engrav-
ing a map connected with the surveys, to which
tlu y may add from year to year an exhibit of the
additional surveys. This is now done by hand,
by the clerks in the office, draughtsmen, and costs
the Government doubtless ten times as much as
it would to have them engraved.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
FRENCH BRIO JULES KT MARIE.
Mr, SUMNER. I move that all prior orders
be postponed, with a view to take up the bill (S.
•No. 406) for the relief of the owners of the French
brig JulesetMarie, which was reported yesterday
from the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs that there be paid, to
the order of the proper functionary of the Govern-
mentofli is Majesty the Emperor of the French, the
sum of $9,500, as full compensation to the owners
of the French brig Jules et Marie, or their legal
representatives, for damages received by the brig
in a collision with the United States war steamer
San Jacinto, on the 3d of November .last; which
collision was occasioned, in the opinion of a joint
naval commission to whom the claim was referred,
by the failure of the San Jscinto seasonably to
reverse her engine. !
Mr. SUMNER. I have an amendment to offer,
ft is to insert, after the word 44 dollars," in the
sixth line, the words " in coin;'' so that it shall
read, " the sum of $9,500 in coin." The reason
of this amendment is that the award was made in
coin in Havana, and it is to be paid in coin out of
the country; and therefore, unless the words are
introduced into the bill, the Department of State*
will not be able to pay according to the award.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
BOND OF SUPERINTENDENT OP PRINTING.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 ask the Senate to take up
the joint resolution (S. No. 108) which was re-
ported yesterday from the Committee on Printing,
and laid aside at the suggestion of the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] I have pre-
pared an amendment which will meet his objec-
tion, and it is rather desirable to pass the resolu-
tion at once.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution (S. No. 108) for increasing the
bond of the Superintendent of Public Printing.
As the amount of money which can be advanced
to the Superintendent of the Public Printing, under
existing laws, is not sufficient to enable him to
meet the current expenditures of his office, the
resolution directs that the Superintendent be re-
quired to increase the penalty of his bond to the
sum of ^40,000.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the res-
olution by striking out, in lines three and four,
the words " to increase the penalty of his bond to
. the sum of $40,000,"and insert'4 to furnish a new
bond in the penal sum of $40,000;" so that it will
read: "That the said Superintendent be required
to furnish anew bond in the penal sum of §40,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time. It was rend the
third time, and passed.
DISCHARGE OF STATU PRISONERS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone all
prior orders and take up the bill (H. R. No. 362)
to provide for the discharge of State prisoners and
others, and to authorize the judges of the United
States courts to take bail or recognizances to secure
the trial of the same. My object in desiring to take
it up at the present time is not to pirss its consid-
eration, but to ask to have it printed as amended
in the Senate, and with the pending amendment,
with a view to bring it before the Senate at an
early day, after it shall have been printed in a more
intelligiole form.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I now move that the bill,
as amended in the Senate, and with the amend-
ment pending, be printed.
| The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will not ask to have the
bill made a special order, but will avail myself of
the first convenient opportunity, after the bill is
j returned printed, to call it up. I move that its
j further consideration be postponed until to-mor-
I'VOW.
The motion was agreed to.
ARRESTS OP CITIZENS OF DELAWARE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
further morning business, the Chair will call up
the unfinished business of yesterday, which is the
resolution of the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
j Saulsbury,] and it will be read.
| The Secretory read it, as follows:
j Resulted, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
directed to inform the Senate whether Dr. John Laus and
j WlmHey Meiednh, or either of them, citizens of the State
j of Delavvaie, have been arrested and imprisoned in Fort
: Delaware ; when they were arrested and so imprisoned ;
J the chaiges against them ; by whom made ; by whoso orders
j they were arrested and imprisoned ; and that he eommu-
. mcate to the Senate all papers relating to their arrest and
j imprisonment.
| The PPlESIDENT pro tempore. The question
, is on the adoption of this resolution.
| Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeaa and
! nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] has just left the Cham-
ber, in m-der to visit some sick soldiers. Ho told
me that his colleague, [Mr. Clark,] and also one
of the Senators from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] were
to go with him, and he expressly asked that the
question on this resolution should be postponed
until himself and his associates could be present.
They do not expect to be back to-day. He asked
it as a special favor, and desired me to make the
statement to the Senate.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Does the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts move its postponement?
Mr. SUMNER. I do, unless some Senator
wishes to speak.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will ask the Senator from
Massachusetts whether either one of these Sen-
ators wishes to address the Senate on the resolu-
tion ?
Mr. SUMNER. I am not aware how that is;
but 1 am aware that all three were very positive
in their desire to vote on the resolution.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 think it would be better to
fix some specific hour for its consideration. I
always desire, myself, to have a full vote of the
Senate on any question.
Mr. SUMNER. I will move, then, that the fur-
ther consideration of the resolution bo postponed
until to-morrow, at halfpast twelve o'clock.
Several Senators. Say one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. Senators say one o'clock, and
I will change my motion accordingly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If it is convenient for
tho3e Senators to be in the Chamber this morn-
ing, I see no reason why the resolution should be
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Delaware
will understand that these Senators have already
left the Chamber in order to visit sick soldiers in
camp, and will not be here to-day.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Very well.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore* The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to postpone the further consideration of the
resolution until to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agteed to.
Mr. LATHAM, (after a pause.) If there is no
business before the body, I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 10, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. T. H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BILL OF INDEMNITY.
Mr. BIDDLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to record my
vote upon the bill passed on Monday last, to take
away the legal remedy for false imprisonment. I
was absent from the House at the time the vote
was taken.
There was no objection; and Mr. Biddlf/s vote
was recorded in the negative.
Mr. McPHERSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to be allowed the same nri vilege.
There was no objection; and Mr. M^Pueuson
recorded his vote m the affirmative.
ASSISTANT ASSESSORS, ETC.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed tu:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of conferring upon
assistant assessors the same authority to enter premises,
&c., that assessors have under section eleven of the excise
tax law. Al*?o, whether it would uot be expedient to ex-
empt the maker or makers of boards, shingle*-, stave's,and
other rough lumber from his or their own lands or umbers,
as wholesale dealers, to the amount of dollar*.
ARMY ABSENTEES, ETC.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution, which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be duected to in-
form the House: 1st, how many commissioned officers of
the Army are now absent from their respective commands,
specifying the number of each grade, and whether absent
on leave, without leave, or by detail; 2d, the number of
miyor general* and bt Igadier'general* Who are not assigned
