1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dentat liberty to call out either class, or a portion
of them.
Tho amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Oregon,
to strike out tho third section.
Mr. HOWE. I do not object to dividing this
force into classes particularly; but I do submit,
very respectfully, that the wrong classification is
made by this section. I do submit that, in my
judgment, a better classification would be made by
'including in the first class all unmarried persons
liable to do duty from the youngest to the oldest
ag°-
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That is done.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. By this section ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir. The first class includes
all persons liable to do military duty between the
ages of eighteen and thirty ycais, whether mar-
ried or unmarried, and all unmarried persons be-
tween thirty and forty-five; and the second class
includes all others. Now,it seems to me it would
be better to inclndein the first class all unmarried
persons between the two ages.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. All unmar-
ried persons between eighteen and forty-five are
included in the first class.
Mr HOWE. Yes, sir; but it includes also
married persons between eighteen and thiity.
Mi. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Yes.
' Mi. HOWE. Now, when you cornc to dis-
tinguish between the classes of married persons
that can be put into the Army, I do submit that
the older cIhss of married persons can, as a rule,
go more conveniently than the younger class. The
younger class of married persons have depending
upon them usually young children, incapable of do-
ing anything for the support of a family; whereas,
the children of those from thirty to forty-five are
of a larger growth, and are less helpless, and are
often capable of doing considerable for the sup-
port of a family. 1 think it is within the obser-
vation of every one that married persons between
the .\g'3s of thirty-five and forty-five can be spared
from their families more conveniently, and with
less distress, than married persons under that age.
But 1 think the better classification is to put in the
fiist class all unmarried persons between the two
ages, eighteen and forty-five, and in the second
class ail married persons between the two ages.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There are
a great many very excellent features in this bill,
and among the best of them I think is this dis-
tinction that is made m regard to unmarried per-
sons; for I think the bill will encourage matri-
mony, and we shall have a great many weddings
of persons between thirty and forty-five years of
age after the passage of this bill. If I could exer-
cise my own judgment, however, about this bill,
1 would make the first class include all between
twenty and thirty-five, and put all between tlurty-
five and foity-fivc in the next class, with the ex-
ception of the unmarried. I want all the unmar-
ried men between twenty and forty-five to go into
the service. An unmarried man can go without
any trouble. As a general rule, however, men
over thirty-five years of age are not very hardy
soldiers. The history of the world proves that
the military age is between twenty or twenty-one
and thirty-five, and men after passing thirty-five
years of age do not bear the service as men do
between twenty-one and thirty-five. I move to
amend the section by striking out u eighteen," and
inserting " twenty," and striking out "thirty,"
and inserting " thirty-five," in the fifth line, and
by striking out " thirty," in the sixth line, and
inserting " tint ty-five;" so that the classes will
be from'twenty to thirty-five and from thirty-five
to forty-five.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of tho Senator from Massa-
chusetts to the thiid section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recuis upon striking out the section as
amend-, d.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mi. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move
to amend the fust section, in the fourth line, by
,sti iking out" eighteen," and inserting " twenty."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire also to amend the
first section by adding to it:
And that persons of foreign birth, who shall have declared
on oath their intention to become citizens, and who shall
have exercised the privileges of citizens by voting at any
Federal, State, or municipal election in the State where they
reside, shall be deemed citizens within the meaning of this
act; and upon the honorable dischaige of any such person
from the military service of the United States, he shall be-
come, to all intents and purposes, a citizen of the United
States.
Mr. HOWE. I suggest to my colleague to
strike out the words " in the State where they re-
side." It is immaterial in what State they shall
have exercised the right of suffrage, or that privi-
lege of a citizen, I take it, if they have exercised
it in any State.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will accept the modifica-
tion. The words then will be " in any State of
the United States."
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment will
again be reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will again be read as modified.
The Secretary read the amendment as modified,
to insert at the end of section one the following:
And that persons of foreign birtii who shall have declared
on oath their intention to become citizens, and who shall
have exercised the privileges of citizens by voting at any
Federal, State, or municipal election in any State, shall be
deemed to be a citizen of the United States within the mean-
ing of this act; and upon the honorable discharge of any
£>uch porr on from ttie military service of the United States,
he hhali become, to all intents and purposes, a citizen of
the United States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As we are modifying the
language as to the place of exercising this right of
suffrage, I desire to use the words "within the
United States." That will cover all the States
and Territories and the District of Columbia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
modified.
Mr. HOWARD. I think this is attempting to
subject to military service persons whom we have
no right to require to perform military servipe.
It ib in reality an attempt to compel persons who
arc subjects of foreign Powers, and who are not
citizens of the United States, and who may never
be citizens of the United States, to perform mili-
tary duty. A person who has declared his inten-
tion merely to become a citizeiflfeof the United
States does not thereby become such. He may
change his mind, and may omit to perfect his nat-
uralization papers; he may return to hisowncoun-
try whenever he chooses to do so without ever hav-
ing changed his nationality; and I submit to the
Senate that this is an attempt to subject to our laws
and to our military service a class of persons who
do not owe allegiance to us, and who do owe alle-
giance to other Governments, to kings, to queens,
and to emperors in other parts of the world.
It is undoubtedly a principle of law, so settled
by the courts in several cases, that where a for-
eigner exercises the right of suffrage at the polls*
he is presumed to be a citizen; but that is merely
a presumption of law oi of fact, and may be over-
come by countervailing proofs. The exercise
of that right is held by the courts to imply citi-
zenship, very properly, prima facie, with a view
to determine the capacity of a party in the Federal
courts. But I have yet to learn that it is in the
power of this Government to compel a foreigner,
an alien, who owes no allegiance to this Govern-
ment, to submit to perform military service. It
is contrary, as I understand it, to the law of na-
tions; it would be an encroachment on the rights
of foreigners residing among us, and an affront
to the nation to which they belong. 1 trust, there-
fore, that it will not be adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think thattheattention of
the honorable Senator from Michigan was not
called to what occurred during the last summer.
It will be recollected that at the last session it was
provided by law that the President might adopt
the rules and regulations which were necessary
to execute the draft; and the War Department,
by military order, established the rule that those
aliens, or persons of foreign birth, wiio had de-
clared their intentions to become citizens, and had
exercised the privileges of citizens by voting,
should be made liable"to draft. The Secretary of
State had some correspondence upon that subject
with some of the foreign ministers; and a letter
from him was published, or a portion of a letter
at least, during the last summer, while the thing
was pending, in which, accoiding to my recollec-
tion, he stated that it was conceded by the repre-
sentatives of other Powers that where these per-
sons resided in the United States, and had declared
their intentions to become citizens of the United-
States, and had become residents in fact, and had
gone so far as to exercise the privileges of Amer-
ican citizenship, they could not complain if the
Government of the United States should require
them to perform military service. In our State
drafts have been made upon this presumption.
However, questions have arisen on this point. It
was alleged that, inasmuch as Congress didnotde-.
clare the rule by law, but declared that the President
might, by rule, establish the mode of draft, Con-
gress had given its legislative powers over to the
Executive, and therefore it was unconstitutional;
and some question has arisen in our State as to
the constitutionality and propriety of the act, not
on the ground thattnese persons might notbe made
subject to a draft under the law of Congress, but
that we attempted to do it by an order of the War
Department, thus giving the legislative power to
the executive department instead of exercising it
by Congress. I believe that, as Congress is by
the Constitution expressly declared to have the
power to establish a uniform rule of naturaliza-
tion, we have full power over that subject; and it
is not in the mouths of those persons who have
come here and upon oath declared their intention
to become citizens, who reside here, who, by the
laws of the several States—I refer now especially
to the western States—are permitted to vote, to hold
and to transfer real estate, and to exercise all the
rights of American citizenship, to say that this
Government, when struggling for its life, strug-
gling to defend their rights and their property,
may not subject them to its military power, and
call them into the military service of the country.
I hope, therefore, the amendment will be adopt-
ed, It affects a very large force in all the West
and northwestern States, much larger, perhaps,
than men would, at first view, conceive, because
in many of the new States which have conferred
these privileges upon those who have simply de-
clared their intentions—the privilege of voting, of
holding real estate, of enjoying all the privileges
of citizenship—there are thousands, if not hun-
dreds of thousands of persons who are living under
"the protection of this Government, and enjoying
all its rights and all its privileges, who would not
be liable to be drafted under the language of the
bill as it now stands. 1 hope the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. The document to which the
Senator refers never happened to fall under my
observation;and whether it contains the principle
which he enunciates or not, is to my mind quite
immaterial. I cannot conceive how it is in the
power of the Congress of the United States to
compel a foreigner to enter the military service
of the United States, and, in the event of war be-
tween this nation and the nation to which he be-
longs, to compel him to fight against his country;
for it comes to that, sir. Could we take an Eng-
lishman who is temporarily residing among us,
whether he has declared his intention to become
a citizen or not, and whether he owns property
or not under our laws, and compel him in case of
a war between this and his country to take up
arms against his king and Government and against
his own brethren? I hold that we have no such
power. While I say this, however, I am not
less sensible than the Senator from Wisconsin
of the great number of foreigners resident among
us who have declared their intentions to become
citizens of the United States; hut it must be recol-
lected at the same time that this mere declaration
of intention does not make the declarant a citizen
of the United States. It is at his option whether
he will proceed to the perfection of ins naturaliza-
tion or not. He may choose to omit it; he may
choose to remain the subject of the Government
from whence he came, and we cannot restrain
him to become a naturalized* citizen. The pro-
cess of naturalization is entirely voluntary on the
part of the foreigner.
We hold, to be sure, in this country, that it is
the right of every citizen of the United States to
expatriate himself, and go and reside in another
country, and become the subject or citizen of an-
other country, at will; and we hold it to be the
right also, so far as ourGovernmeni is concerned,
for every foteigner w ho sees fit to leave his own
home and come to thiscountry seekingan asylum
under our laws to become, if he chooses, a citizen
