1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to any active command, the name of each, the length of
time since engaged in actual service, and the names of the
members of the staff of each of such generals, theii grade,
and how long unemployed in actual service, and specifying
only such generals and the member* of their respective staffs
as are receiving their pay and allowances from the Govern-
ment; 3d, the number of aids-de-camp which may be dis-
pensed with without impairing the public service.
APPOINTMENTS OF QUARTERMASTERS, ETC.
Mr. GURLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of so amending the
law for the appointment of quartermasters and commissa-
ries tor the regular Army, that they may be selected from
the volunteer army or from civil life.
ADMISSION OF WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia, demanded the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER stated the question in order
to be the unfinished business of yesterday, being
Senate bill No. 365, for the admission of the State
of West Virginia into the Union, on which the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Segar] was enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. NOELL. I want to say a few words on
this subject; and I hope the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will yield me the floor for that purpose.
Mr. SEGAR. I will yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Missouri if the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] who is to follow me, does not
object.
The SPEAKER. The vote, by order of the
House, is to be taken at two o'clock.
Mr. NOELL. Mr. Speaker, this question has
been discussed so fully already that 1 do not ex-
pect to throw any new light upon it. I confess
that I have had very serious doubts about the vote
which I should give; but from a careful examin-
ation of the laws bearing on the measure, and
from a consideration of the peculiar position in
which the people of West Virginiaare now placed, !
I have come to the conclusion that it is my duty
to vote for it.
There are two clauses of the Constitution, sir,
that I understand affect this question. It is pro-
vided in the fourth article of that instrument, that
the United States shall guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect them against invasion, &c. I be-
lieve that clause to mean, not only that the peo- ji
pie of the State of Virginia are to frame and
live under a republican form of government, but
that the United States are to see that those people
are placed in a position where they may exercise
the privilege of framing and living under a repub-
lican form of government. The second clause of
the Constitution, which has been so much dis-
cussed, provides that no new State shall be formed
or erected within the jurisdiction of another State
without the consent of the Legislature of that
State. Let me call the attention of the House to
the distinction that I draw between the precise
phraseology of this clause and that which seems
to be understood by many of the gentlemen who
have already discussed the question. It is not
provided here, as it seems to be understood, that
this new State shall not be framed within the juris-
diction of another State, without the consent of
that State, but that it shall not be framed without
the consent of the Legislature of that State, and
not without the consent of the State. I draw the
distinction between the phraseology as we find it
in this clause of the Constitution, and that which
seems to be understood by the gentlemen who
have discussed this question,and more especially
the honorable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden,] who seems to believe, from his
argumentmade yesterday, that no newState could I
be erected within the jurisdiction of another State
without the consent of th'e State.
Now, sir, if this legislative body in Western
Virginia is the Legislature of Virginia, whether
representing all of the counties of Virginia or not,
if it istheconstitutional Legislature of that State, (
the only anxiety that presents itself in the proper j
interpretation of the Constitution is, that we shall !
obtain the consent of that body. It has been al-
ready said, and argued sufficiently, that the Senate,
that this House, that the whole Government has
recognized the government inaugurated at Wheel-
ing, m West Virginia, as the government of the
State of Virginia. I say that there was an over-
whelming necessity for such a recognition—such
an overwhelming necessity as presents itself to
our consideration at this time. What was it ? We
have undertaken, by the .Constitution, to guar-
anty to every State a republican form of govern-
ment. How are we to comply with that clause
of the Constitution, when the organized govern-
ment of the State of Virginia has gone into a trea-
sonable conspiracy, and has undertaken to draw
the whole State into the jurisdiction of a usurpa-
tion and of a foreign government? How are we
to comply with this provision of the Constitution
in guarantying to the people of West Virginia a
republican form of government, unless we recog-
nize in them a State in operation—a reorganiza-
tion of the old system, still attached to the Union
to which we belong? That is the only way in
which we will be able to comply with this provis-
ion of the Constitution.
There was an overwhelming necessity in an-
other point of view. What was the condition of
the people of Western Virginia when the ordi-
nance of secession was passed, and when the or-
ganized government of the State attempted to draw
the whole of the " Old Dominion" into the south-
ern confederacy? I speak as a matter of fact.
Why, sir, the courts of Virginia, the laws of Vir-
ginia, and the whole social and political system
of Virginia were broken, destroyed, perverted,
and carried away; and the people of that section
of the country were deprived of all means of reg-
ulating and controlling their own domestic affairs,
for the machinery by which those things were to
be accomplished was taken away from them.
They were left withoutlaw, without courts, with-
out officers, without everything, unless we under-
take to say here that the State of Virginia was a
State within the southern confederacy, and con-
nected to it by the ordinance of secession and by
the arrangement which was made by the commis-
sioners with that confederacy. Why, sir, no
right of persons, no fight of property, no social or
domestic affairs, could be regulated or controlled
by the people of Western Virginia, under the cir-
cumstances in which they were placed, without
recognizing the ordinance of secession, and acting
as a State within the southern confederacy.
Therefore it was that there was an overwhelm-
ing necessity that this people should have the
means to reorganize the machinery of the old
State government in harmony with the views
which they entertained,and there was an over-
whelming necessity, on our part, of recognizing
what they did in that respect, so as to enable them
to remain m the Union, and so as to secure to them
the machinery of government by which they could
regulate and control their own affairs.
But it has been said here that we should find
ourselves in an extraordinary position when the
whole State of Virginia shall have been recon-
quered, or when peace shall be restored, and she
comes back to her allegiance, and asks to be con-
sidered as a State of the Union. If, by our action
during her absence, she shall have been divided,
and her territorial limits circumscribed, it is a
consequence of her own acts. As a native of the
Old Dominion, I feel some pride in her interest,
and I would do nothing which is not right and i
proper under the circumstances. But it must be j
remembered that Eastern Virginia,under the ad- J
ministration of John Letcher, have done this j
thing for themselves. They have engaged in a j
struggle against loyalty and reason, backed up by 1
an organized govern ment warring against the Gov-
ernmentoftheUnited States. In thatstruffglethey
have torn the State asunder, and left this people
west of the Alleghanies without a govern ment and
without any machinery by which their affairs can
be controlled. If this state of things operates to
diminish her power in this Government, if it im-
pairs her dignity, the people who have dragged
ner into this condition arc alone to blame.
At all events, the men who have remained loyal
to the Government are not to suffer because the
dignity of Virginia may be impaired. But f do
not understand that Virginia is to suffer in the way
of dignity or position by this division. Though
the remaining portion of old Virginia may not
have as much weight in Congress, yet the whole
territory of the State will have more weight than
she has now. She will have the same Represent-
atives in this House as she had before, the two
States being considered together. In the Senate
she will have double power. [A Voice. That is
why I object to it,] That is why I favor it, be-
cause I know that these two new Senators from
Western Virginia will be identicaliri interest, feel-
ing, and loyalty with the loyal portion ofthis Con-
federacy. Therefore it is that I would give that
element additional strength in this Government;
*nd weaken and impair the element which is cal-
culated to break up and destroy this Union, as," it
is now engaged in an effort to do. I would', ia
these revolutionary times, do anything I could
constitutionally do to weaken and impair the
strength of the disloyal element in tfiis Govern-
ment, and build up, strengthen, and maintain the
power of the loyal element. This is my position;
and in voting to create a new State in Western
Virginia, I think I am doing something to accom-
plish that purpose.
We are living in revolutionary times, and he
who would undertake to apply measures of relief,
such as are expedient in ordinary times of peace,
is no statesman. We mustapply a medicine suited
to the disease, apply a remedy suited to the times;
and we cannot afford, while the naiion is trem-
bling upon the brink of destruction, to split hairs
on technical constitutional points. If I had power,
I would save the nation's life by the exercise of
all powers necessary to the result; for such powers,
whether expressed in the Constitution or not, are
from necessity implied. I would save the nation,
and would march with relentless step towards ac-
complishing its high and proud destiny. And I
speak it as a member from a slave State. I am
for the exercise of those powers which will ac-
complish the purpose. It is our duty to preserve
the life of the nation, and it should not die for the
want of the exercise of the proper power to do
it. I believe that these people of Western Vir-
finia are en titled to come into the Union as a State.
admit that I had grave constitutional doubts
upon this question; but when I came to consider
all the clauses of the Constitution in connection,
and the condition in which I found those people
placed in Western Virginia, I came to the con-
clusion that we had the undoubted right to do this
act, and that it is our duty to relieve that people
from the condition in which they are placed.
If, as remarked yesterday, we fail to bring West-
ern Virginia into the Union, what will be the con-
dition of that people when the war is over? We
know the struggle which took place in Virginia
thirty years ago upon the question of representa-
tion. The eastern portion of the State had a ma-
jority in the legislative body and in convention.
I remember well the struggle then, for I was at
that time in Virginia. The basis of representa-
tion fixed by the old constitution of Virginia is
so arranged as to give to the slaveholding power
of the East absolute dominion over the people of
Western Virginia. If they come back into tho
Union as a whole, the result will be, as remarked
by the gentleman from Virginia yesterday, to
saddle thiaj revolutionary debt which has accumu-
lated during this struggle, upon the people of the
whole State, and place the people of Western Vir-
ginia at the mercy of the dominant power of that
State, and subject them to all the persecutions
which they may choose to visit upon them. I
would save them from that fate.
I do not propose to detain the House with any
further remarks. I simply desired to State tho
reasons why I hold that we have the power to
admit this newState within the limits of the State
of Virginia, and the reason why I thought the
measure equitable and necessary.
Mr. SEGAR. I have no sympathy whatever
with my State jn the course of rebellion which t for
more than a year and a half, she has been pursu-
ing. I never have had any, and never can; and
it will be but retributive justice if, before thia
unhappy conflict shall end, she shall be made to
repent sorely and sorrowfully of her wickedness
and folly. But, sir, overruling considerations of
representative duty, and a regard for sacred and
time-honored principles, which have ever chal-
lenged my reverence, leave me no alternative but
to enter my protest against the passage ofthis bill,
and to put the-House in possession of certain
extraordinary facts connected with its history,
which, when known, will, I am sure have, no
small influence upon its judgment in this grave
and important matter.
I do not propose to discuss the legal and con-
stitutional questions involved in this bill; that of-
fice has fallen into far abler hands than mine; and
2 must say that, according to.my judgment, th*
