992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16.
of the United States, and entitled to all the pro-
tection and immunities of a citizen of the United
States. But, as 1 said before, this proceeding is
entirely voluntary on the part of the foreigner.
He may change his mind; ne may choose not to
remain in this country. Takeasimple, plain-case:
an Englishman, an Irishman, a Frenchman, or a
Pi nssian comes to this country; he makes his dec-
laration, at any moment after he lands upon our
shores, of his intention to become a citizen of the
United States. Suppose that immediately there-
after a war intervenes between this country and his
own country, would it be kind in us, would it be
according to the lawof nations for us to seize upon
that person and force him into our ranks, and com-
pel him to fight against his country ? I say that
such a principle is unheard of in the lawof nations,
and t do not care iiow many times the Secretary
of State of the United States may assert it, 1 en-
tirely dissent from it. We have no such right.
There may be inconvenience, to be sure, growing
out of this state of things, but we cannot help it.
We are bound by our own Constitution and by
the law of nations; and it is for the citizens of the
United States to fight the battles of the United
States, and n does not depend upon foreigners to
do so except so far as they may be required to as-
sist in keeping the peace under their obligation of
temporary allegiance as residents among us.
Mr. FI2S3ENDEN. I beg leave to remind my
honorable ft iend from Michigan that there is such
a thins: as a waiver of rig lit?:; and when a foreigner
comes to this country and declares that he intends
no longer to be a citizen of the country where he
was born, but to renounce his allegiance to that
country and become a citizen here, and has gone
so far, as this amendment provides, as to exer-
cise the rights of a citizen under our laws, and
the most important right, the right of suffrage, he
may be understood to have gone far enough to
prove that he lias no such affection left for Ins na-
tive country that he cares to engage in her quar-
rels, but has made a new one. The rest is a mere
matter of form, except so far as it gives him all
the rights of a citizen permanently, and it ought
really not to affect the question which is decided
by his declaiation and his action. Then, so far
us he is concerned, he has waived his rights; he
has gone far enough to waive all he has. If he
chooses to assert them afterwards through a for-
eign Government, then it will become a question
lor our own authorities whether he should be re-
leased or not. They have, in many cases wheie
ioreigners have v olunteered, applied afterwards
for their protection, and they have been discharged
under certain tides. It can be done then; but until
i he foreign Government does call for the discharge,
it would seem to me to he no more than justice
I hat a man who has said publicly that he has no
longer any affection foi Ins native country, but has
adopted a new one, and has gone so far as to ex-
< reise the most important rights of a citizen, can-
not have anything to complain of if he is obliged
to bear some pair of the burden which is neces-
sary for his own protection as well as those who
tue aiouud him. I therefore differ from myfriend
t'i om Michigan in the conclusions to which he has
come.
Mr. McDOUGALL, I do not wish to occupy
time in this discussion. We all understand that
the foundation of the obligation of a man to bear
arms in the defense or maintenance of a State is
that he, being within the State, is protected by its
laws. It is the teturn for piotection by the Gov-
ernment, that lie is bound to sustain the Govern-
ment. The modification of that principle, as far
as it has extended, has grown out of only two rec-
ognized exceptions: the firht, persons in transit,
rangers in the country,a man from Europe vis-
iting the United States, if you please, who has no
domicile hete:aud then foi the convenience of com-
merce, by a general understanding among com-
mercial States, men for the purposes of comnn ree
may make a domicile here lor a urn > and can v on
ade and tinnsac! business, not connecting tin m-
,-uJves with the political institutions of the eoun-
u y. Most Englishmen who come to thiscountiy,
.nid, I may say, most I'i enchmen who cmie hete
t.) reside, do not connect themselvc * with our po-
litical institutions. They come neie to engagi m
various blanches of commerce, various depart-
ments of business; their country is still England
oi France. This Government is the first Govern-
ment that ptirtieuhuly propounded the right of
expatriation, which became a dispute between this
Government and Great Britain at an early day;
but that right has been recognized by European
States to this extent: that where a person has
withdrawn himself from the sovereignty or Gov-
ernment where he belongs,and has made his home
here and made himself alien to his own Govern-
ment, and claimed to be a citizen of this Republic,
he claiming political privilegesand political rights
here, should be regarded as a person permanently
attached to this Republic, himself and his family,
with political rights, and therefore subject to its
political regulations. The Senator from Michigan
is well aware that in his State, and in Indiana at
one time, and throughout the whole Northwest, a
person from a foieign counti y  upon six months'
residence and adeclarationof intention tobecomea
citizen, acquired all the rights of citizenship, the
right to constitute local officers and to vote for the
Federal electors.
It is the simple proposition that they themselves
have given in their allegiance to this country,
that, as the Senator from Maine remarks, con-
cludes the person. The only question that was
ever raised was when, for instance, we being at
war with Great Britain, she claimed an English
subject; and she would claim him whether he had
merely declared his intention to become a citizen
or was actually a naturalized citizen of the Uni-
ted States; for they said*'4 once a subject of the
crown, always a subject." That has now been
ignored throughout Europe, and is not the law
recognized in European States at this time. There
is no question on this point now between Great
Britain and this Government, between France and
this Government, between Austria and this Gov-
ernment; and indeed if there was a question, the
point has been yielded by those several Govern-
ments. The question is as to those who have de-
tached themselves from the Governments where
they were once subject, declared their intention to
become citizens of this Republic, and assumed by
that very act privileges that belong to that par-
ticular condition, involving to a gieat extent and
throughout many parts of the Union the whole
privileges of full citizenship.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from California, in aid of his argument, allow
me to call his attention to the case of Martin
Ivoszta?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I was referring to that
when speaking of Austria. He was simply a per-
son who had declared his intention to become a
citizen, and our Government asserted his right,
and it was acknowledged. This would bo a very
infirm law of conscription, if wc should withdraw
fiom the persons subject to conscription all those
persons who, coming from Europe with the in-
tention of making their home on this continent,
have disavowed ail allegiance to all foreign Gov-
<*n ments and affirmed their intention to make their
home here and become citizens of the Republic,
and who have received and are receiving every
day the protection of our laws. Why should not
they be subject to the same law with other citi-
zens? There is no reason for it; and they are
fully and completely subject to the law. Inhere
is no question about ihis. The Senator from
Michigan will not dispute that tfSey are subject to
our laws.
Mr. HOWARD. Will my honorable friend
allow me to ask him a question? Are they any
more subject to the laws of the land after they
have declared their intention to become citizens
than they were before? Does not the fact of their
mere arrival among us and residence here subject
them to our laws and require from them obedi-
ence ?
Mi. McDOUGALL. In iep]y to the gentle-
man I will state to him that, first, by the under-
standing and compact between States, or the laws
of nations, if you please, certain persons, repre-
sentatives of the Governments abroad, have privi-
leges here winch exempt them from exact sub-
mission to' our laws. Then there is a comity of
nations beyond that, which protects petrous who
aie strangers in the country. The comity of na-
tions protects the subjects of the Prussian Gov-
ernment oi the Fiench Government or of the Eng-
lish Government while here, having the animus
revertendi to the country from which they came,
being sojourners among us. Then, again, those
who come here tor the purposes of commerce and
to make their temporary home here, by the comity
of States, as it is called technically, the courtesy
of States, are exempted from the obligations of
those who come here to claim the full benefit and
protection of our laws. Comity involves consent;
it does not impair the right. The light, by the
law of nations, is in favor of the ministers of for-
eign Governments and the attaches who belong to
their legation; but the person who comes here as
a mere denizen, who comes here for the purposes
of commerce, is subject to our laws; and being
here, he could be put under this law, and would
be bound to obey it and fight under our flag, un-
less we recognize, not the law of nations, but the
comity of States as distinguished from the law of
nations. JNfoGovernmentrecognizing the courtesy
of nations would do this. There is a vast differ-
ence between international law and the courtesy
ofStates that protects sojourners and persons who
come here for a period to engage in commerce or
trade; but when a man comes here with the inten-
tion of making this his home, by the modern law
of nations—as it has been admitted among the first
States in Europe, and as it has been maintained
by us—there is no right remaining m the person,
and no right remaining m the foreign Govern-
ment to claim him. The person concludes him-
self by his declaration, and these Governments
have allowed, and been compelled to allow, the
right of expatriation. England has been compelled
to allow it, because her policy has been to send
large immigration to this continent. The Irish
immigration to this Republic has been promoted
by the English Government; German immigra-
tion has been promoted by the German States; and
in the face of the facts of history they would not
dare to maintain, and did not dare to maintain in
the Koszta case against this Government that the
people whom they had sent fiom then own shores
to tins Republic to make a home here, to identify
themselves with the Republic, to have the benefit
of our laws, should after that, and after they had
dcclated their intention to become citizens of the
United States, be subject to Austrian, French, or
British rule.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I do not doubt
that the class of unnaturalized foreigners who
have taken the preliminary oath of abjuration of
their own Governments, and especially those who
have exercised the privilege of voting in this coun-
try, ought to perform military duty. But that is
not the question. The question is, has the Gov-
ernment of the United States the power to make
them do it? I hold that Congress has not the
right nor the power to make any person perform
military duty but a citizen; and there are but two
modes of acquiring citizenship: the one is by birth,
and the other by conformity to the uniform rule
established upon the subject of naturalization by
Congress. We all know that this uriifoim rule
requires two oaths to be taken; and until the last
or final oath is taken there is no citizenship; there
is no citizenship that will entitle the person hav-
ing taken the preliminary oath to any other or
further rights than he would be entitled to with-
out having taken that oath.
1 do not think the amendment ought to prevail
for one or two reasons. In the first place, we
want no complications with foreign Powers; and
in the second place, we want no humiliation of
our Government and our functionaries by passing
a law which cannot be enforced by it. We do not
know what pretexts foreign Governments may
set up to make a quarrel with us. I am satisfied
of one fact, that whenever the French Emperor
gets the consent of England he is ready to break
the blockades at Mobile, at Charleston, and at
Savannah, and to play anew the game of Nava-
rino, I think it would be bad policy to attempt
any measuie, or any line of policy, that might
provoke or give pretext for any imbroglio of the
kind. Suppose such a law should be passed, and
a paity in the condition of one of these foreign-
ers who had taken the prehmmai y oath should
claim the protection of his former Government
through its representative here, and that repre-
sentative should interpose his objection and his
protest to the conscription ordrafting a subjectof
his Government who had not become a citizen of
the United States according to its laws, would not
our authorities as a matter of course direct that
he be discharged, or incui the hazard of a broil
and a war with tlu; particular foreign Power? It
seems to me that that result would ensue; and
sooner than put ourselves in the position of having
