56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
ognize, the one which was in arms against it,
striving to overthrow the Federal authority in Vir-
ginia, or the one which was loyal to the Federal
Constitution and to its provisions. This Gov-
ernment decided, and I think wisely decided, that
it would recognize that loyal government as the
government of Virginia; and they recognized the
loyal people as the legally constituted authority
of that State, and as it seems to me it well might
do; and if so, that settled the constitutional ques-
tion.
The new Legislature of Virginia was the con-
stituted authority, the rightful government of the
State. I do not care if two thirds of the people of
Virginia were in rebellion, so far as the passage
of this bill is concerned. I do not care whether
they have given their consent or not, so long as
the legally authorized and recognized government
of the State has given its consent. If may be said
that it is hard for these two thuds to have us di-
vide their territory without their consent. But,
sir, they have put it in our power to do it by their
own wrongful acts, and they are estopped from
saying that it is unjust for us to do this thing.
They may say it is hard. I have heard thatu the
way of the transgressor is hard;" but they are not
in a condition to complain that this act is uncon-
stitutional,'or that this authority is not propeily
exercised by us.
Then, the whole question before the House re-
solves itself into a question of expediency. Is it
expedient to create this new State? The people
of Western Virginia have taken up arms nobly
and patriotically in defense of the Government,
The men in Eastern Virginia have taken uparms
basely and treasonably ngamst our Government.
The people of these two sections have met each
other upon the battle-field. Will the people of
Western Virginia hereafter meet in harmonious
counsel with the men who have slam their broth-
ers and their sons upon so many battle-fields?
Is it for the interest of this Government that we
should force such men into such society? Is it
right that we should put upon those men in West-
ern Virginia the obligation to pay the debt con-
tracted by Eastern Virginia for the purpose of
maintaining a force in the field with which to slay
the people of Western Virginia? Is that justice?
Is that right? It is not right that we should do
these things. I believe, with the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maynaivd,] that wo are bound
to sustain these'loyal men in the border States by
every means in our power; that we should hold
out to them every encouiagement we can to in-
duce them to be loyal and earnest in the cause of
the Government; that we should conciliate them
by rewarding them for their loyalty, their valor,
and their virtues.
^ I have lit tie sympathy with gentlemen upon this
side of the House who sometimes say things of
those gentlemen which I do not think is becoming
or proper.' The trials of the border State men are
severer than ours. They have given evidence of
their devotion to the Constitution and the Union,
such as their northern traduceis could not offer.
Mr. BINGHAM. Itscems to mo, Mi. Speaker,
that if the House were to adopt the position which
has been assumed by some of the gentlemen of
this body who have opposed this hill with great
earnestness, that all seeming and alleged consti-
tutional difficulty to the admission of this State of
West Virginia would vanish at once. The posi-
tion, winch lias more than once been assumed in
this debate, that there is no State there, but that
what was once the State of Virginia is now only
a Territory of the United States, within the limits
of a former State organization, relieves this House
ofaliconstitutional difficultiesupon the question of
the admission of a new State organized therein.
Sir, it is too late for any man in the American Con-
gress to lise in his place and say that before the
people of any Territory of the United States can
organize and establish a constitution and form of
government, preparatory to admission into the
Union as a State, an "enabling act" of Congress
is necessary. There are too many States repre-
sented upon this floor, and in the Union to-day,
which were organized into States and admitted as
such by Congress without the authority of any
enabling act, to admit of any such position being
maintained in this House. If no State formed or
organized within the territory of the United States,
could be admitted into the Union without thepre-
vious authority of a a "enabling act," what be-
comes to-day of the Representatives upon this
floor, and upon the floor of the Senate, from the
State of Michigan? There was no enabling act
there. The people,in the exercise of their inherent
power to form their own local government, organ-
ized for themselves within that Territory a form of
State government, by the adoption of a written
constitution, sentit to the Congress of the United
States for their approval, and which approval was
all that was needful to give full and legal effect to
their act.
The whole question which has been brought
into this debate touching the necessity of an "en-
abling act" was,upon theapplication ofMichigan
for admission into the Union as a new State, ably
discussed and fully and carefully considered in the
Twenty-Fourth Congress. There wasfirston that
occasion, if I recollect aright, the opinion of the
Attorney General thatno such act was needful, and
which recited the precedent of Tennessee, which
had been admitted as a new State without such an
"enabling act.'5 The question was brought to the
consideration of the House and the Senate, and,
after an exhaustive debate, a direct vote was taken
upon it whether the new State could be organized
and admitted into the Union without a previous
" enabling act." If any one will consult the record
of that vote in the Twenty-Fourth Congress upon
the admission of Michigan, he will find that it was
decided by a very strong majority in favor of the
right of the people to frame for themselves a State
constitution and 'government preparatory to ad-
mission as a State into the Union without a pre-
vious " enabling net." This right of the people
can no more be taken from them by Congress than
can the rightof petition. It was because this right
is inherent in the people of every national Terri-
tory that Michigan was admitted as a new State
into the Union against the objection that there was
no 11 enabling act."
I might go further in this connection, and re-
mark that in the instance of the Slate of Michi-
gan, while it was yet a Territory of the United
States, and before admission by Congress into the
Union as a State, the constitution which the peo-
ple had adopted was put into operation; the peo-
ple under if organized their courts of justice, and
assumed to exercise, and did exercise, the highest
powers ofsovercignty—the powers of legislation.
Congress, by the act of admission, gave effect not
only to their constitution, but, by relation, gave
legal cffcct and validity to all that had been done
by that people under their new constitution. With
such a precedent unchallenged to this day no fur-
ther word need be said in support of the propo-
sition for which I contend, that the people of any
Territory of the United States may, without an
enabling act of Congress, frame for themselves a
constitution and State government, and be there-
by, with the consent of Congress, admitted as a
State into the Union.
What, then, becomes of the objection to the
admission of the new State of West Virginia,
because there was no enabling act, if, as the ob-
jector asserts, Virginia is to-day only a Territory?
Why, sir, if Virginia is only a United States Ter-
ritory, it results that the people of that Territory,
who apply for admission into the Union under a
constitution adopted by themselves,are exercising
only the right of petition-—a right which no man
can question. If the fact be as asserted, then the
only question for this House to determine is, not
whether it is constitutional, butis it expedient to
grant the prayer of the petition, and thereby give
effect and validity to their constitution. There is
the end of the argument, so far as the constitu-
tionality of that question is involved, if we adopt
the assumption that Virginia is but a Territory of
the United States.
1 think it proper, before proceeding to consider
the weightier questions which have been raised
here, to notice the objections made by the Repre-
sentative from the Accomac district, [Mr. Sf,gar,]
who has just taken his seat. His argument, m
my judgment, was nfclo de se—a self-destroyer.
In one breath he says that the convention which
met at Wheeling was a constitutional convention,
and the Legislature there assembled a constitu-
tional Legislature; in the next breath he denies
that these bodiesaieconstitutionalorlegal bodies,
if it be tiie constitutional Legislature of the State
of Virginia which assembled at Wheeling, then
it had the power to provide, as it did provide, for
the action of the people touching the adoption or
rejection of this constitution, and the organization
of this proposed new State within the limits of
Virginia. And yet the gentleman, further on in
his speech, came to the conclusion that this legis-
lative body at Wheelingwas informal; that it was
unconstitutional; that it was tyrannical and oppres-
sive; and he asks this House to interpose its shield
between the outraged people of Virginia and this
tyranny. A constitutional Legislature who, by a
constitutional ac|, authorized the people to vote
for or against a constitution framed by their own
delegates to enable them, if they see fit, to organ-
ize for themselves a new State, and to petition the
Congress of the United States for its admission
into the Union, a tyrannical body!
It is the first time I have ever heard a Represent-
ative upon this floor venture so far as to say that
an actauthorized by the Federal Constitution,and
within the express reserved rights of the peopleof
every State, is an act of tyranny. Thcgentleman
says that in the convention which convened the
Legislature of Virginia, eleven of the counties
within the proposed State were not represented.
What of that? Does the gentleman mean to say
that it makes invalid all that lias been done under
that convention ? Let him remember, if he pleases,
when he makes an argument of that sort, that that
convention, which was an original act of sover-
eignty of the people themselves in Virginia, ap-
pointed the very Governor of Virginia under
whose proclamation he ventured to become a can-
didate for a seat in this House, and under whose
certificate he ventured to present himself here for
admission. He cannot be allowed to blow hot and
cold in this way upon a question of this sort. If the
convention was invalid, then their appointment of
a Governor was invalid, and his proclamation for
the election, under which the gentleman claimed
his seat, was also invalid. The election proclama-
tion of Governor Pierpont, if I recollect the rec-
ord aright, was issued before the people of Vir-
ginia were permitted to speak by bnlioton the ques-
tion whether Governor Pierpont should be their
executive or not. It was the act of the conven-
tion itself that appointed the Governor of Virginia
under whose proclamation the gentleman was
elected; of that very convention which the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Segar] stands here thia
day to repudiate.
There was one other objection in the gentle-
man's argument—if it may be called an argu-
ment—which 1 desire to notice, and that was that
there was not a sufficient number of votes given
at the election to justify the House in concluding
that this constitution is the act of the people. It
is the first time, I may be permitted to say, that
I have heard any man say that the neglect or re-
fusal to vote of part of those duly qualified to vote
invalidates an election which in other respects is
legal. If that were so, then U would be impossi-
ble for the people in the State of Virginia, as long
as these rebels choose to remain rebels, to reassert
their rights. As to the way in which the minority
may assert their ngh ts against a majority of rebels,
I shall have something to say hereafter.
If the gentleman honestly entertains the view
of the subject which he has expressed, and to
which I have just referred, that an election legally
held is made invalid because the great majority of
the voters choose not to attend and vote, then with
what propriety did the gentleman come herefrom
a district in which there are fifteen or twenty thou-
sand voters, backed by the pitiful vote of only
twenty-fivecitizens,and ask aseat upon this floor?
[Laughter.] A man capable of playing that role
might be capable of betraying in his place, after
he is admitted, the reserved rights of the people
whom he represents.
Mr. Speaker, 1 come now to the other question
that has been raised in this debate. No one could
be more surprised than I was to see the venerable
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
upon whose head time, with its frosty fingers, has
scattered the snows of more than seventy winters,
and who, for nearly half a century of public ser-
vice, has had so much of opportunity to learn the
true theory of our Government, come here and
ignore its very first principles altogether; and that,
too, in the teeth of his own manly utterances made
no longer ago than at the last session of this House.
He uttered a great truth at the last session, in
speaking of the reserved rights of the people of
Virginia, when he said that the convention of that
people to reorganize their State government was
