994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I have no
objection to putting it "dependent upon his labor
for support."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
mcnt will be so modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I now move,
in section ten, line four, to strike out "eighteen,"
and insert "twenty;" so as to make it twenty-'
years as the age for enrollment; and that will make
the section uniform with the amendments already
made.
Mr. HOWE. This amendment ought to be
made, if the others arc adhered to; but I shall want
to raise a question on the other amendments.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts.. Let this
amendment be made so as to make the bill har-
monious, and then you can raise the question on
the others m the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I propose an amendment to the
second section. I propose to strike out all after
the word "owning," in the twenty-eighth line,
down to and including the word " family" in the
thirtieth line in the following words: " or occupy-
ing and actually residing upon a farm of not ex-
ceeding fifty acres, upon which lie is dependent
for the support and maintenance of himself and
family," and to insert the words, " property val-
ued at less than $3,000;" so that the clause will
read:
7. All ftithers having two or more children, no one of
whom Is over the njre of fourteen years, owning piopcrty
valued at lets than §3,000.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Strike out
the whole clause.
Mr. HOWE. I am willing to strike out the
whole of it; but this is a very unjust discrimina-
tion as it now stands.
Mr, WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope that
amendment will not be made. I think the whole
clause should be stricken out. It seems to me it
is n very improper exemption. It provides that
"all fathers having two or more children, no one
of whom is over the age of fourteen years, own-
ing or occupying and actually residing upon a
farm of not exceeding fifty acres, upon which he
is dependent forsupport and maintenance of him-
self and family," shall be exempt. That exemp-
tion does not apply to a father with children under
fourteen years of age who has no farm. 1 think
this exemption ought not to be in the bill.
Mr. IIOWE. L will compromise with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. It ho will move to strike
it all out, [ will withdi aw my ameudim nt,
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Very well.
I move to strike out the seventh exemption.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin withdraws his amendment; and
the Senator fiom Massachusetts proposes, in sec-
tion two, line twenty-six, after the word "ex-
empt," to strike out the following words:
7. All father* bavin? two or moie children, no one of
whom Is over tin: : <;« of fourteen year.>, owning or occu-
pying and actually leading upon a farm of not exceeding
filly ac es upon which he is dependent for support and
maintenance ol hinwll and iamily.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I am not quite satified to leave
the proviso at the end of that section as it is. As
it now stands it will exempt hundreds of persons
in our large cities who have been punished by
imprisonment in a penitential y for a misdemeanor.
That ought not to he so. I
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I am will- j
ing to have that stneken out. i
Mr. HARRIS. I propose, therefore, a differ- '
ew amendment from that which I suggested be- I
fore. I propose to strike out all after the word >
" felony," in line thirty-three, down to mid in- '
eluding the word "person," in line thirty-four, '
so that the clause will read:
That no pei^ou who has been convicted of any feiony
shall be enrolled or permitted to serve in said fore-
Thai is a State prison offense.
Mr. SUMNER. But, Mr. President, the word j
" felony" is a word that has been discussed now i
for more than five centuries. j
Mr. HARRIS, So far as I understand the word i
" felony," it means a State prison offense. j
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think that is a definition I
that is peculiar to the Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York proposes, in line three of section
two, after the word " felony," to strike out the
words " or other crime punishable by imprison-
ment in a penitentiary or State prison;" so that
the clause will read:
Provided, That no person whohas been convicted of any
felony shall be enrolled or permitted to serve in said force.
S&he amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I propose another additional
exception in that section, to come in after the word
" family," in the thirtieth line, as the eighth ex-
emotion.
Mr. CLARIC. It should be the seventh, as
that is now stricken out.
Mr. HARRIS. Very well; I will make it the
seventh:
7. Persons who,beingfromscruplcsofconscienceavert<e
to bearing arm^, are by the constitution of any State ex-
cused therefrom.
1 desire to make this single remark. There arc
in some of the States persons who are so averse
to bearing arms that they will not even pay a
fine. There are the Shakers in my own State,
with whom we had nt one time a great deal of
trouble on this subject. I do not want to be em-
barrassed in this thing by any conflict between
this law and the State constitutions. By the con-
stitution of New York this class of people arc
now entirely exempt from military duty; aud
while I do not feel much inclined to make exemp-
tions, I think it will be bettor not to make a law
in conflict with our State constitutions.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will the
Senator state his amendment again?
Mr. HARRIS. "Persons who, being from
scruples of conscience averse to bearing arms"—
1 copied this from the constitution of New Yoik
—"are by the constitution of any State excused
thcrefiom."
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will sug-
gest to the Senator to modify it so as to read,
" the constitution or law of any State."
Mr. HARRIS. I tlo not want to go further
than the constitution.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. The con-
stitutions of some States do not exempt, but the
law does, the same class of persons. I suppose
the intention is to exempt Shakers and Gtuakeis;
and in some of the States I think they are ex-
empted by the constitutions, and m others by the
legislation of the States.
Mr. CLARIv. If we except these people, it is
upon the ground that they are conscientious about
it. A man in a State where the constitution docs
not excuse him is just as conscientious as the man
in a Slate where i( does. A Shaker in my State
is just as conscientious, I take it, as a Shaker in
New York; but the constitution of my State does
not excuse him; the law does.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. CLARK. Make it broad enough to cover
the whole, and 1 have no objection to it. «
Mr. HARRIS. I will modify it so as to read,
" constitution or laws of any State."
Mr. McDOUGALL. I trust no such amend-
ment will be permitted. I do not undetstand how
a Government can be maintained and how people
can be piotected unless they yield to the laws as
a body; and I am not any more in favor of pro-
tecting any classes that may exist in New Hamp-
shire or New York than classes that may exist
in Utah. 1 say the obligation restsequally upon
all; and if we are making a geneuil law, let us
| make it apply to all. We have made it apply to
j persons in legislative bodies, who have to do with
| making laws for the Government. Such excep-
! lions, I think, are a kind of trifling with grave
! matters. If the Government has the right as well
, as the power to call its citizens into the military
! service, lot it be exercised; and if the}' cannot
j afford to light they must pay.
Mr. CLARK. I am obliged to the Senator
| from New York for making this amendment. I
| think it may he trifling with grave matters to com-
I pel people to fight whoso conscicnces forbid them
to do it. These Quakers and Shakers, so far as
I know them, are among our most patriotic peo-
ph>; and you shock their religious feeling and their
religious sense if you compel them to bear arms;
but if you excuse them from military service
they will pour out of their subsistence to aid the
country, and their blessings to help your cause.
They had better ho excuHed.
Mr. TEN EYCK. If an exemption is to be
made on account of conscientious scruples, then
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
New York, as proposed to be amended by the
Senator from New Hampshire, does not go far
enough. That only proposes to exempt persons
of that character who are exempted either by the
constitutions of their States or by the laws of their
States. Now, there are many persons of this de-
scription in other States who are not exempted
either by the constitutions or laws of the States.
If the amendment is designed to relieve such per-
sons who have those conscientious scruples, it
should go further; and I will ask for a modifi-
cation of that kind to exempt the Quakers and
Friends of New Jersey, Delaware, and Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Are they
not exempted by law or the constitution in those
States ?
Mr. TEN EYCK. No, sir; not in our State,
but are liable to military fine now. I insist, there-
foie, if the amendment is adopted it must go fur-
ther. As to the propriety of the amendment, I
have nothing to say at present.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. This amendment
would operate very unjustly on the people in the
State of Indiana who arc conscientiously opposed
to bearing arms. They aie not exempted either
by the law or the constitution in our State. The
provision of our constitution is, that those who
are conscientiously opposed to bearing arms shall
not be compelled to bear arms, but they shall pay
a fine to be assessed by law, which has bet\n fixed
at $200, I think, in my State. A Quaker in the
State of New York,who has conscientious scruples
about bearing arms, is exempted absolutely and
without any fine by this provision. The opera-
tion of this law would be to introduce a different
rule in almost every State of the Union; for the
law and the constitution of those States are en-
tirely distinct and different. All persons having
conscientious scruples should be excluded abso-
lutely, or should be excluded upon the payment
of a line, and it should operate equally. The
effect of this amendment will be unequal and un-
just.
Mr. POMEUOY. I should suppose that the
Governor of a State would feel embarrassed with-
out this provision; because every Governor has
sworn to support the constitution of lus State, and
to see that every citizen enjoys the protection of
the laws of his State. The Governor of New
York, for instance, with that oath upon him,
might, with a good degree of plausibility, resist
the execution of this conscription law in his State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to ask my friend
if he does not know that the laws of the United
States, passed in pursuance of the Constitution of
the United States, are the supreme law of the land,
and that they override the constitution and laws
of the State, and that the Governor's oath does
not apply in such eases at all.
Mr. POMEROY. I know that very well; but
if the Governor is disposed to find fault with a
law of Congress of this kind, he can shield him-
self behind the constitution and laws of the State,
and it affords him a very good pretext to do it. I
propose, by sustaining this amendment, to ex-
clude him from going behind any such pretext;
and therefore 1 am in favor of this amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. There is one other class to
which I will call the attention of the Senator from
New Yoik, still larger than that which he has in-
dicated; the class of clergymen, or ministers of the
Gospel. I would suggest that he add to the class
which he has already designated, ministers of the
Gospel.
Mr, POMEROY. They will fight.
Mr. SUMNER. They will go into the field as
chaplains.
Mr. HARRIS. If the Senator from Massachu-
setts will move that as an amendment to my prop-
osition I will vote for it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will ask the Senator
from Massachusetts to modify his proposition s6
as not to include the Methodist clergy, because
they are a fighting clergy.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask tire Senator's pardon.
I prefer it should be general.
Mr. HOWARD. I think this amendment en-
tirely superfluous. I think the loyal clergy are
among the most fighting portion of our popula-
tion, quite as reliable as any other.
