1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
an original act of sovereignty. Ithasalwavs been
so held. The very Constitution under which the
American Union exists this day; the very Con-
stitution under which every Representative upon
this floor hotels his seat tins day, came to be by
virtue of that original sovereignty in the people
which they have not surrendered, which they
could not surrender if they would, and which they
should not surrender if they could. There is not
a man familiar with the history of this Govern-
ment but knows the fact that the Constitution of
the United States was formed and ratified by the
people, and put into full operation and effect in
direct violation of the written compact between
the several States of the Confederacy. By what
authority ? Let him who is called " the father of
the Constitution" answer that question himself.
When the Constitution was on trial for its de-
liverance before the American people, the enemies
of that great instrument pointed to the fact thatif
it were adopted, it would be adopted in direct con-
travention of the written compact of perpetual
union between the thirteen States; because it was
provided in the instrument itself that the ratifica-
tion of nine States, no matter if every man in the
four remaining States protested against it, should
give effect to the instrument, and make it the su-
preme law, to the entire exclusion of every pro-
vision of the Confederation within the limits of
the States adopting it. The question was asked,
how can you abrogate the compact without the
consent of all the parties to it? What was the
answer to this question given by Madison, and
addressed to the listening people of all the States
of the Confederacy who wer£ about to pronounce
judgment upon the Constitution? He said:
" The question is answcied at once by recuning to the
absolute necessity of the case, to the gieatpunciple of self-
pieseivation, to the transcendent Jaw of nature and of na-
ture's God, wlneli declines that the safety and happiness
of society are the objects at which all political institutions
ann, and to which all such institutions must be sacrificed."
And thus was the question raised by the ene-
mies of the Constitution answered; and by acting
upon the great principle of "self-preservation,"
the people ordained the Constitution and super-
seded the Confederation.
There is nothing in the Federal Constitution to
take away or limit this right of self-preservation
in the people; nor is there anything in tiiat instru-
ment that is contravened by this action of the
people of Virginia. Need I stand here to argue
that theic is not one line or letter in the Federal
Constitution that pretends to grant any power to
the people of any State to oiganize a State gov-
ernment for themselves, especially the original
States? Their State governments existed before
the Constitution was made; they continued after
the Constitution was made—not by the grant of
the Constitution, but by the inherent power of
the people themselves, a power which they have
never surrendered, and which they can neversui-
rendcr. No truei utterance was ever made on the
floor of the American Senate than that of the late
Mr. Benton, when he said that the people of any
State might alter and amend their constitution at
their pleasure, without consulting anybody out-
side of the State.
Mr. DAWES. Provided it be republican.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly, provided it be
republican. There is that limitation. And pro-
vided further, if you please, that it docs not con-
travene any of the guarantees of the American
Constitution to the citizens of the United States,
or any of the restrictions upon the States. I agree
that there are limitations imposed by the Consti-
tution beyond which the people of a State may not
go; but I am speaking of the power of the people
in the States to reorganize their State govern-
ments atpleasure, always in subordination to, but
not by grant of, the Federal Constitution. My
position is, this power is inherent in the people,
and does not exist by virtue of grants of the Con-
stitution. It is a right in the people themselves.
We come now to the great point in discussion
here. Who constitute the State of Virginia? I
beg leave here to thank my friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] for suggesting what wos
essential to the line of my argument. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens J said
the majority of the citizens of the United States
within any State are the State. I agree to that,
sir, subject to this limitation, that the majority
act in subordination to the Federal Constitution,
and to the rights of every citizen of the United
States guarantied thereby.
But, sir, the majority of the people of any State
are not the State when'they organize treason
against the Government, and conspiracy against
the rights of its citizens. The people of a State
have the right to local Government. It is essen-
tial to their existence. To-day, as the law stands
in this country, and by the uniform construction
of the powers of this Government, there is no law
by which the midnight as^hssin of a mere private
citizen can be brought to judicial trial, to convic-
tion, and to judgment, within any State of this
Union, save the law of the State. Your Federal
tribunals under existing laws have no cognizance
of the ciime if committed within a State on a pri-
vate citizen, and can do nothing in the punish-
ment of it judicially.
Now, sir, I beg lgave to ask, can the minority
of the people of a State, by the act of the majority
committing treason, and taking up arms against
the Federal Government, be stripped of their right
within the State of protection, under State laws,
in their homes and in their persons, even against
the hand of the assassin ? Am I to stand here to
argue such a question as that with intelligentrcp-
rescntativos? I say, that if the majority of the
people of Virginia have turned rebels, as I believe
they have, the State is in the loyal minority, and
I am not alone in that opinion. I repeat, where
the majority become rebels in arms, the minority
aie the State; that the minority, in that event,
have a right to administer the laws,and maintain
the authority of the State government, and to
that end to elect a State Legislature and execu-
tive, by which they may call upon the Federal
Government for protection "against domestic vio-
lence," according to the express guarantee of
the Constitution. To deny this proposition is to
say that when the majority in any State revolt
againstthe laws, both Stateand Federal,and deny
and violate all rights of .the minority, that how-
ever numerous the minority may be, the State
government can never be reorganized, nor the
right? of the minority protected thereby so long
as a majority are in the revolt. In such an event,
the majority, being rebels, mustsubmitto the law
of the minority, if enforced by the whole power
of the national Government. That is 110 new
idea, even. It is as old as the Constitution. I
ask gentlemen to refer to that remarkable letter of
the Federalist, addressed by Mr. Madison to the
American people, wheicin he discusscs the fourth
section of the fourth article of the Constitution
of the United States, to wit:
" The United States vshall guaranty to every State in the
Union a lepubhcan foim of government, and shall protect
each of them against invasion; and on application of the
Legislatuie, (01 of the executive, when the Legislature
cannot be convened,) against domestic violence."
As if that great man had been gifted with the
vision of a seer, standing amidst his own native
hills of Virginia, he foretold that it might come
to pass tlmf a majority of the people of a State
might conspire together to sweep away the rights
of the minority, and break down their privileges
as citizens of the United States. In that paper
Mr. Madison says:
" Why may not illicit combination", for purposes of vio-
lence, be fanned as well by n majority of a rftate as by a
mnjonty of a county or a dii-trict of the same State ? And
if ihe authority of the State ought, in tue iattcr case, to pto-
tect the local magistracy, ought not the Fedei.U authority,
in the former, to suppoit the State authority ?"
That is precisely the question here to-day. That
is precisely the condition of things in Virginia. The
majority have become traitors. When the Repre-
sentatives whom they had elected, who were re-
quired by the existingconstitution of Virginia, as
well as by the Federal Constitution, to take an oath
to support the Constitution of the United States,
went to Richmond, joined in this conspiracy, lifted
up the hand of treason and rebellion against the
Government, foreswore themselves, and, in short,
entered into a deliberate article of bargain and
sale with Alexander H. Stephens, vice president
of the southern confederacy, transferring the State
of Virginia to that confederacy, they surrendered
all rijjht to represent any part of the people of
Virginia; as a Legislature they utterly disquali-
fied themselves to execute that trust. But, sir,
what are we told ? According to the logic of
some gentlemen, it would seem that because the
Legislature at Richmond turned traitors, because
every man of them, except those few who escaped
for their lives from that doon)ed;city~--*i&I trust,it-
is a doomed"city—joined in tl,i b red-handed rej>ejjv
lion, therefore the people coujd imver ,oJegisl|i-
tion. I appeal to the immortal words of iheJ^esr,
laration in refutation of that conclusion...'f Tjie ,
.legislative powers, incapable of annihiUuionJJjaye
returned to the people atlarge for their exercise.-'*
No matter, sir, who turns traitor, the legislative
poweis are incapable of annihilation. Now, what
but this powcrremained to the.people pfVirgiiua?
Their Governor and Legislature had turned trai-
tor. You say that no special election, could be had
under the constitution of Virginia without aproc-
lamation from the Governor, in vacation, or with-
out a writ of election issued by the Legislature.
What was to be done? I say that the power re*
mained with the loyal people of that State to call
a convention and create a provisional government,
which they did. On the 23d day of May, 1S61 
the people of the State of Virginia, invited by an
original convention of the people themselves, met
at the time and place specified in theexisting law
of that Commonwealth, and elected a Legislature.
Is it said that a majority of those chosen on
that day, including those chosen by the rebels,
took the road to Richmond, and took the oath of
treason againstthe Government of the country?
Then I tell gentlemen who make that remark tliat
these members elect never became part of the
Legislature at all. The original convention of the
people declared, in 1861, that only th.ose who were
elected, and who qualified, should be the Legis-
lature of the State. I might go somewhat further
with this argument. I say that the ultimate power
to decide that question, u which of these bodies is
the Legislature of Virginia?" is in the Congress
of the United States. What is the lawful Legis-
lature of the State? Although they were literally
chosen under the amended constitution of Vir-
ginia, (adopted in 1851,) and the statute of the
♦State, nevertheless I say that it is competent for
Congress to say—and it is not only competent,
but it is the imperative duty of Congress to say—
that not a man of them who refused to take the
oath prescribed by the Federal Constitution, and
who took the oath of that treasonable conspiracy
at Richmond, ever became a member of the Legis-
lature of the State of Virginia. Who then are
the Legislature of Virginia? Only those who
qualify"m pursuance of the requirements of the
ordinance of the people themselves, by taking the
oath prescribed by the Federal Constitution,and
by the Virginia constitution. If those gentlemen
had chosen to observe that form they might have
constituted a majority of the Legislature; but they
did not do it, either at Wheeling orat Richmond.
They violated the constitution of their own State,
as well as the Federal Constitution, when they
went to Richmond and took the oath of treason.
Now, who are the judges of this matter? I in-
tend, if J can, to strip from every member of this
House all attempts to disguise his responsibility
here. I am not going to quarrel with good friend**
if they differ with me as to final conclusions, but
I am not going to stand here and allow the Repre-
sentatives of the people, on a question of this mag-
nitude, to shii k their responsibility. I say it with-
out the fear of contradiction, because it has been
afiirmed by every branch of this Government, le-
gislative, executive, and judicial, more than once,
that when the storm of revolution shakes the civil
fabric of a State of the Union, the ultimate and
final arbiter to determine who constitute the legis-
lative and executive government of that State, and
hold its great trust of sovereignty, is the Congress
of the United States, or the President acting by
authority of an act of Congress. The great case
of Luther and Borden must be fresh in the mind
of every Representative of the people, and that
was the very question which was then and there
decided. What did the court decide in that case?
Luther brought his action for trespass to his dom-
icile in the circuit court of the United States for
the district of Rhode Island. He charged the de-
fendant in that case with having broken open his
residence, which every man knows is, under our
laws, his castle. He charged in his declaration
that defendant not only broke into and entered
his house, but went through all his rooms, from
garret to cellar, in search of his person; that he
had violated, if you please, his sacred right of
domicile.
Now, I may be pardoned for reminding gentle-
men here that there is no rifrht known to the cit-
