1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. What we
want to do, and, 1 suppose, what the Senator from
New York intended to do, is to exempt a class of
men who belong to a religious sect who are con-
scientiously opposed to bearing arms. He does
not want to reach individuals; but to reach the
sect of Clunkers and Shakers, i think it ought
to be put in that form. The Senator fiom Min-
nesota, i believe, is preparing an amendment of
thai sort; but! do hope we are not to exempt law-
yers or clergymen, or any other class.
Mr. FESS&NDEN. it is now provided in the
bili that those who cannot go may be excused on
paying a fine.
Mr. DAVIS. It seems to me that the classes
of exempts are becoming much too numerous and
much too large. I would say to all of them, fight,
pay, or emigrate. [Laughter.] 4
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of tiie Senator from Massa-
chusetts to the amendment of the Senator from
New York-
Mr. SUMNER, i would not have the propo-
sition t have made treated with levity. I do not
know that it has been. Suffice it to say that I
made it in sincerity, because I think the excep-
tion worthy of a place in a permanent statute reg-
ulating the military system of the country.
I shall not be led into any discussion; but you
will let me deciar my conviction that the proper
duty of the clergyman, if he joins the At my, is
as chaplain, ministering to the sick, the wounded,
the dying, and teaching the living how to die. At
the same time, I can well understand that there
may be occasions when another service may be
required, or when an irresistible impulse may
change the chaplain into the soldier.
An eminent writer of our age, the late Lord
Macaulay, has gone so far as to say that a clergy-
man should never fight. The motion which f
make has no such extent. It simply proposes
that the law shall not require4 them to fight.
in formerdays bishops have worn coats of mail
and led embattled forces; and theie are many in-
stances where the chaplain has assumed all the
duties of the soldier. At the famous battle of
Fontenoy, there was a chaplain m the British
army, with a name subsequently historic, who, by
his military services, acquired the title of''the
fighting chaplain of Foruenoy." This was the
famous Edinburgh professoi, Adam Ferguson,
author of the History of Ancient Home. And
only a few days ago, I presented a petition for a
pension from the widow of Rev. Arther B. Ful-
ler, chaplain, who fell fighting at Fredericksburg.
But these instances are exceptional. Legislation
cannot be founded on exceptions.
Mr, HENDERSON, i desire to have the
amendment reported, as amended by the Senator
from New Hampshire.
The Secietary read, as follows;
7. Clergymen and peisons who, being from scruples of
conscience averse to bearing arm-, are by tiie constitution
or laws of any State excused therefrom.
Mr. HENDERSON. As the amendment now
stands, 1 suggest to the Senator from New York,
and also to the Senator from New Hampshire, that
if, after the passage of this act, any State Legis-
lature shall pass a law exempting the whole bod y
of the militia of the State from service, I appro*
hend they could do so under this amendment.
That would be giving full rein to the docttine of
State supremacy over the laws of Congress. I
do not know that that is greatly different from the
doctrine set up by our southern brethren, whom
we are now attempting to bring back into the
Union.* If weexempt, under this law,all parties
whom the State, either by its constitution or by
its laws shall exempt, why cannot the State of
Illinois exempt all who ore not in the service?
Why cannot the State of Indiana, and the State of
New Jersey, also, exemp; all who are not in the
service? If this matter of conscientious scruples
is to interfere to prevent parties from being sub-
jected to the military service of the country, why
not exemptall those who have conscientious scru-
ples about going down to fight at all?
The Senator ftom Massachusetts says that the
minister must be exempt. Why? Simply in con-
sequence of the fact that, as a follower of Christ,
he is opposed to the doctrine involved in any sort
of a controversy requiring force; that is, it is not
taught in the religion of Jesus Christ; and the
ministry do not and cannot engage in strife of this
character, [f it be necessary to excuse the min-
ister, let me ask the Senator from Massachusetts
if it is not proper to excuse the Christian who fol-
lows him? Is it right to subject to the military
scr vice the true Christian who says if he is stricken
upon one cheek it is pioper that he should turn
the other to the blow? He may not be engaged
in the ministry; he may not be a teacher of the
doctrines taught by Christ; but yet he may be a
follower and believer, as sincere and as devoted a
believer as the minister himself. If all our people
are Christians—and I apprehend the Senator from
Massachusetts desires they should be—what will
become of this fight? To make our people moral
they must be opposed to coercion; and when they
are made moral and truly religious, and the fol-
lowers of Christ, they must not fight; and there-
fore this whole controversy must be given up.
That is the whole of it.
Mr. President, excuse nobody. We have said
to-day that the members of this hodv are not to
be excused. If we are not to be excused, if the
members of State Legislatures are not tp be ex-
cused, as this body has voted, and they are to be
forced into the service, letail parties be made sub-
ject to it, and let all be required to enter the ser-
vice in order to vindicate the national integrity,
and put down this rebellion, which seems to be
the object. If we go into these exemptions and
declare that the States may exempt anybody they
muytihoose, in the course of a short time you
will find that the States will he interposing their
laws m opposition to the laws of Congress, and
they will be excusing all of their citizens. The
whole thing is wrong: and, as the Senator from
Kentucky says, let them "fight, pay, or emi-
! grate" from the country. That is my idea; and
i think that principle ought to be made to apply
to all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
ch'isetts to the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President—
^Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from New
Yotk is going to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I was going to make a re-
mnik on the amendment proposed by the Senator
ji from Massachusetts; but if the whole piopositton
|j is to be wiihdiawn, 1 have nothing to say.
!j Mr. HARRIS. It was with some hesitation
| that I offered the proposition which is now be-
| fore the Senate. 1 had reflected a little on the
I subject, and had anticipated some of the objec-
tions that have been stated here. I can see, my-
self, that there are difficulties in adopting such a
provision; and while there are classes whom 1
would gladly exempt, like the Shakers, and in
reference to whom I do not know how we aie
going to enforce this law, yet 1 s^e the difficul-
ties in the way of exempting all those who have
conscientious scruples against bearing arms; for
instance, the very respeciabie and numerous class
of people known as Friends, or Quakers. I am
not quite willing to exempt them entirely. They
arc generally persons who can pay their commuta-
tion, and ought to pay it, and are willing to pay it;
and I prefer not to have tnem exempt. Then there
are the objections made by other Senators that
in some of the States the laws have not so care-
fully provided for the protection of the rights of
conscience as they have in others. In my own
State, the constitution protects those rights; in
other States they are protected by statute; and
in still other States there is no protection at all.
The law,therefore, would operate unequally;and
under the circumstances 1 prefer to withdraw the
proposition, and let the matter work its own way
out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York withdraws his amendment.
Mr. HOWE. In the fifteenth line of the second
section, I move to amend by striking out the
word "him" and inserting the words "his labor."
The amendment was agreed to. i
Mr. HOWE. Now I move to amend the same
section by striking out all after the word "service"
in the eleventh line, down to and including the
word "Government,"in the fourteenth line, in the
words, "also, first, the Vice President of the
United States, the judges of the various courts of
the United States, and the heads of the various
Executive Departments of the Government." !
Mr. FESSENDEN, 1 wdl suggest that that
clause has been amended, and we haveexempted
some of the State authorities in the same connec-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. I know we have; but we have
refused to exempt members of Congress' ami of
the Siate Legislatures, saying if the country- can-
not afford to spare them from the civil service and
let them go into the military service, they can af-
ford to pay for a substitute; and I know not why
these officers cannot just as well.
Mr, FESSENDEN. The Senate have a#re«stl
to exempt officers of the Slates and judicial offic^ra.
Mr. HOWE. Well, sir, we can try that over
again when the bili is reported to the Senate. I
certainly see no reason why we should discrim-
inate against members of the legislative depart-
ment of the Federal and State governments, and
in favor of the Secretaries of the Departments and
judges of the courts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the amendment, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have a division
upon it.
M r. FESSENDEN, Wait until we come into
the Senate!.
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make, as an original mo-
tion, the motion which i made as an amendment
to ih« proposition of the Senator from New York.
In the twenty-sixth line of section two, in the list
of exceptions, I move to insert the words "sev-
enth, alt ministers of the Gospel."
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to move an amend-
ment to that amendment, to insert as a proviso at
the end of the section:
Provided further, That persons belonging to any religious
sect wlio--e faith or creed prohibits them from bearing arms,
may he, when dratted, exempted upon Hie payment of $250
into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is provided for al-
ready. Anybody who is drafted can be exempted
by paying $250.
Mr. SUMNER. That provision is a part of tlfe
bill already, as I understand.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That has already been
passed upon. Theie isan amendment which covers
that matter.
Mr. SUMNER. The proposition by the Sen-
ator from Minnesota is surplusage.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Gentlemen seem to be
very much opposed to the idea of ministers of the
Gospel and members of varioussocts bearingarms.
I have as much regard for the ministers of the Gos-
pel as any gentleman on this floor; but I think
there is no reason why they should be exempted
nm'T t'rui <>:iv one of those who profess to be-
lieve in the doctrines they teach. There is no good
reason why they should be exempted particularly
more than any class of persons who have any con-
scientious scruples about bearing arms.
1 have said before that I think it is the duty of
all men who receive the protection of the law to
yield their strength in the maintenance of the law.
This is a principle that lies at the foundation of
all government, and more particularly at the foun-
dation of republican institutions. It has been
yielded to oblige A, B, and C, this class and that
class, this community and that community; but
it is all radically wrong to yield it; and in a time
like this, when we propose to challenge the na-
tion and call it forth to arms with its full strength,
i say it is trifling about great interests. The men
in the days of the Revolution who filled the pulpit
not. only called the men of the young nation to'
arms, but they led them to the field; and a man
who has faith enough to bear the banner of the
Christian faith is fit to be a soldier in any war
supported by just principles, any war In the main-
tenance of a righteous cause. I dislike all these
discussions. There is not a true believer in the
great principles of democracy as taught by Him
who first bore the cross who is not willing to fight
for the maintenance of the great right of a people
to maintain themselves in the forms of govern-
ment. There are sects and opinions in abundance
throughout our land, ismatics and schismatics;
but I do not think this is a time to regard them.
There might have been good cause, there was .
good cause, in my judgment, when the Senator
from Pennsylvania moved to exempt the legisla-
tive departments of the Federal Government from
this conscription; and why? Because they are a
