THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
part of the Government, and their office is essen-
tia! to carry on the Government during war as
well ns during peace; but it is only because their
office is to take care of the Government and man-
age its affairs during this crisis in our country's
history that they have any right to be exempted;
and for this the Constitution has exempted them
by giving them constitutional office, not removing
them from subjection to legislation, in my judg-
ment. But I do not object to the refusal to exempt
members-of Congress. If 1 should be the subject
of the conscription wheel, I think I should rather
serve in the Federal Army than in the Federal Sen-
ate. That is my present opinion; and I think ft
is the opinion of a great many of those who have
the same office with myself.
Wc are engaged in a grave business; we are
calling the country to arms. Let us not indulge
in the management ofpopular opinion among sects
or classes of men. The true men who believe
in this Republic, and think it should be main-
tained at the sacrifice of thousands and tens of
thousands and hundreds of thousands of lives,
have the office to maintain the Government, and
let them lend both their voices and their arms, if
called for. If they do not, they deserve no pro-
tection; they deserve no Government; and they
are not entitled to the privileges of the Republic.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate is now engaged
in maturing a permanent law. It is not merely
for a year; not merely for the present rebellion;
not merely to meet the exingency of the day, but
it is a permanent statute* and as such it will be a
record of the sentiments and of the civilization of
our time. But I am not disposed to present this
question on any ground of sentiment; though if I
cho.%3 to make an appeal on this ground it would
bo difficult to answer it.
Time is precious, and I content myself by an
appeal to practical experience. I-believe, if you
look at the history of the world, you will not find
a single instance in which a country has required
clergymen to enlist as soldiers. I havo before me
now the well-considered statutes of Fiance on the
8-ubjcct; her law of exemption, as every Senator
knows, was matured with the greatest care and
consideration. There is not a single exemption
there that was not the occasion of conscientious
debate;so that the result reached may be regarded
as testimony of the highest character. In this
Frcnch statute I find there is not only an exemp-
tion of the clergy, including those of all denomina-
tions recognized by the State, but also of-students
of divinity preparing to be clergymen. I think if
we are disposed to be guided by experience we
may well hearken to the experience of a military
people like that of France; I doubt if wc shall lose
anything if on this occasion we consent to fol-
low it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will suggest that we
adopt the lessons that France has taught in every
direction.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. My col-
league says wc are making a law for other days
than these, a permanent law; but, sir, it is a law
Uiat may be changed and modified by legislators
who come after us. It may be changed and mod-
ified when the events that now surround us have
passed away. Although we are making this as
the permanent law of the country, we make it to
meet the present needs of the country.
Sir, I think the fewer exemptions we make of
the fortunate sons of men the better. The fewer
men we exempt who have fortunes, who have
position, who have influence, the better will this
draft be received by the people of the country. I
vciYit the masses of our people, the men who till
our farms, who labor in our workshops, who sup- !
port their families by their daily toil, to feel that \
the more fortunate and favored of the sons of i
men are liable to this draft as well as themselves.
When they realize this; when they see that lite
legislation of tins country exempts only a very
few onthe one hand, and relieves the poorand the j
lowly on the other, they will feel that it i.s a just j
law, and it will be strong in the heart and confi-
uence of the masses.
i am willing to be guided by the experience of
other nations and other lands; but, after nil, we
know that with "all the experiences they have in
"the Old World, the legislation of thowe nations is
too often shaped in favor of the privileged few,
and to put the burdens upon the masses. I want
this law 10 reach the fayored few, those who
bear burdens. If they cannot bear arms, if they
cannot perform military duty, they at any rate
can furnish a substitute or pay the sum provided
for, be that more or less. Therefore, i think
that the exemption of this class of men will, at
this time, and under present circumstances, have
a bad effect upon the country, and 1 think we had
better not make the exemption. After this con-
test is over, when peace returns to our country,
we can make these exemptions, and other ex-
emptions if necessary to do so; but at the present
time, when we want to make this law strong in
the hearts and confidence and consciences of our
people, and to have it accepted and fill up the
ranks of our Army and overwhelm this rebellion,
I think the fewer we exempt that are favored the
better, and let the exemptions be of those who
have persons dependent solely upon their labor
for support.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I do not un-
derstand that our clergy throughout the United
States are rich, I know that in some of the large
towns they are comparatively so; but I believe in
the country that is not the case. Goldsmith's
description of the clergyman who was " passing
rich on forty pounds a year"—that is, about one
hundred and eighty dollars—is perhaps not en-
tirely inapplicable to a large portion of the clergy
of our country. Now, sir, to compel persons liv-
ing on such small means to pay $250 for a substi-
tute, which is the suggestion of some Senators, is
really asking too much. I think it is unreason-
able; and I think my colleague, who is pressing
this bill with so much energy, would adapt him-
self better to the sentiment of the country, and I
may say of civilization, if he admitted this natural
and humane exception, rather than excluded it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I agree with
my colleague that many of the clergymen aie not
wealthy; but he knows that they have generally
influential friends. Most of them have rich men
in the front pews; and there is no great danger,
if a clergyman should happen to be drafted, of his
not having friends enough about him to aid him
in anything of this kind. i think the moral effect
ina neighborhood,among a townspeople, of hav-
ing the clergyman enrolled with the others, and
having him drafted, if a draft should happen to fall
upon him, would be excellent, and I support it on
that ground now. If we were through this con-
test, and ordinary and peaceful timeshad returned,
I think it might be wise to make this and some
other changes; but. what we want now is for the
nation to feel that we throw a drag-net over the
country and take up the rich and the poor and put
the burden upon all; and that the feeling shall not
be that the privileged few, the rich, are exempted,
and the burden put upon the toiling men of the
country.
Mr.IlARRIS. Mr.President ,my first impulse
was to favor this proposition; but I am satisfied
that the Senator from Massachusetts, the chair-
man ofthe Comnntteeon Military Affairs,is ri°ht.
I should have been glad if the motion of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] made a little
while ago, had prevailed, and we had stricken out
from this bill all exemption on account of official
position, and left the sole class* of exemptions those
ofthe most obvious humanity. I believe it would
work better to leave it in that way; so that all ex-
emption on account of official position, all exemp-
tion on account of scruples of conscience, all ex-
emption on account of professional avocation shall
be stricken out of the bill, and allow those cases
to be provided foi as they arise, and make the
sole class of exemptions those of the most obvious
and apparent humanity,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. HENDERSON. t I shall vote against this
amendmenton a very different principle from that
stated by some other Senators. My impression
is that jf we can make the ministry of this coun-
try on both sides, so far as we possibly can—anJ
when I say both sides, 1 mean the loyal States;
those States in which, although we have pro-
fessed loyalty, there is yet a great deal of treason
lurking—if we can force the ministers in the ser-
vice, it is my opinion that in the future such a
war as this will at least not be advocated by them.
I speak without having the least feeling against
any minister, except from what I have seen in
my own State; and I must say that from the
beginning of the rebellion a large portion of the
ministry have been the most inveterate rebels we
have had in the State. They have taught it from
the pulpit. I do not know whether it is the case
in Massachusetts or not; but it is my impression
if the Senator will go back a few years, he will
find that some of the ministry in his own State
of Massachusetts taught treason and taught doc-
trines that certainly alienated one part of this
country from the other. It has been going on in
the North and in the South for the last twenty-
five years; and the pulpit has been made the the-
ater, principally, for these appeals to selfish feel-
ing against the general patriotism of this country.
To a very large extent they are responsible for
the alienation of feeling that now exists in tho
country. If I could put them in the service, with-
out allowing them to escape by any payment
whatever, I would put them there, and let them
fight this war; f would make them do the actual
service in the field, and trust to God in the future
that they would not bring such another*war upon
our hands. [Laughter and applause in the gal-
leries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Antho-
ny.) Order !
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, I suppose this
bill proceeds upon some sort of principle; and I
cannot see by what principle it is that we are to
include the clergy. I do not sympathize with the
sentiments expressed by the honorable Senator
from Missouri. I do not believe they are just.
The idea of holding the clergy of this country re-
sponsible for this rebellion is an idea quite novel,
to say the least of it, and it is an idea that cannot
be justified in my section of the country by any
facts which are known to the public. Sir, the
clergy in my section of the country are loyal peo-
ple; and I am not aware that they ai'e to any ex-
tent obnoxious to the charge which seems to be
implied m the remarks thrown out by the honor-
able Senator.
But it is not my object to vindicate the clergy.
It is obvious enough that in the construction of'
any bill for the military service of the country,
there are certain classes who are not eligible, so
to speak, or certain classes which are necessarily
exempt. The women and children, I take it, are
exempt, as a matter of course. I should just as
soon think of enrolling the women of the land into
a military force as the clergy, and by avocation
they are just about as well qualified. I dare say
there are a great many clergymen in the country
who would make good soldiers and good generals;
but the bill proceeds upon some general proposi-
tion, I take it, and the general proposition of ony
military bill necessarily excludes the clergy if it
excludes anybody in the land.
^ Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to state,so far as
the clergy of Maine are concerned, that I certainly
did not mean to cast any reflection on them. I will
state to the Senator also that not less than half a
dozen ministers have been banished from my State
by the military authorities since the commence-
ment of this rebellion in order to keep them from
preaching treason in their pulpits, and they are
now under banishment fiom the State. There
are a good many others, I have no doubt, who
ought to be banished; and if they are permitted
to remain I want to put them in the military ser-
vice. I certainly did not mean to reflect on the
ministry in Maine, and 1 do not desire the Senator
to understand me in any such light. I know
nothing about the ministry of Maine. I never
was in the State in my life, though I hope to be
at some time in the future.
Mr. MORRILL. Well, sir, I was not called to
the vindication of the ministry particularly, but
1 thought the remarks of the honorable Senator,
if they implied anything, implied that the ministers
were to he included in this bill by way of punish-
ment for having got up this rebellion.
But my principal object in rising was to say
that I proposed to vote for the exemption of the
miuisteis upon the ground that on any general
principle I do not conceive that the clergy of the
! i country constitute that class of persons ft om which
| the military service of the country can be rendered
serviceable. Tha,t is my idea. Why, sir, if it
becomes necessary to disband, to disorganize so-
cial and civil life in order to prosecute this war,-
I can conceive that you might call upon the clergy,
enroll them in the military service, and make them
a constituent portion of your troops; but in that
