58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
izen, under the American law, or under the law
of any country beneath the san where the prin-
ciples of the common law obtain, which islooked
upon as more sacred than the right of domicile.
You know that by the common law it is held so
sacred that he who invades it without the leave
of the owner, and especially menacingly, is not
entitled to the benefit of the rule that the party
whom he assails must flee to the wall, but he may
suffer instant death, and the owner is justified
before the law, because his hearth-stone is not to
be violated by a malicious intruder against his
protest and against his consent. Theie was a
strong case against defendant on that record if he
had not justified the act. Buthe did justify—and
how? Rhode Island had been in revolution. Two
opposing governments had been in operation.
Who was to decide which was the lawful govern-
ment? They first said that the courts were to
decide. They asked the courts of Rhode Island
to sit in judgment upon the question whether the
government under which they held then; commis-
sion was a government at all. The Chief Justice
of the United States, with bitter irony and sarcasm,
remarked that he did not " see how the question
could be tried and decidcd in a State court;" for
that, whenever they arrived at the conclusion that
the government to which they owed their exist-
ence was no government at all, the court itself
ceased to be a court, and could not pronounce the
judgment. The breath of life would go out of its
body instantly. This action, however, for tres-
pass, was instituted in the United States circuit
court for the district of Rhode Island.
The defendants, by their plea, justified the
trespass on the ground that plaintiff was engaged
in insurrection, together with others, against the
Statc;that the State was, by compctentauthoi'ity,
declared under martial law; and that defendants,
beingin the military service of the State, by com-
mand of their superior officer, broke and entered
plaintiff's house. Theplaintiff denied theautlior-
ity, and replied it was defendants' own proper
wrong. In other words, was the government
against which the plaintiff was in insurrection
the government of Rhode Island?
Tiie case finally came up to the Supreme Court
of the United States. The Chief."Fustice (Taney)
in delivering his opinion, said that it was a polit-
ical question, and that the decision of it by the
Federal Executive, under the authority of Con-
gress, was binding on the judiciary. He also said
the power to decide the question which of two
governments in a State is the true government is
in Congress.
That decision amounts to just this, and that
is what gives importance to it in the discussion
of this question: if the Congress of the United
States solemnly decidc, as they are the ultimate
arbiter of this political question, that the people
of Western Virginia have1 no right to maintain the
government which they have established, and
under which they have made this new constitu-
tion, and apply here for admission, they thereby
decide that it is void. All that remains is for the
Executive to follow your example, and leave that
people to their fate.
What is the effect of such a decision by Con-
gress and the Executive? It is to bind your own
judiciary to hold the legislation of that people for
the protection of their lives and property void.
You bind the judiciary of the State itself. You
bind everybody who is appointed to execute the
laws within that State. While you pretend to be
for the Constitution as it is, you say to this peo-
ple, that inasmuch as they are in a minority, and
inasmuch as the majority have taken up arms
against the Government of the United States and
of the State of Vuginia, they are without the pro-
tection of local State law; that their representa-
tives duly elected are not and cannot be called the
Legislature of Virginia.
I think I have said enough to satisfy the gen-
tlemen who have done me the kindness to attend
to what I have said, that the Legislature which
assembled at Wheeling, Virginia, was the Legis-
lature of the State of Virginia; and that it remains
with you alone to determine whether it shall be
or not. If you affirm that it is, there is no appeal
from your decision. I am ready, for one, to affirm
it, and upon the distinct ground that I do lecog-
mze, in the language of Mr. Madison, even the
rights of a minority in a revolted State to be pro-
tected, under the Federal Constitution, both by
Federal law and by State law. I hold, sir, that
the Legislature assembled at Wheeling, then; is
the legal Legislature of the State; that it had power
to assent to this division of the State of Virginia;
and that it is wholly immaterial to me whether a
majority of the counties of that State refused, by
reason of their treason, to cooperate in the elec-
tion of Delegates and Senators to that Legisla-
ture. On the subject of granting the admission
of the proposed State, to which that body has as-
sented, it is enough forme to know there is a suf-
ficient number of loyal men within the limits of
the pioposed State to maintain the machinery of
a State government, and entitle them to Federal
representation. That is the only rule heretofore
recognized by Congress in the matter of admit-
ting new States duly organized.
It may be urged here that this Legislature, be-
fore assenting to the division-of the State, should
have met at Richmond. Itishardly worth while to
follow out such an argument. Gentlemen might
as well allege that if the forces of the rebellion took
possession of this capital, the American Congress
could not meet and lawfully exercise its func-
tions in Philadelphia. I do not expect to argue
afty such question. I undertake to assert that the
power exists—that there is nothing either in the
Constitution of the United States, or in the laws
of the United States, to make invalid the meeting
of Congress elsewhere within the limits of the Re-
public than the city of Washington. If you as-
sert the contrary conclusion, then all Jeff Davis
has to do in order to annihilate the legislative pow-
er of the Government is to take possession of this
capital. I am not ready so to stultify myself.
Now, this Legislature of Virginia has passed
an act, in due form of law, assenting to the erec-
tion of a new State within the limits of that State;
that is all which is required by the Constitution
of the United States on the part of the State of Vir-
ginia. It remains to be determined then whether
Congress will grant its consent.
This State, which it is proposed to admit into
the Union, is three times us large in territorial ex-
tent as the State of Massachusetts. Ithas an area
of 24,000 square miles, and a free population of
340,000. The question then comes up whether
the Congress of the United States ought to grant
the prayer ofthe people of Vlrginia. Will Congress
admit the new State upon the constitution as
framed and proposed l>y the bill to be amended?
The gentleman on the other side who professes
to represent Virginia in this matter, [Mr. Segar,]
says that we should not admit this new State be-
cause there were eleven counties in which there
was not a single vote for the constitution. Well,
there were fifty-two counties which voted. But
he has not informed us how many votes were cast
against it. It so happens that there is a return of
some 19,300 on the adoption of the constitution
in the form as it originated in the convention, and
only 500, in round numbers, cast against it. You
must consider that at the time this vote was taken
a large portion of the male population were in
arms, protecting the frontiers against the inroads
of this armed rebellion. Yes, sir, my friend tells
me not less than seventeen regiments, in other
words, 17,000 men, were in the field.
That objection is easily answered, however; for
it is expressly provided in the Senate bill, which
is now before the House for consideration, that
the new State shall not be organized nor the con-
stitution adopted until there shall be another elec-
tion by the people. They will have an opportunity
then to vote it down. You give it the sanction of law
by passing the Senate bill, which provides that it
shall not take effect until an election he held, and
that the constitution as amended by this bill shall
be ratified by the people. They will then have an
opportunity to determine, by ballot, whether they
will come into the Union as a free State, or whether
they will remain in the State of Virginia as now
organized. I submit that I am justified in saying
that the objection raised by the gentleman from
Virginia falls to the ground, unless he is indeed
unwilling to trust the people. That is precisely
the difference between him and myself. I have
an abiding confidence in the people, and that con-
fidence shall remain unshaken until that sad day
comes, which I trust never will come, when a ma-
jority of the people in every State shall imitate
the bad example of a majority of the people of
the State of Virginia. That would indeed be a
calamity for which our matchless Constitution
provides no remedy, and for which " no possible
constitution can provide a cure." The people will
then have consented simply to national suicide
and self-destruction.
It is because I have confidence in the people that
I am willing to send this bill to them. I want to
see them vote on it, from the base of the Alle-
ghanies to the beautiful waters of the Ohio. I
havebeenamongthatpeople. I know something
of their character. I have seen eight or ten thou-
sand of them in convention assembled, for the
laudable purpose of holding up the arm of the
Government against this unmatched treason and
rebellion. I believe that they are loyal. I be-
lieve that they are the friends of free institutions.
We have some evidence of it in the constitution
now before us; and we will have additional evi-
dence in that instrument as they will amend it,
if you pass this bill. If it be urged that this
bill, because it imposes conditions on the State,
is without a precedent, I beg leave to say that it
is not without a precedent. There is scarcely a
single bill which has passed the Congress of the
United States for the admission of a new State
without conditions annexed, and without the fu-
ture acceptance of which by the people of the pro-
posed new State the State could not come into the
Union.
The question has been asked, is it expedient to
admit this new State? Is it expedient to unite
the people of that valley as one man in support
of the Government? Is it expedient to give va-
lidity and legality to the acts of her lawful Legis-
lature? That is an important question for us to
consider. I trust that all men in favor of liberty
regulated by law, will say that it is expedient for
the American Congress, if possible, to sanction
their action and give foree to their laws. I fear that
the chief objection, at last, to the organization of
this new State, and to its admission into the Union,
however gentlemen may disguise their thoughts,
and shrink from a manly avowal of them, is not
that there is any constitutional objection to it—
that there is anythinginexpedient in it, when you
take into consideration the whole interests of the
whole people of the Republic—but simply that it
is an inroad, which will become permanent and
enduring if you pass this bill, into that ancient
Bastile of slavery out of which has come this
wild, horrid conflict of arms which stains this dis-
tracted land of ours this day with the blood of her
children.
I have no doubt—I have no authority from any
of their representatives to say it—but I have no
doubt from what I know of that people, that if
you give them the authority by passing this bill,
that they will not only ratify this constitution,
but that they will be glad to accept the terms of
the President's emancipation proclamation. I be-
lieve that many moons will not come and go be-
fore the Commonwealth of West Virginia will
stand amongst the free Commonwealths of the
Union.
I have no doubt about the general sense of the
people of Western Virginia, and that if this bill
passes in its present shape there will be no slave
born there after the 4th day of July next. Iam not
ashamed to say that 1 esteem liberty as above
all price, and that I count it a great privilege to
be able to secure to any mail who is guiltless of
crime his libei ty, though he be a slave. I would
contribute to that great end of our free institutions
—freedom to all, and personal security to each.
Without this men, may as well not be.
Under this bill, it is provided that no person
born in that State after the 4th of July next shall
be a slave; that all persons held in slavery within
the limits of that State under the age of ten years
shall be free at the age o'f twenty-one, and all over
ten and under twenty-one at the age of twenty-
five years. God knows, I would have preferred
that this House had the courage to have said that
every human being should be free now and for-
ovcrmore within the proposed State, upon the
adoption of the constitution. I intended, atone
time, to have offered an amendment to the bill, but
I had riot the opportunity given me. I choose
to follow the express will of a majority in that
respect.
If I could not give liberty to-day to all the slaves
in Virginia, I consider it my duty to give liberty
ultimately, as this bill does, to nine tenths of the
slaves within that State, and to forbid the increase
of slavery therein in the great hereafter. I think
