1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
he would be a poor Representative of free men and
free institutions who would stand here and say,
upon an occasion like this, that because he could
not secure liberty to every slave within the Stale,
therefore he would refuse liberty to nine tenths of
them, especially when he has the opportunity at
the same moment to declare that no person born
within the limits of that State after the next anni-
versary of our independence shall be held as a
slave.
I trust, then, the bill will pass; I trust it will
pass, as I said before, because 1 have a *5 abiding
confidence in the people themselves, th&;; they not
only will ratify what you will do,but speedily avail
themselves in their legislation of the opportunity"
presented to them by the President's proclama-
tion to inaugurate immediate or ultimate emanci-
pation for every slave within the State.
Refuse to pass this bill, and if they attempt, by
their present Legislature, to adopt the emancipa-
tion policy of the President, you will have the ar-
gumentthrown backinto your faces that that is not
the Legislature of the State, and has no power to
consent to the proclamation of the President of the
United States; and therefore you will be required
torepudiateit. Pledge yourselfto this. Declare that
the Legislature of the State, and upon that hypothe-
sis admit the State, and, of course,once admitted,
its own Legislative Assembly will be beyond ques-
tion; and when the nesv Legislature under the new
State of Virginia shall accept the President's prop-
osition, as stated in his proclamation of the 22d
of September, all doubters about the constitution-
ality of the act will bp silenced; and whether they
be silenced or not, there will stand the record of
the majority of this House to give validity to their
act, and from which there can be no appeal.
The SPEAKER. The hour of two o'clock
having arrived, debate is closed by order of the
House, and the question recurs upon the third
reading of the bill.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 96, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Aldrieh, Arnold, Babbitt, Baker, Bax-
ter, iiearmui, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair. Samuel 8. Blair,
Blake, William G. Brown, BufEinton, Burnham, Campbell,
Cas-ov, Chambeilain, Clark, Clements, Colfax, FtPdenck
A. Conkhng, Covode. Cutler, Davis, Duell, Dunn, Edger-
ton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Fessemlun,
Thomas A. D. Franeliot, Fiank, Goodwin,
Gurloy, Haiglu, Hale, Harrison, Ilickman, Hooper, Mor-
ton, Hutctoins, Julian, Kellev, Francis W. Kello™, William
Kellogg, Killmger, L.n^uig, Lehman, Loomis, Lovejoy,
Low, McKmght, McPh^rson, Maj-nard, Mitchell, Mooi-
head, Anson 1\ Moirill, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Noell,
Olin, Patron, Timothy G. Phelp«, I'ike, Pomeroy, Porter,
Potter, John IT. Rice, Riddle, Edwaid II. Rolling Sargent,
Sedgwick, Shanks, Sheffield, Sheliabarjrer, Sherman,
Sloan, Spauldmg, Stevens, Stiatton, Tumble, Trowbudge,
Van Horn, Van Valkenbuigh, Van Wyek, Verree, Walker,
Wall, Waehhurnc, Whaley, Albert S. White, Wilson,
Windom, and Worcester—96.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Ancona, Ash-
ley, Baily, Biddle, Cobb, ltoscoe Conkling, Conway, Cox,
Cravens, On-fifid, Crittenden, Delano, Delnplaine, Diven,
Dunlap, Gooch, Granger, Grider, Hall, Harding, Holman,
Johnson, Kemgan, Knapp, Law, Mallory, Merizie?, Mor-
ris, Noble, Norton, Odell, Pendleton, Puce, Alexander II.
Rice, Richardson, Robm«on, James S. Rollins, Segar, Shiel,
Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, Vallaitdigliam, Voor-
hees, Ward, Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, Wright, and
Yeaman—55.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll—
Mr. DAWES stated that he had paired off upon
this vote with Mr. Walton, who would have
voted in the affirmative, while he should have
voted in the negative,
Mr. FRANCIIOT stated that his colleague,
Mr. Wheeler, was absent on account of sickness
in his family.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM THE SEXAT-E.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed thefoliowing bills and resolutions,in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (No. 405) to authorize the holding of a
special session of the United States district court
in the district of Indiana;
An act (No. 406) for the relief of the owners of
the French brig Jules et Marie*,
A joint resolution (No. 108) for increasing the
bond of the Superintendent of PublicPrinting; and
A joint resolution in relation to certain maps.
The message also announced that the Senate
had adopted a resolution providing that the joint
committee appointed at the last session of Con-
gress to inquire into the conduct of the war*, be
directed to make a report to the Senate and House
of Representatives with all convenient speed; in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
BRIG JULES ET MARIE.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will withdraw
that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. For what purpose ?
Mr. COX. There are some bids upon the
Speaker's table, which have come from the Sen-
ate, and which might as well be taken up and re-
ferred. One of them I would like to have passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Let the bill be read by
its title for information.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is that the regular order of
business ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent.
Mr. COX. The bill is for the relief of the own-
ers of the French brig Jules et Marie.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the bill is only to be re-
ferred I have no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I withdraw my motion.
By unanimous consent,the bill (S. No. 406) for
the relief of the owners of the French brig Jules
et Marie, was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
ARSENAL AND ORDNANCE DEPOT.
Mr.OLIN, by unanimous consent, indroduced
a bill to establish an arsenal and ordnance depot,
upon the tide-waters of New York harbor; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
MINERAL RESOURCES OF NEVADA.
Mr. CRADLEBAUGH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolve<1, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to furnish to this House at as earl> a day as possible such
information as may hi' in his Department in relation to the
mineral re&ouices of the Territoty of Nevada.
DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY BY WAR.
The SPEAKER announced the next business
in order to be the consideration of House bill No.
401, relating to claims for the loss and destruction
of property belongingto loyal citizens, and dam-
ages thereto by troops of the United States during
the present rebellion.
Mr. FENTON. I move to recommit that bill
to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT COURT IN INDIANA.
On motion ofMr.PORTER,and by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No, 405) to authorize the
holding of a special session of the district court
of the United States for the district of Indiana,
was taken from the Speaker's table, and read a
first and second time.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PORTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
(at twenty minutes past two o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 11, 1882.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 3d instant, information in relation to
the purchase of land adjacent to tle-Ktftery i>avy^
yard; which, on motion of $fr. Hale, waS; re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval
ordered to be printed. ■
The PRESIDENT pro iempore also IMiJ befdre
the Senate a communication from the President of
the United States,-transmitting,in,answer- to lth£ .
resolution of theSenate of the 13th of March-last;-*
a copy of the correspondence relative to the at-
tempted seizure of Mr< Fauchef, by the com-
mander of the Africa, within the waters of <the
United States; which, on motion of Mr, Sumner*
was ordered to be printed, and to,lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a message of the President of the tXnir
ted States, recommending a vote of thanks by Con-
gress, to Commander John L. Worden, United
States Navy, for the eminent skill and gallantry
exhibited by him in the battle between the United
States iron-clad steamer Monitor, under his com-
mand, and the rebel iron-clad steamer Merrimac;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a message of the President of the Uni-
ted Slates, recommending a vote of thanks to Lieu-
tenant Commander George W. Morris, United
States Navy, for the determined valor and hero-
ism displayed by him in the defense of the United
States sloop-of-war Cumberland; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a communication from the President of
the United States transmitting, in answer to a res-
olution of the Senate of the 5th instant, informa-
tion in relation to the late Indian barbarities in the
State of Minnesota..
Mr. WILKINSON. I see the papers are very
voluminous in that case. I move that the com-
munication from the President, with the accom-
panying papers, be referred to the,Committee on
Indian Affairs, and that the communication be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
' PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HALE. I present the memorial of Edward
Lanier, commander in the Navy of the United
States, who represents that he has been thirty-one
years in the Navy, and over twenty-five years in
active service, over sixteen of which were at sea;
that during the whole period of his service he has
never been arrested, reprimanded, or subjected to
any censure whatever, and that the only record
he could find upon applying at the Navy Depart-
ment after his last cruise, was the concluding par-
agraph of an official dispatch of th& commanding
officer, testifying that he had been acquainted with
him from the commencement ofhis service in the.
Navy to the time he went on his last cruise in the
Colorado, and since that time his conduct has met
his entire approbation. Notwithstanding this rec-
ord he has been overslaughed by the advisory
board. I ask that the memorial be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the memorial of H.
French, commander in the United States Navy,
in which he sets forth, that he has been thirty-five
years in the Navy of the United States, during
which time there has never been an unfavorable
report wi^i regard to him made to the Navy De-
partment, and that notwithstanding that, he has
been passed over by the recent advisory board. I
ask that it be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The memorial was so referred.
Mr. KING presented a petition of citizens of
the city of New York, for thepassage of a general
bankrupt law; which was ordered to he on the
table.
Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of George
Carlton Stanly and other merchants of the city ot
New York, for the passage of a general bankrupt
law; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citizens
of the city of New York for the passage of a gen-
eral bankrupt law; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (S.No. 205) to authorize thesurvey of a route
for telegraphic communication between the city of
