1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
999
yr.) The Chair is not surprised at that, for not
a word has been said about the question for the
last hour. The amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
in line fourteen, section two, after the word " Gov-
ernment," to insert" the Governors and members
of the judiciary of the several States, justices of
the peace not included."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in this amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Clark, CoHanier, Cowan, Doo-
Httle, Fessenden, Foot, Harding, Hick*, Latham, Morrill,
Pomeioy, Rice, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilkin-
son—17.
NA YS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler,Davis, Dixon, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Hailan, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Ilowe,
King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Nes-
mi!li, Sherman, Ten Eyck, and Wilson of Massachusetts
—19.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the next amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
in line fourteen of section two, after the word
" Government," to insert:
2. The only son liable to military duty of a widow depend-
ent upon him for support.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not sure that that is
complete, and if I can have the attention of the
Senator from Connecticut who introduced that
proposition, I should like to call Ins attention to
the corresponding provision of the French code,
which is as follows:
The only son, or the oldest of the sons, or, where there
is no son or son-in -law, the only grandson oi the oldest of
the grandsons of a widow.
The Senator will observe that here is the case
of an only grandson that is provided for in the
French code, which this amendment docs not
provide for. Now it is among the possibilities
of families that there may be an only grandson,
there beinjr no son alive.
Mr. DIXON. I think that is too remote. It
seems to me that this is as far as we can go. I
should be very glad to have it include the only
son of a widow m all cases; but as the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] requested that
I would modify it, laccepled his pionosition;but
to go to the extent of the French law would be
impracticable.
Mr.-WILSON, of Massachusetts. There is
one thing we ought to consider: our soldiers are
paid good prices and good bounties, and French
soldiers are not paidanythingof any consequence.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not move any amend-
ment. I only made a suggestion to the Senator
from Connecticut.
Mr. DIXON. It seems to me impracticable at
this time to make the exception go fuither.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that to make it conform to other provis-
ions of the section, it should read: 14 dependent
upon his labor for support."
Mr. DIXON. Make that modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
modified.
The amendment as modified was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSecretary
will read the next amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
in line twenty-six of section two, after the word
" exempt" to strike out:
7. A3! fathers baring two or more children, no one of
whom is over the a<*e of fourteen years, owning oroceupy-
ing and actually residing upon a farm of not exceeding fifty
acres, upon winch he is dependent for the suppoit and main-
tenance of himself and familv.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the next amendment.
T]ie Secretary read the amendment, which was
in section two, line thirty-three, after the word
"felony" to strike out" or other crime punish-
able by imprisonment in a penitentiary or State
prison;" so as to make the clause read:
Provided, however, That no person who has been con-
victed of any felony shall bu eniolled or permitted to serve
in said forces.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section three, line
two,after the word " service," to insert" enrolled
under this act."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in line five, section
three,to strike out" eighteen,"and insert *' twen-
ty," and after " thirty" to insert " five," so as to
read " thirty-five;"and inline six,after" thirty,"
to insert " five."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CLARK. 1 suggest, if nobody asks for a
separate vote as the amendments are read, we go
alono; and take the vote on them altogether.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be adopted.
-The Secretary continued the reading of the
amendments, as follows:
In section ten. line four, strike out "eighteen,"and insert
" twenty."
In line seven of section twelve, after the word "num-
ber," strike out <kand sixty per cent, in addition from the
names on the enrollment list of the district; and the per-
sons so drafted shall bo immediately notified by the provost
marshal, by written or printed notice, served personally on
the man diafted, oi by leaving the same at his last place of
residence, to appear on a day not exceeding icn days after
the draft, at a designated iendezvou<,and report for duty
and insett in hen thereof the following words: u and fifty
per cent, in addition, and shall make and execute a com-
plete loll of the names of the person? so drawn, and of the
order in which they were drawn, so that the first drawn
may stand first upon the said roll, and the second may stand
second, and so on; and the persons so drawn shall be no-
tified of the same within ten da\-< thereafter, by a wiitten
or printed notice, to be served personally, or by leaving a
ropy at their la«t place of residence, requiring'them to ap-
pear at a designated icndczvous to rcpoit for duty."
Insert at the end of th" twelfth section : " that in assign-
ing to the districts in each State the number ot men to be
furnished therefrom, the President shall take into account
the number of volunteers and militia furnished from the
State lor the service of the United States since the com-
mencement of the present rebellion, and allow the same
according to the period of their service, and the same ap-
portion equally among the' districts in the State*, and make
apportionment of the districts of the seveial States accord-
ingly."
Mr. COLLAMER. It is suggested that the
expression of the amendment drawn by me was
ambiguous, It was drawn in haste. I have pre-
pared a substitute for it, which may be a little
more perspicuous than that, in this form:
That in assigning to the district the number of men to lie
furnished therefrom the Presidents!);!!! take into confeder-
ation the ri umber of volunteers and mil ma furnished by and
ftom the several States in winch said districts arc situated,
aiid the period of theirservice since the commencement of
the present rebellion, and --hall so make said assignment
as to equalize the numbers anions the districts of the sev-
eral States, considering and allowing for the numbers al-
ready furnished, as ufoie.said.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was not in when that
amendment was voted upon, but I desire to offer
an amendment to the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The substitute
of the Senator from Vermont will be accepted if
there be no objection. It is accepted; and the
Senator from Missouri proposes an amendment to
it, which will be read.
Mr. HENDERSON. I only examined the
original amendment, and I do not know now in
what line of the amendment the words appear to
which I propose to add my amendment; but the
Senate will see when it is read the object of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the amendment of
the Senator from Missouri is read I should like
to have it understood from the Senator from Ver-
mont whether this provision will include the tiucc
months men.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It includes nil volunteers
and militia; and then they make an average of the
number and the length of time. There is no diffi-
culty about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am afraid it is impracti-
cable, that is all.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Henderson, which was to insert after the word
"States'" in the fifth line of Mr. Collamer's
amendment the woids " or employed in the scrvice
of such State, and used under the command of
officers of the United States for the suppression
of the existing rebellion."
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senator from Missouri will not press that. That
refers to the home guards m his State and in
Maryland.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not at all. 1 will explain
to the Senator from Massachusetts what troops
these are. During the summer of 1861 theiewere
not ti oops enough'in the State of Missouri to meet
the invasion that came into the State from Aikan-
eas. The convention of my State met together,
and provided for the organization of a large force,
some forty thousand men. Of course, we did not
raise that number, but we raised some eight or
ten thousand six months men that did serve under
the authority of the State; but by an order made
by the Governor of the State, and by the Presi-
dent of the United States also, they were put un-
der the command of Federal officers. They were
very efficient troops. They served during the six
months, and rendered very important service in
the State of Missouri. They were subjcctall the
time to the control of Federal commanders.
I do not say that i would vote for the original
proposition of the Senator from Vermont. I am
opposed to all exemptions in this case anyhow*
In Missouri none of us are exempted, and none
of us ever have been. Our State has been invaded
half a dozen times by citizens of Texas, Arkan-
sas, Louisiana, and other southern States. The
loyal ministry in my State have to fight; the loyal
executive officers, the loyal judiciary, and the
loyal legislative officers. They ail have to enter
the service; and whether they be technically ex-
empted or not under any exemptions that you
may pass here, they will yet be compelled to bo
in the service from this time on until the rebellion
is put down.
A large number of members of the convention
to which Missouri is indebted for her present
position were members of military companies in
that Stato, and served in the convention, and the
very moment the convention adjourned they went
back and entered the military service. The larger
portion of the present Legislature of the State of
Missouri are military officers understate organ-
ization. They have acted in harmony with the
Federal soldiers in the State. In addition to the
troops that will be credited to the State, under the
amendment that I propose, I will state to the
Senator from Massachusetts that we have to-day
fifty-two thousand enrolled militia in that State,
and they have been in service since last fall, but
they will not bo credited to the State. Our people
are all under arms and have been; and it is not
now so much in consequence of the rebellion in
our own State as it is through fear of invasion
which is constantly threatening us in southwest
Missouri. Wc lmvc to send the whole military
organizations of the State that we can to the south-
west, and keep a sufficient force in the northern
part of the State to keep down any fears of rebel-
lion. That is our condition to-day, and it will
continue in all probability to be our condition.
Our condition is such that this measure will oper-
ate very hard upon us. Take the loyal citizens
to-day; how many men are there? We have a
large portion of our militia or individuals subject
to military duty now engaged in the southern
rebellion, thereby reducing the number of our
people on which to draw, and those loyal men
who have been left have been constantly in ser-
vice. I think in arranging this draft we ought-to
be credited at least with those troops who have
been called into scrvice by State authority, and
yet have acted subject to the military commanders
of the United States. The generals in command
appointed by yourselves have commanded th«
troops that will be credited to the State under this
exemption, and it is but justice that wc should
have the exemption. If the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont be voted down, I am will-
ing that mine shall go with it; but if his amend-
ment be adopted, I insist that my amendment
shall also be. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, Davi«, Dixon, Harding, Harris,
Henderson, Howard. Kin™, Laneot Indiana, Lane of Ran-
j a«s, McDougall, and Trumbull—12.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony,Arnold, Chandler,Clark,CcJ-
lamer, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot. Foster, Grimes, Harlan,
Hicks, IIowc, Latham, Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Rice,
Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson of Massachusetts—24.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, as amended, was concurred in.
The Secretary read the next amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, which was to in-
sert at the end of the amendment just concurred
in, the following:
And that in assigning to the districts In each State tfor
number of men to be furnished therefrom, the President
shall take into account the number ot per&ons that may
hereafter he furnished to the Navy, so for as can be ascer-
tained.
Mr. RICE. On that I ask for a separate vote*
and call for the y«as and nays-
