1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Clark, Fess^nden,
foot, Foster, Hardin?, Morrill, Sumner, Trumbull, and
Wilson of Massachusetts—11.
NAYS — Mc«sis. Chandler, Collamer, Cowan, Davis,
Bixon, Doolittlc, Giime*, Harlan, Harris-, llendeison,
Hicks, Hovv.trd, Ilowe, Kinq, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Latham, McDoujjall, Nesmith, Ponn-roy, Rice,
Sherman, Ten Eyck, Wade, and Wilkinson—25.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
T?hc next amendment was in section thirteen,
to strike out all after the word 44 that" where it
first occurs,and insert in lieu of the words stricken
out the following:
Any person drafted and notified to appear as aforesaid,
"may, on or hefbie the day fixed for his appearance, furin&h
an acceptable substitute to tnkp Ins place in the draft, or he
may pay to such person as the Secretary of War may au-
thouzc to receive it such -sum, not exceeding §300, a  the
Secretary may determine, for the procumtton of such ^iib-
etituto; and thereupon such person so lurnhhins; the sub-
stitute, or paving the money, shall be discharged from lia-
bility undei that draft; and any person failing to rt'poitatter
du«? service of notice a-, herein picscnbud, without tarnish-
ing a substitute or paying the required «nim thciefoi, shall
be deemed a desertci,'aifd shall be ai rested by the provost
marshal and sent to the nearest military post for trial by a
court-martial, unless, upon proper showing that lie is not
liable to do military duty, the board of enrollment shall
relieve lilm from the draft.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move to amend that by strik-
ing out " $300," and inset ting " $500." [Oh, no ! j
Theamendment to theamendmentwas rejected.
The amendment made as in Committee of the
■Whole was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
five, line five, after the word "draft," to insert,
"or in the performance of any survicc in relation
theneto."
The next amendment was after the word li pun-
ishable," in line six of section thirty, to strikeout
the word "only."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments made as in Committee of (he Whole have
all been read. Those to winch no objection has
been made art; regaided as concurred in. The bill
is still open to amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to strikeout
all after the word "service," in the eleventh line
to the word "second," in the fourteenth line of
section two, so that we may have a bill without
any exemptions. I propose to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
Also, first, the Vice President of the United States-, the
Judges of the vhmoic* courts oi the dinted Slates, and the
neaihot the various Executive Jirp mmeats of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move an amendment to
theamendment of the Senator from Kansas, by
inseiting, after the words 14 United States," the
words " members of Congress;" and upon this
I wish to occupy a moment.
1 am opposed to theamendment which the Sen-
ator has offered. I wan opposed to not except-
ing the Governors of the States. 1 think it is m
bad taste; it is wrong in every way. I am in
tavor of excluding- ail those persons who form a
part of the Government itself. I think when you
say that you will take the heads of Departments,
the membets of Congress, the Governors of States,
and include them in this bill as subject to a draft,
you aie going far beyond your proper line of
duty. There is no class of men in the United
Slates who have done so much for the soldiers
in the field as the Governors of the loyal States.
The members of Congress are a part of the Gov-
ernment, and are by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States exempted from the effects of this law.
The heads of the Departments cannot be taken out
of their offices by any law which we shall make
here, any more than you can make it applicable
to the President of the United Statrs. All tins, it
seems to me, is in very bad taste. It cannot be ex-
ecuted if resisted; and it is an attempt to dcceivc
the people and to humbug them. The people of
the United States are too intelligent to be hum-
bugged and deceived by any such kind of legis-
lation.
Mr. MCDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him if he has got a complete amendment
to cover that whole question?
Mr. WILKINSON. I have moved to amend
the amendment of the Senator from Kansas by
nisei'nig after the words " United States," in the
thirteenth line of the second section, the word*
"members of Congress."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator'
from Minnesota moves to amend the part pro-
posed to be stricken out, by way of perfection.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Tlie reason I have
for moving my amendment is to take out of the
mouths of the opponents of the bill an argument.
We have subjected the officers of the State gov-
ernments to this draft, and it does seem to me as
a matter of policy that we should strike out the
exemption of any officers of the General Govern-
ment. I feel very confident that it will meet their
entire approbation, and it will strengthen the bill,
in my opinion, before the people of the country.
Let us hiive no exemptions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is first on the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota.
Mr. WILKINSON. I want the yeas and nays
on it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the Senator from
Minnesota to accept as an amendment 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 rise to a point of
order. There is an incompatibility between the
amendment as proposed by the Senator from
Minnesota and my own.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota moves to amend the part of the
section which the Senator from Kansas proposes
to strike out. The motion to strike out will be in
order after that. The Senator from Minnesota
asks for the yeas and nays on his amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL, i ask foradivision, then.
Let us have a count.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is desirable that the
amendment should be reported. Let us know
what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read theamendment, which was
after the word "States," in the part proposed to
be stricken out, to insei t "members of Congress."
Mr McDOUGALL. I ask the Senator from
Minnesota, us a modification of his proposition,
after u members of Congioss" to insert " Gov-
ernors of States, judges of tiie State courts, and
meinbeis of tlie State Legislatures."
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 will accept that. '
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think those are the
pioper exceptions that should be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from California is accepted
by the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better have
the yeas and nays on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They have just
been refused.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for them again.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NESMITII. I should be in fnvur of this
amendment if it applied to a meritorious class of
persons, or at least to a class of pet sons who are
not able to render an equivalent in money; butas
it applies to a class of persons who are the most
able, perhaps, of any in the country to render an
equivalent m money for their service, I shall vote
against it.
Mr. KING. I ask if this amendment is divis-
ible ' I suppose it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
A'h. KING. I ask for a sepaiate vote upon
exempting the Governors. I am disposed to ex-
empt the Governor, who is the commander-in-
chief of the forces of the State, from subjection to
the diaft. :
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and I
nays have been ordered; the amendment is not I
divisible except by unanimous consent. j
Mr.KIiNG. Does that make a difference as to .
a division of the question? j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires |
unanimous consent. i
Mr. DIXON. I object. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Sen? tor from New i
York will allow me, I should like to ask him what .
army and navy the Governor of a State will have i;
to command after tins bill passes? It goes into si h
State and takes every man in it. The militia sys- j'
tem of the State, and the officering of the militia
of a State. I should think would be pretty much
ended when this bill passed.
Mr. KING. There will be a good many peo-
ple h ft m all the States after this bill passes. I
speak of that as a reason why I would exempt
the Governors.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will say-
to the Senator from Illinois that this bill does not
affect the militia system, or touch it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It takes every able-bodied
man in all the States.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This is an
organization of the population of the country, and
does not have anything to do with the militia in
any way whatever.
Mr. DAVIS. I have been consoled with the
remark of the Senator from Oiegon that the per-
sons who are now sought to be exempted would
generally be those who would be most able to pay
for a substitute. If they weie not able to pay for
a substitute we should have this comfort, at least,
that it would be the easiest thing in the world
to get a substitute for them in their civil offices.
[Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
whether this is a bill to raise an army, or whether
it is a revenue bill. That is the answer made to
everything here, that this is a revenue measure.
Does the Senator from Kentucky , who is a stick-
ler for the Constitution of the United States, rec-
ognize the right to raise a revenue in this country
in this way?
Mr. DA VIS. I have not characterized the bill
in that wav at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator places his
vote to draft Governors of States and members of
Congress upon the ground that he can collect a
revenue out of them, not upon the ground that
they shall go; and it has been avowed here time
and again, when this question has been up, that
the reason why these exemptions were not made
was in order to collect a revenue from the persons
indicated. That is the ground upon which it is
put.
Mr. WILKINSON. There are probably about
two or three members of the Senate who would
be subject to the draft under this bill. I am one
of them. These other gentlemen who are for in-
cluding members of Congress and are sticklers for
it, arc all of them gray-headed, and most of them
bald-headed, gentlemen. They would not be in-
cluded in the draft. I presume I have given as
much money since this war commenced, though
very poor, as any of them for raising volunteers
in my State.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask my honorable friend
one question. Has he a witness that he isunder
the age? [Laughter.]
Mr. WILKINSON. I will propose this to
gentlemen: if they want money, and want to tax
members of Congress, I will vote for just as high
a tax as any Senator here; and when they under-
take to deceive the people by a proposition of this
kind, I am entirely opposed to it, because we all
know that a draft cannot be enforced under the
Constitution of the United States against mem-
bers of Congress.
Mr. LA NE, of Kansas. In view of the fact that
we have raised the minimum age from eighteen
to twenty, I propose before the Senate adjourns
to move to raise the maximum age from forty-*
five to fifty, and that will take most of the mem-
bei s of the Senate.
Mr. WILKINSON. Very few. [Laughter.]
Mr. McDOUGALL. While I do notcaie to
deal in jesting about this business, I think that
in framing this law proper consideration should
have been paid to the Federal Government, as
organized as a Government, with its executive,
judicial, and legislative departments, and proper
regard should have been paid to the State gov-
ernments, with their executive, legislative, and
judicial departments. I think it will be mischiev-
ous more or less if it is not done now; and I trust
that Senators, regarding the importance of recog-
nizing the various functions of Government to
be di3chaiged by the various departments of the
Federal and State Governments, will consider that
it is important to make these provisions, so that
we shall not undertake by this legislation to im-
pinge on the course of Government or Adminis-
tration, either on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment or State governments—all essential to the
maintenance o? the war.
Mr. KING. I shall vote against this amend-
ment, exempting all these parties. If it fail, I
shall move to exempt Governors.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Collamtr, Cowan, Doolittle,
