THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
Suppose we do not-pass upon all these appoint-
ments, nearly nineteen hundred in number; what
becomes of these men, with that first section as
it stands? They cease to be officers, no matter
where they are. They may be in command of
our vessels of war upon a foreign station, but the
moment that twelve o'clock on the 4th of March
arrives, they cease to be officers. An attempt was
made to obviate that objection by the incorpora-
tion of the second section into the bill, which reads
as follows:
"That when the appointment of any such volunteer offi-
cer who shall be in the service on a foreign station shall
not have been confirmed by said 3d of Match, his office
shall continue until after his arrival at some port in the
United States."
Suppose one of these vessels is in your East In-
dia squadron—take for instance the sloop James-
town which is now there—and when she comes
home she touches at San Francisco. The mo-
ment the officer reaches San Francisco, that mo-
ment he ceases to be an officer of the United States.
You have no provision to pay him mileage to bring
him back to the port from whence he sailed when
he went on that cruise; but his functions cease en-
tirely there. Is that right? Is that just? Are
you disposed to put an officer of the United States,
who has gone into your public service upon your
faith that he was an officer and had a right to per-
form the duties of that position until the termina-
tion of the rebellion, in such a category as that?
I trust not.
Mr. President, a word has been dropped here
by the Senator from New Hampshire in regard
to the appointment of " acting rear admirals;"
and I propose to say a word on that point. At
the commencement of this rebellion,there was a
great deal of difficulty between Army and Navy
officers, on accountof the relative rank which each
held. The most eminent and the oldest officer in
the naval service had only the relative or corre-
sponding rank to a colonel in the Army; and hence
when a man commanding the largest fleet that
was ever put upon the American coast by our own
Government, or by any other, came in contact, or
was united in any joint operation with an Aimy
officer, oven if that officer had only been appointed
from the volunteer service the day before as a
brigadier general, the brigadier general ranked
him.
But that was not the only trouble. Another
was this: according to the naval system as it then
existed,everyofficer ranked in thatserviee accord-
ing to seniority, and however eminent might be
any particular officer, he could not be put in com-
mand of a squadron if there was one vessel in
that squadron commanded by a man who was
senior to him m rank. To obviate that difficulty,
Congress, on the 21st of December, 1861, very
'wisely enacted:
" That the President of the United States shall have the
authority to select any olficei iromthe guides ot c.iptam or
<;onimaiKlct in the Navy, and as&nm him to the command of
a «,quadion with the rank and title of ' flag officer.' and
any officer thin assigned shall have the same authority and
receive the same obedience from the commanders of ships
in hi- ssqnadion holding commis<ioiw of an older date than
his. that he would be entitled to receive were his commis-
sion the oldest."
That was before we passed the grade bill—
before we created the office of rear admiral. By
that act we abolished the rank of " flag officer."
When the office of rear admiral was created, the
Secretary of the Navy, ni the same way that he
was authorized by this law to designate a flag
officer, giving him a mere brevet rank, designated
the officer who was to command a sqnadton an
" acting rear admiral," carrying out the spirit of !
the law of Congress. These acting admirals, 1
am aulhorized to say, have not received one ad-
ditional cent of pay. They only had the rank
which it was the intention of Congress to confer
on naval officers under precisely the same circum-
stances in which these acting rear admirals were j
then placed. Take, for example, the case of Act- j
ing Rear Admiral Porter, who is only a commander |
in lineal rank. lie is brought in contact with
brigadier generals and colonels, and his relative
rank corresponding with military officers is only
that of lieutenant colonel. In order that he might
properly cooperate with the military commanders
with whom he was associated in the western flo-
tilla, the Secretary of the Navy saw fit, wisely I j
think, and m strict accordance with the spirit of j
this law, to grant him the brevet rank of an act- |
ing rear admiral dunng the time that he was in !
command there. That is all there is of this grave
charge.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I hope the bill will
not pass in its present shape. I think it would
be doing great injustice to the service to give this
license to eighteen hundred and require the others
to be confirmed. I move that the bill lie on the
table.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it be indefinitely postponed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on concurring m the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. IIALE. I now move that the bill be in-
definitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
ARRESTS OP CITIZENS OE DELAWARE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will again call up the resolution of the Senator
from Delaware, which is now before the Senate.
The Senate resumed the cpnsideration of the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and lie is here-
by, rinected to inform the Senate wtiether Dr. John Laws
and Wliiteley Meieclitll. or cither of them, citizens ot the
State of Delaware, have been arrested and inipiifeoned in
Fort Delaware; when they were arrested and sonnpi isoned;
the charges against them; by whom made; by whose oiders
they were arrested and imprisoned; and that he communi-
cate to the Senate all papers relating to their arrest and im-
prisonment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on tile adoption of the resolution, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Before the vote is taken
on the resolution 1 wish to have read a letter
which I received this morning from one of these
gentlemen, showing that he is in Fort Delaware,
thereby making the application which I make to
the Senate his own application.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The letter
will be read at the request of the Senator from
Delaware.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Fort Delaware, December 9, 1862.
Dear Sir: Tills is to mfoim you that Di. John Laws
and myself are still detained as pusoneis in this fort, and
any assistance you may render in piocnring our release
will be duly appreciated* bv your humble servant.
WIJITELEY W. MEREDITH.
Hon. Wtt.t.ard Saolsbury.
Mr. MORRILL. I propose to say a word or
two on this resolution explanatory of the vote 1
shall give, i propose to vote against this resolu-
tion and against all such. It is said, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the resolution is a simple resolution of
inquiry; and to some extent, on its face that is
true; but it is obvious enough from the terms of
the resolution that much more is implied than a
simple inquiry; and especially is that so after the
letter now upon your table, foritcan be no longer
supposed that the Senator who moves the inquiry
can be in doubt as to the fact that these persons
are actually impusoned, leaving nothing further
to inquire into except the manner of their im-
prisonment. To that extent of course the reso-
lution is a resolution of inquiry simply; and if the
mover of the resolution and those who advocate
it had chosen to leave it simply as a resolution of
inquiry addressed to the discretion of the Senate,
that would have presented one question; but they
have not chosen so to do; it stands here now as a
charge against the Administration of the Govern-
ment; it stands before us now as an indictment
against the President of the United States, the
Commander-in-Chief the Army; it stands hereas
a grand impeachment against that officer in his
attempts, m the midst of a gigantic civil war, to
enforce the laws, put down the rebellion, and re-
store order, and maintain the supremacy of the
Constitution.
Sir, we are no longer at liberty to regard this as
! a simple matter of inquiry; and that I do not over
' state this matter and the purpose of those who
! present it, the Senate will indulge me while I road
j from the speech of the honorable Senator from
j Kentucky, [Mr. Powei.i..] Commenting upon
subject, the honorable Senator said:
" Until then I shall pronounce them [the President and
his Cabinet] usurpers and violator of the Constitution
winch tiuy have sworn toMippou: I will be satisfied with
no nlea of necessity, which has been the tyrant's plea the
world over." * * * * " Have we reason to
believe that he [the President] will respect a law beeausc
it is passed bv this Congress, when lie acts in violation of
the Constitution of his country and the laws on the statute-
book made in pursuance theieot? 1 am wanting in faith
that the Piesident will execute any law you may pass on
this subject. The Constitution which he has sworn to sup-
port requires linn to see that the laws be faithfully executed,
which ho has failed to do." * x * * #
« What will be the result, Mr. President, if you go on m
this wav, and allow the Chief Magistrate of the nation, and
his Cabinet ministers, and men high in authority, to violate
wittingly, knowingly, the Constitution and laws of the
country, and deprive citizens of theirliberty ? What will
be the moral effect upon the community? The President
swears to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution ;
he swears to see that the laws are faithfully executed. If
he, the highest officer in the land, the Chief Magistrate of
a mighty people; if he who is as much bound by the Con-
stitution and laws as the humblest citizen, may violate them
with impunity, what will be the moral effect upon the com-
munity? They necessarily will do the same; and with
what heart, with what right would one of these high offi-
cials seek to punish a citizen for violating the Constitution
and laws of the country when he is daily infracting them
himself in the most vita! points?" *- * \ * "We
are told that if we pass lesolutions of this kind we shall be
taxing these gentlemen. They will never be taxed on a
more meritorious subject than this. It is sought to inquire
why a free American citizen has been unlawfully deprived
of his libeity and languishes in a dungeon."
And this, Mr. President, allow me to remark
in passing, is the tenor, or at least the tone of all
the speeches that have been made on the other
side of the Senate in support of this resolution.
The President is charged as a violator of the Con-
stitution and the laws—a usurper; and those who
sympathize with and maintain him are denounced
on the floor of the Senate as violators of the Con-
stitution , usurpers, exercising authority that they
wittingly and knowingly understand to be illegal
and tyrannical. Therefore, Mr. President, I say
we are no longer left, to treat this as a mere reso-
lution of inquiry. Those who produce it here
came here to denounce the President in advance;
and the burden of the charge is that not only this
arrest is unconstitutional and illegal, but that all
the arrests which have been made of this class are
unconstitutional and unlawful. Now, sir, on a
question of that kind, taking that form, I for one
am obliged to meet it'in the face; and I say to the
Senators who move such a resolution in such a
spirit, that I will not be the messenger to bear
such a resolution to the Commander-in-Chief un-
der these circumstances, nor will I vote to author-
ize such a resolution to be propounded; and, Mr.
President, I justify myself on the simplest and
clearest grounds to my apprehension. We are
informed in this resolution—I think substantially,
although it does not take that form in terms—that
certain persons in Delaware have been arrested by
the Commander-in-Chief of your Army and Navy,
and have been restrained of their liberty. That
is the charge substantially.
Well, sir, what of it? It is said that it is ex-
traordinary and tyrannical. Well, that depends
upon what? Why, they say it is so because it is
without shadow of law. That is a question to be
examined; that is a question to be considered.
But! repeat, what of it? Is it extraordinary that
such things should occur in a time of civil war,
in a time of gigantic rebellion, when a million of
armed men are arrayed on the side of the suprem-
acy of the Constitution and the laws; when as
many more stand for the overthrow of tins Con-
stitution and against the supremacy of the laws;
when one half your Confederacy is in rebellion
against your authority, and armed rebels confront
you and denounce your authority and defy it, and
when we know that those rebels have allies through-
out the whole country, that traitors infest every
portion of your country in sympathy and in alli-
ance with rebels under arms? I say, sir, that when
such a state of affairs is evident, showing that the
whole country is involved in civil war, not partial,
affecting a few interests; not local, confined to a
few places; but general, extending to the utmost
confines of the Republic, involving every interest
and reaching to every fireside in the land, making
our condition one of war, a state of genera) in-
testine strife and commotion, affecting the liberty
and the lights of every man, woman, and cluld
in the nation, and making our condition to-day
instead of one of peace, one of war, geneial war,
general internal civil war, the laws of war every-
where embrace' this nation in its length and its
breadth. The laws of war are the law of the land,
sir; not the Articles of War as the Senator from
Kentucky says, but the principles of war, as
