1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Foot, Harding, Hicks, Lane of Indiana, Latham. MeDoii-
gali, MoutU, Pomeroy, lUce, Tiumbull, Wade, and Wil-
kinson—16.
N AYS—Messrs. Anthony,Chandler, Clark, Davis, Dixon,
Fes^enden, Fo.^trr, Ginne.s Harlan, IJfiiris, Henderson,
llowaid, Howe, King, Lane of Kansas, Nesmith, Sherman,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, and Wilson of Massachsetts—00.
So the amendment of Mr. Wilkinson was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas, to strike out, in section two, the words:
Also, first, the Vice President of the United States, the
judges of the vanous courts ot the United States, and the
heads of the various Executive Departments ofthe Govern-
ment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Mess-rs. Arnold,Chandler, Davis, Dixon, Giimcs,
Harlan, Hams Henderson, Howe, King, Lane of Kansas,
Nevjmth, Sheiman, and Wade—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony,Claik,Colfamer,Cowan, Doo-
htlle, Fessenden, Foot, Fostei, Harding, Ilicks, llowaid,
Lane of fndiana, Latham, MeOouwall, Morrill, Pomeroy,
Rice, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Wilkinson, and Wil-
ton of Massachusetts—02.
So the amendment was rejected,
Mr. HOWARD. I understand there is no pro-
vision in the bill requiring members of courts of
inquiry to keep the proceedings that take place
in their courts secret, and I therefore offer an
amendment to this bill, to come in after section
thirty, to make provision for that. It is to insert
as a new section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That members and recorders
of courts of niquny shall take an oath, to be administered
by any member thereof, not to divulge the findings of tiie
court or an v proceeding's that lake place befoie tliein, or the
vote or opinion of any member, unless called upon as a
witness in a couit of justice to to do.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McDOCJGALL. I now offer the amend-
ment which was sent to the table a short time
since. It is in section one, line three, after the
word " States," to insert the following words:
And persons of foreign birth, who shall have declared on
oath then intention to become citizens, in pui&uance of tiic
laws thereof.
So that it will read:
That all able-bodied malf citizen5! of the United States,
and person^ of foreign birth, who shall have dcclaied on
oath their intention to become citizens, under and in pur-
suance of the laws theieof, between the ago* of eighteen
and forty-five years, except as hereinafter excepted, are
hereby declared to constitute the national forces, &c.
1 desire to call the attention of the Senate to this
amendment, and to state in a few words why I
say it is one of the first importance. The right
to call these persons into the field by conscription
has been sufficiently discussed. There are now
more than a million persons in the States who
have come here and made their homes on this con-
tinent, extending from the Atlantic to the Pacific
States—I think probably a million and a half of
men—who by their age and qualities would befit
for the conscription, and would be within its terms
if the amendment be adopted. Many of them
have lived here for years. They are all enjoying
the privileges of our institutions. They have fi-
nished a large part of the material out of which
our present Army is organized. They are sub-
ject to out laws; and there is no good reason why
they should not be subject to conscription as well
as other citizens of the country.
I do not desiie to take up the time of the Senate
on this subject; but I trust Senators will consider
the importance of bringing that part of the force
that is in the country into the field, if you are to
have conscription laws. There is no law of na-
tions, the< e is no convention of States, there is no
constitutional piovision, there is no State law or
State constitution that interferes with the exercise
of this power. It is a right in us. I trust Sena-
tars will make use of this element of strength,
and not ignoie it; because if this amendment is
not introduced into this bill, we entirely ignore
one of the greatest elements of our strength for
the purpose of carrying on this war. In the North-
west particularly, a large part of the population
is of foreign birth; and a large portion of that
population have not become citizens by taking the
final oath. Those who are most recently among
us are probably those who have been most prompt
to enter the service. There can be no good reason
why they should not be brought into the field. I
trust while we are bringing all our native citizens
into the field, and subjecting them to conscription,
we shall take those who have made their homes
among us, and asked, for the present and for all
time to comc, for themselves and for their chil-
dren, the protection of our laws, that they may
be called ujfon to support the Government and
the laws. It is a provision that I feel and I know
should be adopted; and if Senators will carefully
consider it, they will not pass a law subjecting
citizens only to conscription, and withdrawing
from subjection to conscription those from foreign
countncs who have made their home here, who
have enjoyed our protection and are enjoying it
now, and expect to enjoy it for themselves and
for their posterity.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from California.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I really hope that amend-
ment will not be adopted. It seems to me that it
might operate to provoke disputes with foreign na-
tions unnecessarily at this time. I certainly very
much doubt the powerof Congress to compel that
class of persons to enter the military service of the
United States. Indeed, I do not believe it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why?
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator asks why. Be-
cause he does not owe allcgiancc to this Govern-
ment; he is a citizen or subject of another Gov-
ernment, and we have no power to compel him to
fight our battles.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He voluntarily renounces
his allegiance.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose he voluntarily re-
nounces his allegiance when he declares his inten-
tion; asl said before, he may at any time change
his mind, and the perfection of that intention is
never evidenced until he has received his regular
naturalization papers. That is the final consum-
mation of that intention, and it is never fully
proved until that time. Until that moment he is
to all intents an alien. He is regarded so by the
courts; and I question very much, and I confess
I have always doubted the principle that it is com-
petent even for a State to allow an unnaturalized
alien to vote as a citizen of that State. However,
it is not necessary to discuss that question now.
The great trouble which I foresee from this amend-
ment consists in the probability—I will not say
possibility, but probability—that the employment
by the United States of unnaturalized aliens in
our wars will bring about quarrels, andeven blood-
shed, between ourselves and foreign nations at a
time when, however strong we may be, however
confident wo may now be of our strength, we are
little able to engage in such controversies; and I
hope these controversies will be avoided.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
from California to add these words to the amend-
ment, " and who have exercised the right of suf-
frage in any State;" and then I can vote for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from California accept the amendment of the
Senator from Maine?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object to that most ab-
solutely, because it makes an exception m favor
of those who have not exercised the privilege of
voting, which may create difficulty.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope this amendment
will be adopted. I have invariably voted to give
foreigners who have declared their intention to
become citizens of the United States all the rights
and privileges of native-born citizens. I believed
then, and believe now, that I did right in doing
so. We have given them the right of preemption
upon our public lands. We have given them the
( benefits of the homestead bill. In short, we have
given them all the advantages which a natimil-
born citizen of the United States can enjoy in this
country. I am for placing them upon a level j
with our own citizens. It is right and just and j
proper, if they receive all these advantages from j
our Government, that they shall share the rcspons- |
ibilities, the dangers, and the euffenngs of the j
American people. }
Mr. COWAN. Allow me to suggest to the !
Senator, this is the very best mode of testing them
during the three yeais of probation which remains
after they have declared their jntentions, and the
time when they come up to receive the final cere-
mony of naturalization.
Mr. WILKINSON. As the Senatovfrom Penn-
sylvania suggests, and as'the Senator from Wis-
consin suggested some time ago, when they comie
to get out their final papers, it beebfnes irccefcsary
for them to prove in open court that theyare
friendly to the Constitution and Government of
the United States. When a foreigner declares his
intention to becomea citizen of the United States,
he abjures his allegiance to his foritterfmnee or
potentate, and signifies or declares his intention
to become a citizen of the United Suites. Upon
that, in most ofthe western States, we haVegivon
them all the rights and privileges of American cit-
izens, and they should share the toils and the
dangers of American citizens. I am for placing
them shoulder to shoulder by the side of Ameri-
can citizens, regarding them in every particular
in the same light that I would if they had beten
borft on the soil.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me perfectly clear
that we may confer upon these foreigners any
rights, any privileges that we see fit, and that they
choose to accept. We may give them rights un-
der our preemption laws. We may even give
them, if the States think that can be done under
the Constitution, the right to vote; but I do not
see my way clear to impose upon them military
duty. There is a vast difference between confer-
ring upon them privileges and imposing upon
them military duties; and, as the Senator from
Michigan has-suggested, in undertaking to i*ti-
pose upon them military duties we at least cft'tfcr
upon a question,by possibility, with the countries
from which they come. In other words, we in-
corporate into this bill a litigation and lawsuit.
Now, God forbid that we should put anything
of that kind into this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from California; on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and -nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Meters. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Collamer,
Cowan, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Games, Hard-
ing, Italian, Uairis, Henderson, Hicks, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Latham, McDnujjall, Morrill, Ncinith,
Pomeroy, Rice, Sherman, Trumbull, Wade, aud Wilkin-
son—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Davis, Dixon, Howard, Howe,
King, Sumnci, Ten Eyck, and WiKon of Massachu-
setts—9.
So the amendment whs agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have
made a very good bill, and now I desire to put it
in operation. For that purpose, 1 move the fol-
lowing as an additional section to the bill, to be
added after the thirty-second section:
Jlnd be it further enactcd. That the Pjesident of the Uni-
ted States is hereby authorized and empowered, during the
present icbrlhon, to call foith the national forces by diaft
in the manner provided for m this act.
The amendment was agteed to.
Mr. KING. I desire now to offer the amend-
ment that I indicated a short time since, and that
is, to exempt the Governors of the several States
from draft under this bill. After the word 44 Gov-
ernment," in the fourteenth line of the second
section, I move to add the words " and the Gov-
ernors of the several States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.COWAN. I propose to amend thceleventh
section, in the fifth line, by striking out the word
" three," and inserting " one." I cannot agree to
a bill to diaft for three years. It has never been
done heretofore, and nobody ever thoughtof such
a thing. We thought we were going a great way
last year when we drafted for nine months. I
think lhat should be stricken out, and also the
words, " or during the war."
Mr. HARRIS. I really hope that that amend-
ment will be adopted. I think the idea of draft-
ing men and forcing them into the service for three
years is going a little too far.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania proposes to amend the bill in
section«cIeven, line five, by stiiking out the word
"three," and inserting "one;" so that it will
read, " and to continue in service for one year or
during the,war."
Mr. COWAN. I propose to strike out those
words, " or during the war," and perhaps I may
as well put it all in one amendment. If " three"
is stricken out, and " one" inserted, of course it
will be necessary to stuke out these words*, but
I will include them in the amendment.
