THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
be in full foi all claims for deficiencies of payments under
said neati^, $161,907 75.
Mr. Chairman, by an act of Congress of March
2, 1861, the Secretary of the Interior was directed
to inform the House what amounts were due to
the Pottawatomie nation of Indians now resident
in Kansas, under a certain treaty, and all other
treaties that had been made with them up to that
time. The Secretary of the Interior went into a
laborious examination of the matter, and stated
the account. On one side he stated the amounts
required by treaty to be paid, either in money or
goods, and on the other side he stated the amounts
actually paid. The balancc showed the amount
specified in this amendment. The Committee
on Indian Affairs being somewhat surprised at
this, went into an investigation of the subject, and
examined the report from the Treasury Depart-
ment, and the papers from the Interior Depart-
ment, and the only conclusion that it could arrive
at was that this balance was properly deduced.
If the United States is indebted to this tribe, as it
appears to be, that indebtedness should be, as an
act of justice, paid without further delay.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Chairman,
I know that it is an ungracious task, after a com-
mittee of the House has examined any subject
and has reached a conclusion, for a member, who
has not made such a full examination, to get up
and oppose it. But I cannot shirk a duty which
J feel to be incumbent at this time in regard to so
large an appropriation. One of the greatest leaks
in the Treasury Department at the present mo-
ment arises fiom our relations with the various
Indian tribes. Indian appiopriations have been
managed s.o recklessly hitherto that it is almost
impossible for any person to find out precisely
what is equitable and just m icgard to them. This
House has omitted for the lasl ten years an im-
perative duty by not refusing to make appropri-
ations under very many of the treaties made with
the Indian tribes—treaties by which weare bound
to make permanent annuities to tribes which in
the course of long years have become much re-
duced in numbers, while the annuities remain just
the same.
Now, in regard to this matter. According to the
statement of the gentleman fiom New Hampshire
[Mr. Edwards] the Secretary of the Interior has
made an examination of these aeeounls, crediting
the Indians with all the money and goods to which
they weie entitled under vaiious treaties, and
c.hatging (hem with what can be proved io have
been delivered, i suppose that if we were to take
all theaceounts between the United States and the
vaiious Indian tubes, and make a similar state-
ment, the enure revenues oft he G overn men t would
be insufficient to pay what might thus be found to
bo outstanding debts against the Government.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will my colleague have the
goodness to state the age of some of these Hems
now sought lo be brought np here?
Mr. MORRILL, of Veimmir. Some of these
items ore dated as fai back as 1819. The Indians
have not been heieabout H; but some active agent
who cxpects to get a large fee for procuring this
huge appiopi latiun has stinvd up the question.
] do not think it wise, economical, jur-f, or pru-
dent to make .such mi appropriation without fur-
ther unesiigation.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. I move to amend
the amendment by ieducing the amount seventy-
five cents. The gentleman from Vermont has
staled some general object ions against this amend-
ment, averting that neai iy all the dangerous leaks
in (he Tieusury find their vent in the Indian de-
paitment Now, I undertake to say that there
jius been more mom y wasted in commissions foi
buying vessels, or m a single contract of the War
or Navy Drpai tment, than has been used in keep-
ing: peace with these vaiious Indian tribes for the
last twenty years.
I have listened diligently to the objections the
honorable member of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Mourm.i., of Vermont,] has made to
this amendment. The sum proposed to be ap-
propriated is, to be sure, huge; but this, it must be
n-colleck'd, is a ftiendly nation of Indians to the
Government in this rebellion, and some of them,
if I mistake not, have enlisted in our Army under
the management of the able and intelligent Com-
nusMonei of Indian Alfairs. At any late, these
Potta watonwes have been my neighbors, and I feel
myself veiy much disposed to patronize them in
their distant horn-1 to any extent which maybe
proper and just. If the amendment reported by
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
is just, I hope it will be adopted. I apprehend
that the House does not sufficiently understand
it. I find reference made here to a law under
which this award was made. 1 hope the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs will
explain the provisions of that law, and give us a
little further light on the subject.
Mr. EDWARDS. If chums of this kind are
being pressed through the House by interested
parties who are influencing the proceedings of this
House, I beg leave to say that I do not belong to
that class, for I have no personal feeling even upon
the subject. I desire simply that it shall be passed
upon by the House in the sober exercise of their
judgment, without prejudice, and with a full under-
standing of the facts of the case.
By the act of March 2, 18G2, the Secretary of
the Interior was instructed to make certain in-
quiries in relation to the amounts claimed to be
due to a certain portion of the Pottawatomie In-
dians residing in the State of Michigan. The law,
furthermore, authorized and directed the Secre-
tary of the Interior to examine and report at the
same time whether there is any money not here-
tofore appropriated payable to thesePottawatomie
Indians under and by virtue of the treaty of Oc-
tober 26, 1832, or other treaties, and if so, what
amount.
By this act of Congress this investigation was
directed to be made. It is not an investigation
gotten up by interested parties, but it was ordered
by virtue of an act repoited by the Senate, adopted
by the House, and approved by the President.
Now, sir, this investigation has been made, and
a voluminous repott lias been presented to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, or rather presented
to the House and leferred by the House to that
committee. The Committee on Indian Affairs and
the Secretary of the Interior have approved the re-
sult of the investigation, and have presented this
sum as in justice due to the Pottowcitamie nation.
This amendment, therefore, it will be seen,
rests upon the investigation and upon the best
judgment of the Secretary of the Interior, and
upon the investigation and judgment of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. This is the basis upon
w hich we have acted ; and if the House shall have
faith in the investigation which has been made,
and in the judgment of these officers upon that in-
vestigation, they will sanction that report and
appropiiatc the sum which has been awaided.
Mr. HARRISON. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs whether this report
of the Secretary of the Intel lor and the Commit-
ter on Indian Aflaiis shows that, these laige de-
ficits have aiisen from a failure to make the ap-
propriations required by the treaties with this tribe
of Indians, oi from iiauds in disbuising the
moneys actually appropriated >
Mr. EDWARDS. If the committee will allow
me, I will answer the question of the gentleman.
It was not ascertained by thecomnvttee; they have
arisen from taiiuies to make the proper appiopi la-
tions or from failures in applying them. On inquiry
by us how it happened that so laige deficiencies
should oecui, it was stated to us that it often hap-
pened that amounts appropriated for the benefit
of the Indians were misapplied or absorbed by
dishonest and fait bless agents, who defrauded the
Government at the expense of the Indians.
M r.WI LITE, of Indiana, withdrew his amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. MOIIRILL, of Vermont. I renew the
amendment for the pui pose of saying a word. It
was not my intention to throw any imputation
upon the Commit tee on Indian Affairs or upon the
Indian depaitment. But it is new rtheless true that
these expenditures in relation to the Indians are
constantly increasing and accumulating, and for
this plain reason: that we make a treaty with them
when we icniove them a certain distance, but it
becomes necessary immediately to remove them
again, and so they are removed again and again,
increasing the expenditure cach time, and never di-
minishing it: so that the aggregate amount which
we appropriate for these Indians has be com c a
serious burden upon the Government, certainly
at this time.
In relation to the investigation which has been
made at the Indian department, I have to say
that K is to ihe principle upon which it was made
that I seriously object. If you adopt that prin-
ciple which this ei'eced^nMf sanctioned, will in-
augurate, it will involve the Government in untold
millions of debts.
How was that amount reached in the investiga-
tion which has been made? Simply by keeping
an account current, crediting the Indians with all
the money which becamc due them under various
laws and treaties, and then whenever a voucher
could not be found that they had been paid, it was
placed to their credit as due by the Government.
Now, in the last forty years the accounts of those
expenditures, as we know, have been kept very
carelessly, and yet when for that or any reason
a voucher has been lost or could not be found,
the sum is construed into a debt, and is put into
this appropriation which thegentleman from New
Hampshire proposes.
Now, what do we know of this matter ? Those
of us who know anything of the process in which
these investigations are made, know that the Sec-
retary «of the Interior simply deputes a clerk to
make them. In this instance the clerk has,I doubt
not, labored diligently and faithfully for from three
to six months, and I doubt not that in each item
he 1ms been unable to find the vouchers*, but I tell
the House that if they sanction this claim, similar
claims will arise from every Indian tribe for which
an appropriation of money has ever been made.
I hope, therefore, the amendment will be rejected.
Mr. ALDR1CH. I rise simply for the purpose
of stating to the committee that the gentleman
from Vermont is mistaken in several of the state-
ments which he has made. He says these arrear-
ages run back to 1819. He is mistaken there. If
he will examine the report of the Secretary of the
Interior he will find that they do not go back fur-
ther than 1834. There is no allowance made in
thataecountto these Indians previous to the treaty
of 1834. And 1 will state that every voucher given
to the Government has been found.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the gentleman
will icfer to the report he will find that one portion
of it refers to the treaty of 1834 and another por-
tion refers to the treaty of 1819.
Mr. ALDRICH. I think the gentleman is
mistaken. The Secietary of the interior did not
go back of 1834.
The gentleman from Vermont says further that
these Indians have not been here themselves. He
is mistaken in that. They have been here, deputa-
tions oft hem have been here repeatedly, beseeching
the Government and the Indian department to in-
vestigate their claims under tieaty stipulations and
to make an appropriation of the amount due them.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I wish simply to in-
qune the number of Pottowatomics in Michigan
at this time?
Mr. ALDRICJI. Thisapplies to the whole Pot-
tawatomie nation in Kansas as well as in Michigan.
There aie, I think, some six thousand in all.
Mr. EDWARDS. There are, I think, some
four thousand of them in Kansas*.
Mi. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely say
to the gentleman from Minnesota that if he will
recur to the third page of the report he will find
that I am correct as to the time to which this
report goes back. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to stiikeout
the last word in the section. My attention has
been called to the report of the Committee on In-
dian AlTairv, to which reference has been made.
1 find that the items makingup this enormous sum
of $161,900 are as follows: «  For deficiency in pay-
ments required by treaty stipulations from 1819 to
1861, ^,61),507 56." There is no explanation as to
how tins deficiency arose. Next comes a series of
deficiencies, the first of which is "11,000 pounds
of tobacco, at Leu cents, <,1,100. " When that oc-
curred, or how it occuned, the committee do not
state, and thrue is no evidence, ho far as I am in-
formed, before the comm ttee. The next item is
'*567 pounds of iron, at seven and a half cents,
§42 5*2." The whole account is as follows:
For deficiency in payments required by treaty stipulations
from 1^9 to l?tU  I. §89,507 56
For deficiency of the following articles stip-
ulated to be furnished by s?ud treaties, to wit:
11,000 pound"' or tobacco, at 10 cents. .$] ,100 00
of>7 pounds of uon. at 11 cent^.... 42 52
8.ru pounds of steel', ar 25 emtv... 21J 75
672 pounds of'->alt, at per bai ioi. 2 00
For deficiency of outfit of emanating Indian*,
by tieaty ot Octobci 23. I6o2... 
For commutation for belt-emigrating Indians,
by same treaty   
1,358 27
28,442 92
62,590 00
$161.80$ 75
