1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not wish to misrepresent the Executive, of whom
I desn e to speak with respect; but while I do that,
1 wish m plam and unmistakable language, no in-
nuendo or hint about it, to point out to the Senate
the provisions of the Constitution which I think
have been violated by him. The proclamation of
the 24th of September undertakes to order:
" 1 That daring the existing insurrection, and as a neces-
sary measure lor suppiessing the same, all rebels and insur-
gents, their aideis and abettors, within the United States,
and all peisons discouraging volunteer enlistments, resist-
ing militia diafts, ui guilty of any disloyal practice, afford-
ing aid and comfort to the rebels against the authority of
the United States, shall be subjectto martial law, and liable
to ttial and punishment by court-martial or military com-
minMOIl. ,
" 2. That the writo f habeas corpus is suspended in respect
to all poi>ofls arreted, or whoaienow,or hereafter during
the rebellion shall be, impii>oned in any fort, camp, ais-enal,
military puson, or other place of confinement by any mili-
taiy authouty, or by the sentence of any court-martial or
military commission."
I would ask the Senator from Maine—yea, sir,
I would ask the friends of the Administration—to
tell me if that is not a plain violation of the Con-
stitution of your country. The President tells
you nil these persons shall be tried by military
commission. Now, what does the Constitution
say? I will read it:
(,No person shall be held to answer for a capita! or other-
wise infamous ciime, unless on a presentment or indict-
ment of a giand jury, except in cases arising m the land
or naval forces, or in the militia, when in actual service m
time of war or public danger; nor shall any person bo sub-
ject for the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life
or limb; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be
a witness against himself; nor be deprived of life, hbeity,
or property, without due process of law; nor shall private
propei tv be taken for public use without just compensa-
tion."
That is the fifth article of the amendments to the
Constitution. It tells you how every man shall
be tri<*d, except one who is in the land or naval
service; and yet the President of the United States,
in plain violation of that provision of the Consti-
tution, has issued a proclamation declaring that
he will try civilians, persons in no way contacted
with the Army, by military commission. Is not
that plainly violative of this clause of the Consti-
tution? There can be no doubt about it. The
Constitution is the same in peace and in war; the
constitutional rights of the citizen, the guarantees
of the Constitution that protect him in his life,
liberty, and property are not enlarged, limited, or
suspended in time of war; they remain in full
force and effect.
The Senator from Maine says all this is done
under the war power, and that the war power is
not what I indicated that it was. He resorts
again to that old plea of tyrants, necessity. Mr.
President, I have heretofore discussed this point
at some length, but I have an authority before me
which I will trouble the Senate by reading. I
stated in the previous debate on this resolution that
the military was subordinate to the civil power,
and that our Articles of War were statutes made by
the Congress of the United States; arid I did say
that those Articles of War were for the government
of thrt Army, and prescribed what should be done
in regard to courts-martial and courts of inquiry.
I said that by the Articles of War men in the mil-
itary service were bound, but that they did not
apply to civilians. The Senator seems to think
that this p'osition of mine was unsound. I say,
further, that wherever the Articles of War do not
apply our armies must be governed by the rules of
warfare which prevail with civilized and Christian
nations. I hold in my hand a very elaborate and
able ai tide, written by Hon. Benjamin R. Curtis,
of Massachusetts, lately a judge of the Supreme
Court of the United States, a man eminent for his
ability, a man who, I have heard the distinguished
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] say
on this floor, upon more occasions than one, was
the only lawyer on the bench of the Supieme
Court of the United States, and who retiied in dis-
gust fiom his associates because he was the only
man learned m the law upon that bench ! That
was the idea of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, though, of course he expressed it in more
graceful and elegant language. He is the judge
who delivered the dissenting opinion in the Dred
Scott case. In that opinion, I confess 1 thought
Judge Curtis was wrong; but all admit that he is
a lawyer of very great ability. He has chosen to
give to the country his views upon these procla-
mations, and upon the general subject of exec-
utive power. If I am wrong, I am very much
gratified to find that so distinguished a lawyer as
Judge Curtis errs with me; but the truth is, neither
of us is in error. The Senator himself errs. Judge
Curtis says:
" What, then, are those limits? They arc these : there
is military law; there is ma <ial law. Military law i«tthat
system of laws enacted by the legislative power for the gov-
ernment of the Army and Navy of the United States', and
of the militia, when called into the actual service of the
United states. It has no control whatever over any per-
son or any property of any citizen. It could not even apply
to the teamsters of an army, save by force of the express
provisions of the laws of Congress, making such persons
amenable theieto. The persons and the property of private
citizens of the United States are as absolutely exempted
fiom the coiitiol of mill tar} law as they arc exempted from
the control ot the laws of Great Britain.
And yet the President says he will try citizens
by a military commission for certain offenses.
Judge Curtis goes on further to say in this article:
i: But there is also martial law. Whatisihis? It is the
will of a military commander, opeiatmg, without any rc-
suanit, save hw own judgment, upon the lives, upon the
piopeitj, upon the ontne social and individual condition of
all over whom ?h" law extends. But, under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, ovei whom does such law extend ?
vVill any one be bold enough to say, in view of the his-
tory of our ancestors and our-eive-s, that the Piesjdont of
the United States can extend such law as that over the en-
tile cou.itty, oi over any defined geographical part thereof,
save in connection with some particular military opera-
tions which he is eatrying on there? Since Charles I lost
Ins head, there has been no king m England who could make
such law in that realm. And whore is there to be found,
in our hi-tory ot our constitutions, riilier State or national,
any wauant for saying that a President of the United States
lias ben rmpowoted by the Constitution to extend martial
law over the whole countiy, and to subject theieby to his
military power eveiy lightot eveiy citizen ? lie haa no&uch
authoiity."5
That is the language of Judge Curtis. He
thinks that nobody will be so bold as to take a
position of that kind. He was not aware of the
valor and boldness of the Senator from Maine, or
of course he would not have said it. He says
further, in reference to these two proclamations:
"It is manifest that in pioclaimmg these edicts, tiie Pres-
ident i-« not acting undei ihe authoiity of mill taiy law; first,
because military law extends only over the pennon- actually
enhbted in the nulitaiy seivice; and second, because thebe
peisons ate governed by laws enacted by the legislative
powet. His equally manifest that he is not acting under
that implied authoi try winch glows out of particular actual
military opeiauons;" foi these executive decrees do not
spun? horn the special em-Jigencie& of any particular mii-
itaiy opeiations, and ate not limited to any field in which
am sii'ii opeiatio'ns! are earned on.
'"•Whence, then, do the-e edicts spring? They spiing
fiom the adorned power to evtend martial law over the
whole tenitoi) of the United States; a power, for the exer-
cise ofwhieh by the Pie-ulentthcieis no warrantwhatever
in the Constitution; a power which no ftee people could
conier upon an executive olfieet, and remain a tree people.
Foi it would make him the absolute master of their lives,
their hb 'sues, and their pioperty, with power to delegate
Ins ma^teivhip to %uch satiaps as he might select, or ao
mi'jbt be imposed on his cieduhty or ins tears. Amid the
great danger \\ hieh encompass us; m our struggles to en-
counter them; m oui natmal eagonepy to lay hold of effi-
cient means to aceomph&h our vast labors, let us beware
how we boirow weapons fiom the armory ofaibitiary
power. They cannot be wielded by the hands of a free
people. Their blows will finally fall upon themselves."
Wisely and well said.
" Distracted councils, divided strength, arc the veiy ear-
liest efleets of an attempt to use them. What lies beyond,
no patiiot is now willin? to attempt to look upon.
" A leading and influential newspaper, while expressing
entne devotion to the P.e->dent, and approbation ot! his
pioelani.ttion of emancipation, says : 'The Democrats
talk about " unconstitutional acts." ft'obody pretends that
this act !-•> constitutional, and nobody cares whether it is or
not.5
1 do not know what newspaperthe judge quotes
from, but f have myself heard a great many
such speeches and read a great many such arti-
cles in newspapers. The Senator from Maine
will thus find that perhaps the most distinguished
lawyer of Massachusetts fully concurs in the po-
sition I have taken—a man whom I have never
heard accused of being a Democrat. I do not
know .fudge Curtis personally, hut he is certainly
legarded as, at least, among the most eminent
lawyers of Massachusetts.
Mr. Pf esident, honoMtly and conscientiously be-
lievincr as I do that tins war would have but the
ffr« els which I have briefly indicated, I have op-
posed it. Believing honestly, as 1 do, that the
President of the United States has violated the
ConslHnnon of my country in the instances which
1 have iiiuieafcd, 1 have taken the libeity, in my
place as a Senator m the Congicss of the United
Slates, to say so; novxr m language abrupt or
insulting to the President, always treating him, I
trust, with that courtesy whieh his high office de-
mands nt my hands. 1 have never questioned the
loyalty or patriotism of any Senator on the othBr
side because he takes isriue with me u£>on ifte&e
matters. If Senators do not think that the Pres*
ident has violated the Constitution of the country,
it is their privilege to say so, and for the "saying
of it no man has a right to blame them. I hon-
estly believe that the President in these particular-
acts to which I have referred, has violated the Con-
stitution of the country, and I believe, as Judge
Curtis has so lucidly expressed it, that he;cannot
claim shelterunder the military power for so doing.
This is the sum of my offending, for which I am
to be twitted and overborne in the Senate. I ask
Senators, if they dissent from me, to meet the ar-
guments, to take up the Constitution and the'jaws
and show the warrant and power of the President
for doing those unconstitutional acts for which I
arraign him before the bar of the people. Most
of the acts that*I have specified, are m palpable
violation of the plain letter of the Constitution.
They arc not matters of construction, but they
are so plain and explicit that there can be no doubt.
Hence gentlemen try to lead the country off from
the argument in the manner in which it is said in
the books of the little school-boys, the lapwing
leads the boy from her nest by flying away on
apparent crippled wing, and expecting the boy
to follow her. Gentlemen expect to lead me off
from the argument in that way, but they are mis-
taken in their man. I will hold them to the point.
I will call the attention of the country to the issue.
I demand again to know by what constitutional
authority the President has done the things to
which I have alluded. Show it to me if you can.
Till gentlemen do that, I repeat! will regard him
as having exercised usurped power, and violated
the Constitution of the country which he has
sworn to support.
Mr. President, 1 had hoped that I should not
be again brought into this debate, for two days
ago I said more on the subject than I had intended
to say. I made no preparation for argument.
When I came here to-day, I did not expect to
speak on the resolution any more, and I would
not have done so but for the extraordinary speech
of the Senator from Maine.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] tiie other day, in reply to the few remarks
of mine to which the Senator from Maine has al-
luded to-day,said that it was notthestfarrests that
had had influence upon the elections in theNorth.
He intimated that the Republicans had come out
most gloriously as the party of the Constitution
and the Union. With great deference to the opin-
ion of that Senator, I do not think that with the
exhibit I have made to-day, they can lay claim to
being the party of the Constitution, for I think
they have violated it in almost every vital part.
The Senator says that the Democracy gained this
victory because the Republicans were away in the
Army. I am not accurately informed as to what
proportion of the soldiers coming from those re-
spective States were Democrats and Republicans,
and consequently 1 cannot distinctly and specific-
ally state the comparative numbers of the two par-
ties, but I do know that Demociatic members of
Congress who have been elected in Indiana and
in Illinois and in Ohio have told me that if the
soldiers had been at home, their majorities would
have been very greatly increased. That, however,
only proves one fact, that they and the Senator
from Massachusetts differ. As i stated, I am not
informed of the political complexion of the Army,
and consequently can state nothing about it, but
1 know that members of Congress who have re-
cently gone through the ordeal of a triumphant
canvass have told me that they wished the soldiers
weie at home, for then their vote would have been
very largely increased. That is the opinion of
the western Democracy. I have heard no expres-
sion of opinion as to the effect in Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, and New York, but as to Ohio, In-
diana, and Illinois, £ have heard this statement,
from more than one member of Congress.
Sir, whilst I did not pretend to intimate that
these illegal arrests wc-re the sole cause of the
defeat of the Republicans in thojc States, I did
regdid itas one striking issue in the canvass. It.
was certainly so in Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Penn-
sylvania, New Jersey, and New \ork. I regard
it, however, as but one of the prominent issues
1 know there were many others, and now I will
state candidly to the Senator from Massachusetts
the issues that I think were presented, and the rea-
