1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
Thirty years have elapsed since the ratification
of the last treaty under which these deficiencies
are claimed to have occurred. And now, at this
unparalleled crisis in the nation's history, with the
Treasury bleeding at every pore, this House is
called upon to make this enormous payment. It
will not surprise me in the least if it goes through
the House; for it is notorious that claims which
have been kicked about this Capitol for the last
twenty-five years have been carried through this
Congress. Still, I venture to express the hope
that the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, this is an
important sum. It is important to the United
States. It is important still more to this Indian
tribe. Therefore a little time spent on it will not be
regarded as lost. As those items are in the report
of the Committee on Indian Affairs to this House,
they are not now properly before thc#House.
A reference to it I concede to be proper here. It
furnishes certain information which I desire the
House to be furnished with. It is said that these
items are important. One of the most important
is for the deficiency in payments required by
treaty stipulations, from 1819 to 1861, $09,507 56.
The Secretary of the Interior, in the report which
is before the House, states in detail those deficien-
cies. They were deficiencies in money payments
to certain tribes of Indians. They amount to
$G9,000. The payments were specifically pro-
vided to be made by the treaties referred to. It
is a large item, but it is authorized by law.
The nextlarge item is as follows: "For deficiency
of outfit of emigrating Indians by treaty of Octo-
ber!^), 1839, $28,44292." A treaty was made with
the Pottawatomie' Indians at that date by which
the United States stipulated, if they would remove
from lands in Michigan to lands in Kansas, pro-
vided by the Government, that it would give them
an outfit given to the most favored tribe. By a
comparison with the outfit given to the Choctaw
nation of Indians, notlong before, they found that
they had received an outfit that was deficient
$28,000. The articles are given in the report of
the Secretary of the Interior, which go to make
up that amount.
The next item is "for commutation for self-
emigrating Indians, by same treaty ,$09,590." By
the treaty which was made with the Pottawatomie
Indians, by which they were removed to Kansas,
the Government stipulated to be at the expense
of removing them and supporting them for one
year afterwards. We supported them for one
year after they were removed. Eleven hundred
of them removed in one body without any expense
to the Government of the United States. The
Secretary of the Interior has taken the lowestav-
erage cost of those removed at the expense of the
Government and multiplied it by the number of
those who went there in a body at their own ex-
pense. If they had removed with the others it
would have been at the cost of the United States.
We thought it was only proper that they should
be reimbursed those expenses.
In this way, sir, this gross amountof $160,000
is made up. It is made up under treaty stipula-
tion. I submit the facts now before the House
on the report of the committee, which was pre-
pared at great labor and with much care.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strikeout " one
hundred and sixty." This matter has been be-
fore the Committee of Ways and Means for their
examination. They came unanimously to the
conclusion that this item ought not to be includ-
ed in an appropriation bill. 1 believe there is
not a single item later than the period when the
Treasury building, with all of the receipts and
vouchers, was destroyed by fire. In all current
tiansactions with Indian tribes the same presump-
tions must arise in favor of the Government, as
ordinarily govern all transactions between man
and man. I believe that every code of laws 1 am
familiar with prescribes twenty years as the time
when payment is presumed to be made. Thirty
years have elapsed since these deficiencies have
been alleged to have occurred. Sixty thousand dol-
lars for transportation ? Who is to get it! Those
who went there at their own expense are all dead
and gone. Who is to get this money ? Who is to
get tiie deficiency of$28,000 in outfit? Who will
get this money in solido? We know from the
manner in which Indians affairs are conducted
where it will go. It will go into the pocket of
some sagacious, sharp, and not over-scrupulous
white man, who has got himself into the position
of their agent, or is a self-constituted philanthro-
pist to act in their behalf.
These items, which slumbered until the dust of
age has accumulated over them, are now raked up;
and because by a fire we have not the evidence to
show that the money was paid, it is again to be
paid. It is setting a precedent exceedingly dan-
gerous, and especially at a time like this, when
the Government neeus every dollar it can com-
mand, whenall of theresourcesof the Government
are demanded by the exigency in which the Gov-
ernment finds itself. I feel constrained, as an in-
dividual as well as from an examination of it, to
call the attention of the House to this important
item, which I fear is m danger of being passed
without very much consideration or examination.
The committee say in their report that they do
not indorse this thing, but that they could not find
the grounds for impugning it. It is likely that
they could not find the vouchers because of the
time that has elapsed. I trust that the House will
not allow this to come out of " the tomb of the
Capulets," where it has been so long. I now with-
draw my amendment.
Mr.SIlELLABARGER. I movetostrikcout
the last word. I want to call the attention of the
House to the language in which the report of the
committee is couched. It will be observed that
it is exceedingly timid in its nature. Let me read:
"They wcie slow to believe tlsat so considerable ail
amount as that above staled could have accumulated against
the Government, hy a tailuie to fulfill, ftom time to time,
thtQUgli a Ions? s'lies of yeais, its plain treaty stipulations
with a single Indian tribe. Nothing, howt-ver, in their ex-
amination-) came under then obseivation, or to their knowl-
edge, to enable them t<> dispiove any ot the items to the
cicdit of the Pottawatomies contained in the exhibit by the
Commissioner; they aio, ibercfme, constrained to accept
them as vcufied and established accoidma; to the statements
in the repoit, and toieconimend the adoption of the accom-
panying resolution."
If this appropriation of $160,000 be made it will
not be on report of any committee, but merely on
report of the Commissioner of Indian AfTairs.
Mr. EDWARDS. The gentleman is reading
now a icport which was made to this House,
which was recommitted, and which is not prop-
erly a part of the papers m this case. Still I have
no objection to its being used at this time; but if
the gentleman reads that report, he should also
read the resolution which accompanied it, because
that shows whether the committee did express an
opinion or not.
Mr. SHELLADARGER. I am much obliged
to the gentleman for his suggestion. All I mean
to say is this, that it is upon this information
alone, so far as the action of this House is con-
cerned, that we must act, for with this exception
we have no knowledge whatever of the validity
of this large claim. It appears in the statement
of this committee that they simply have been
unable to disprove the statements contained in the
report of the Commissioner; and in their report
they have made no intimation that they have
themselves found affiimativcly that any portion
of this claim is right. And certainly it would be
a very singular reversal of the whole practice of
the House, and of all wise rules of evidence, to
vote such large sums of money merely because
the committee has failed to prove that the account
was wrong. That is just what it comes to. It
seems to me that we had belterstop until inform-
ation is brought before the House which fully
supports the facts of this claim.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 wish to say a single
woid, not so much in reference to the particular
11 facts of this claim as to disinformation my ex-
j! pericnee has given me m reference to this class of
\\ claims generally. There has not been a tribe of
ji Indians for the last fifty years who have been in
'i the habit of receiving amounts of money or prop-
ji erty of any description from this Government
which has not been surrounded by a little tube of
>\ Indian traders, speculators, and Indian agents-,
!; and there is no class of claims against this Gov-
b eminent which have been prosecuted with more
I. vijror, more diligence, and more promptness, than
those Indian claims. The poor Indians nughthave
neglected them, but the Indian traders and spec-
ulators never forget them at all, much less for a
sei-ies of years. Harder dealings have been had
with this Government by that class of persons
than by any other class of creditors of 'he Gov-
ernment. That has been my experience through-
out. ^ # !
I do not call in question the integrity of the*
officer who made the report. I do not question:
that at all; but I am.perfectly satisfied in my own
mind that there arc great mistakes committed ir*
making up this account, No gentleman would
report, in private matters, such a balance as is
here reported,withouta full account. There aught
to be a statement of what was duo, of what waff
paid,and the balance would show for itself. Thire
is no such thing done here; butfortlxe whojesntn
of $100,000 you are asked to take a bald, unsatis-
factory statement like this.
Every gentleman will remember, upon a mo-
ment's reflection, that through the whole war of
1812 with Great Britain, and for years afterwards*
these Indians were in open hostility to us, and
were the most troublesome tribe in our country,
We were fighting them'for years.
Mr. EDWARDS. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that the Pottawatomies were in hos-
tilities with the Government.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDWARDS. In what year?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. From the commenoa-
montofthe war of 1812 to the time of theTecum-i
sell war with us.
Mr. EDWARDS. This account only ^oes
back to 1819, and we have not been in hostility?
with that tribe sincc thaftimc.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. But this claim grow®
out, in part, of treaties made in 1795.
Mr. EDWARDS. I took the earliest time that
a treaty was made with the Indians, so as to cover
all claims, though there is evidence which shows*-
that in 1819 over.ything had been settled with the
Indians, and no claim goes back of that time; and
I might have said that the claim does not com-
mence until sometime subsequent to that.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not doubt that the
committee have done their duty; but I am as sat-
isfied they are mistaken as i can possibly be; be-
cause I know that no claims have been more
urgently pressed than these Indian claims by
traders and agents. Whence comes this reso-
lution ?
Mr. ALDRICH. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky inquires who suggested this matter. I beg
leave to inform him it is part and parcel of a bill
which came here from the other end of the Cap-
itol.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, That does not change
the matter at all. It is not true that we are in-
debted one hundred and sixty-odd thousand dol*?
lars for unclaimed means and money due that
tribe; you may be certain of that; much less has
it been due for forty years, and upon such an ac-
count as this without any other verification. Mo-
rality, if not economy, would forbid our paying
this money upon such vouchers. It is pressed by
the ingenuity of persons who are the agents and
attorneys of the Indians—persons who have found
out that there was some deficiency in the voucher,
some deficiency upon therccoid ot our settlements
with the tribe, and upon that they have predicated
this claim.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
The question was taken upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Edwards; and it was notagrced to.
Mr. WATTS. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of hue seven hundred
and fourteen, page 30:
Indian service in New Mexico:
For thepeneialand incidental expense* of the Indian ser-
vice in New Mexico, prc-ents of goods, agricultural imple-
ments, and oilK'i useful ai Holes, and to asM-t them in locat-
ing in pomnnent abode*, and mi-lain- themselves by pur-
suits ot civilized liuMo be expended under the direction of
tilt; Secretary of the Interior, .^50.000.
This appropriation has been accidentally omitted
from the'biil. i find that it is estimated for by
the Indian department, and if there is any objec-
tion to the amendment I would hke to hear itnow,
so that I can have an opportunity to explain.
Mr. MAYNAUD. There isan objection, which
the gentleman can explain.
Mr. WATTS. I am sorry that it should be
necessary before this enlightened and intelligent
House to have io urge upon u the necessity of
inserting into this appropriation bill an amend-
ment for the Territory of New Mexico, when
every other Territory within the wido domain of
the country, from one-extremity to the other, has
