1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
at Largo, vol. 10. p. 1093.) the committee recommend that
said emu be reapp'-opriated and paid in accordance with the
provision-* ot said fifth article, which provides that said In-
dians shall receive the same for said years 1654 arid lc55,
and no longei **
Mr. SHANKS. I also ask that the correspond-
ence with the lnteiior Department be read?
The Clerk read, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
December 23,1863.
Sir: On the 15th Instant the House ot Representatives
adopted a resolution in the following woids :
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior inform the
House whether the permanent annuity lor the years 1854
and 1855, payable to the Miami tribe ot Indian? in accord-
ance with the fifth article of the treaty with said tribe, made
4nnc 5, 1854, has been paid to said tribe."
In answer to said resolution, [ now have the honor to
transmit a report from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
of the 19th instant, and accompanying paper,Irom which
it appears that $36,100 20 of the annuity ot the Miami In-
dians, due in 1854 and 1855, was carried to the surplus fund ;
that the amount has not been reappropuated, and conse-
quently it has never been paid to the Miami Indians.
Very respectlullv, your obedient servant,
CALEB B. SMITH, Secietary.
Hon. Galusua A. Grow,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Departmfnt of the Interior,
Office Indian Affairs, December 19, 1852.
Sir: I have tiie honor to acknowledge the receipt, by ref-
erence from you,ot tiie resolution of the House of Represent-
atives of the 15th instant, calling lor information u whether
the permanent annuity tor the years 1854 and 1855, payable
to the Miami tribe of Indians in accordance with the fifth
article of tiie treaty with tiie said tribe, made June 5, 1854,
has been paid to said tribe," ami to transmit herewith an
extract from the report ol Hits office to the Secretaiy of the
Interior, made on the 7th ol July, 1855, from which it will
be seen that the sum of §33,100 20 ot Miami annuity for
these years was reported a3 available for the surplus lund,
and was returned to the Treasury of the United States by
surplus warrant No 09, (less twenty dollars, error in addi-
tion.) and that the said sum lias never been reappropriated,
and, of course, has not been paid to the Miamies.
Vsty respectfully, your obedient servant,
WM. P. DOLE, Commissioner.
Hon. Caleb B. Smith, Secretary of the Interior.
Extract of a letter from the Cotnmissioner of Indian JSifairs
to the honoruble the Secretary of the Interior, dated July
7,1855. ( Recorded Book No. 8, pages 515 and 516.)
The treaty of June 5,1854, with the Miami Indians made
full provision fot adjusting nil financial matters with them,
and thereby new payment-* were substituted for some ol the
annuities pieviousiy existing, while others weie continued
and continued.
The Indian-* thereby released the United States from all
payments and claims that are not expressly provided tor in
that ueaty. (See articles 4, 5, and 6 ol the ticaty.)
On examination I find the following amounts standing
now to the credit of and making part of the head of account
u mr fulfilling tieaties with the Mutinies/1 which, accoid-
ing to the vicwa ot the Coinmi-fsioner of Indian Affair?-, will
not he needed tor payment, having &o been relinquished by
the Indians:
Fulfilling treaties with the Miamies, $44,638 16, m items
as follow*.:
Miscellaneous  $3,654 07
Removal, &c., eighth auicle treaty 1640, appro-
piiatcri by act July 17, 184:2.,      70 00
Agricultuial assistance, filth article treaty 1818, 200 00
Annuities. This amount due the United States,
being hrst, second, and third of eight m-tall-
meuts. to reimburse the United States, Stc , as
per act of August 3D, 1852, and sixth article of
the treaty ot June 5, 1854   4.663 80
Remainder of the balance in the Treasury on June
30.1855, tor ^annUitY'* aftci deducting certain
suius necessaty to be letamed  35,100 20
$44,668 16
Note I. The balance of "annuity" on the books June 30,
1855, is $58,394 38, out ot which it is neeessan ,after the
reduction ol 80, as par la^t item ahove, to retain
fourteenth of twenty installments of $12,500, pei second
article treaty 1840, alter deducting the third of eight to
reimburse the United States as above  §10,945 37
Part of §31.739 11, per tieaty 1854, (see act Au-
gust 5, 1854.) pavable to Miamies west, being
so much retained September, 1854. (see article
13 of the treaty) 1  6,500 00
One individual share due Miami Indian^ of In-
Uiatm, accoulmg to Mr. Beard's pay-roll of
1854, which was not paid, the ♦•urolfeil indi-
vidual being dead   154 92
Amount set apart by Indian? lor '• nulls,'" lately
refunded by A.Cummmg  30 00
$17,030 29
Recapitulation •—$56,394 38 less $22,294 181s §35,100 20.
Mr. PORTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. Mr. Chair-
man, the amount specified m tins amendment was,
four or five years ago, appropriated by Congress
foi the payment of the annuities* to these Indians
for the years 1854 and 1855. The Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, Mr. Manypenny, refused, how-
ever, to pay these Indians the amount thus appro-
priated by Congress, and it consequently passed
to what is called the surplus fund. This amend-
ment of my colleague's is for the rcappropriation
of that amount.
The whole question arises on the interpretation
of the treaty of .Tunc 5, 1854, by which it is pro-
vided that " the said Miami Indians hereby relin-
quish, and forever absolve the United States from
payment of the permanent annuity of $25,000 stipu-
lated in the fourth article of the treaty of October
23,1826." If that provision remained there alone,
this annuity would undoubtedly have to be treated
as released for all time. But the fifth article of
the treaty provides as follows:
u It is hereby understood and agreed, respecting the per-
manent annuity of $25,000, that the Ktid Indians shall re-
ceive same for the yeais 1854 and 1855, but no longer.'7
The obvious meaning of the treaty is this.
These Indians released the permanent annuity
of £25,000, except for the years 1854 and 1855.
This House so interpreted the treaty when it
made the first appropriation, and the Judiciary
Committee has reported unanimously that that
is the proper interpretation. Therefore my col-
league's amendment ought to be adopted. 1 re-
gret, Mr. Chairman, that some amendments which
the committee has deemed of questionable pro-
priety should have been offered this morning in
advance of thisone. Thisamountisundoubtedly
due to these Indians. The provisions of the treaty
are perfectly simple and plain; and the report of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs shows that
he refused to pay them, simply on account of the
interpretation which he gave to the treaty. 1 now
withdraw my amendment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 hope, Mr.
Chairman, that the committee will keep this ap-
propriation bill tolerably clean. 1 have no dispo-
sition to question the propriety of the conclusion
at which the Judiciary Committee has arrived, but
I do think it a pernicious system of legislation
to have cluims of a public and private character
brought here and huddled into an appropriation
bill. This is no time for the investigation of such
claims. We have already passed one item of
$50,000, although a like sum had been left at the
discretion of the Secretary of the Interior for the
same purpose, and now we have appropriated
$50,000 more, specially for JNcw Mexico. I hope
tins amendment will not be adopted. There is no
end to the claims that may be fastened on this bill
unless we make a point somewhere and refuse to
vote them.
Mr. PORTER. I withdraw the amendment
which I offered, and now move to strike out the
last two words of the amendment pending. I can
see no more appropriate time at which this appro-
priation could have been offered than the present.
This is the regular Indian appropriation bill,and
the proposition before us is to appropriate to these
Indians, through the amendments offered to this
bill, a particular amount, which the gentleman
from Veimont agrees is due under the treaty,
"Why, then, should a special bill be introduced'1
Congress has already once appropriated this !
money; but that appropriation has lapsed by the
refusal of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to
pay it. This is, therefore, merely a ^appropri-
ation of the money which has heretofore been
decided by the proper authorities to be due these
Indians. It will be seen now that that decision
has been reaffirmed by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary of this House at the prcsentscssion. That
deci.ston is undoubtedly correct. This amount i.s
undoubtedly due these Indians. Why, then,
should we bo compelled to resort to the slow,
baulking process of a separate bill, instead of the
amount being incorporated into this bill, where
it legitimately belongs? I withdraw my amend-
!j ment to the amendment.
I; Mr. DUNIN called for tellers on the amendment
!■ submitted by Mr. Shanks.
It Tellers wen1 ordered; and Messrs. Dawes and
Crisfield were appointed.
It The committee divided; and the tellers reported
j! —ayes 56, noes 40.
|| So the amendment was adopted. $
;j Mr. MAVNARDv i move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House. i
H Mr. ALLHMCII. Before that question is put
I propose to submit other amendments. 1 am in-
structed by the Committee on Military Affairs to
offer the following amendments:
Insert at the end ot lm«  seven hundred and sixtj-slx, page
32 ot the bill, as follows : j
And the President is hereby authorized to use ,$100,000, j
or so much thereof as maybe necessary, of the amount hero- •
tofore appropriated and standing to the crcdit of said Indians
on the books of the Treasury of the United States for their
removal and subsistence fur one year, nt a now location
outside the limits of the State of Minnesota*
Mr. MAYNARD. I must raise a question of
oider upon the admission of that amendment. It
proposes now legislation.
Mr. ALDRICH. l am surprised that a question
of order should be raised upon this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The Chair sustains the question of order, and de-
cides that the amendment is out of order.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, moved to amend,
in line eleven hundred and thirty-eight, under the
head of" Indian scrvicc in California," by insert-
ing after the word " the" the words " removal of
Indians, transportation of goods;" so as to mako
the paragraph read:
For the removal of Indians, transportation of goods, pur-
chase of cattle for beef and milk, together with clothingand
food, teams and farfoing tools for Indians for the northern
district of California, $25,000.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I desire to inquire of
some member of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether this item has been before that
committee, and has been passed upon by that
committee?
Mr. PHELPS, of California. Let me say to
t(u> gentleman'that the amendment simply enlarges
the number of articles for which the appropriation
is to be expended. It does not increase the appro-
priation.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. If itdoes not increase
the amount I will not make any question about it.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. It does not in-
crease the amount.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, moved to amend
the same paragraph, in line eleven hundred and
forty, by increasing the appropriation from $25,000
to $35,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. That amend-
ment increases the appropriation; but in support
of it I ask that the following letters may be read.
The Clerk read the letters, as follows:
Department or the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs. January 27,1863.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a
letter, of the 27th instant, from Geo. M. llaiiMm, superin-
tending agent, submitting estimate of additional appro-
priation necessary to be made for the Indian service in the
noithem district of California, (or the fiscal year ending
June 30, lb64.
In submitting the regular annual estimate for that year I
was governed by the appropriation made by Congress lor
that scivice for the current year, which had been largely
reduced from the estimate, but which the late Secretary of
the interior declined to increase, preferring to leave to the
agents the dejnonstiation of the actual necessity for what-
ever increase of service they should rcquue.
I fully indorse the estimate ol Agent Hanson for an addi-
tional appropriation of §23,050, and should you concur
therein, I icspeetfully recommend its transmission to the
PieMdcnt of the Senate ami the Speaker ot the House of
Representatives, with a view to such action thereupon aa
Congi ess may deem expedient.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WM. P. DOLE, Commissioner.
Hon. J. i\ Usher, Secretary of the Interior.
Washington, January 27,1863.
Sir : 1 have carefully noted your estimates lor the Indian
service in the northern district of California for the fiscal
year ending June 3i), 1864, and knowing, as 1 do, that the
service will sutler irreparable lo*s except the amount be
somewhat increased, and also an additional amount allowed
for necessary employes on the seveial iescrvation>, which
has been entirely omitted for the la^t two year«, I beg leave
to submit to your consideration the lollowmg several es-
timates in addition to those you have already made, which,
I think, you will at onee *-ee is indispensable to the service,
even in view of the " strictest economy," which you very
propeily enjoin, namely:
For the removal of Indians, transportation of goods, pui-
Uiase of clothing and blankets, farming tools, teams,
hocjs. milk and beef cattle §10,000
One additional supervisor  1,500
Three head farmers, §750 each.   2,250
One additional laboier ,.... 600
Six female teachers, $200 each.      1,200
Three blacksmiths, §75u each   2,'-250
Three carpenters, $750 cach  2 050
Three phjsicians,$1,000 each..  3,000
In addition to your estimates $23,050
Should the reservations, a<* I have, recommended, be re-
duced to two, namely: Uound valley and Smith River valley
lor the northern dtstuct, arid Mendocmaand Nome Lacker
sold, the services of at least one third of the employes car.
be dispelled with, but until that is done they are all, as at
present, neceh&ary to the service.
I have the honor t<> be your obedient servant,
GEO. M. HANSON,
Superintending Jigent of Indian JljfaiT39
No) them District of California.
Ho«. Wif. 5*. Dolf, f?< mm£ssto er of Indian J2]fair&.
