70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
enough to satisfy the mind of any reasonable man
who knew anything about it. There was evidence
enough to satisfy the President upon the subject.
He believed that was their intention, and believ-
ing as he did, 1 ask the honorable Senator whether
it was not his duty to prevent it, by incarcerating
the members and preventing their meeting at all?
Mr. KENN EDY. I will state that if the Presi-
dent had indubitable evidence of that sort, it was
certainly his duty to do so ; but up to this time
that charge has never yet been made. These men
have been discharged without a charge having
been made against them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly,because the
time has gone by. That is precisely what I am
saying. The President, we suppose, had the evi-
dence. Do you doubt it—that is to say, do you
doubt that he was satisfied in his own mind that
the fact was so ? Does any man doubt it? I be-
lieve to this day that the fact was so. 1 believe
there is very little doubt in the public mind on the
subject. There certainly was none in his. No
man here intimates, and no man anywhere inti-
mates, that he did not entertain that opinion. If
he had not entertained it, there was no earthly
motive for him to do what he did. If he did en-
tertain it, and he believed that great crime was
contemplated, which, if it had been carried into
effect, would have been fraught with consequences
so disastrous that the human mind shrinks from
the contemplation of them, can it be doubted that
he did what he ought to have done, and that he
was perfectly justifiable? Would the honora-
ble Senator fiom Delaware tell me that the Pres-
ident was not justified under the oath which he
had taken to protect, preserve, and defend the
Constitution of the United States?
Mr. BAYAItD. That would depend on the
grounds of his belief. It is not necessary to im-
pute to the President error of intention; because
you might believe him perfectly honest in inten-
tion, and yet commit gross errors of judgment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is coming
precisely to my point. Senators admit that if the
President honestly believed these things he was
pei fectly justifiable in taking the course he did, in
violation of law and of the Constitution.
Mr. POSTER. Only a question as to the in-
tention.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely; and thatis the
only question at issue, by the confession of Sen-
ators. There is the point at which I have been
laboring. If the President believes that these men
are about to commit offenses which are dangerous
to the body-politic in this tune of trouble, is he
justifiable in arresting (heir persons and confining
them ? Senators say, yes; but they want to know
the gtounds. Well, sir, that is a pardonable cu-
riosity: but suppose the President does not choose
to tell you the grounds: lie is responsible to the
American people. I supposed theie would be 110
lesisting (his view of the case. It is too palpable in
a timi-of rebellion like this; it is too palpable when
the wry life of the Republic is at stake. No man
can question not only what the rightof the Chief
Magistrate of the nation is, but what is hisbounden
duty under such circumstances. Why, sir, I should
despise myself if, placed in such a situation, I could
hesitate to lay my hand upon any citizen in viola-
tion even of what are private rights secured by the
Constitution, if I thought it necessary to do so 111
order to protect the Republic from destruction. No
man would be fit for that great place who could
have one single instant's hesitation upon such a
point as that. Senators on the other side agree
with me. I am happy that they come to that con-
clusion.
Then the question is a very simple one: can we
trust the President of tile United States? Has
(here Ixon any abuse of power? Has there been
any evidence, in any quarter, that on any occa-
sion, 111 any single instance, men have been incar-
cerated simply for the purpose of personal oppres-
sion ? Can gentlemen point me to the instance
where the President of the United States, by any
one of his Secretaries, has used this power in or-
der to wreak private malice upon any individual;
whoie they have ever, in anyone ease, laid their
hands upon a man when they did not believe it to
be necessary in order to the protection of the Re-
public ? I have heard no complaint of that kind.
Then, sir, the question addresses itself to this
side of tiie House, have we confidence in the good
intentions of the President of the United States ?
Do we believe that he has abused the power in-
trusted to his hands, for bad purposes? Do we be-
lieve that he has willfully, unnecessarily violated
the rights of any single individual in the prosecu-
tion of the great work that he had in hand, to pro-
tect and preserve the country? If we do not, then
let us go a little further and ask ourselves, do the
people believe it? I undertake to say that the peo-
ple believe 110 such thing, and they have rendered
no such verdict. I have no doubt there is a cer-
tain portion ofthe population of the United States,
worked upon by bad newspapers and wicked
nien—men who sympathize vastly more with our
enemies than with the great cause ofthe count] y—
who think, because they do notunderstaud the cir-
cumstances, that the President is going too far in
violating private rights; but, sir, the mind of the
country is an informed, educated mind, as a gen-
eral rule. It looks at the motives of all these de-
nunciations; it looks not only at the acts of the
President, but upon the necessity which brings
about those acts; and thus looking upon them, it
can pass an enlightened judgment upon what he
does.
Sir, I hold—and I may be accused perhaps of
not exactly understanding quite so much about
private rights as my honorable friends on the other
side of the Chamber—I hold that the safety of the
Republic is the supreme law. It is an old maxim
which nobody learned earlier and understands
better than the honorable Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard.] He is not only a scholar but a
lawyer; and the learned disquisition which he has
given us more than once upon private rights and
the nature of government shows that there is no
particular part of it with which he is not familiar.
Now, sir, allow me to say, most respectfully, it
is useless in this day to attempt to apply rules to
the conduct of the Government that you would
apply in time of peace. The Senator's argument
would be a very able one if it was fitted to the
times; but the people of the country cannot fail
to see that what may be necessary at one time is
not at another, and what is an excuse at one pe-
riod is no excuse under other circumstances. Be-
cause the President in this time of war, in this
time of rebellion, in this time of danger, has seen
fit to lay his hand upon men " without due pro-
cess of law," in the language of the Constitution,
they will not judge that, therefoie, he has forgot-
ten what is due to every citizen of the country,
but will believe that what he may have done 111
reference to matters like these has been done hon-
estly in thb endeavor to discharge his great duty
to protect, preserve, and defend the Constitution
of the United States. That is all they desire to
know, and all that the people will desire to know
so long as the rebellion continues. When the time
comes, if it ever does arrive, that, 111 my jjdg-
ment, the President, either by himself or those
who are his seivants in the eye of the law, is ex-
ercising his power maliciously, even carelessly,
with reference to men, I am willing to call him to
account; but until that time comes I am willing to
leave, it to them, and I will not compel them to give
reasons for their action which they may think
will place the country 111 a worse attitude than it
is at present.
Mr. President, it by no means follows that, be-
cause a man is arrested, lie therefore has com-
mitted a crime. In times like these a man may
be arrested when he has not committed a crime;
and as my honoiable fiiend from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] has suggested to me—and to him I
am indebted for a great many most valuable sug-
gestions-—it does not follow,ifhe has committed
a crime, that it is wise to tell what that crime is,
rreven to try him in a time like this. There may
be reasons of State which we do not know, and
which, perhaps, we ought not to know, to induce
the continuance of the incarceration of an individ-
ual without explaining the reasons why he was
arrested,and without trying him. As 1 said be-
fore, when the time comes that I think, from the
conduct ofthe Executive, it is necessai y that the
reasons for these arrests should be made known, I
shall be perfectly willing to make an imperative
call for them. Until then, we must bear as we
best may.
_ Let me say to my honorable friends on this |
side of the Chamber in regard to these denuncia- '
tions from semi-rebellious, disloyal presses, and
from men of the same character with the papers !
they are so fond of leading, whether found inoiie !
place or another, it is the fate of a Government;
it is the fate of a political party, if I may be per-
mitted to allude to what other gentlemen talk so
much about; it is the fate of those in power. The
object is to pull us down, to pull down the Ad-
ministration. Any one can see that. Of course,
it must do many things which afford a very ex-
cellent opportunity for effecting that object. What
of it? After all, the great question behind the
whole is, was it public duty ? We stand here for
a purpose, to aid the President in protecting, pre-
serving, and defending the Constitution of the
United States. What difference does it make to
us what obloquy is heaped upon us either collect-
ively or individually ? We pass from this stage
before many days, and we cease to be of any con-
sequence. It is vastly more important that we
should take the responsibility that belongs to us
while we are here. Thesimple question is whether
we ought to know it or whether we ought to drag
it out by force for the mere purpose of silencing
a clamor which may be raised, and a slander so bit-
ter that it " out-venoms all the worms of Nile."
My friend from Vermont suggests to me to say,
before I sit down, and I will say it now, that it
may not be, perhaps, very illiberal to suppose
that Senators have more anxiety to call public at-
tention to this thing than they have to relieve ihe
individuals. Have they ever requested the Pres-
ident privately to give them the information?
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator will allow
me a moment; I do not wish to obtrude upon the
Senate of the United States any conversation that
may have occurred between the President of the
United States and myself, but I will say to the
Senator, without stating what that conversation
was, for I would not presume to state it with-
out the permission of the President of the United
States, that I have very recently made inquiiy 111
reference to the causes why the State of Delaware
has been treated as she has been. I will ask the
Senator from Maine, and I appeal to his candor
as a leading Senator on the Republican side of this
Chamber, what would be the use of a Senator
from Delaware, or any Senator that was not a
supporter of the political views of this Adminis-
tration—I do not mean on the question of union
or disunion, but the political party views of the
Administration—calling for information upon any
subject? I appeal to the candor of the honorable
Senator—would they not be met with suspicion,
being opposed to the Administration, that they
were not exactly orthodox in faith upon the ques-
tion of union or disunion? I hope the Senator
will allow me to make one further remark, and it
is this: in my State, he who votes the Democratic
ticket is pronounced a disunionist and a seces-
sionist; he who votes the Republican ticket may
do as the New York Tribune has done, and may
do what leading Republican presses of the coun-
try have done—may assail the Administration and
be perfectly loyal, provided they vote the Repub-
lican ticket straight.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I do not
think it worth while for me to follow the Senator
in all his complaints; but with reference to his
particular question—whether 1 think it would be
of any use for a Senator, not a supporter of the
present Administration, to apply for information
to them, I answer in all candor, that so far as my
observation goes, the Senators on the other side
ofthe Chamber have been quite as great favorites
with the present Administration as ihose on this,
and I do not know but more so. I have seen no
instances myself in which a distinction has been
made against gentlemen occupying the position
which that Senator does; and I will say that I
consider the present Chief Magistrate of the Uni-
ted States so very liberal, so very generous, so
very magnanimous a man, that in endeavoring
to keep perfectly straight between those of differ-
ent political parties in this country, he sometimes
leans very much backward. [Laughter.] 1 im-
pute it to the very best of feeling, of course.
I have no doubt the Senator would get the in-
formation, if it were proper to communicate it to
him. If he has not applied for it, I might be jus-
tified in inferring that he comes here, not for'the
purpose of relieving his friends, but for the pur-
pose of attacking the Administration, as my hon-
orable colleague says. If he has applied for it,
and the President saw fit, for good reasons, or for
certain reasons satisfactory to himself, not to give
it, I think it is very improper in him to bring this
