1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16.
Mi*. PHELPS, of California. I desire only to
say a word farther in support of this appropria-
tion. It is estimated that there arein the northern
district of California some twenty thousand Indi-
ans, a large portion of whom are on reservations;
and the committee will see at once that, with the
increase which is proposed, the appropriation is
still a very small one for the care of that number
of Indians. We believe it to be a matter of abso-
lute economy to make it.
As to the different items, the superintendent is
of the opinion, after full consultation with the del-
egation from that State, that he can get along with
this amount, with two other amendments which I
shall, at the proper time, propose. I hope the
committee will aaoptrthese amendments.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I submit the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of line
eleven hundred and forty-one: •'
For two blacksmiths for the noi them district of Califor-
nia, $1,500.
For two physicians for the northern district of Califor-
nia, $9,000.
Mr. Chairman, the delegation in this House
from California, aftet consultation with the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, have thought these
items, in addition to the one already adopted,
were absolutely necessary for the northern dis-
trict of that State, and they are all we shall ask
for that district.
Mr. SARGENT. I concur entirely in the pro-
priety of the amendment which has been offered
by my colleague,and I lise merely for the purpose
of saying that an amendment has been offered m
the absence of the delegation from our State, and
adopted by this committee, in relation to a reser-
vation in California, making an appiopriation of
$60,000 for its_ purchase, which we deem to bo
wholly unnecessary. I was out of the Hall at
the moment procuring some information in rela-
tion to this very matter. I give noticethatatthe
proper time, when the bill shall be reported to the
House, I shall ask for a separate vote upon that
amendment, and hope it will be rejected, for it is
one which 1 deem to be entirely unnecessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of California. I have but one
other amendment to offer, and that is to strike out,
in line eleven hundred and forty-four, the word
" fifteen," and insert instead thereof the words
" twenty-five." The clause of the bill will then
read:
For the pnreha^c of cattle foi beefand milk, together with
clothing and food, teams, ami farming tools tor Indians tor
the southern district of California, ;$•&>,000.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment it will be seen
increases the appropriation for the southern dis-
trict of Califoi ma to the extent of $10,000. In this
increase, I may &ay also, the Commissioner of In-
dian Affaua concurs with the delegation from Cai-.
iforniain believing to bo strictly a matter of econ-
omy. There are now a large number of Indians in
this district on ienervations between Owens river
and the eastern slope of the Siena Nevada mount-
ains, at a point at which it is somewhat expens-
ive to feed and sustain them. In the immediate
vicinity of these Indians large mining operations
are being carried on. They are now quiet, and
with proper cute and attention will continue so-, but
we shall have an Indian war upon us unless they
are taken care of, and we beheve it is eh caper for us
to make this appropriation to feed and take care
of these Indians than it is to take the chances of
a war with them. The number of Indians upon
reservations in that district of California is not
less than from seven to eight thousand, and every
gentleman will concur with me that to maintain
such a body of 1 ndians the appropriation which is
jiow proposed is a very small one.
Mr. MA YNARD. How much do theso amend-
ments mcrta.se the appropriations for the Indian
service in California ?
Mr. PHELPS, of California. They increase
the appropriation in the aggresate <93,500,
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to say that the
remedy for the evils with these Indian tribes which
we have labored under is the Fienchman's remedy
—la monnaie ! la monnaie ! toujours la monnaie !
It is money ! money ! always money. I will ask
that a portion of the document which I hold in
mv hand shall be read by the Clerk, and 1 ask
that the House in connection with it fdiail say
whether it is possible that the evilsi under which
we labor can be remedied by the application of
money, and whether, on the contrary, it will not
prove an aggravation of them.
The Clerk read, as follows :
"in the month of Octobcr last I apprehended three kid-
nappets about fourteen miles fiom the city of Ma^yville,
who had nine Indian children, from three to ten years of
a e, which they had taken from Eel liver, in Humboldt
county. One of the ihiee was discharged on a wut of
habeas corpus, upon the testimony of the other two, who
stated that(hc> was not interested in the matter of taking
'the children.' After hi.sdischargeth^fwomade an effort
to get clear by introducing the third one as a witness, who
testified tiiat Mtwa* an act of charity on the pait of the
two to hunt up the childicn and then piovide homes for
them, because their paients bad been killed and the chil-
dren would have perished with hunger.' My counsel
inquired 4 how he knew their parents had been killed.'
c Because,' paid he, ' I killed some of them myself.> Suf-
fice it to say J found good homes for the children, who are
now doing well, and their kidnappeis each were placed
under $500 bonds to appear and answer.
"The fact is, kidnapping Indians ha* become quite a
business of profit, and, 1 have no doubt, N :it the foundation
of the so-called '■ Indian wars.' To counteract tins unholy
traffic m human blood and souls 1 have appointed a num-
ber of hpeci.xl agent*, in the countiy through which the kid-
nappers pavs when earning the Indians to market in the
settlements, with instructions to wateh for them ; and thua
I think that a temporary check has been put to their com-
metce."
Mr. MAYNARD. I was forcibly struck with
the remarks which fell from the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] in reference to what
all of us who live in the western country know
has been the history of the Indian tribes—that
they have been surrounded by a setof cormorants,
agents, traders, white, "men, who have fastened
themselves on them, ready to commit all sorts of
outrages, as in the case referred to by the agent
in California, of kidnapping women and children
and selling them into slavery. Indians have been
killed in order to getat theirchildren. They have
acknowledged no remedy m the Government but
to give them money, more money, and still more
money. If we recur to that class of appropria-
tions for information, it would seem that we have
no other panacea for these evils. Instead of a
little more money we could have a little more jus-
tice and a little less money; if we would surround
these Indians by the protection of the laws •
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TIIOMArf, of Massachusetts. 1 think that
we should have again read that portion of the pa-
per which ahowa tiiat some person was discharged
on habeas corpus.
Objection was made.
Mi*. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to re-
duce the amount to one dollar.
Mr. Chairman, I do not know but that it ts
entirely useless to undertake to prevent further
additions to this bill. I am not aware that this
amendment proposed by the gentleman fiom Cal-
ifoi uiu is recommended by any Department of the
Government, it has not been estimated for; it has
not been investigated; but it comes here naked,
on his own motion. I do not propose to argue it.
I am satisfied that if the amendment proposed to
appropriate millions of dollars he could carry it
in this committee. 1 only propose, that as he has
succeeded in three or four of his amendments, he
will consent to abandon this one.
Mr. P! U£LPS,ofCahforma. 1 will makeabrief
statement in ansvwi to what has been said by the
gentleman from Tennessee,[Mr. Maynaud.] This
appropriation is lecommendcd by tin-Committee
on Indian Affair^. It is not recommended by the
Depattment of the Interior, for it has not been
submitted to that Department. Now,.so far from
the delegation from California recommendingap-
propriations which they do not deem necessary,
they concurred in asking the House to strikeout
an appropriation of GO,000, which it has adopted
in our absence. We do not believe that it is ne-
ces.Nuty, and foi that reason piopose to strike it
from this hill. The House i«j exceedingly liberal,
on its own motion to adopt what is necessary for
California, but unwilling to allow the delegation
to hav > any knowledge which it does not itself
possess in Relation to the Indian service in that
State.
Th" gentleman from Tennessee has referred to
cases of kidnapping of Indian children. Now,
sir, the kidnapping of children, which has been
spoken of, did nor occur m this district, but in
another district, presided over by another Indian
ag<"nt. Tins is the southern district, embracing
a teriitorv more than twice r-s large as the State
of New York, having roving hands of Indians,
with which we have no treaty stipulations, com-
pelling us to pay large sums of money—Indi-
ans over whom it is necessary to exercise con-
trol. We believe, and submit it to the judgment
of the House, that this appropriation of $25,000,
for the care of Indians scattered over such an ex-
tent of territory, is a small sum of money. Wo
believe it is better to pay this sum for the care and
support of these Indians than to pay §200,000 or
$300,000 for their extermination. They arc being
exterminated by the process of nature fast enough.
We believe when the House is willing to strike out
appropriations which the delegation from Califor-
nia deemed to be unnecessary, they will at least-
insert those which they deem proper and just. It
is because we did not deem the appropriation of
$60,000 necessary that we have asked that itshould
be stricken out of the bill. We ask this increased
appropriation of $20,000 as an exchange, and I
hope that it will not be refused.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Phelps, of California,
was then disagreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. Under the statement made
by two members from theState of California pub-
licly in the House to-day, and which in substance
is the same as that which has been made to
me privately, I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to be allowed to withdraw my amendment,
which was adopted, appropriating $00,000 to the
State of California,
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. TODD. I move thefollowingamendment:
Aftei line twelve hundred and eighteen, page 50, insert:
Indian service m Dakota Territory :
Fot pajim-nt of the claim of the I'onca Indians for one
hundred and ten horses and mules stolen from them by the
Sioux Indians, as roeoimnendcd by the Secretary of the
Tieasury in ins estimate ior the year 18G3, $11,330.
Mr. MAYNARD, The Committee of Ways
and Means thought this was an item that had bet-
ter be directed to lie over. It is true that it is in
the estimates. It is true that we are there referred
to the accompanying paper fouiteen. But there
is no accompanying paper fourteen. We do not
know the facts, and we are not prepared to rec-
ommend to the House the adoption of this appro-
priation. On consultation with the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, I understood him to concur with
us that it may be passed over for further inform-
ation and more mature consideration.
Mr. TODD. Tim amount has been estimated
for for years. These horses were stolen from the
Poncas* by the Sioux tiibe of Indians. By the
treaty of Laramie, of 1861, it was stipulated that
for any depiedations committed upon each other,
they should not seek redress themselves, but
should appeal to the Government of the United
States for redress. These Poncas live upon a
small reservation, and ore surrounded on all sides
by these Sioux Indians. The fact that these
horses and mules were stolen, and that the Poncas
are entitled to compensation, is beyond all ques-
tion. This appropriation is recommended by the
agent of the tribe and by the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs. They are grumbling about the
money not being paid to them. They say that the
Government has promised it to them, and they do
notundcrstand why it has been withheld. I think
they have very good reason to be dissatisfit d that
the Government has not kept its promise with
them. It is eminently proper and just that this
amendment should he passed, and 1 hope that it
will rcccivo the sanction of this House.
Mr. MAYNARD, 1 would incpure of the gen-
tleman from Dakota whether this sum has ever
before been estimated for?
Mr. TODD. It has been recommended by the
head of the proper Department.
Mr. MAYNARD. The estimates state thatit
has not been estimated for before, and there are
no papers accompanying the estimates, nor any
facts to show that this number of horses (one hun-
dred and ten) were taken,nor that they were worth
$<103 each. And, in fact, there is no evidence at
all. This is ix mere naked demand,
Mr. TODD. The agent of the tribe reported
the fact, and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
has recommended that an appropriation be made
to meet the case. The Secretary of the Treasury
has not estimated for it before the present year.
