THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PKOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, !*. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY IS, 1863.
Nkw Series.....No,- 64.-
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to amend the
amendment of the 'gentleman from Dakota by
striking out the last word. I do so tor the purpose
of asking the Delegate from Dakota whether there
is any precedent for such an appropriation of
money as this. If I understand him correctly,, a
treaty made by the Government with this and
other bands of savages, requires that they shall
submit their differences to the Government for
determination. 1 wish to inquire now whether
there is any stipulation in that treaty, or any pre-
cedent in the practice of the Government, which
requires the United States to make compensation
for alleged thefts which may be committed by one
tribe upon another ? So far as 1 am aware, there
is no such stipulation or precedent.
It has been very justly remarked by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] that this
proposition comes here supported by no evi-
dence whatever of its validity or of its correctness.
These horses are estimated to be worth $103 per
head. 1 take it for granted that they wore Indian
ponies worth from twenty to thirty dollars only.
I do not rise for the purpose of discussing the
merits of the proposition; but I do wish to ask
whether this is entirely a new proposition, an en-
tirely new practice which it is proposed to inau-
gurate in our dealings with these tribes?
Mr. TODD. In the intercourse act of 1834,
provision is made for paying claims such as that
to which the gentleman from New York objects.
Under the Laramie treaty which I mentioned a
moment ago, these Indians aie specially bound to
abstain from hostilities towards each other, and
the Government has guarantied their protection.
And under the treaty of ISoQ the same guarantee
is.made.
The Pone.a tribe of Indians is one of the annu-
ity tribes of the Government, while the Sioux,
which committed the depredations, are not annu-
ity Indians. They are a tribe holding treaties of
amity and friendship with the Government.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether the intercourse act was not this:
that when an Indian nation is depredated upon by
a neighboring Indian nation, it shall make out its
claim with the proper authentication and present
it to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,and that
the amount of damages should be reserved out of
any annuities payable to the wrong-doing tribe?
In other words, if there is this charge made for
wrongs done by the Sioux Indians, does not the
intercourse act require that the amount of damage
should be paidoutof the Sioux annuities,and not
out of the Treasury of the United States?
Mr. TODD. These Sioux Indians are not an-
nuity Indians, and therefore the damages could
not be paid out of any such fund. I would say to
the committee that 1 was within thirty miles of
the scene of these depredations at the time they
were committed. I have read the report of the
Indian agent, and have also had frequent inter-
views with the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
Upon the subject, and as the claim is manifestly
just, it strikes me that this provision should be
made for it by the Government.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAILY. I offer the following amend-
ment, in which no money is asked for:
Jirul be it further cnacied^ That all the unsold poition of
the " disputed paif'ot the half-breed Indian innervation,
)>ing between the Nemaha rivers m Nebraska Teuitoiy,
excluded from the t>aid reservation by the McCov line es-
tablished by the thmeemli -eetion of the net of Conc.e^*
of the 12th June. A. I). IKofc', entitled An net making ap-
propriations tor sundiv civil expenses ot tin; Government
tor the year ending the 30th ot June, 1850,*' bo, and the
same js heieby, made subject to preemption and entry un-
dei existing preemption and may be settled and en-
tered under the provisions ot the act of Congress approved
2l)th May, A. D. 1882, entitled " An act to si cure home-
steads to actual settler* on the public domain," the same
as other public lands may be settled and entered under ex-
isting laws.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
It is that this is independent legislation, and there-
fore not in order upon an appropriation bill.
Mr. DA ILY. I would like to make an explana-
tion before the point is decided.
64
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. DAILY. I ask unanimousconsentto make
a statement in reference to this matter.
Unanimous consent was granted.
Mr, DAILY. I would say that in this very bill
there is legislation in reference to these identical
lands. We propose to pay the Indians what has
been received into the Treasury for these lands;
and now, as most of these lands have been sold,
I ask that the remainder may be subject to pre-
emption and to the provisions of the homestead
law. 1 do not see that this is independent legis-
lation, because it is legislating about what is now
in the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of oj-der.
Mr. ALDRtCH moved to amend by inserting
at the end of line eight hundred and seven, page.
34, the following:
To enable the Pie^iden t to provide for and effect the peace-
ful and quiet tenmval of said last named Indians io some
suitabfe location outside the limits of the State of Minne-
sota, £50,000, oi so much thereof as may be necessary, is
hereby appiopiiated out of any money in the Trea>uiy not
otherwise appropuated, to be taken from, and charged to,
the aforesaid fund of $1,100,000 due them l'rom the United
States under the tieaty 1st November, 18J7.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must interpose a question
of order upon that amendment. It is, that it
proposes independent legislation, and legislation
which is not germane to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move to amend by insert-
ing at the end of line twelve hundred and twenty-
eight, page 51, the following:
For payment to William L. Chinch, or his attorney in
fact, the sum of $1,219 in full of all claims from said Chinch
for dpstiuctionot hi* propeiry by the Ink-pa-du-tah band of
Sioux Indiana, in the year 1&V7, ; t« i near Spiritlake : Pro-
vided* The Heeieiaryof the Jn/eiior shall fu*i cau c the
tine amount oi Mich los* oi piopeity to be investigated and
adjusted in a mannei sntiMaetoiy to him. and the amount
so ascertained shall be paid to the Claimant or his attorney
in tact in full satNiaeuon thereof.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is simply a private
claim, and I feel bound to except to this amend-
ment, also, as not belonging to an appropriation
bill.
Mr. ALDRICH. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his point of order for a moment. 1 de-
sire, by the consent of the H'>use, to read two or
three lines.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 will withdraw my point,
for the present, as 1 have been obliged to seem a
little ungracious to the gentleman from Minne-
sota, while not really so. Yet I must finally in-
terpose an objection.
Air. ALDlUOlI. I am much obliged to the
gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. My position has thrown
me into antagonism with the gentleman from Min-
nesota upon this bill.
Mr. ALDRICH. In the Indian appropriation
bill of the first session of the last Congress there
was an appropriation of some sixteen thousand
dollars made to pay for depredations which took
place at the place specified in the amendment. At
tiie second session of the last Congress another
like appropriation was made of some nine thou-
sand dollars in the annual Indian appropriation
bill. The money appropriated was all used up,
and this gentleman's claim was not paid. 1 know
of no good reason why it should not he paid un-
der the intercourse act which was in existence in
ail its parts at the time these depredations were
committed.
If the gentleman still insists on his objection,
I desire to read one or two clauses from the ori-
ginal bill. For instance:
For payment to Tali-sail, or White Cow, an Omaha chief,
for horses killed by white settlers, §630.
Is not that a private claim? And again:
Fin pa\ ment of admitted claim* of S, C. Webbci and J.
J. MilU'i loi laboi in election oi mill on the Omaha u-serva-
tion, §G3i$ 50.
Is not that a private ol.um?
Mr.MAYNARD. 1 could explain to the House
the reasons that operated on the Committee of
mirn
Waysand Means to introduce tho*setwdi,femsin£f>
the bii!, by referring to cortain documents upon'
which they were based. But thopoint oforddr
not apply to them, inasmuch as they are, a par|$f
the bill which was .referred by the House to tiie
Committee of the Whole on the statgof the TJnftnj.
It does not follow that because tire Committee of
Ways and Means, for reasons which 1 will ritft
take up the time of the Housy* to state, introduced
a few inconsiderable claims into the bill, tH'at,
therefore, all claims running back to 1857 rady be
tacked on to it, I now insist on the point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. ALDRICH. The committee will observe
that the money cannot be paid until the claim'aht
satisfies the Secretary of the Interior that his losses
amounted to this sum.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope this amendment will
not be allowed to pass. If wo introduce a class of
claims of this kind into the general Indian appro-
priation bill, which is intended simply to carry
out treaty stipulations, we never shall get through
the bill. It is a very dangerous precedent. We
are getting up a commission to settle all these mat-
ters,and I think we had better have a general rule,
and not bring them in in this way. I hope the
amendment will be voted down.
Mr. V. A. CONKLING. I make the point of
order that this is independent legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules,the
point of order.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. ALDRICH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer the following
amendment:
Add at the end of the bill th« following:
%/liul be it further enactcd, That the President of the Uni-
ted States be, and is hereby, authorized to appoint, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate or during there-
ec&s theieof, and until tin; end of its next session after such
appointment, an agent for the Ottawa?, Chippewas of Swan
Creek, and Black River and Christian Indians in the State
of Kansas, at a salary of $1,500 per annum, which sum is
hcieby appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropuated.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I make the point of order
that that amendment proposes independent legis-
lation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. ALDRICH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer the following as
an additional scction to the bill:
Jliul he it further enacted3 That the sum of $15,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, be, and the same-is here-
by, appiopuaied to enable the Piesident to negotiate treaties
with the Oiuleaud Yanetonnias band*of the"Sioux Indians
in the Teiritoiy ot Dakota, for their concentration remote
from the white settlements-and routes of emigrant travel.
I simply desire to state that this amendment is
recommended by the Secretary of the Interior and
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and is re-
garded as absolutely necessary in the present un-
settled state of the Indian tritjes in that region of
country.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must make the same point
of order on that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. BENNET. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line twelve hundred and
eighteen, on page 50:
Por the purchase and transportation ot provision? and pres-
ent-, and to ui'-et tiie expenses requisite to efieel a treaty
with the vni «>u> hand.-, ot the Ute tribe of Indians, and ex-
tinguish their m!e to the land-* in Cohiado Territory, who
shall be assembled for that purpose in the Park rt.ui Luis,
in saul Teirinay, ; }.>,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must make the point of
order on that amendment also.
Mr. BENNET. Let me make a few remarks
first.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will waive the point of
order for that purpose, as the gentleman does not
trouble us often.
Mr. BENNET. I want to say that it is highly
