THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
resolution into the Senate. It is an imputation
upon the Government which certainly we on this
side of the Chamber arc not disposed to give coun-
tenance to; and the Senator may take whichever
horn of the dilemma he likes best.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky has
talked a great deal about violations of the Consti-
tution. The Senator will allow me to say to him,
with all respect and in all kindness, that while I
make a very broad distinction between him and
his late associate colleague from the State of Ken-
tucky, he has not improved the speeches which
that Senator made on the same subject over and
over again. It is the same in substance, and, to
say the least, no better put. Why, sir, we had
it during all that session that the late Senator, now
a brigadier, I am told, in the confederate army,
was here. How did it affect the country, espe-
cially when he turned out as he did? Only with
an emotion of contempt; because the object was
perfectly palpable in his case. I should do vio-
lence to my own estimation of the Senator from
Kentucky, if I intimated for a moment that I
would put him in the same category, for I do not.
But, sir, we heard it before, and what was the
answer given? The President,it seems, violated
the Constitution in calling out troops in a recess
of Congress, in undertaking, subject unquestion-
ably to what Congress might do with regard to
approval, in a time of great public danger, when
time was pressing and of the utmost importance,
to strengthen every arm of the public service, tak-
ing it for granted that there was honesty and in-
tegrity and patriotism enough in Congress to sup-
port him in what he did, so far as the thing itself
was right. Did the country find any fault with
lum? Did not Congress approve it? la that time
of danger, in a recess of Congress, would the
Senator have the President of the United States
refuse to strengthen our naval arm because Con-
gress was not in session ? Sir, there are occasions
when the Chief Magistrate of the Republic, and
this day is showing it, must choose between pto-
tecting the Constitution and violating the Con-
stitution , of necessity. You may imagine many,
and we have one before us. What, then, must he
do ? Must he abandon the great palladium of our
liberties, as it has been called, for fear that he may
infringe upon the rights of somebody, or for fear
that he may be blamed for taking into his bunds
powers committed to Congress when Congiess is
in session ? No, sir ; no, sir. I honor the Pres-
ident for that act.
He has done certain other acts, the Senator
says. They have all been discussed before. The
same difficulty was before him: shall I allowthese
people in arms against the Government to over-
throw it, or shall I, in the exercise of the power
intrusted to me by the American people, and under
the oath that I have taken, take the lesponsibihty
in the face of the country, and trust to a generous,
confiding, and magnanimous people to say that I
did right in exercising that power? No one can
hesitate in deciding what was his plain duty, and
the same answer that I make with reference to
that matter applies to all the rest. The answer
has been made before. The bold note ofdefiance
to my colleague amounts to just this and no more.
The answer was made repeatedly at a former ses-
sion. I make it again now.
I do not say that the President has not, in some
cases, made mistakes. It is in human nature to
err. It could not be otherwise in a day of great
trial like this. Errors must be committed from
necessity. Men must go wrong m endeavoring
to go right. Itarises necessarily from the imper-
fection of men; but are we, therefore, to say that j
the President has willfully violated the Constitu- '
tion ? Are we to make the issue upon these things,
necessary in themselves in order to protect it, in-
stead of keeping the issue where it is, upon effect-
ing the great object which we have before us; and
that is, restoring the Government to its original
position ?
I would advise gentlemen to reflect upon this
view of the case. Let us hear something nmre
from them of denunciation of rebellion itself. Let
us hear them say one unkind word or one word
of reproval of the great head of the rebellion, and
those who are his principal associates. Why such
tenderness towards those men, not only in the Sun-
ate but out of it? Why do we hear nothing from
the whole class of gentlemen of whom I am speak-
ing but words of tenderness, if any, and sympa-
thy with their wrongs which have driven them
into this great crime, without any particular spe-
cification of what the wrongs are ? Why do we
find a class of men in the community who are eter-
nally thanking God that they have nothing to do
with this war; and although thpy blame the rebel-
lion, always put the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr, Sumner] into the same bag with
Jefferson Davis, and Massachusetts and South
Carolina in exactly the same collocation ? Sir, I
think it is not wise. I think it does not help our
cause. 1 think it benefits nobody*, It might as
well be deferred until after the rebellion is sup-
pressed; and then, perhaps, wc can attend to mat-
ters so small as these.
Sir, I do not stand here to quarrel with the Ad-
ministration which I helped to place in power; but
I feel compelled to admit that in some cases they
have gone further than I should. I cannot agree
with all their views of law. I do not believe in
theireonstruetions of the Constitution in all cases.
I think tin; Presidentin some cases may have gone
beyond his power; and not only beyond his power,
but beyond what was necessary for him to do.
Hut, sir, while I give him credit forgood intentions,
and believe that he has the single object in view
of protecting this great Republic from the dangers
by which it is atpresentsuriounded,Idonotstand
here to quarrel with little matters of detail, or even
great matters of detail. "When the tunc comes
that I am satisfied, or have reason to fear, that
the Administration, in the cxercisc of their power,
under the pica of necessity, are wantonly trilling
with the constitutional and legal rights of any cit-
izen, even the humblest m the community, 1 shall
he ready at that moment to denounce their act,
and to afford ail the redress which Congress can
afford; and I, as one member of Congress, shall
be willing to give it.
Sir, I am not for renouncing our powers. Wc
stand over the President in many particulars;
above htm, m my judgment, so far as his military
power is concerned. He holds it subject to Con-
gress, and to congressional rules and congres-
sional laws; but the time has not come yet when
Congress has seen fit to trammel him; and when
it does come, I dare say it will be quite ready to
exorcise its power. Let not gentlemen, then, as-
sume to themselves that they are the only lovers
of constitutional liberty; that they are the only
protectors of the lights of the citizen. Let them
show us a wanton, malignant cxercise of power,
and they will find that wc are quite as ready to
avenge it as they. Until then, 1 am not for em-
barrassing the Government by unnecessary or
impertinent inquiries.
Mr. BAYARD. I have but a very few remarks
to make in reply to the honorable Senator from
Maine, the great portion of whose speech I have
heard, i shall endeavor to got at the substance of
the difference of opinion between us.
The honorable Senator seems to labor under
what I consider this delusion—that supposing the
President to mean rightly, that his intention is
honest, therefore you are not to question Ins acts,
and not to oppose them, or not to redress the
wrong that he does. I hold that to be an exceed-
ingly erroneous and dangerous doctrine. The
President might be a timid man, and timidity al-
ways resorts to violence; but lus intention might
not be wrong. He may be a man who lacks judg-
ment; and his error of judgment might lead him
into improper measures. Are not those measures
to be. opposed, because you do not impugn the
motive of the man? Are you not to redress a
wrong when you are satisfied that a wrong has i
been committed, because you do not impugn the
motive of the man who has committed it? That
is one point on which I think the Senator's argu-
ment has led him into en or.
The honorable Senator appears to entertain the
id°a tluit because we arc at war, any spocits of j
violation of the Fodeial Constitution maybejusti- |
fied. I wdl not say that there are no cases in j
which individual acts,which are beyond the power j
of the individual as regaids the precise nets., may 1
be exmsed, not justified, by any emergency arts- i
mg m war, which would not exist m p^ace; I do \
not say that is not possible, but I say they are ■
exceedingly rare. When such an act is done you I
have a right, no matter what may be the motive
of the actor, be he President, or Srcieiary of War, ;
to ask for the grounds of his action, one! if he has '
entd in judgment, though his motive may have i
been good, why should not Congress redress the
wrong to the extent of their power ? ,
In this case we are asking for tbe causes fo,r
which these men were arrested. We kneyy the
fact that the Secretary of War in general orders,
under a proclamation of the President* has claimed
the right to arrest persons and dispense with a
judicial inquiry. There is no remedy,therefore,
there. We know the fact that these men were
arrested. Is it not turning this Government into
a mere dictatorship, if the Executive can arrest at
will in States where the laws are in full force and
where the courts are open? What necessity can
there be for such arrests there m order to carry
on the war? It is very easy for a gentleman to
say, as the honorable Senator docs,in these times
a great many things may be done that would not
be done in times of peace. Ay, but may every-
thing be doner Is the Constitution to be abro-
gated because you are at war? The doctrine is an
exceedingly dangerous one. Nations always lose
their liberties, when they dolose them, by drifting.
It docs not follow that the individuals who may
in the first instance be the actors in establishing
bad precedents mean wrong; but if the precedents
arc established, if thegreatgeneral principles that
guard the individual liberty of the citizen against
the aggressions of power are tramph d down, even
with a good motive, the time and the man will
come who will take advantage of the precedent
and usurp the power permanently and altogether.
That is the course by which ail despotisms suc-
ceed ultimately, and it always will be so. It was
the course of things that followed in England after
their revolution, until Cromwell finally dispersed
the Long I5arliamont with the sword. The man
had come to them then. He has not come with
us yet; but we may by precedent give rise to the
coming man wjien he does appear to us.
I therefore hold that the honorable Senator is
altogether wrong m his argument; that he carries
his doctrine of necessity arising out of war en-
tirely beyond what is consistent with the safety
ofthe Republic. Sir, when our fathers formed the
Constitution, they understood what they meant,
and they formed it for war as well as for pe "e.
They gave the right—the Piesident says to him;
I say to Congress—in case of domestic or foreign
war, to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus; but they did not give the right in peace or
war to punish citizens,and hold them m indefinite
confinement under the plea of State necessity. Wo
have had, as I told the Senate the other day, a
war before this; a war with a more powerful foe
than those to whom we are now opposed. In the
war of 1812, against Great Britain, we were en-
gaged with a far more potent Power than we art;
now with the confederate States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to ask him whether there is no dif-
ference between a foreign war and a civil war in
connection with all those questions?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir, there is a difference.
I admit that a civil war demoralizes a commu-
nity more than foreign war. I admit that in my
judgment it is the greatest curse that the provi-
dence of God can suffer to fall upon a people. I
can hardly conceive of any alternative that is n</r
better than the prolongation ofcivil wai, as regard 3
the happiness, piospcrity, and welfare of a com-
munity. I may be wrong in all this. The hon-
orable Senator may differ with me. 1 am per-
fectly awaie that most Senatois differ with me on
one point on which I have no hesitation in theex-
pression of my opinions. If 1 could restore tin*
Union by war as it stood—1 do not mean us ex .ct
position, but its great general basis and its pr.o-
ciples—if I believed war could accomplish, su ii
a result, I would do it by war if 1 could not do u
otherwise; but I hold that this war against the h •
\olted States, especially with the mistaken poh
pursued by this Administiation—I have noth',.^
to do with the mot.ves of the President theie: !
certainly dissent entirely from his judgment--!.*
an attempt to effect an impossibility by imposM-
ble means, unless yoit mean by the prefersathfi
of the Union the establishment of a single cenho„i-
ized despotism our all the territory that was oi-o;
governed by a confederated Republic; and ifvcu
mean that, if I have to accept the alternative of J
fering the seceded or revolted States to go, I would
i jtherseparate from them and maintain theM-
ties of this country as a confederate Republic, t !u.:i
I would go on with a war which was to conqii* .
