72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
and subdue them, and establish in my own coun-
try a centralized despotism. 1 have no hesitation
in that opinion. I believe the preservation of our
form of government and its essential principles to
be primary to ali things else, and of far more im-
portance'than the extent of its dominion; and
though I lament the disunion that has taken place,
and look upon war, as 1 have said, as one of the
greatest curses that could fall upon humanity in
any country, if it were put as an alternative to me, 1
I should not hesitate for one moment to accept a
separation rather than have my country existing
under a single centralized despotism for the sake
of power. Independent of my objection to the
form of government—for we should have either a j
military or a bureaucratic despotism—I am per- t
fectly satisfied that a Government of that kind |
could never last over such an extended area as j
our country occupies. It would only lead to eter- |
sial factions and wars,until the country subdivided 1
into six or more nationalities, and republican in- j
stitutions would be lost in the progress of those j
wars of faction. These are my sentiments. I
may be wrong; I may be in error; but I entertain
them and honestly believe them.
Turning from all that, I come back to what I
before stated, that our fathers formed this Consti-
tution for war as well as peace, and that in my
judgment, as regards the question of war, whether
it is civil or foreign, the Constitution adhered to
in its great principles makes the Government far
more powerful than if it attempts to violate those
great principles, as regards the liberty ofthe citizen,
under the plea of carrying on the war more effect-
ually. As I said, in the war with Great Britain
we had an antagonist our superior in wealth, who
had the command of the ocean; our superior in
population. We are now engaged, though in a
civil contest, with an enemy occupying geograph-
ically a distinct portion of the country, who have
no navy, who have no means comparable to ours;
and therefore we are engaged in a war not half as
arduous, though it may be more extended, or half
as dangerous to the Republic as the one that ex-
isted then. That war was cut short by a treaty
of peace; but during the progress of that war the
Administration in this country was far more em-
barrassed in its finances than it now is. The Ad-
ministration of this country had to meet disaffec-
tion through a large extent of the country, quite
as great and far greater than any that exists m
any non-seceded or non-revolted State now; and
I said before, and ( say again, that if the Govern-
ment of the United States had then attempted to
carry out this doctrine of arresting men on sus-
picion because they were opposed to the war of
1812, they would have justified, and they would
have effected, a revolt on the part of the people
of iYew England, who were opposed to that war
because they deemed it prejudicial to their inter-
ests. They would have justified revolt had they
violated the individual liberties of citizens by
wholesale orders for indiscriminate arrests by a
corps of provost marshals scattered through the
whole community.
I have said that there may be individual acts
which may be excused in time of war though they
trespass upon the provisions of the Constitution,
and therefore the honoiable Senator seems to
think that under his doctrine of the safety ofthe
Republic being the supreme law, the Constitution
in time of war can be used or abandoned by the
President at pleasure, provided only he does it 1
with a good motive and an honest intention. 1
hold that to be a doctrine dustiuctive to the pres-
ervation of the liberties of the country. I hold
that the intention ofthe President has nothing to
do with it except as tn your moral estimate of the
man. If the act is an infringement ofthe Consti-
tution you are bound to redress the wrong, no
matter how good the intention may be. Iflion-
orable Senators are correct, the result might be
this: the President ofthe United States might be-
lieve—and men have believed sjch things before—
that there was such embarrassment arising from
the legislation of Congress, and the constant de-
bates and the doings of Congress, that it was better
to put Congress aside, and to make himself dic-
tator until the war was ended as the best mode of
restoring theUnion,and subsequently reestablish-
ing the Constitution—and he might do acts that
were equivalent to it without broadly declaring or
even perhaps conceiving, himself, that that was
the effect ol his action.
Now, sir, I hold that the proclamation of the
President of the 24th of September—I do not mean
the emancipation proclamation—together with the
orders of the Secretary of War of the 26th of Sep-
tember, if carried out in practice, are nothing more
than the establishment of a dictatorship in this
country. I do not say the President means it. I
do not believe the President has any personal am-
bitious designs in this; but the errors of judgment
are as much to be opposed as the errors of inten-
tion. That is wherein I differ from the honora-
ble Senator and from the genera] line of his argu-
ment. Further, I hold that there are no possible
circumstances of necessity, none that have been
given, none that I have seen, that will justify the
wholesale arrests of men which have been made
by the Administration throughout this country,
founded on allegations of God knows whom, for
no one knows. Men are arrested, held in prison
one, two, four, six, and twelve months, and dis-
charged without investigation, without trial. That
is a degree of confidence that I would give to no
President, whether I supported him otherwise or
not. I hold that to be arbitrary power. I hold
that the assumption of power like this within the
States that are not in revolt, where there are no
organized armies, where the people are perfectly
peaceable and the courts fully open and a capacity
existing by law to punish any man for an infrac-
tion of the laws, is necessarily at war with the
first idea of free Government. It is at war with
that law which the gentleman announces—salus
I populi suprema est lex, because the safety of the
Republic must always be based upon the preser-
vation of the individual liberty of the citizen. I
speak not of the liberty of one single man, but the
general principle of liberty that a man shall not
be punished for offenses unknown to the laws;
that he shall not be kept in durance without suf-
ficient cause at the mere will of the executive
authority; because what does that mean if it does
not mean despotism ? I hold that the Govern-
ment is far stronger where it keeps itself within
these great piincinles in carrying on war, and
that if it can effect the object of restoring the Union
by carrying on war, it can do it quite as effectu-
ally for all purposes, as if it attempts to arrest
individuals on suspicion in those States which are
perfectly loyal and peaceable. I hold it, there-
fore, to be an error of judgment and a violation
of the Constitution.
What is it to me that the honorable Senator tells
me it is not a malignant attempt to break down the
liberties of the country ? Be it so. He tells me
that in a particular case it is not founded on any
malignant intention to that party. Be that so; but
is not wrong to be redressed in case of an error of
judgment just the same as in an error of heart?
Sir, if this principle is carried out, that you, rep-
resenting a coordinate branch of the Government,
aie not to interfere with executive action where
you believe it to be wrong, you are not to ques-
tion ail executive action where it transcends the
Constitution, because you believe the President's
motive to be sound, though you think his reasons
insufficient and his judgment wrong, you might
as well dispense with Congress altogether, and
leave the whole power of the Government in the
hands of the Executive alone.
The honorable Senator further put the question
whether either of the Senators from Delaware ap-
plied to the President for information before offer-
ing this resolution here; and he implies that the >
desire was to affect public opinion more than to !
obtain the relief of the individuals. For my own *
part, I should have been perfectly satisfied to let 1
this resolution pass without opening my lips on i
the subject, and let the return be made. The de- :
bate did not arise with me; it arose out of objec-
tions to the resolution. But, sir, I hold no such 1
doctrine, that when the Executive of this country
has put the judiciary under his feet, and I believe
unconstitutionally put them under his feet, I am
bound, in case of individual wrong to one of my |
constituents, to go and "make a personal applica- j
tion to him, instead of in my place in the Senate |
calling for the grounds and the reasons on which
he has deprived an American citizen, whom it is '
my peculiar duty to represent, of liberty. I hold i
that it is not only proper, but right, that I should :
bring it before the Senate in this mode. I did not 1
desire to affect public opinion, but simply to call '
for the reasons of the confinement of these per- j;
sons. Whatever has been said that would affect h
public opinion—and I have no doubt it will affect
it—has arisen from the objections to the resolu-
tion. It has arisen from the avowal of the doctrine,
on the other side, that arrests on suspicion, at the
will oftiie Executive, are to be made and left in the
discretion of the Executive, the judiciary being
incompetent or unable to interfere for the relief of
the party, and Congress refusing to interfere for
his relief. As my colleague suggests to me, the
resolution was offered without argument. It is a
resolution of inquiry merely. If gentlemen desire
to reject this resolution, they cannot expect that
we will leave the principle on which it is founded
undiscussed, because we have no relief whatever,
if the Senate refuse to consider it, and the judi-
ciary cannot interpose,from that which will inev-
itably end in despotic tyranny on the part of this
Administration, without reference to the motives
of individuals, except the public opinion of the
country.
One word more, sir. The danger of relying
upon the motives of the President, as regards mat-
ters of this kind, and refusing to give information
as to the causes of arrests, arises from another
source. You have had, in this country, probably
from two to five hundred arrests made. No man
supposes that the President knows any thing about
the individual cases. He takes the ex parte state-
ments that are forwarded to him. The theory
was established by the Secretary of State, and [
believe it is still adhered to, that counsel should
not have access to the party accused, and the em-
ployment of counsel should be a prejudice instead
of a benefit. The Constitution of the United States
says that if a man is arrested for any crime he
shall be entitled to counsel; but even for the pur-
pose of enabling an ignorant man to represent his
case to a Department, that right is denied. Ac-
cess to his friends is denied. AH this has been
pursued as a system. It matters not what the
motive, the thing is wrong in itself, and leads to
the subversion of our form of Government. Do
gentlemen suppose that, in times of high excite-
ment, the malignant passions are not generated,
that the demoralizing influences of civil war do
not operate in a community, and that men do not
constantly accuse others of acts or speeches (more
especially of speeches) which they never com-
mitted, and constantly from some personal motives
of their own, or, perhaps, from mere political an-
tagonism ? Have they so little knowledge of hu-
man nature that they do not know that that must
be a necessary result of secret inquiry and ex parte
statements, where the parties accused cannot con-
front theiraccuserandestablishtheircase; where,
even before the executive tribunal, all is a mere
system of inquisition; the party never informed,
not knowing who his accuser is, not knowing'the
grounds on which he is held ? Do gentlemen sup-
pose there have been no cases of this kind ? I am
satisfied there have been hundreds. I have known,
within my own knowledge, men arrested, to the
number of eight or ten, and discharged within two
or three days. I know that, during the recent
election in my State, a man was arrested at the
polls by a squad of soldiers under the command
of an officer because he offered a Democratic ticket
to a soldier to vote. I do not say that the Presi-
dent would recognize or sanction that; but sup-
pose that instead of being discharged the day after
the election his arrest had continued. The arrest
was made under the general authority conveyed
to this officer from the President. Would it not
have been my duty to bring such a case here, and
ask from the President the reasons why this man
was arrested ?
The men referred to in the resolution, as I have
told you, were arrested on the day of our little
election, as we call it, on the 7th of October. They
have been held in durance ever since; and they
are now confined. The grounds for their arrest I
do not know; but I have^in my judgment, a right
to know. If there is sufficient ground to hold
them, if they have infracted the laws, they ouaht
to have been delivered over to the civil authority,
in order that the grand jury might act upon the
cases, for the district court of the United States
has been in session since the arrest. They were
not men in the military service; and if they have
committed any civil offense against the laws, that
should have been the course pursued. Men should
not be detained in prison at the mere Executive
will, without hearing, without intercourse with
their friends, without public investigation or pri-
