1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
vate investigation, or some sort of investigation
or hearing. Am 1 to be told that it is necessary
for the purpose of carrying on the war in a totally
different part of the country, where it has no bear-
ing upon it whatever? Will Senators contend that
that is anything less than the conversion of a free
republic, a Government of laws, into a Govern-
ment of will?
Mr. President, I have had occasion to speak
more frequently on this question than I had in-
tended when it was introduced, and I repeat, I
should have said nothing if there had been no op-
position made to the resolution, which*was a mere
resolution of inquiry as to the facts in the case.
The Secretary of War certainly could have an-
swered it, for it asked for nothing prejudicial to
the public interests, but only the alleged causes
or grounds on which two men have been held in
durance for two months by military authority.
If it could have been adopted without debate, I
should have been perfectly satisfied not to open
my lips on the subject. I believe myself, it would
have ended in their discharge, because, as I read
the last order of the Secretary of War, those men
ought to have been discharged under that order.
I cannot imagine why they were not,unless there
has been some interposing individual in my own
State who may have had some personal antipathy
to them, and, having the ear of the Administra-
tion, made perverted statements about them, if
such things are so, I want the facts and the names
of the men to be known to the people of my State.
1 want to know who are the secret informers who
come heie to Washington to malign individuals
as regards their actions and their conduct, where
that malignment ends in the incarceration of the
person. I know such things are done. The Presi-
dent may have confidence in them; he may not
know the men. Such a state of things must al-
ways exist where there is divided sentiment on
any subject whatever; and in times of high excite-
ment, during a civil war, while carrying on that
war, you must expect that men will misjudge each
other. That is one great reason why v/c should
adhere to those cardinal principles which limit
power; and no Government without a limitation
upon the powers of government can possibly
exist as a free Government, be it a monarchy or a
republic.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.  
Mr. FOSTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to interpose a motion; it is that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in answerto a resolution of the Senate
of the 3d instant, in relation to the amounts of
money paid by the Government for investigating
land titles in California; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 587) to provide for the imprisonment
of persons convicted of crime by the criminal court
of the District of Columbia—to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 598) to adjust appropriations here-
tofore made for the civil service of the Navy De-
partment to the present organization of that De-
partment—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 599) relating to the validity of deeds
of public squares and lots in the city of Washing-
ton—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PAYMENTS OF JUDGMENTS TOR DUTIES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the amendment of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 581) concerning judgments in cer-
tain suits brought by the United States. The
amendment of the Senate was to strike out all of
the bill after the enacting clause, and to insert:
That whenever judgments shall be recovered by the
United States in any suit now pending, or hereafter to be
brought, tor the collection or recovery of duties on iuipot ts,
or of moneys clue the United States fiom any collector, or
other officer of the customs of the United States, it shall be
the duty of tho court in which such judgments shall be ren-
dered to indorse upon the execution, or other process issued
thereon, a statement of the cruise of action as aforesaid;
and the amount of debt or damage therein specified, with
mteiest thereon, shall be collected and paid m the gold and
•silver coin of the United States. * *
The House propose to amend the Senate amend-
ment by adding the following:
And in judgments rendered against collectors for duties
illegally or erroneously exacted, and all amounts of duty il-
legally or erroneously exacted that may be refunded, shall
be paid in the gold and silver coin of the United States.
The foregoing provision shall not apply to judgments against
officers of the United States, unless for moneys received for
duties on imports, or any excess thereof.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That amendment ought
to be considered by the Committee on Finance be-
fore it is adopted. 1 move that it be referred to
that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to reconsider the
vote passed a moment ago, adjourning until Mon-
day. 1 think, m the present condition of affairs,
we might as well meet to-morrow, in case we arc
needed. If there is no business tube done, it can
be ascertained in the morning, and we can ad-
journ early. I think we had bettor reconsider
that vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Maine moves to reconsider the vote by
which it was ordered that when the Senate ad-
journs to-day itadjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for a division.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope we
shall not divide. We have not a quorum present.
I think we had better meet to-morrow by com-
mon consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we find there is noth-
ing to do when we meet, we can adjourn early.
Air. POWELL. If Senators wish it, I will
withdraw the call for a division.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Connecticut, that when the Senate adjourns to-
day itadjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 11, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, rec-
ommending that a vote of thanks of Congress be
given to Commander John L. Worden, for the
eminent skill and gallantry exhibited by him in
the late remarkable battle between the United
States iron-clad steamer Monitor, under his com-
mand, and the rebel iron-clad steamer Merrimac,
in March last; and stating that, although the
thanks of Congress have been already tendered
by resolution, approved July 11, 186^, this rec-
ommendation is specially made, m order to com-
ply with the requirements of the ninth section of
the act of Congress of July 16, 1862.
The message was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
similar message from the President, in relation to
Commander George U. Morris; which was dis-
posed of in the same way.
CONVOYS.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to otFer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed,
if the exigencies of the public seivice will admit of it, to
provide a United States vessel of war, to convoy in gaiety
from tne attack of the rebel cruder Alabama, or any other j
puate vessel, an*.hip or -.Ii tii.it shall contain corn, Hour, i
and other provisions, intended as a free oilering by the I
citizens of the United State* to thcstaiving poorofEng-
I land ; and that the presidentof the Chamber of Commerce j
j of the city ol New York, and other maritime cities of the i
j United States, shall notify the "Secretary of the Navy at j
: what time such vessels shall be ieady to sail.
| Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I gave a notice, 1
I which was printed in the Globe some days ago, of I
a bill for this very purpose. I do not claim any
patent for it at all, but this, as I understand it, 18
merely a House resolution.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to its introduction?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I suggestto my
colleague that it will not answer the purpose he -
has in view at all. It must be a joint resolution. -
This House could not auihoiize the Secretary to
do what is proposed. Congress passed, in 1847, a
resolution similar to this, but it was a joint reso-
lution ; and therefore I suggest to my colleague
that he had better allow a joint resolution to ba
introduced for this purpose.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to the introduction of the resolution?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. 1 do, unless it
can be shown that it will answer the purpose.
Mr. FENTON. My colleague, [Mr. Srjbe-
wick,] the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, says the resolution will accomplish tha
purpose.
Mr. TRAIN. I object to the introduction of
the resolution, and call for the regular order of
business.
PAY Off SICK AND WOUNDED SOLDIERS.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular or-
der of business, to call the committees for reports.
On motion of Mr. McPHERSON, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from tha
further consideration of the resolution of the
House, directing an inquiry as to what legislation
is necessary to enable sicl; and wounded soldiers
in Camp Convalescent to be paid their monthly
dues; and the same was referred to the joint com-
mittee on the conduct of the war.
BOUNTY LAND FOR SERVICE IN INDIAN WARS.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass, bill of the House
No. 536, granting bounty lands for services in the
wars against the Indian tribes of Oregon and
Washington in 1855-5S; and the same was laid
upon the table.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill to adjust the appro-
priations heretofore made for the civil service of
the Navy Department to the present organization
of that Department; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and was then read in full.
Mr. HOLMAN. I see that there is a provis-
ion in the bill that all the remaining balances shall
attach to the office of the Secretary of the Navy,
" and may be expended by him for such clerical
services as he shall judge the interest of the De-
partment requires.*' I move to strike out those
words, as they seem to authorize the expenditure
of more money than has heretofore been voted for
the employment of clerks.
The question was taken on the motion; and no
quorum voted.
Mr. HOLMAN. Probably a single question
will avoid all difficulty about this matter. I would
inquire of the gentleman from New York whether
the money which it is proposed to transfer, to ba
used for the employment of clerical force, was
aopropriated heretofore for clerk hire?
Mr. SEDGWICK. The sole object of this bill is
to allow the Department to use the money appro-
priated at the last session of Congress for the ordi-
nary service of the Department. After the passage
of the naval appropriation bill, and within two or
three days of the close of the session, a bill was
passed reorganizing the Navy Department, chang-
ing the names of several of the bureaus, and adding
two or three bureaus to the Department. The ap-
propriation bill having been passed applying tha
money specifically to the old arrangement of the
Department, it was found impossible, without
changing the credits in the Treasury Department,
to use the money thus appropriated, and there has
been much inconvenience arising from it in keep-
ing the accounts of the Department. This bill does
not propose to appropriate a dollar of money, but
merely to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to transfer the credits of the Navy Department, so
that Hie money can be conveniently used. It does
not authorize the employment of any additional
force in the Department, or create any additional
expense whatever.
Mr. HOLMAN. The question I asked was
