186B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL JJLOBE.
tucky [Mr. Menzies] is entitled to the fioorupon
the import of the Committee of Elections.
M<\ WHITE, of Indiana. I ask the gentle-
man to give way to enable me to give notice of a
bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can do that
at the Clerk's desk, under the rule.
Mr- COL PAX. iask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to give way for a moment to enable me to
ask the House to assign Thursday evening for the
consideration of -the postal reform bill. Such a
bill has come down to us from the Senate. It is
an important bill, and I ask that it may be con-
sidered as a special order on that evening.
Mr. WiCKLlFFE. I object to any arrange-
ment unless in order under the rules of the House.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the gentleman to per-
mit me \o withdraw some papers from the files of
the House.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object to my colleague
yielding the floor for any put pose whatever.
Mr. MENZIES. On one day last week, while
addressing the House on tiie .subject of the Louis-
iana elections, I yielded the floor for an adjourn-
ment. I had said that I was not afra-d of making
a dangerous precedent by my vote, if I could sat-
isfy myself that the vote was given correctly; that
1 would not consent to admit to a seat upon this
floor a Representative from one of the disorgan-
ized States, unless it appeared that he was clearly
the free choice of the district ho sought to repre-
sent; that a special election to fill a vacancy could
not be held m Louisiana stiieiivin accordance
with the State law, because the Governor of that
State, the agent by whom the day of election must
be fixed, was in the rebellion; and that Congress
had provided no law to supply the deficiency cre-
ated by the rebellion. And 1 was suggesting,and
I now suggest, that it is a question not free from
difficulty whether or not Congress can fix a day
of election to fiil a vacancy. I refer to a distinct
clause of the Constitution requiring writs of elec-
tion to fill vacancies to be issued by the executive
of a State, I do not quote the language, but think
I give the clause in substance. The same thing
was referred to on Satui day last by the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,"] for the purpose of
showing that the election held in Iowa to fill a
vacancy occasioned by the acceptance by Colonel
Vandever of a mihlaiy commission was not le-
gally held because the Governor of Iowa had not
fixed the day of elcciion.
Mr. WILSON. With the consent of the gen-
tleman fiom Kentucky, I desire to correct him m
hisYeference to a position assumed by me on Sat-
urday last. I did not state that the Constitution
required the Governor to fix a day of election;
but he was requncd by the Constitution to issue
a wiit of election in ease of a vacancy.
Mr. MENZIES. Prom the gentleman'# state-
ment i see wherein I have misquoted him; but
correction does not affect the argument I was
making upon the clause of the Constitution to
which he icferred; and his position as stated by
him supports my argument. The clause provides
that when a vacancy shall happen in the repre-
sentation of a State the executive authority there-
of shall issue a writ of election to fill such vacan-
cy. Congress could not have provided for wtits of
election for the cases in hand if this provision of
the Constitution must be followed, unless it is
modified by another clause which says that Con-
gress may at any time make or alter such regula-
tion; that is, regulations pei taming to the places,
times, and manner of holding elections.
The State law of Louisiana for fixing the elec-
tion day could not be executed; Congress had
provided no law; and it is extremely questioned
whether or not the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingiiam] is right in supposing that Congress
could, i incline to the opinion that Congress
could not provide for ai^£lection day to fill a va-
cancy except thi ough tluTexecutive of the State.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the gentleman
to allow me to make a correction I never said
that Congress can provide by law for holding an
election to fill a vacancy without the action of the
executive. The gentleman cannot find any such
remark that has fallen from me.
Air. MENZIES. i uiid'fistood the main point
of the gentleman's argument to be that Congress
must act before the people of these disorganized
States could take steps to be represented here. But
as 1 now understand him he and 1 do not disa-
gree on the particular pointas to who must fix the
day of election. He says that although Congress
must act, it must act through t!u> executive in fill-
ing a vacancy.
If I have taken correct views, how are the loyal
people of the first and second districts of Louis-
iana to be represented here? The election must
be in pursuance of writs of election issued by the
executive, and there was no executive. These
loyal people should have organized a State gov-
ernment. They should have gotten together and
have provided for an executive and Legislature,
and have fitted them to the constitution ofthc State,
as wasdonc in Missouri—a work which, I believe,
is generally understood to have been well done in
Missouri. This is demanded by some of the loyal
people of Louisiana before they can have Repre-
sentatives in Congress. But, sir, { would respect-
fully suggest that the paiish of Oileans and the
few adjoining rural parishes have it not in their
power to organize a State government. They
could not organize a State government there, be-
cause they could not practically have influence
enough upon the people of the whole State to put
the executive and legislative machinery into op-
eration under the constitution of the State. They
could not get legislators enough. And if they
could appoint an executive for the purpose of or-
dering an e'ection, may they not adopt an election
day fixed by any one? Where are these claim-
ants to stand if the people of the districts can-
not appoint an election day, or adopt the day ap-
pointed by the man assuming to be Governor?
Unless the people can do this, and are able to
show that the men they have sent were of rheir
free choice, the claimants cannot be admitted.
I propose to say a word or two more upon this
point of free choice. J will take one of the dis-
tricts—the one in which the popular expression
is more satisfactory, although m my opinion the
claimants were ooth sent by the free choice of the
people of their respective districts, i will take
the case of Mr. Ilahn. Thegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bixoiiam] tells him that he cannot corne m
here because Confess did net provide for his
election. Thegentleman from Inuiana [Mr. Voon-
iieev] tells him that h<- cannot conv m betause
the rebel power was sufficient to depwve his State
of a Governor, through whose extruUve action
alone an elect'on could have been held. Hut Mr.
Hah n insists that 5,100 loyal voters of his district
have of their free choice signified that they wished
to be represented here by turn, and that 2,600 of
these votes were cast for him and desire him to
represent them m the national Legislature. How
did they vote, and what number of loyal voters
are thete in the district? The men who voted
constitute nearly the whole voting population of
the district which is not m the military service.
Five thousand one hundred voted, and tor
him. The rest were divided among o'her candi-
dates. But were they not induced to vote by miii-
taty coercion of the President or those in rnilitaiy
authority under him? No. That suggestion is
altogether erroneous. There was a candidate
who was patronized by the military nnthonties.
Mr. Hahu was brought out m opposition to that
candidate and defeated him. The people were
not influenced to select a mnn who was not their
free choice, and their motive was to take part in
the Government of the United States, to support
it and enjoy its benefits. A man there, reputed
to be the military governor, issued a proclama-
tion, m which he declared, or lather suggested, to
the people of these districts that they.had better
send Representatives to Congress in order to avoid
the effect of the intended proclamation of the Pres-
ident emancipating the slave property of the rebel
States. The testimony leads me to the belief that
this suggestion, although in bad taste, did not in-
fluence the people, but that they were influenced
to this election because they desired to support
the Government, and not because there was any
undue influence exeieiaed on them by the Presi-
dent of the United States, or by any official em-
ployed there.
I desire to relieve this case of the embarrass-
ment arising from any idea that the claimants are
not the free choice of the people. If they have
such a case as that 1 have attempted to describe;
if they are the free choice of the loyal people ot
their districts; if the people there had an oppor-
tunity to vote at the election, whether they voted
or not-—and I believe from the facts that a large
portion of them did vote; if there was no restraint
from any assumed power there, I do not see what
good reason there can be for refusing to allow the^e
gentlemen to take their seats upon this floor, it
this House can ratify the election day. it is very
evident that there was no restraint upon the freS
choice of the people; there was no undue influence
on the part of the military authorities. In point
of fact, the favorite candidate of the authorities
was defeated. This man [Mr, Hahn] was elected
by a popular movement against that candidate.
In the first district the vote was near three thou-?
sand. I believe that the people of that district
voted freely, ond were uninfluenced by the au-
thorities. The showing from the first district is
not as palpable as in the case of the second dis-
trict. This gentleman from the second district
was brought out by the people and ran against
the candidate, or one who was supposed to be,
patronized by the authorities there.
The point has been made that these gentlemen,
though they may be the free choice of the people,
cannot be admitted unless the statute there fixing
the election had been pursued. That is the only
point in thecaso. Thegentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingiiam] said there were laws passed by Louis-
iana binding on the loyal people there after the act
of secession. 1 cannot assent to that proposition.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to correct the
gentleman. I did not take the position which the
gentleman ascribes tome; but, on the contrary,
i contended that they wore not binding on the
loyal people of Louisiana.
Mr.MENZIES. I stand corrected; butl really
have been laboring under the impression that the
gentleman fiom Ohio contended that the Louisiana
Legislature hud passed a law which was controll-
ing, ;n certain particular, on the subject of this
election which the loyal people proposed to hold.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 refer the gentleman to my
language. 1 at no time made the point that the
secession Legislature could pass a law binding the
loyal people of Louisiana. 1 said they couU pass
no law binding any citizen in oroutof Louisiana,
or any law affecting the Federal Government. I
satd that it affected themselves; butthat the loyal
people wcie entitled to the protection of the whole
power of the Government, by land and by sea.
Mr. MENZIES. 1 have mistaken the gentle-
man's position. L thought he stated that the act
of the Geneial Assembly of Louisiana was bind-
ing so far as the election was concerned; that it
had j•sower to make regulations binding these peo-
ple. 1 understood, at that point, that he callcd
upon any gentleman to deny it; he would like to
see the man who would deny that position. He
did not, however, allow the gentleman from Illi-
nois to say anything in opposition. I promised
the gentleman from Illinois, while 1 held the floor
to-day, to allow him to deny th.a position of the
gentleman ftom Ohio, and to support his denial
with a brief argument. I am ready to fulfill that
promise; and if the gentleman from Illinois is
present, [ will now yield him a portion of my
time.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that the loyal people of
Louisiana are not controlled by laws made sub-
sequent to the act of secession, and that they have
a right to go back to the law of Louisiana as it
stood when the ordinance of secession was en-
acted. If they can elect a member of Congress
aecoiding to those laws they have a right to do
it in disregard of the subsequent legislation by a
disloyal Legislature. They have here complied
with the laws of Louisiana, except m one partic-
ular, that there was no law followed in fixing a
day of election. It is suggested that a new tf-st
oath had been established by one of the procla-
mations of this military governor. He did state
something additional to what was required by the
law of Louisiana, as a test. But if you examine
the testimony you will discover that it was not in-
sisted on, and that nothing was required at tho
polls except what was required by the law of Lou-
isiana at the date of the ordinance of secession.
These men have voted according to law; and the
Representatives which they have sent here are, 1
think, entitled to take their seats, if we can legal-
ize the day of election. That is the only poim
that occurs as presenting any difficultyas to then
admission.
1 will now yield to my colleague.
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire toofter
a few suggestions on this question,^and I iroposM}
