THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1(5,
to consider it as a questisn purely legal, and not
political, in ita character. 1 feel still that it is a
question involved in some difficulty. While I
am willing to admit that there is doubt about the
question, I ask to oiler a few reasons showing
that the weight of the law and facts is in favor of
the admission of these gentlemen to seats upon
this floor. A doubtful legal question ought to be
solved it) favor of giving tile loyal people of the
South representation in Congress. The great mis-
take which it seems gentlemen on both sides of
the House have made is this: that when these
gentlemen present themselves, they are to hold
their seats by virtue of the power or authority
contained in the proclamation of George F. She,p-
iey, styling himself the military governor of Lou-
isiana. "VV hile X propose to admit those gentlemen'
here, I also propose to repudiate all such author-
ity. I propose to affirm that that proclamation
was null and void—without authority of law;
and that, as the loyal people complied with so
much of the law as they could, I propose to affirm
and .ratify their action, and admit those gentle-
men. In coming to this conclusion, I do not pro-
pose to admit that right because of that procla-
mation or anything contained in it. That is an
obstacle which I have to overcome before I can
consent to such a vote. In order to get before the
House the precise proposition I intend to advo-
cate, I ask the Clerk to read two resolutions which
I propose to offer at the proper time as a substitute
for the pending resolutions offered by the com-
mittee.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That ihe proclamation issued l>y Georgft F.
Shepley, styling himself military governor of Louisiana, at
New Orleans, on the 14th day of November, 1^6*2, appoint-
ing an election to be held on Wednesday, the 3d of Deemn-
bci, 1862, for Repiesentativeb in Coiigrot>s from tin* fir«.t and
second congressional districts of Louisiana, w;h null and
void, without the authority of law, and impair no validity
to the election of ttenjrunm l'\ Inlander"ami -Michael liahn.
Resolved) That the election of nuid Flandei^ and liahn,
appearing to have been fiee and unconstrained, and m ac-
cordance with the laws of Louisiana, except that befntr on
adayothei than a day of general election, had not be«n
directed to be held by the fiovernor of Louisiana, the ac-
tion ot the electors in the premises is ratified and confinncd,
and paid Flanders- and flalin are declared entitled to their
aeats ay members ot this House.
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, it will be ob-
served by the substitute which 1 have had read,
and winch I intend to offer, I propose to relieve
this case of every feature which will make it a
dangerous precedent for the future by repudiating
the authority and the legality of the proclamation
of that man styling himself the military governor
of Louisiana; and I propose to make this case
stand, as all future cases must stand, upon its own
merits, and admit these gentlemen here upon the
constitutional right which the electors of those
districts have to be represented here, and upon
our right, as a House of Representatives of the
United States in Congress assembled, to affirm
what those electors have done in the premises.
If we vote to admit these gentlemen here upon
the idea that their right to seats upon this floor is
derived from anything in the proclamation of
George F. Shepley, styling himself the military
governor of Louisiana, all the dangers against
which so many gentlemen have so eloquently and
so forcibly warned us will be impending over us
If this thing could be permitted, how long might
it be or might it not be before some Cromwell
would send his Colonel Pride into these XIalls to
tell us begone; and, if we would not begone, to
clear these benches as he did the benches of the
House of Commons, at the point of the bayonet?
How long might it be, sf we do not pass this reso-
lution repudiating the authority and the validity
of this proclamation of the military governor, be-
fore some great military genius or power might
bestride this House and our deliberations like a
Colossus—
"and we petty men
Walk under his hu?e iejr-. and pre^s about
To find ourselves dishonorable giaves V ,
i\put not this claim upon the proclamation of !
George F. Shepley. I repudiate that, and I must i
say i was struck with astonishment that any j
lawyer could argue in his place upon this floor ,
I hat the case of Cross vs. Harrison, m 16 How-
tud, has any connection whatever with this case.
1 afFbm that there is not a fact, not a thing de- j
eided, not a dictum, not an argument offered by j
the court that in any way assimilates the case of j
G*oSS w. Harrison with the case with-which we I
are dealing. The only thinsca^rmed by that case
is that the President of the United States, in his
capacity of Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy ofthe United States—the United States hav-
ing conquered a province from a foreign enemy—
may establish a civil government under the ad-
ministration of a military government in that con-
quered province, which he does, under the laws of
nations, by virtue of his power as military com-
mander under the Constitution, and that that civil
government remains a government under that
military authority until Congress, in the exercise
of its rightful power and authority, makes a gov-
ernment for the territory.
But I deny that this may be done in relation to
any one of the States of this Union; and whoever
contends thus must admit the doctrine advocated
upon this floor by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] that the ordinances of se-
cession made foreign and independent nations of
the seceded States; or thatotherdoctrine,equally
monstrous, that the States of this Union may com-
mit political suicide, and, havmgdone so, the only
way to reclaim them or get them back into the
Union is to get them just as we would conquer a
province from a foreign nation. 1 deny both these
theories. These people are our citizens, and
Louisiana is one of the States of this Union.
Now, the question arises, if I repudiate this ac-
tion of George P. Shepley, how are the rights of
these gentlemen to these seats to be maintained ?
It is upon the idea that the right of the people of
Louisiana to be represented upon thisilooris not
derived from the law of Louisiana, but from the
Constitution of the United States, which is the
supreme law of the land; and the law of Louis-
iana prescribing how and when these men must
be elected is only directory and not vital in its
character. The right is from the Constitution,
and not from the law of Louisiana.
It was affirmed by the learned and distinguished
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. AIaynakd] that
when Geoige F. Shepley comes here, signing
himself military governor of Louisiana, we can-
not inquire, in a collateral proceeding, as to the
validity of his act, or as to the tenure whereby
he holds his office. That was a dangerous thing
for my friend fiom Tennessee to say. But I will
suggest to the gentleman that there is a way of
inquuing and determining this, and it is the same
that is applicable to a judgment. The court sees
before it the record of a judgment, and all the
presumptions of law are in fuvorof its regularity
and its validity; and we cannot attack that judg-
ment tn a collateral proceeding without first alleg-
ing that it was obtained by fiaud. But if it ap-
pears upon the face of the proceedings themselves,
either that the couit had no jui isdietion over the
business or the subject-mattei of the controvei sy,
or that the person against whom the judgment
was rendered was not before the court, it is void
upon Us face, just as this proclamation  s void
upon its face, because it purports to be issued by
a man styling himself a military governor of one
of the States of this Union, no such officer being
known to our laws or system of government.
Mr. VOOftflEES. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky inform mo whether he has any evi-
dence that this election would have transpired,
that a single vote would have been cast, that the
people would have assembled for the purpose of
securing representation, if it had not been for this
proclamation of the so-culled Governor Shepley,
whom the gentleman repudiates here upon this
floor?
Mr. A1ENZIE3. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. YEAMAN. 1 will yield to my colleague
to answer that question, lie is a member of the
Committee of Elections, and knows more ofthe
facts than {do. I am aiguing tlje law of the case.
Air. ME.NZIES. I believe that the election
was not originally suggested fiom that source,
but that it wns originally suggested by the people
themselves.
Mr. VOORIIEES. If the gentleman from
Kentucky is thiough with his answer, allow me
to say—and I say it in the hearing, I apprehend,
of every member of the Committee of Elections—
I have never heard one word of evidence, or one
allegation, that the people ever meant or even
thought of an election of a Representative in this
or any otherdistrict, until this proclamation was
issued by the military governor. On the con-
traiy, I .say here that the idea of ^presentation
was first suggested to the people of New Orleans,
and to the people of all those afflicted regions
which lie between loyalty and disloyalty in the
possession of our armies, by the proclamation of
the President, who told the people that they could
save their property alone from the results of the
proclamation of January 1 by sending their Rep-
resentatives to Congress. There was the origin of
the suggestion of representation, and there is where
it emanated from—from the Executive and from
the Executive aione—and the peopleelected a Rep-
resentative under a threat.
Mr. MENZIES. The gentleman from Indiana
will allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. VOORHEES. Certainly.
Mr. MENZIES. Was the meeting which was
field in the parish of New Orleans before or after
the proclamation ?
Air. VOORHEES. I understand it to have
been after the proclamation of the President and
the proclamation of Shepley both. If I under-
stand the meeting to which the gentleman from
Kentucky alludes, it was that meeting at which
one of the claimants to a seat upon this floor
addressed an argument in favor of voting, and
declared that the voters who voted for him would
not be deprived of their places nor of their employ-
ment under executive patronage; that he was
authorized to say that they would be allowed to
vote for him and not lose the employments which
brought bread to their families. If that is the
meeting to which the gentleman alludes, he has
my answer.
Mr. MENZIES. It was before.
Mr. YEAM AN. I have constantly understood
the facts of this case to be these: that the loyal
people of New Orleans were clamorous and anx-
ious to be represented in this Congress; that they
moved m the matter by primary assemblies; that
they moved in the matter by the representations
of the military authorities; and that they moved
m the matter by delegations to Washington city,
sent for the especial purpose of influencing the
proper authorities favorably in the matter.
Air. PORTER. I would like to be satisfied
whether, as a matter of fact, any of these meet-
ings took place until after the proclamation of the
Piesidcnt, by which they were led to infer that
if they did not enter upon an election they would
be depiived of a particular species of their prop-
erty ?
Air. YEAMAN. I answer that I do not know,
and so far as the legitimacy of this argument is
concerned, without meaning any disrespect to the
gentleman, 1 do not care. The point is that the
people have acted, and if they acted in obedience
to the suggestions of an officer, whose act was
illegal, that does not make illegal the act of the
people, who, under the Constitution ofthe whole
land, have a right to be represented here. If the
President had committed a greater error in threat-
ening what he would do with that property, and
having the Army and Navy in his hands to be
hurled against these people in the execution of
this threat, and if the fact of their being repre-
sented here would be a reason to persuade him
from committing a grave crime, does that render
illegal the doing of that which they had a right
to do under the Constitution, with or without his
threats? Evidently not. I understand the gen-
tleman to have approved the proclamation, and
yet he stands here insisting it was so great an out-
rage as to vitiate the legal acts of loyal people by
acting as a duress upon them. .
Air. PORTER. The point of my inquiry was
this: I made it to show that this movement being
made after the appearance of the President's proc-
lamation, it looks very much like an affectation
of loyalty on the, part of many of the voters, in-
stead of being loyalty itself.
Air. YEAMAN. That is a matter of inference
with the gentleman frora^Indiana in which I can
only differ with him. Tcannot expect any argu-
ments 1 may olfer to change his opinion on that
point. But it does seem hard that these people
are to have the threat of robbery made, and in the
same threat be told that if they will send Congress-
men they shall not be robbed, and when they send
them be coolly told their act was an affectation of
loya!ty,and their chosen Representatives snubbed
and sent home.
Sir, I was suggesting to the House and to the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] that
the point he rpadc, that we cannot collaterally in-
