74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
simply this: whether the money which is to be
transferred was originally appropriated for the
purpose to which it is now proposed to apply it?
Mr. SEDGWICK. I understand that to be the
case.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is not ail increase of clerk
hire?
Mr. SEDGWICK. No increase at all.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
CLERIC TO THE NAVAL COMMITTEE,
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be, and
they are hoirby, authorized to employ a eleik during the
present se^ion of Congress at, the usual rate of compensa-
tion during the time actually employed.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is that a report from the com-
mittee in the ordinary course of business?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
it is a report from the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was the subject referred to
the committee ? I believe they cannot report with-
out some reference.
The SPEAKER. It has been the universal prac-
tice to allow a committee to make such a report,
it being within the province of the committee, and
necessary to the transaction of its business.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 wish to inquire whether this
committee had a clerk during the last session of
Congress?
Mr. SEDGWICK. During the last two ses-
sions of Congress the Committee on Naval Affairs
have not had a clerk. One of the gentlemen of the
committee, [Mr. Rice, of Massachusetts,] lias
acted ascierk to the committee, and has discharged
the duties very faithfully, and without, compensa-
tion. Thuio is a good deal of business before the
committee during the present session; and with
the entire concurrence of the acting clerk, this
resolution is intioduced. Heretofore the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs has employed a clerk; but
owing to the pressure on the Trea,«ury, the com-
mitter has, during the last two sessions, avoided
incurring the expense. It now desires a clerk for
the remainder of this Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that the very excel-
lent reputation which that committee has earned
by the patriotism as well as the industry of the
gentleman from Massachusetts will not be im-
paired by the attempt at thu time to increase the
expenses of that committee. It does not appear
to me that there is any necessity for the appoint-
ment of a eleik to that committee. 1 do not be-
lieve there is a committee of the House which
actually requires a clerk, with the exception of
the Committee of Ways and Means. 1 am very
positive that m the mam, the committees of the
House do not require clerks for any public rea-
son. I know there is a gieat pressure on mem-
bers of the House for theseappoiutments. I know
that there is an army of gentlemen here from all
parts of the country asking for these positions;
but their private interests should not ovei ride the
interests of the country. There are enoughclerks
in the House of Representatives to perform five
times the amount of labor required at their hands
—a fact well known to gentlemen. This Congress
has steadily increased "the expenditures immedi-
ately connected with its operations. The num-
ber of clerks, as I am told by those who are fa-
miliar with the subject, has increased; and instead
of the retrenchment and reform that we were pi om-
ised two years since, a steady increase of the
public expenditure has been the result, even in
the ordinary civil expenditure.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, that not only as an admo-
nition, but as an example to the next Congress,
this Congress will, duiing the remnant of its exist-
ence, practice economy in this fearful emergency
of the counti y,and set an example which will con-
trol the action of the next Congress, and enforce
that economy which the piessure on the national !
resources now imperatively demands. It is said
that that committee has hithei to been in the habit
of employing a clerk, but certainly not uniformly.
1 am compelled, therefore, from the necessity of
practicing economy, and in view of the fact that
there is no pressing necessity for this clerk, as
shown by the action of the committee during the
last two sessions, to oppose the resolution. The
duties of the committee can be performed without
this increased expenditure. There are an army of
unnecessary employes about this Capitol; every
such employe, not absolutely necessary, should
be discharged instead of the number increased. I
move that the resolution be laid upon the table.
The question was taken by division. Pending
the vote,
Mr. HOLMAN said : As the House evidently
shows no disposition to enter upon a system of
economy, I withdraw the motion.
The question was taken on the resolution; and
it was adopted.
DANIEL S. McCAULEY's TTIDOVT.
Mr. COX,from the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, reported back the petition of the widow of
Daniel S. McCauley, asking compensation on
account of his services, and asked that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the same.
It was so ordered.
FRENCH B1UG JULES ET MARIE.
Mr. COX, from the same committee, reported
back, with a recommendation that it do pass,
Senate bill No. 406, for the relief of the owners
of the French brig Jules et Marie.
The bill was read. It directs that there be paid,
to the order of the proper functionary of the
Government of his Majesty the Emperor of the
French, the sum of $9,500 in coin, as full com-
pensation to the owners of the French brig Jules
et Marie, or their legal representatives, for dam-
ages received by the brig in a collision with the
United States war steamer San Jacinto, on the 3d
of November last,which collision wasoccasioned,
m the opinion of a joint naval commission to
whom the claim was referred, by the failure of the
San Jacinto seasonably to reverse her engine.
Mr.COX. Thismeasure wasrecommended by
a special message of the President of the United
States, which I will ask to have read.
The message was read, as follows:
To the Senate and House o/ Representatives :
On the Od of Novemhei, 1861, a collision took place off
the coast of Cuba between the United States war steamer
San Jacinto and the French brig Jules ot Marie, resulting
in seiious damage to the Janet. The obligation ot this Gov-
ernment to make amende theiefor could not be questioned
if the injurv re=u!ted fiom any fault on the part ot the San
Jaemto. With a view to ascot tam this, the subject was le-
feued to a commission of United States and Fieneh naval
officers at New Y ork, with a naval officer of Italy an ar-
biter. The conclusion arrived at wa^, that the collision was
occasioned by the failure of the San Jacinto seasonably to
reverse her engine, it then became neeer-saiy to ascertain
the amount of indemnification due to the injured party.
The United States consul general at Havana was eon<e-
quently instructed to confer with the consul of Trance on
this point, and they have determined that the fiim of
i  an equitable allowance under the circumstances. I iec-
ominend an appropuation of this sum lor the benefit of the
ovvneis of the Jules et Marie.
A cony of the letter of Mr. Shufeldt, the consul general
of the United States at Havana, to the Secretaiy of Slate
on the subject is herewith transmitted.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, December 3, 18i3-2.
No. 108.] Consulate General of the United States,
Havana, November 14, ]£g2.
Sir: In the matter of the claim of theowneis of the
French brig Jules et Mane, after some correspondence and
several interview*, between the French consul geneial and
myself, in the most friendly spa it, and in order "to arrive at
a j ust and equitable settlement, taking into eons [deration the
length ot tune that has elapsed, I have concluded to accept
the last proposition mode by my colleague of Fiance to-d.iv,
which reduces the claim to ,^y,500, and hnvp advised him
to this effect, adding that I would recommend the pay-
ment of that sum to the piopiietois of the Jules et Mane,
or their repiesentative. Tho amount originally claimed wa>
$9,963 20. The consul geneial of Fiance has also waived
all demands for interest.
I am, sir, with gicat lespeet, j our obedient servant,
R. W. sriUPELDT,
Consul General.
Hon. William II. Seward,
Secretary oj Stale, Washington.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC LOTS IN "WASHINGTON.
Mr. TRAIN, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, repoi ted back a bill relat-
ing to the validity of deeds of public squaies and
lots in the city of Washington, and asked that it
be j ut upon its passage.
The bill was read. It directs that all deeds or
conveyances heretofore made, and all that may be
hereafter made, in pursuance of law, of squares
or lots of public lands in the city of Washington,
by the Commissioner of Public Buildings, or any
other authorized officer, shall be deemed valid in
law, notwithstanding they have not been, or may
not be, acknowledged by said Commissioner or
other authorized officer before a commissioner of
deeds, as deeds of real property, made between
individuals, are required by law to be acknowl-
edged.
Mr. TRAIN. The practicc of the officer of
the Government whose duty it is to execute con-
veyances of land in the District, has been to ex-
ecute the deed without going through the form of
acknowledging it, as other conveyances are ac-
knowledged by the grantor. Some of the parties
who have bought land in this way arc now dis-
turbed in regard to their title; and this bill has
been reported for the purpose of quieting titles
where any controversy may arise. Tliete is a
still further provision in the bill which allows the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, who executes
these deeds by the direction of the President, to
do so without the formality of making an ac-
knowledgment. If there be no objection, 1 ask
that the bill may be put upon its passage.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed, and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. TRAIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, aud also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONVICTS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. TRAIN, from the same coram ittec, reported
back House bill No. 587, to provide for the impris-
onment of persons convicted of crime by the ctim-
inal court of the District of Columbia, and asked
that it be put upon its passage.
The bill was read. The first section enacts that
all persons who shall hereafter be convicted by
the criminal court of the District of Columbia of
any offense, the punishment of which by law shall
be confinement in the penitentiary, shall be con-
fined during the term of their sentence in some
suitable prison in a convenient State, where they
caij be employed at suitable labor, to he desig-
nated by the Secretary of the Interior. The sec-
ond section makes it the duty of the Secretary of
the Interior to contract with the managers or'su-
perintendents of a suitable prison in some conven-
ient State for the imprisonment, subsistence, and
proper employment of such prisoners; and also
to notify the criminal court in the District of Co-
lumbia, on or before the first day of each term, the
prison in which such provision has been mad";
and makes it the duty of the court to sentence all
persons convicted to confinement in the piison so
designated.
The third section makes it the duty of the
Secretary of the Interior to make suitable pro-
vision for the safe transportation of prisoners to
such prisons. The fourth section legalizes and
declares valid the action of the Secretary of the
Interior in transfering prisoners from the peni-
tentiary of the District of Columbia to the peni-
tentiary at Albany. The fifth section applies, un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
all appropriations heretofore made for the sup-
port of prisoners in the penitentiary of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, &c., and all appropriations
that may hereafter be made for the expense and
support of prisoners convicted by the criminal
court of the District of Columbia, to defraying
the expenses of transporting them to and subsist-
ing them in the prison selected by him; and the
Secretary of the Interior is also directed to pay to
each prisoner on his discharge $10, to enable such
prisoner to reach the point wheie he or sli" may
wish to go. The sixth section directs the Secre-
tary ot the Interior, whenever a suitable peniten-
tiary is completed in the District of Columbia, to
cause to be transferred to it all persons convicted
by the criminal court of the District who shall
then be imprisoned outside of the District.
Mr. WICKLJFFE. Mr. Speaker, i would like
to inquire of the chairman of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, before i vote for
that bill, what has become of the penitentiary that
existed in this District? Whathas become of its
inmates ? If they have been taken out and car-
