1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
ried outside of the District of Columbia, by what
law and under what authority has it been done ?
I make the inquiry because at the last session of
Congress the subject was discussed in this House
upon the power of transferring the convicts held
and confined in that penitentiary to other prisons.
According to my rccollcction the decision of the
House, on that occasion, was against the right of
punishing those convicts by confinement any-
where else than in the penitentiary to which they
were consigned under the decision of the court
condemning them for the several crimes, of which
they were accused and convicted. If they have
been carried out of this District, I want the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds tu state under what law and authority it
was done.
Mr. TRAIN. Mr. Speaker, it gives me great
pleasure to answer the interrogatory of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. He is right in his recol-
lection of what transpired at the last session of
Congress. The War Department was anxious
at the last session to obtain the penitentiary which
stands upon the arsenal grounds, and is within
the military department of the Government, for
the purpose of storing its ammunition there, but
objection was made by several gentlemen. They
thought that such action, and the consequent
transfer of the prisoners there confined to other
places, might operate to release them from im-
prisonment altogether. The bill failed in the
House. After the adjournment of Congress, the
arsenal at Pittsburg was blown up by some acci-
dent, and it became absolutely necessary for the
Government to provide some building to take the
place of that arsenal, so far as they might be able
to do so. The President of the United States
acted upon his own responsibility as Command-
er-in Chief of the Army, and at the time made an
arrangement with the authonties of the State of
New York by which the prisoners in (he peniten-
tiary here were removed to the penitentiary at
Albany,in that State, where they are now boarded
at an expense of $1 25 per week, each, which is
paid by the Government of the United States to
the New York authorities.' It was a necessity.
There was no other place which could be used by
the Go\ei!iment for the purpose for which it de-
sired this building. These prisoners were trans-
ferred to the Albany penitentiary where they are
well treated. So far as 1 have heard none of them
objected to the little ride they took from Wash-
ington to Albany, where they have quietly re-
mained up to the present time. Whenever any
Ensoner chooses to test the legal question,it will
edo«ided. If the President has acted without
authority, then the prisoners will be released.
Mr. WiClvLIFPE. But the writ of habeas
corpus has been suspended. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRAIN. What is now asked is that the
Secretary of the Interior shall be authorized to
transferthe prisoners convicted in the District to
any convenient penitentiary where he can have
them well taken care of, and where they can be
put to suitable labor. That is the object of the
pending bill.
Mr. YV1CKLIFFE. I would like to know
from the gentleman from Massachusetts how the
piisoners thus transferred can try that question
when the writ of habeas corpus has been suspended ?
Mr. TRAIN. There wilt be no difficulty about
that, in the State of New York, when Governor
Seymour has been inaugurated.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. TRAIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. WASHBURNE moved that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on j
Monday next. j
The motion was agreed to. !
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM moved to reconsider j
the vote just taken; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Nicohy,
his Private Secretary.
LEAVE TO VOTE.
Mr. MAY. Mr. Speaker, I have been detained
from the House by sickness, and I ask unanimous
consent to record my vote on the several questions
which have been up for consideration during my
absence. I wish to vote against the bill which
indemnifies executive tyrannies. I do not know
the name of the bill, but it is the bill which jus-
tifies arbitrary arrests. I wish also to vote against
the bill which mutilates the State of Virginia by
admitting a portion of it as a new State into the
CJnion.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MAY. I describe the bills as I understand
them.
Mr. S.C. FESSENDEN. I object, unless the
gentleman from Maryland states the titles of the
bills upon which he asks to vote.
SIXTH STREET WEST.
Mr. TRAIN asked the unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 226,
authorizing the opening of Sixth street west, for
reference.
The bill was taken up, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
BANKRUPT LA AT.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLIIYG. I am instructed
by the select committee on the subject of a bank-
rupt-law, to report back House bill No. 513, to
establish auniform system ofbank ruptcy through-
out the United States, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The SPEAKER. Wa^ that committee eontin-
uedbyany action of the House at the last session
of Congress?
Mr. ROSCOE CONKL1NG. The committee
made a report, but subsequently the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Arnold] introduced and had
referred to it the bill 1 now leport back.
The SPEAKER. The reference of that bill
would only levive the select committee for that
session. It could only be revived and continued
to the present session by express action of the
House.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I do not know
the precise form of action necessary to revive this
select committee. 1 lemcmher that at the end of
the session this bill was referred to that select
committee, and we went on to consider it.
The SPEAKER.. The mere lelerene.e to a se-
lect committee after it has reported would revive
it only for that session. The reference of a bill
to a select committee would not carry it over to
the next session of Congress.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I can only say
what the understanding was. I will not pretend
to give the precise instructions of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair only tvants to
ascertain the facts.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I have no desire
that the committee shall live for this session, but
in making the report 1 only discharge a duty which
is not an agreeable one to me.
Mr. WICKLIPFE. 1 find, by reference to the
records, that the action of the House on a bill
reported from the select committee bv the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Roscoe Conkling,]
at the last session, was this:
"A bill (H. It. No. 387) to establish a unifoun system
of bankuiptcv throughout the United [States. Question,
1 Shall the hill he disrobed Tire further consideration of
the lull postponed until Wednesday. December iM, leG;2.5'
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. That was an-
other bill. That bill was reported from the select
committee. Subsequently, the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ar\tolp] introduced a bill, just pre-
vious to the expiration of the last session of Con-
gress, which was referred to the committee, and it
is that bill I ask to report hack to the House.
The SPEAKER. If there was any action of
the House at the last session reviving this com-
mittee at this session, and it is shown, the Chair
will consider it the understanding that, at the next
call of committees, the gentleman's report shall be
received.
It was agreed to accordingly.
UNITED STATES SUITS.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up House bill No. 581, con-
cerning judgments in certain suits brought by the
United States, and pass the amendment of the
Senate to it.
There was no objection; and the bill was taken
up, and the Senate amendment read,as follows:
That wheuever judgments shall be recovered by the Uni-
ted States in any suit now pending, or hereafter to be
brought, for the collection or recovery of duties on imports,
or ot moneys due the United States from any collector or
othci officer of the customs of the United States, it shall be
the duty of the eoui t in which such judgments shall be ren-
dered, to nuioiseupon the execution, or other process issued
theieon,  i statement of the causc of action as aforesaid;
and the amount of debt or damage therein specified, with
interest thereon, «hall be collected and paid in the gold and
silver com ot the United States.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the amend-
"ment of the Senate, by adding thereto the follow-
ing:
And any judgments rendered against collectors for duties
illegally or eiioneou°ly exacted, and all amounts of duty
illegally ot enoneously exacted that may be refunded, shall
be paid in the gold and silver coin of the United States.
I will make a short statement in reference to the
matter, so that the House may see the necessity
of the amendment. The bill provides that where
collectors are sued by the United States for any
money they may have received, and judgment is
rendered, the judgment shall be paid in gold or sil-
ver. Now, my amendment goes on to provide that
whenever there is a judgment against a collector
rendered in favor of those who nave overpaid, or
who have paid under protest in gold or silver, the
judgment shall be paid in the same kind of money—
that is, gold or silver. It also provides that where
such duties are refunded, they shall be refunded
in gold and silver.
. I have a petition fiom the principal merchants
of New Yoik, setting forth what they desire in
this lespect. I ask that it may be read.
The petition was read, as follows:
To the Honorable the Senate and House of Representatives}
in Confess nuemhled :
The undesigned, merchants of New Yoik, respectfully
represent, that while all duties on imports? are required to
he paid in specie,or demand notes commanding a high pre-
mium,theie h now no law providing lor the return ot duties
illegally or erroneously exacted of merchants, in the same
cuirency m which they ate icquired to be paid.
Your petitioners cannot fail to see, in this burdensome
and unlan discrimination, a just cause for complaint and
the interposition oi your honorable body to remedy the evil.
They thefefoie pray that Congress will provide by law
that judgments- airain^t collectot- for duties illegally or erro-
neously exacted,"and all refunds of duties, shall be paid in
specie; and as in duty hound your petitioners will ever pi ay.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, by adding thereto the following:
The foregoing provisions shall not apply to judgments
acain^t officer* of the United States, unless for moneys re-
ceived for duties on imports, or in cases of frauds.
I believe there is no objection, on the part of the
gentlemen of the committee, to this amendment.
The justice of it is very evident. If a party has
in his hands any moneys of the United States
which he has received in notesoftheUnited States,
and not for imports, it should not be collected in
com. As the bill now stands, you might recover
in gold j though the money was not received in gold.
The object of the amendment is to correct that
difficulty.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to; and
the Senate's amendment, as amended, was then
adopted.
The SPEAKER announced, as the order of
business, the call of States for resolutions.
PAYMENT OF SOLDIERS, ETC.
Mr. WJCIvLTPFE offered the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War inform this House,
3st. What number of soldiers of the volunteci and legular
Aimv have been placed on the pay-mil of the Army. 2d.
What regiments; nfsoldier s have no) been paid tip to the 1st
of December. 1H>2. 3d. Whatiegnnents lennun unpaid, and
how long Irive the soldiers; ot such regiment* remained
without pay. 4th. lias the money appropnated by Con-
■ness toi tlie pay, subsistence, and clothing of the Army
been applied to othn pulpites than ihe pay. subsistence,
and clothing of the soldiers of the United States, and to
what puipo<es.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
moilily his resolution by putting in the usual
phiasp, "jf not inconsistent with the public in-
terest. "
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I will not insert that for a
Secretary of War. 1 call for no State secrets. We
have a right to know what they have done with
the money, and I call for the information.
