1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
powering tho Governor to issue these, and all of
which are directory, but from the Constitution,
the supreme law of the land. Then, if the direct-
ory parts be neglected, but the great rightclaimed
and exorcised, Congress may, and often has, de-
termined whether the exercise resulted in a legiti-
mate or truthful choice of the people; and if that
fact is found, they wiil reverse the decisions of
State tribunals, and overlook omissions to com-
ply literally with State laws,and welcome the real
choice into this Hall.
Mr, Speaker, what is the object of our war and
our legislation? If we are honest, it is the restor-
ation of the Union. How are we to do that? I
can take the theories of gentlemen and showthtffr
owing to the absence, the death, the treason, or the
obstinacy of State officials and mmisteiial agents
in the rebel States, those States never can and
never will be reorganized, but must remain for-
ever either in a state of anarchy or in a state of
colonial dependence on the General Government.
We must encourage the loyal people of the South.
But what are we doing? We say to the aimed
rebel, fight to the death; you are already condemned
and your estate confiscated; itis butruin anyhow,
and certainly you cannot worst yourself. We say
to the loyal and non-combatant population, you
may as well give in to the rebellion and go with
your people; we will take your property for your
neighbor-'^ sins; and your only safety is to join
yourdesuny to his and help him to heat us. And
now, when we have invited the active Union men
to send members here, and they cheerfully com-
ply, we send them away, for the curious reason
that their former Governor is in the rebellion, and
the rebel armies have prevented them from sup-
plying his place. Verily, between the rebellion
and our own Government, the way of a Union
.man at the South 13 hard.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speak-
er, whateverotherdifferencesof opinion there may
be between membersof this House, we all recog-
nize the great im portance of the principles and pol-
icy involved in the resolutions before us. There
are certain facts that are not contested. It is not
contested in the report of the committee, or in the
arguments of the 'members of the Committee of
Elections, who did not sign the report, that the
persons who arc elected to this House are loyal
men. It id not contested that they were elected
by loyal citizens of Louisiana. It is not contested
that they were elected without military dictation
orcontiol. There is nothing developed in the re-
port or in the arguments presented to the House
to show that there was any military dictation or
control or influence in the election.
Whatare the relations which these electors and
the persons who claim these seats hold, at this
moment, to the Government of the United States ?
They uie citizens of the United States, subject to
all (he duties imposed by the Constitution and
iaws of the United Stales. They are subject to
taxation. Since the ordinance of secession was
passed they have been taxed in conformity to the
provision of the Constitution (article 1, section
2) which apportions direct taxation. They are
subject to your revenue laws. Your collector is
there to-day collecting duties imposed by the Gov-
ernment They are subject to your excise duties.
Your law passed at the last session applies to and
includes them. They are subject to military ser-
vice. Some four thousand of loyal residents of
New Orleans are already engaged in the military
service of the Government.
Now, Mr. Speaker, before the act of secession
these men had all the political rights that are cor-
relative to these political duties. They hud the
right cf representation, which, from the earliest
history of this Government, has been indissolubly
connected with the right of taxation. Subject, in
war or peace, to all the duties and baldens of the
Government, they are entitled to the correspond-
ing rights and privileges that Government had
conferred upon them, unless m some legal way
deprived of them. These propositions are too
plain for argument.
1 proceed, then, Mr. Speaker, to consider
whether these rights have been in any way modi-
fied or impaired by the act of secession. Were
they impaired by the ordinance passed by the con-
vention of Louisiana? Itis conceded on ail hands
that that act was null and void, and thatit did not
change the relations which the State of Louisiana
sustained to this Union Is that act of secession, !
in itself null and void, rendered operative and
effective by the use of physical power or armed
force? Or, to state the proposition in another
form, is the ordinance of secession rendered effect-
ive because armed treason is behind it? Very
clearly, no. An act, void in itself under the su-
preme law of the land, cannot be made to affect or
impair the legal rights of any, the humblest citi-
zen, because armed treason seeks to enforce it.
Mr. Speaker, this doctrine is, 1 know, contested;
but 1 venture to say that there is no form in which
the proposition that the seceded States have com-
mitted either suicide or treason can be put, in which
its absurdity is not transparent. That! may do
no injustice to the advocates of this doctrine, I
will read the statement of it made by my distin-
guished colleague, [Mr. Eliot,] and I beg the
House to maik the force and effect of his words.
He is speaking of the ordinance of secession, and
he says:
" Cut being of no efFcet by law, yet operative and vitalized
by false fonn of law, and liy elective and controlling lorce
m l:ict. it followed inevitably that, while the lebel State
had jenonuced its allegiance and east oil the protection ot
the Government, iw teiritory remained within the Union,
and its loyal men thereupon residing were entitled to pro-
tection in their persons and in their property and in all their
rtghi«, a-> soon as the miiitaiy power of the Government
could he exerted there, and a new civil government within
the State could be created."
That is to say, the proposition of my colleague
is, that although the act of secession is void by
law, " it is vitalized by a false form of law," anil
by the force behind that false form of law. I may
be very obtuse, but I prefer the plainer and sim-
pler proposition that an act which is uttei ly void
by the supreme law of the land cannot be vitalized
or made effective by armed treason, but is void
still. And I beg leave, with all due deference to
my distinguished colleague, to say that if that is
the proposition which he told us the other day a
majority of the sensible men of Massachusetts
behove in, they have done great injustice to the
foolish men of Massachusetts, [laughter,] for they
have robbed them of their appropriate food and
of the most absurd proposition they could find to
believe in. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELIOT. Will my colleague yield to me ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. With
pleasure.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I was somewhat
surprised the other day to observe how very .sen-
sitive my distinguished colleague was at the uee
which I then made of tho word "sensible." But
when a gentleman states that a majority of sensi-
ble men are of a certain opinion, k does not by
any means follow that those who hold the adverse
opinion may not also be sensible. My learned
colleague must not suppose thatl intended atall to
place him in the category of those who were not
sensible—ceitainly not—but only among the mi-
nority of sensible men. [Laughter.] My iearned
colleague m as sensible as any of those who differ
from him. I should be tho last man to take from
him anyclaim which he,certainly with some sen-
sitiveness, seems to assert, that he belongs to a
sensible party. In Massachusetts, I am-glad to
believe, U is a party in the minority, although
there are in it very sensible gentlemen.
Mr, THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield the floor to a speech, if my colleague de-
Mro-* to ask a question or to make an explanation
I have no objection.
Mr. ELIOI'. I am endeavoring to make an
explanation,and I began on that point because my
colleague has been so very sensitive. Two or
three times he referred to it as though I intended
to intimate tha' he and the People's party in Mas-
sachusetts were not sensible. Far be it from me
to say thet they are not sensible men. In that
particular, however, I think they are decidedly m
the minority, and so far as the questions are con-
cerned that divided the People's party from the
great body of men in Massachusetts last fall, I
cannot, fiorn my stand-point, believe that they
were as sensible as I hope mv learned friend will
be when he comes next to the polls.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield the floor to ruy colleague to make a political
speech.
Mr. ELIOT. My colleague must keep good
natured.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. It is not
surely a question of good nature. Mine is not
easily exhausted, but I desire to proceed with my
remarks. I do not desire to hoar a talk about the
People's party, or any other party; graver mat-
ters are before us.
Mr. ELIOT. Does my friend decline to yield
the floor ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. For a po-
litical speech I must. If my colleague has any
explanation he desires to make, I will yield for
explanation; but I cannot yield for a speech.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to make an explanation.
Mr. Speaker, I do not know whether that phrase,
14 State suicide," originated in this House or in
the other branch of Congress. It is not a phrase
that, to my mind, conveys a clear and distinct state
of facts. I have never used it. My learned col-
league has attributed it to me. 1 repeat I have
never used it. I have entertained the idea, and
now entertain a distinct idea of what I have called
State treason. 1 had the honor to speak upon that
subject last summer; and it was in the course of
that speech that I stated, more at large than I can
now do, whatseem to me to be the true doctrines
on that subject.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield the floor and my time for this discussion.
Mr. ELIOT. It takes some little tune to ex-
plain my point.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I do not
desire to give up my time for discussion upon
this question, and I must decline further to yield
the floor.
Mr. ELIOT. Very well; then I will just
say 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
fiom Massachusetts is not in order. His col-
league declines to yield the floor.
Mi. ELIOT. My colleague yields to me, as
I understand, to finish this statement.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does thcgentle-
man from Massachusetts yield the floor?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. For my
colleague to finish what he was saying at the
moment.
Mr. ELIOT. When a State has done what
under the language of the Constitution amounts
to treason; when it has given aid and comfort to
the enemy; when it has levied war against the
Government; when its Governor has abdicated,
its Legislature gone over to the enemy; when it
has, by all the forms oflaw, arrayed itselfagainst
the Government, I say that State has committed
treason, and that as such it has forfeited all its
rights as a State, leaving the loyal men of the
State to be cored forand protected by the Govern-
ment. But I repeat, that as a corporation it has
committed treason, and has forfeitedall its rights
under the Government as a traitor State.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Is this all
my colieague has to say?
Mr. ELIOT. Just to finish the sentence. And
may be declared by the Government as having
foifcited all its rights and privileges as a State.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The doc-
trine, then, is, that a State cannot hang itself, but
may put itself in a state of preparation to be
hanged.
Mr. ELIOT. It deserves to be hanged.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. It can, of
course, be arraigned for treason; it can be in-
dicted for treason; brought to trial before a jury
of its peers for treason, and hung for treason.
[Laughter.] The statement well illustrates what
i have befoie stated, that there is no form of words
into which you can put this doctrine that its ab-
surdity will not be transpaiem. The proposition
commits suicide, not the State. It js felo de se. A
State cannot commit treason, nor can the void act
of a State change the relation which loyal citizens
sustain to the United States; nor arc the lelations
which loyal and obedient citizens sustain to the
Government of the United States broken or sev-
ered because the ordinances of secession arc backed
up by traitors in arms. These citizens of Louis-
iana, therefore, hold the same legal relation to the
United States that they did before the acts of se-
cession and treason, by men wearing the garb of
State authority, were committed.
The State of Louisiana exists. Its functions
may be in abeyance. All the powers of the State
exist, and ail that is necessary is simply that the
machines y of the State shall be put in motion.
The State itself is like Milton's angels, which—
" Vital in every part,
Cajjnot but by annihilating die.**
