76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to amend the
resolution by inserting those words.
The amendment was agreed to.
'The resolution as amended was adopted.
Mr. WJCKLIFFE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
president's proclamation.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. YEAMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw that motion until I can
offer some resolutions, which may lie over for dis-
cussion at some future time.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for that purpose. *
Mr. YEAMAN offered the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved hy the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That the proclamation of the President of the
United States, of date the 22d of September, 1862, is not
warranted by the Constitution.
Resolved, That the policy of emancipation, as indicated
in that proclamation^ not calculated to hasten therestoia-
tion of peace, vv«ts not well chosen as «i war measure, and
is an assumption of power dangerous! to the rights of citi-
zens and to the perpetuity of a fiec people.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the adoption of those resolutions.
Mr. STEVENS. I yielded that the gentleman
might offer resolutions which were to lie over.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to lay the resolutions
on the table..
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I rise to a point
of order. I would inquire whether the gentleman
from Kentucky did not state that he wished to
offer some resolutions and have them lie over, and
whether the gentleman from Pennsylvania did not
yield with that express understanding?
Mr. HOLMAN. As it seems to have been the
understanding that the resolutions should lie over,
I withdraw my demand for tiieprevious question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I insist upon my motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. Upon that I demand the yeas
and bays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. *
The question was put, and it was dccided in the
affirmative—yeas 94, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Aldricb, Alley. Arnold. Ashley, Babbitt,
Baker, Baxter, Beanmn, Bmqham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake,
BufBnton, Burnham, Campbell, Cuhcy,ClianibeiIam, Clark,
Colfax, Fiedeiiek A Conklma:. Ho'-coe Conkling. Conway,
Covodc, Cutler, Davis, Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton,
Eliot, Ely, Teuton, Samuel C. F«st>enden, Thomas A. D.
Fe^emlen. Franehoi, Fiank, Gooeli, Goodwin, Gurley,
Ilaight, Hale, Hickman, llorton, liutchms, Julian, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kilhngcr, Landing,
Leniy, Lehman, Looims, Lowjoy. Low, Mclvmsjlit, Mc-
Phcr^on, Mitchell, Moorheud, Anson l\ Moiuii. Justin >S.
Moiull, Noell, Olin, Patron, Timothy G. Phelps Pike,
Pomeroy, Porter, Potter, Alexander II. Rico, John H. Kice,
Riddle, "Edward H. Rollins, Saigent. Scdgwiclc, Shanks,
Shollalmrger. Sloan, Spaulding, Steven*, Stratton, Train,
Trimbi'i.Trowbridsre,Vandevor,'Vau IIoin,Venee,Walker,
Wall, Wallace, Washiuirne, Albert S. White, Wilson,
Window, and Worcester—04.
NAYS—Messrs.William J. Allen, Aneona, Baily, Birldle,
Clements, Cox, Crihfield, Cuttenden, Delaplaine, Dunlap,
English, Fouke, Granger,Grider, Hall, Harding, Uanison,
Holman, Knapp, Law, Lazeur, Mallory, May, Maynard.
Menzie*, Morris, Noble, Norton, Odell, Pendleton, Robin-
son, Sheffield, Shiel, Smith, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stiles, Benjamin F. Thuma<, Vallandi^hain, Voor-
hecs, Wadsvvorth, Chilton A. White, Wickliffe, Woodruff,
and Yeaman—45.
So the resolutions were laid on the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were laid on the table, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now insist upon my mo-
tion.
slavery in missouri.
Mr. NOELL. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to yield the floor to enable me to intro-
duce a resolution for reference.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call fortheregularorderof
business. If that course is pursued, the State or
Missouri will soon be reached, and then the gen-
tleman can introduce his bill.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Let us know what
the bill of the gentleman from Missouri is.
The bill was read by its title, as follows: A bill
to secure the abolishment of slavery in the State
of Missouri, and to provide compensation to loyal
persons therein who own slaves.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to the
bill,-but I must insist upon the regular order of
business, because others will want the same priv-
ilege.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object.
The motion made by Mr. Stevens was then
agreed to.
president's annual message.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the President's annual message and
the resolutions referring the same; upon which
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Hutciiins] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. HUTCHINS. History has indisputably
taught what our own statesmen have often af-
firmed: that freedom and slavery are incompati-
ble beyond the hope of reconciliation, beyond the
power of compromise. Thousands, who until
recently only saw this preeminent truth as the
opening vision of the blind man u saw men as
trees walking," have had their eyes so opened by
recent events that they now see it clearly. The
sooner it is regarded as an axiom in our politics,
and practically carried out by the Government,
the sooner we shall be blessed with permanent
peace. Without it, we may have hollow truces,
treacherous compromises, and a deceitful peace—
nothing more. Liberty is right; slavery is wrong.
One is light; the other, darkness. Such antago-
nism cannot coexist in harmony in any form of
Government, much less in our own.
American libert y, guarded by written Constitu-
tionsandregulated by law, secures to man his just
rights; while American slavery, under the pre-
tense of constitutional authority and legal sanc-
tion, destroys them. Tfie policy under which one
will best flourish must inevitably destroy the other.
Our revolutionary fathers saw this antagonism,
and sought to avoid it by framing a Constitution
for liberty, the principles of which, in the process
of time, they supposed would preserve freedom
and eradicate slavery. And the framers of the
Constitution permitted slavery to exist under State
authority, and there it has remained, gathering
force and power by the advantage it received in
the basis of representation in Congress, and from
this encouragement it has finally demanded pro-
tection outside of the States in which it was sim-
ply permitted to live. Because the American peo- j
pie would not grant that, it has rebelled against i
the Constitution, with a view to overthrow it. j
This was the pretext for this gigantic rebellion;
but the real cause was the insecurity of slavery in
a democratic Government, as it exists under our
Constitution.
Slavery requires a Government where the aris-
tocratic element can have supreme control, be-
yond the reach of popular clamor, beyond the in-
fluence of popular elections. It is the democratic
masses that the slaveholders fear. They dare not
trust the control of the Government in the hands
of those who are not only opposed to the system,
but whose real interests are against it. If proof
were wanting of their criminal intentions, vol-
umes of their declarations and writings might be
quoted which the discussions have produced since
1833. The separation of the slave from the free
States has been in contemplation by the slavehold-
ers since that date, and they have contributed to
an event which to them suggested the hope of sue- ,
cess; and those who have joined in this traitorous j
conspiracy to dissolve the Union have willfully I
and wickedly put themselves outside of the pale i
of constitutional guarantees to slaverv. !
A State institution at war with the General Gov- j
ernment may be lawfully overthrown or destroyed |
by the national authority, if npcessary to preserve i
the Government. Is a man obliged to harbor and j
protecta viper which is stingmgnimtodeath,sim- |
ply because that viper has been warmed into life >
by him upon the supposition that it was harmless ? ]
The opponents of the President's proclamation :
so insist. "Does it not require," in the strong,
and eloquent language of Judge Holt,<s an auda-
city absolutely satanic to insist that the beneficent
provisions of that hallowed instrument, the Con-
stitution, shall be secured to States and people
who are hourly spurning and spitting upon its au-
thority, and who are leading forward vast armies
to overwhelm it, and with it the homes and hopes
of all who are rallying in its defense ?M The Pres-
ident's proclamation distinctly presents this ques-
tion to the loyal people of the country: shall sla-
very, whose supporters have conspired against
the life of the nation, and who arc using slavery
to strengthen their military power, be destroyed,
that the nation, with its free institutions, may live?
This proclamation provides that slavery, on the
1st day of January, 1863, shall cease to exist in
States and parts of States then in rebellion, and
adheres to the policy of compensated emancipa-
tion in the loyal States, heretofore recommended
by the President and approved by Congress.
This important step on the part of the Executive
has been cautiously and deliberately taken upon
a survey of the whole field from las elevated stand-
point, and upon the fullest and most mature con-
sideration of all the arguments for and against the
necessity of it which loyal citizens have presented.
In this measure, the President has had respect
to the past, present, and future condition of the
country. No one questions the sincerity and
patriotism of his motives in the issue of this proc-
lamation, or in the discharge of any other duty
which his position has devolved upon him. His
situation has been more difficult and more respons-
ible than that of any other President from Wash-
ington to himself. He has been perplexed by
conflictmginterests and a contrariety of opinions.
This rebellion, thisgiganticattemptatrevolution,
which, in territorial extent, in the number and
power of those engaged in it, is unparalleled in
the history of nations, has presented new, grave,
complicated, and embarrassing questions—ques-
tions of right, questions of expediency,and ques-
tions of constitutional power, suggesting doubts
and requiring the gravest and most mature con-
sideration. The human mind is too finite not
to make some mistakes under such a mountain
weight of responsibilities. If I were to make any
criticism upon the acts of the President, it would
be that he has erred in vain but^well-intended
efforts to reconcile what in the nature of this
contest is totally irreconcilable, to wit, the conflict-*
ing claims of the friends of freedom and the friends
of slavery. I trust this crisis in his Administration
is passed, and that, having deliberately taken his
position, he will boldly and energetically adhere
to it, and to all other measures, consistent with
the rules of cnilized warfare, which the military
necessities of the hour show to be essential to
entirely crush out^the rebellion.
The proclamation of the President is in thp na-
ture of a military order, having effect in States and
parts of States in insurrection: and its intendment
is to aid in putting down that insurrection, and to
prevent its recurrence by the removal of the cause
of it. As a military order, the constitutional power
to issue it cannot be seriously questioned, for it is
the exercise of the war power by the President—
a power ample enough to cover the purpose of the
proclamation. As a war measure, is this military
order wisely adapted to accomplish the object in-
tended? If it will weaken the resources of the
rebels, it will cripple their power and dimmish
their capacity for resistance. If it will weaken
the rebels, and at the same time strengthen the
Government, it will in a double aspect aid in
crushing the rebellion. I maintain that if carried
out it will weaken in a vital point the rebels, and
powerfully strengthen the Government. Labor-
ers in the Army, laborers in raising provisions and
procuring supplies, are as essential elements of
military power as soldiers, unless the parties car-
rying on the war have the means and the oppor-
tunity of purchasing those provisions and sup-
plies without raising or manufacturing them. The
rebel States have not the means or the opportunity
of purchasing provisions and supplies, and must,
subsist their armies, if at all, by the agricultural
productions of their States. Their laborers are
for the most part slaves; and the same number of
slaves are a greater laboring force than the same
number of free persons in the loyal States, for the
reason that under the barbarism of slave labor a
large majority of slaves, including women and
children, are producers—women and large chil-
dren being full hands in the picking of cotton and
in many kinds of field work; while under the
civilization of free labor, children are educated,
and women are occupied in caring for them* aid-
