1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
WW
: li
This, then, Mr. Speaker, ia the state of things
before lis: the loyal men of these, two districts of
Louisiana, holding unbroken their legal relations
to the Government of the United States, have
elected Representatives to this Congress of the
United States; and the question is, shall they be
admitted? If not, why not? An objection has
been made, though not much pressed, that there
were no vacancies to fill. Vacancies existed by
reason of the failure to elcct at the general elec-
tion, and those vacancies have never been filled.
There is no one occupying a seat m this House
from either of these two districts, because there
have been no persons entitled by law to fill either
of ihem. A case arose in which vacancies should
be filled in pursuance of writs issued by executive
authority of the State of Louisiana. Were they
so issued ?
I do not mean to say that this question is free
from difficulty. It certainly is not. But it Jms
been, I think, quite too summarily disposed of by
gentlemen opposed to the resolutions of the com-
mittee. It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, thatmuch,
very much of the difficulty we have in the discus-
sion of this and similar questions, results from the
attempt to apply to thecondiLion of things in which
we aie placed principles and rules from writers
upon international law that really throw no light
upon and have no just application to that condi-
tion, in many respects sui generis; and for our
guide in which history and public law furnish no
precedents or even strong analogies. No just or
lensonable conclusion can be drawn from the
powers of a military governor, in a territory con-
quered from a foreign enemy, as to the nature and
extent of the powers to be exercised in States or
pans of States rescued from the posession of rebels
in arms against us. Tliisisamilitaryoccupationof
our own territory ;an occupation which has become
necessary by reason of the fact that tbe Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States cannot other-
wise be enforced, and that it is our duty to enforce
them, and the rightof the loyal citizens of Louis-
iana to have them enforced, not merely for our
benefit, but their protection.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what is the object of this
vast movement of oursJ For what are we carry-
ing 011 this war' For the purpose of enforcing
the laws of the United States. Your war has no
other just or legitimate object but the enforcement
of your laws. If these laws are obstructed by
armed force in the State of Louisiana you have
the right to take and to maintain military occu-
pation of that State to remove such obstruction.
You have the right to see that the laws of the
United States are executed in the State of Louisi-
ana.
Do gentlemen say that because of the existence
of armed rebellion in the State of Louisiana we
have no right to enforce the laws of the United
Suites there? Have not we the right to collect
taxes ? Have we not the right to enforce the rev-
enue laws,and the right to conscript soldiers from
the citizens of that State ? Have you not the right,
by ifulitary power, to protect the courts of the Uni-
ted States in the district of Louisiana 111 the exer-
cise of their jurisdiction ? I take this position—
and I fail to see how it call be controverted—that
if you are in the military occupation of this, your
own territory, you hold it for the purpose for
winch the war is waged, for the purpose of up-
holding the jurisdiction and enforcing obedience
to the laws of the United States.
The analogies sought to be drawn from Vattel,
or other writers on public law, as to the military
occupation of a conquered territory from a foreign
State have very imperfect application to the case
before us. 'The Constitution and the laws of the
United States are the supreme law of Louisiana,
out! you are to enforce the execution of those laws.
And I see 110 valid distinction between enforcing
those laws which impose duties and burdens upon
the people and the enforcement of those laws
which guaranty and piotect the rights of the loyal
people of the State, rights springing from us, and
to be protected by us. .
Mr. CONWAY. Was the law under which
these men were elected a law of the United States?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The law
from which the light to elect was derived, and to
be elected, was a law of the United States and the j
suineme law of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I wish j
to make matters clear as I go. I want gentlemen j
who believe that we should enforce the laws of 1
the United States for the collection of taxes and ;
the collection of the revenue in Louisiana, to point
out the distinction between enforcing the laws of
the United States which impose these burdens and
duties upon the people, and the enforcing of the
laws which secure to them the en joyment of their
rights and privileges under the Constitution, and
especially this great and invaluable right of rep-
resentation, of helping to make the laws which
they are bound to obey. Our duty to protect is
as clear as their duty to obey. They are reciprocal
and inter-dependent. _ ;
We may meet this question of the issue of writs
of election in another manner. The question
whether these writs were properly issued or not
is a technical question, and we can meet it by a
technical answer. We may meet the objection
that the writs were not issued by the executive
authority of the State by saying that they were
issued by the only executive authority of that
State which the Government of the United States
or the people in these districts in any way recog-
nize, and which, in matters of highest concern,
they have recognized and obeyed. The writs of !
election were, in fact, issued upon the earnest re- |
quest of the loyal citizens of these districts, and
were responded to and confirmed by them.
But I do not consider the strict legality of these
writs vital to the issue before us. 1 go 011c step
further. I contend, whether these writs were is-
sued by the executive authority of the State or
not, this may be a valid election. I contend that
this provision of the Constitution, as other pro-
visions of statute in relation to this subject, is
within the well-settled distinction between provis-
ions which are directory and those which are es-
sential. I say, under the law of elections, prac-
ticed upon from the beginningof the Government
to this hour, you have gone behind^ the mere
form to get at the substance and truth of the tiling;
and that these safeguards provided by the laws to
secure to the citizens the orderly exercise of the
right of election were never intended to be used
asbarriers to exclude them from their enjoyment.
Let me call the attention of the House to elcctions
whose validity this House has recognized, and
which proceed upon this distinction.
Mr. PORTER. If I understand the gentleman
from Massachusetts, he asserts that, there being^
110 Governor of Louisiana elected ill pursuance of
the provisions of her constitution and laws, the
military commandant appointed by the President,
who luis assumed the title of military governor,
is to be regarded as the Governor or executive
13 "   (
authority of the State within the meaning of that
tuuinui^ Ml     0
clause of the Federal Constitution which provides
that in case of vacancies in the representation of
it State the " executive authority thereof" shall
issue writs of election.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I do not
state the proposition so broadly as that. What I
have said is that we are in the military occupation
of our own territory—a portion of it where the
laws of the United States'luivc been impeded by
an armed force—that we are there to enforce the
laws of the United States, and that it is difficult
to draw a sound distinction between the powers
effective for the enforcement of the laws impos-
ing burdens and dutiesupon the subject, and those
which may bo used for his protection. The gen-
tleman is mistaken in his facts. Mr. Shepleydid
not assume the title of military governor. He was
appointed military governor by the President.
Mr. PORTER. It seems to me that the gentle-
man is at fault in saying there is any law of the
United States, so far as relates to the election of
Representatives in Congress, to be enforced. I he
Constitution says:
'•The times, place*, ami manner of holding election's for
Scnatni:, ami uenn^eiuative^ *na!l prescribed in cacti
State bv the Lcislaiuie thereof; but the Congress may. at
anytime, bylaw, make or alter Michregulations, except
to tile places of choosing Senators.'■
When Congress shall have passed a law pre- j
scribing the time, place, and manner of electing j
Representatives, then the military power may be I
invoked to remove obstiuctions 111 the way of ,
carrying it into practical effect. ;
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The pro- j
vision*>f the Constitution cited by my friend from
Indiana is the one referring to ihcgentral elections
of Representatives, and not to the elections to
fi'I vacancies- It is by 110 means clear that any
legislation of Congress could remove the difficulty.
I n case of vacancies in the delegation of any State*
the Constitution says " the executive authority*
thereof shall issue writs of election to fill suc'h
vacancies.1' The legislation of Congress can not
supersede or modify this provision, and after
legislation, as before, the same questions would
arise as now. Is there an executive authority of
the State within the meaning of this provision?'
Is it sufficientthatthe writ is issued by one claim-
ing to exercise the executive authority, with the
recognition of this Government, and with the as-
sent of the people ? Or is it our duty to go behind
his certificate and action, and inquire, in a case
where there is no conflicting claim or contest, as-
to the regularity of his appointment? And lastly,
supposing that we were satisfied the authority
was not regular, yetifaday was fixed, was known
to all the voters, and the case shows they com-
plied with the notice, and exercised the right of
election fully and freely, must we or ought we to
declare the election void, because the authority
issuing the writ was not regular?
Mr. PORTER. The learned gentleman will see
to what a dangerous conclusion his argument.must
necessarily lead him. The Constitution provides
that" when vacancies happen in the representation
from any State, the executive authority thereof
shall issue writs of election to fill such vacancies.".
There is also, however, another provision as to
Senators,that" if vacancies happen by resignation
orothcrwise during the recess of theLegislature of
any State, the executive thereof may make tem-
porary appointments until the next meeting of the
Legislature, which shall then fill such vacancy.'
The same words—"executive thereof"—are em-
ployed in both cases, so that, from the argument
of the gentleman, it must necessarily follow that
the military governor appointed by the IJresident
may fill vacancies in the Senate of the United
States. Surely 110 one would be willing to allow
such an exercise of power.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I do not
think such a conclusion necessarily or legitimate-
ly follows. There is a broad distinction between
the exercise of an official and judicial judgment in
selecting a Senator and the exerciscof a power in
appointing a day for the people to select their own
Representatives. It has not been,the uniform prac-
tice of the House to hold that these writs shall be
issued by the executive authority of the Stale. I
call attention to the fact that gentlemen have been
allowed to take and now hold seats upon this fisot*
uuder the acts of the provisional convention and
Governor of Virginia. 1 call attention also to the
fact that uniformly elections have been had in
the Territories before their admission into the
Union, and where, therefore, the elections were
held without the action of State authorities.
Mr. PORTER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that that power has
been exerted solely under the third section of the
fourth article of the Constitution, providing that
" new Slates may be admitted by the Congress
in to this Union." Thatclausehas been interpreted
to include the right to have all the officers at the
time of admission necessary to represent the State
in the Federal Congress. .
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Be it so;
but that provision does not abrogate the other pro-
vision of the Constitution, which provides that
the times and places for elections shall be fixed
by the Legislature of tbe State. The practice*
bends the tbim to the substance. The House, by
a lar°"e majority during the present term, determ-
ined "that an election held at a time not fixed by
tbe Legislature of the State, but in the constitu-
tion of' the State, was a valid election, though
clearly a departure from the letter of the law.
The point to which I %vos endeavoring to lead
the House is the distinction between those provis-
ions, formal and directory, and those that I deem
essential; and that the House, in the exercise of
its power to judge of the elections and the retuTOH
of its members, has always felt itself enabled to
"o behind the "letter which killeth to the spirit
which miiketh alive," and to ascertain whether, m
point of fact, there has been a fair election by the
people of the district, having'full opportunity to
vote, and without violence or fraud. And there-
fore if gentlemen differ as to the authority of a mil-
itary governor—or, as I would call him, the pro-
visional governor—of a State, they may still be
satisfied that that was a full and fair notice to the
people of the election, and that the loyal people
