loie
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
of those districts, having had such full and fair
notice, did meet and freely exercise their elective
franchise.
I beg leave to make this farther obvious sug-
gestion to the House: that you cannot expect in
districts like these in Louisiana, or in any other
of the States whose citizens have been in arms
against us, that regularity or that adherence to
the forms of law which you may justly demand in
a State where the operation of the laws has not
been obstructed by force of arms. Irregularities
are inevitable; and this House, under its power
to determine the election of members will see, not
whether all the customary provisions of law have
been complied with, but whether, in point of fact,
there has been a fair and just election. Do stick-
ing-in-the-bark gentlemen tell us the registry law
was not complied with, and that, therefore, this
election is void? It is a fact that this provision
for a registry law for New Orleans was embodied
in the constitution of Louisiana adopted in 1852.
It is also a fact that there were two elections of
Representatives from New Orleans, of members
admitted to seats in this House before any registry
law had been passed. And upon what ground?
Upon the plain ground that you are not to deprive,
the electors of the exercise of tins most impotUwtt
right of representation because there is u failure
to comply with formal provisions of law. Sup-
pose, for instance, the law required a check list,
and a check list was not used in the election, and
yet upon a full investigation of thofacts the House
js satisfied a man was elected by a clear majority,
and without fraud or violence, there can be no
question that, under the power vested in the
House, it would look directly tu the merits of
#10 I'l notion and confirm it.
The distinguished gentleman from Indiana,[Mr.
Vooriiees,] who first spoke upon this subject,
averred that there was great danger from the ad-
mission of these claimants, and in like cases, that
theexecutive authority of this Government would
finally prevail over the rights and powers of the
House. The answer to all «meh suggestions is
to bo found in the fidelity of this House to its
rights, to its poweis, and to its duties; and with-
out such fidelity there can be no safety. It is in
all cases the first and iinal and only judge of the
qualifications, elections, and returns of its mem-
bers; and so long as it holds that power in its
right hand, and exercises it discreetly, firmly,
fearlessly, we need have no fear of the Executive.
The same gentleman suggests that this was not
a free election, because the persons who voted at
the election voted lor the purpose of avoiding ihe
effects of the proclamation of the President of the
United States; or, ns the pi oeimmuion of the mili-
tary governor some what cut lously terms it, to avail
themselves of the u benefits" secured by the proc-
lamation, to wit, the benefits of holding men in
bondage. J beg leave to call the attention of gen-
tlemen to the fact that the proclamation of Sep-
tember 22, nowheie holds out the hope of exemp-
tion from its operation to any district because it
should have a member of Congress; that, on the
other hand, the pioclamation of September is
put upon the distinct ground that it is not a dis-
trict but th«' State which is to bu iepjesented, ami
by an election at which a majority of the vot< is
of a State voted. The suggestion in the procla-
mation of the governor was, therefore, without
*aiUhoiity, unless derived from other source than
the proclamation of September 22.
But ifthat proclamation had contained this
promise in exact, terms, I do not see why loyal
and faithful people ought not desire to avoid the
practical effects upon them, whether legal or ille-
gal, constitutional or in conflict with the Consti-
tution, wise or unwise. That aigument proves too
much. It goes to this extent,"that elections ate
not to be influenced by the consideration that those
engaged m them may thus secure more effect-
ually the protection of the Government. One very
excellent reason wny they should exercise the
elective franchise and send members to tins House
is to (licet tint object.
I put this Cu.sej thui, upon two or three plain
grounds. 1 put tr upon the iriound th.it these men
who are ashing srats in tins Hou.-m' are loyal citi-
zens of the United Stater; that they have been
ejected by loyal citizens of the Uuued States; that
thoy have been tlecicd at an election which was
free; that they ueie electid by numbers, which,
compaicd wi'h othei elections, indicate that tho
people in the districts were in the movement,"and
that it was had m entire good faith, i putit upon
the plain ground, that while you demand of the
loyal people of Louisiana faithful allegiance and
obedience to your laws, and to bear the burdens
of your Government, you should give to them
the inestimable rights which that Government
wasformed to secure to them, without which they
would be subjects and not citizens, slaves and not
freemen. I put it upon the still higher ground,
that, the loyal men in the State of Louisiana who
have not engaged in this rebellion, or have returned
at the earliest moment to their allegiance, have"a
right to come before you and ask that you shall
not permit the mere letter of the law, which to-
day throws upon them all the weight and burdens
of the Government, to stand in the way of the
exorcise of their dearest and most sacred rights,
the rights which bind them to you and make them
of you.
Mr. Speaker, permitme to make one other prac-
tical suggestion to the House; and that is that the
only way in which you can reconstruct this Gov-
ernment is by the cooperation of the loyal men in
the seceded States. If you mean to go a step
further, and try to bring these States under abso-
lute subjection, wipe them out of existence, and
reconstruct them according to your will and pleas-
ure and not their rights, you have taken upon your-
self a task which you have not the power to ex-
ecute, and which, if you had, would result in tho
overthrow of your liberties as well as theirs. No
Government would be a fit instrument for such a
work but a military despotism. History gites
us no hope in such a war. But if, on the other
hand, you expect—as it seems to me every ra-
tional man must expect—to reconstruct the Gov-
ernment with the sympathy, cooperation, and aid
of the loyal men of these States, then 1 ask you,
in the name of prudcnce and of justice, not to shut
the doors of this House against them. Do not,
I beseech you, teach them the terrible lesson that
your powers are effective to destroy, but not to
redeem; to crush, but not to save, meet them at
the threshold; welcome and bless them, as they
seek once more the shelter of the old homestead.
Mr. CRISFIELD obtained the floor.
Mr. PRIOR. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Maryland, I will move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. DAWKS. "I trust we shall not adjourn,
but shall discuss this question until we get'to the
previous question. Gentlemen will bear me wit-
ness that 1 have been exceedingly patient about
this matter.
Mr. CRISFIELD. So far as my own feehngs
are concerned, I would prefer that the House
should adjourn, and I yield to the gentleman from
Missouri to make that motion.
Mr. PRICK, (at five o'clock, p. m.) I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES, f trust that the House will not
adjourn now, but that, if the gentleman from
Maryland is not prepared to address tho House
at this time, he will let some other gentleman go
on who is prepared.
Mr. CRISFIELD. f do notdesire to waive my
i ight to the floor.
Mi. WRIGHT. I desire to make an appeal
to the chairman of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. PRICE. 1 believe my motion is not de-
batable.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This conversa-
tion can only proceed by unanimous consent. j
Air. DA WES. I hope, if the gentleman from
Mai yland does not desire to proceed, he will yield
the floor for to-night to some other gentleman.
Mr. LAW. I move an adjournment.
Mr. PRICE. That motion is already pending.
Mr. EDWARDS. I hope the gentleman from
Mai yland will allow me to present a bill to have
it printed.
Mr. ORISFIELD. 1 have no objection to that, i
[Cues of " Object," and " Oh, no."] i
Mr. PRICE.x" I cannot withdiaw my motion !
for any pus pose. !
Mr. DAWES. I beg the House not to ndjomn 1
at this stage of the proceedings. There are other [
gentlemen who witl occupy the floor to-night, if }
the gentleman from Maryland dues not do%ire to
do it.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
33, noes 4G.
Mi. PRICE I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose that any vote
shall be taken to-night, but merely that the dis-
cussion shall-go on. There are many who arc
anxious to participate in it, and who are willing
to proceed to-night.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman agree that
no other business shall be done ?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly; but let the previous
question be ordered to-night.
Mr. PRICE. Then 1 withdraw the demand for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. WAPSWORTH. I renew it. I am will-
ing that the discussion shall go on to-night, but
1 cannot agree that the previous-question shall be
ordered.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman withdraw
the demand to hear a suggestion ?
Mr. W ADSWORTH. For that purpose.
Mr. DAWES. I do not want to close any-
body's mouth. I agree with the gentleman that
there is 110 more important question than this,and
I have pressed it upon the House with all the
ability I am possessed of.
Mr. WADSWORTH. And I have always
stood by you in doing so.
Mr. DAWES. But I have been driven from
the floor. There are but three weeks left of the
session.
Several Members. Only two weeks.
Mr. WADS WORTH. The Lord be praised!
Mr. DAWES. 1 wish we might address our-
selves to this question and finish it up. I do not
want to take the vote in a thin House to-night. I
know that gentlemen have left under the impres-
sion that no vote would be taken. But let us close
the debate to-night if we can. I submit to gentle-
men that it is no very great hardship for us, by
an houi or two of extra labor, to finish up the dis-
cussion of the case, in view both of its importance
and the importance of the public business behind
it. That is all I ask. 1 am not hero to choke any-
body off.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The demand for
the yeas and nays being withdrawn, the noes have
it, and the House refuses to adjourn. The gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Crisfield] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. CRISFIELD then proceeded to address the
House, and spoke for aboutfifteen minutes. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland to vield for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. CRISFIELD. The House 'only a few
moments a20 seemed leluctant to adjourn; and I
do not wish to press my personal convenience on
members. If it be desirable that the House ad-
journ now, I give way for that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes past five 0'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 17, 1863.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 16th of January, information m relation
to the number of troops raised by the State of
Missouri for local defense, pursuant to the pro-
visions of the act approved February 13, 1862;
which was referred to the Committee oji Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AXD MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOOT presented a petition of sick and
wounded soldiers, praying for the establishment
of a camp-hospital and ambulance corps, for the
pionor care of sick and wounded soldieis; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Miiitia.
Mr. DAVIS presented 0 petition of sick and
wounded soldiers, praying for the establishment
of a camp-hospital and ambulance corps, for the
proper care of sick and wounded soldiers; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
M \ COLLAMER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying for the establish
