18G3.
THE € 0 N GilKSSIONAL GLOBI.
mint of a camp-hospital and ambulance corps, for
the proper care of sick and wounded soldiois*,
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs mid the Militia.
Mr. KING presented the memorial of Henry
O'Reilly and Theodore McNamee, praying equal
1 rivilegcs for all telegraph companies along the
1 igliways of the District of Columbia; which was
lofened to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia. . .
Mr. KING presented resolutions unanimously
adopted at a mass meeting held at the Turners
Hall, in Brooklyn, (eastern district,) New York,
on the llih instant, signed E. Peterson, chairman,
and S. Skitzer, secretary, m favor of the preser-
vation of the Union, the emancipation of slaves,
and the discharge of all disloyal and incompetent
officers from the Army and Navy; which were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs anu
the Militia. . . .
Mr. TXARLAN presented a petition of citizens
of Iowa, praying for the passage of an act ac-
cepting as sufficient ihe proof taken by the agents
of the State of Iowa to sustain the claim of that
State to lands granted by the act of September 98,
1800; which was refeired to the Committee on
Public Lands. . . .
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, piaying for the issue
of coupon bonds, of different denominations, hav-
ing thirty years to run, bearing interest at three
per cent, per annum, to be offered in the market
as the wants of the Treasury may require, and if
not taken at par, that in that case legal tender
Treasury notes may be issued, without interest,
made legally equal to coin in all domestic trans-
actions; which was ordered to lie on the table. ,
Mr. IIOWE presented a petition of citizens of
Missouri, pray mgfor the establishment a camp-
hospital and ambulance corps for the proper care
of the sick and wounded soldiers; which was ie-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair presents resolutions of a
public meeting held in the city of New York which
have been sent to the Vice President,with a request
that he would lay them before the Senate. Ihey
will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
New York, Febimny IfifiS.
Sir : At a very largfi and enthusiastic mooting of the citi-
zi n«5 of New Yoi k, hold at tho Cooper Institute on iho even-
in" of the 7th instant, the subjoined involutions w« o unan-
imously adopiod, and the iber* were appointed a com-
mt(teo"lopie,ent them to the Pie^dent and to both Houses
of Coil'TC-S. - .
In the di-chars^e of* this duty wo herewith present the
resolution-, and u-k tor them joui favoiahlp ooiwidei.ition,
and the piompt action which their ptesMng wipoitanee
seems to demand.
Resolutions*
Resolved, That Flmida can bo,and oucht to be immedi-
ately re^or-d to tho Union, by means of tho organized im-
migration of aimed free labor colonies, who are now ready
to become petmanent ioidcut* in that dtdte, and to insure
permanent loyalty and prosperity.
Resolved, That the same agency is abundantly able to
iPfstoie each and alt oftheirbei States witlim a hnet period
of time, piovtded the Government oi the United States-hall
give suitable encouragement and aid to the emigiantcol-
OIJicsoii'ct/, That this is the mo«t eeouomical, tho most
s-peedv. and tlie most certain method of omtmir the lebel-
51on. ol lestonn? national proapeuty, and repanmg the
damages ot the war. . .
Resolved, Thai Congress should not only authorize but .
request the President to accept the service* of a fUlheient |
number of voiunteei emigrant*- to accomplish these iceults-.
Resolved, That a committee often be appointed hy the
chaiiman of thi> meeting to 110 to Washmston, and present
a oopy of these resolutions to the President and to both
Houses of Congress. WM. O. BRYANT,
W. It. TYLER,
CEPHAS MlAfNEUD,
J. C. H \SELTON.
\VM OGUEX GILES,
WILLIAM SELIGMAN,
LEM BANGS,
E. GEO. sancR,
W. 1>. STRICKLAND.
To Hon. IIamibai, IUmun,
rue President of the bmted States.
Before the reading was concluded— _
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to dispense with
the further reading of that paper. I understand
it to be the proceedings of some public meeting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
suited. , ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the loading be
dispensed with, and that the paper be laid on the
table, unless it is desired to refer it to some com-
^TliVpRESlDING OFFICER. The last reso-
lution is being read. The Chair stated that it was
the request of a committee from this meeting to
present the proceedings to the Vice President, to
be laid by him before the Senate, and read.
Mr. KING. 1 hope they will be read,
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a request often
made by public meetings all over the country,and
if we adopt the practice of reading their proceed-
ings we shall have it very often.
Mr. Kl-NG. I hope the reading will be con-
cluded.   
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The last reso-
lution was being read.
The Secretary concluded the reading.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Alfairs and the Militia,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 538) to re-
organize the corps of engineers, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 49*)) to au-
thorize contracts to be mode with such Slates as
may advance tho pay and allotments of the vol-
untpprs and the militia in the service of the United |
States, direct me to report it back, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass; and I will simply
say that the reason why the bill is not reported
upon favorably is that it would make distinctions
between the troops of the several States in regard
to their pay, and might create ill feeling.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (EL 1!. No.
G99) for the relief of Lieutenant Herman ruorek,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, to
whom was refened the petition of Rosa Renshaw
and Caroline T. Renshaw, submitted a report ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 534) for the relief ot
Caroline T. Renshaw. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same commutes, to
whom was referred the petition of Emma Lucilc
Fuller, submitted a report accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 535) for the rcliefof Emma L. Fuller. 1 lie
bill was read, and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on the Dis
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 578) to regulate places of public amuse-
ment ill the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes, repoiled it without amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (II. K.
No. 707) making appropriations for the construe-
tion, preservation, and repairs of certain fortmea-
tionsand other works ot defense for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1864, reported -u without
amendment. .
Mr. HARDING, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was refened a mcmoiial ot
citizens of the counties of Solona and Napa, m
the State of California, praying for a title to the
Rancho Soscol, reported a bill (S. No. o.S7) to
grant the right of preemption to certain purcliaseis
on the Soscol Rancho, in the State of California,
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
708) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending June 30, 18G4, repoited it
with amendments. _
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on tliolJis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 150) granting authority to
the independent line of telegraph to locate and
construct their telegraph, reported it without
amendment.
IGNATIUS C. MATTINGLY.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Committee on the
Post Office, to whom was referred the bill (U. K.
No 7^9) for the relief of Ignatius C. Mattmgly,
postmaster at Baidstown, Kentucky, have di-
rected me to report it back, and recommend its
pas-io-e i doi.iic that this litllo bill may be put
on its passage now; and I will briefly state to the
Senate what itiifc In December last, Morgan's
forces entered Bardstown, Kentucky,a* d robbed
the post office, among other depredations, W'
took from it #300 worth of postage. stamps.ami-
about ninety dollars of money belonging to tup-
Post Office Department. The bill merely 'pj'OYiaaSj
that the Auditor for the Post Office Department,:
upen having tlwt fa<;t shown to him to his saljts-
faction, may allow that postmaster credit in his
account for what was thus taken. ■
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Sixth Auditorof the Treasury, m the
settlement of the accounts'of Ignatius C. Mat- ■
tino-ly, postmaster at Bardstown, Kentucky, to
allow to him the sum of $390, the amount of post-
age stamps and money accrued from postages be-
longing to the Post Office Department, forcibly
taken from him hy a rebel force under the com-
mand of John Morgan, upon Mattmgly exhibit-
inw satisfactory proof that the amount was taken
from him without complicity, negligence, or de-
ficiency of duty on his part. -
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
POSTAGE ON FOREIGN LETTERS.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom the subject
was referred, reported a joint resolution (b. No.
1*20) authorizing the collection in com of postages
due on unpaid mail matter from foreign countries;-
which was read the first time. , . .
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to explain this joint
resolution in a few words. By treaty we collect
the foreign postages which are unpaid on toieiga
letters coming to this country, and foreign cou.*r
trios collect the postage upon our letters whicB
are sent forward unpaid. In striking the balances
between these accounts, there is a balance against
the United States of about forty thousand dollars
a quarter, or one hundred and sixty thousand dol-
lars a year. That is the amount we collect on
those letters more than they collect on ours, and
which we have to pay over to tlwn. Ordinarily
tins is all very well and there is no loss in it. But
since, the derangement of the currency by the pres-
ent war, and the present state of exchanges, the
Department has to buy gold with which to pay
that balance. It gets to be a pretty severe oper-
ation when it has to pay forty or fifty thousand
dollars a year discount on the paper it receives,
with which to get gold to pay back this balance
of postage. Tiie joint resolution is merely to en-
able the Postmaster General, by an order, when
he may think proper to make it, to have the post-
ages on foreign letters sent to this country paya-
ble in com, to authorize him to require them to be
paid ill coin, justas the duties on the importations
' .. « . _ - .1 J TUot is fhr> nhieet of
of foreign goods are paid. That is the object of
the resolution, and 1 propose to put it on its pas-
sage now. .
Mr TRUMBULL. I have no objection to its
present consideration, but 1 desire to say a word
tI^p'rESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the joint resolution will now be con-
S'Tlnfjoint resolution was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the W hole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This joint resolution will
be understood by every member of the Senate in
a word. The object is to collect the postage on
foreign letters in coin. That will manifestly sub-
ject a class of persons to a great deal of inconven-
ience Where are they to get the com ? A great
many of these letters are written by poor persons,
bv servant girls and others to their parents m the
old country. It will subject them to immense in-
convenience. There is a loss to the Gove, nment,
by collecting money in the currency of the coun-
try, amounting, it seems, to some forty thousand
dollars a year. That is something, it is true; but
the inconvenience would be very great, and, it
amounts to raising the postage. 1 do not think the
savin" in that way is sufficient tojustily t le incon-
venience that will arise. It will cost the parties
twice as much. There is no silver or go d c.rcu-
latino now; and in remote localities it will be ex
ceedmgly difficult for that class of persons| to get
the means of paying then-postage m com 1 think
it will be better to leave the matter as it is. ao
not wish to discuss it. 1 merely want each mem-
ber to understand what the effect is.
