1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not wish to be under-
stood as pressing this resolution hastily. It is for
gentlemen to consider. Perhaps it had better lie
over. If any gentleman moves its postponement
I will not press it at this time.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
it lie on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, risked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 536) to incorporate the insti-
tution for the education of colored youth in the
District of Columbia; which was read twice by
its tide, referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 538)
to guaranty, in certain cases, a republican form
of government; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PRINTING OF THE CENSUS REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Jlcsolred, That the resolution passed by the Senate Jan-
uary 21, 186^, in the following words : " That of the several
parts*of the eighth census there be piloted and bound un-
der the direction of the Superintendent twenty five thou-
sand copies Cor the use of the Senate, and that the *-auie
maybe printed fioni the copv furnMied to the House of
Representatives," be and hereby is rescinded ; and in lieu
thereof, that thousand copies of the same he punted
and hound under the direction of the Superintendent for
Up use of the Senate; and that the same be punted from
6tereot>pc plate*; and that they may be pruned Iroin the
copy furnished to the House of Representatives*.
FRAUDS IN NI5W YORK CUSTOM-IIOUSH.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be request-
ed io uifonn the Senate what  t<«ps have been taken by bun
to investigate the fraudulent transactions in the custom-
house at New Yoik, reforied to in inn I,i-t annual report;
and if any communications to him thereon have been made
by the Sohcitoi of the Treasury, or any officer of the cus-
toms in New York, to transmit a copy of the same to the
dame.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 7(32) to change the
times of holding the circuit and district courts of
the United States for the district of Indiana, in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
DISCHARGE OF STATIC PRISONERS.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted informally an
amendment to be proposed to the hill (11. it. No.
362) to piovido foi tlie discharge of State prison-
ers; which was ordered to be punted.
rKOCUKK.MJENT OF CONTRACTS, ETC.
Mr TRUMBULL. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the bill
(S. No. 473) to amend an act entitled " An act to
prevent members of Confess and officers of the
Government of the United .States from taking- con-
sideration for procuring contracts, office, or place
from the United States, and for oilier purposes."
The only object of the hill is to extend it to agents
of the Government as well as to mcmbeis of Con-
gress. That is all thoie is. it is but two lines,
i hope nobody will object to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the piovisions of the act referred to
shall be so conshued as to embrace any agent or
employeofthe Government of the United States.
The pending question was on the amendment of
the Committee on the Judiciary to strike out the
words '• oi enmioye."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was lenoited to the Senate as amended, .
and the amendment was concurred m. The bili 1
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and it was read the thud time, and passed. i
MICHIGAN JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 move to take up the bill ,
(H. R. No. 207) to divide the State of Michigan
into two judicial districts, and provide for holding; I
the district and circuit courts therein I
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 object to the motion of
the Senatorfrom Michigan. This bill has already
passed the House of Representatives, and there
will be no trouble in securing the action of the
Senate. There is a bill reported from the com-
mittee on the railroad to the Pacific, which has to
go to the other House, which will take but a few
moments to dispose of, and as to which there will
be but little controversy. I should like to bring
it before the Senate for action, so that wc may get
it to the other House at an early day.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to assure my honor-
able friend from California that very little-time will
be consumed on this bill which I have moved to
take up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to amend the second
section of the bill by striking out in the fourth
and fifth lines the words "the third Monday of
June and second Monday of October," and in-
serting "the first Tuesdays in June, November,
and March in each year;"and by striking out the
word " September" in the seventh line of the
same section, and inserting "October." I will
state that since this lull was passed in the House
of Representatives, Congiess has passed a law
changing the terms of the courts there, and it is
necessary, in order to make this bill conform to
the present law as to the terms of courts, that
these amendments should be made.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a very unpleasant
duty that is imposed upon the Judiciary Committee
in regard to bills of this character. It is an un-
pleasant duty to oppose this hill; but I conceive
it is my duty to state to the Senate what this bill
is, and the character of similar bills winch have
been before the Committee on the Judiciary.
Since i have been a member of Congress in the
last eight years, that committee has acted upon
the principle that it would not divide tip the judi-
cial districts of the United States. Application
after application has been made to divide some
of the States mto three districts, and to divide
others into two; but in no instance, I think, has
a bill passed Congress in the last eight years di-
viding up the judicial districts of the country.
There are two reasons why tins principle has
been adopted by that committee. One is the ex-
pense. The more you multiply the courts, and
the places of holding them, the greater is the ex-
pense of the judicial system. This bill proposes
to divide the State of Michigan into two judicial
districts. A bill is also pending to divide the State
of Pennsylvania into three judicial districts; a bill
is also pending to divide the State of New York
into three judicial districts; and if these bills pass,
1 apprehend theie is not a State in the Union from
winch application will not come to divide up tlie
districts, and establish new districts, create new
judges, marshals, district attorneys, and new
places of holding the courts, and all the expenses
attendant upon the courts will be increased. That
is one objection.
The other objection I think is more serious still;
if. ih of i< political ehaiacter. When the United
States courts were established it wa* not intended
that they should be courts for transacting the gen-
eral business of the country, but only to afford op-
portunity to try causes of a particular class, and as
between citizens of the d ilTei en t States where it was
supposed that there might be a local prejudice which
would prevent t he due administration of justice in
the State courts. If you multiply these courts,
and establish a United States court m every con-
gressional di.stiiet, or in small localities, you will
take into these courts the gieat business of the
countiy. Lawyers devise ways by which they
manage to bring their cases in these courts, when
properly they oiurht not to be there. You swell
the business in the Supreme Court of the United
States. The business in that court at this time
is so great that a case is not reached for more than
two years. Cases are now on the docket winch
were thei e a year ago, and will not be reached this
tcim and peihaps not the next; so that in a collec-
tion ease, wheie there is really no defense, by tak-
ing an appeal to the Supreme Com t of the United
States, judgment is delayed from two to three years
as things now are. It amounts to almost a denial of j
justice. You multiply the courts, you increase the I
business, and you wiii introduce into the Supreme
Court a larger amount of business than they now
have, which they are unable to transact within
any reasonable time.
Now, sir, if this bill passes, the other bills will
pass, I appiuhend. As I have said, the Judiciary
Committee under the administrations of Mr.
Pierce and Mr. Buchanan, and since the admin-
istration of Mr. Lincoln, has unifotmly opposed
the dividing up of the judicial system of the Uni-
ted States. The question is whether that commit-
tee is to be sustained or not.
Mr. PESSENDEN. How does the bill come
here?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was reported adversely
by the committee, but it is brought up by the
Senator from Michigan. The Senators from the
States, let me say to the Senator from Maine, are
always for these bills.
Mr. COWAN. Not always.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nearly always. Perhaps
my friend from Pennsylvania will be an exception
as to the attempt to divide that State. Some of the
members of Congress from that State have been
to see me about that bill, and they urge on us the
necessity and convenience that it will be to them
to have three judicial disti icts in the State of Penn-
sylvania. They want a court at Erie  
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him whether there was any exhibit of
the number of cases on the docket, or any state-
ment of that kind ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. In regard to Michigan?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir. This bill has
been urged bythemembeis who have called to
sec me, in private conversation, as a necessity,
because Michigan is a State surrounded by water,
and they want a court over on the western side of
tlie State, on Lake Michigan. I suppose it will be
very convenient to have a court at Grand Rapids,
which is a very flouiishing town or city on tlie
western side of the State of Michigan. There is
a railroad running right through theie to Detroit.
You may pass from Grand Rapids to Detroit at
any time in ten hours. But still they urge that
there is a great deal of maritime business and a
great necessity for a court there. They always
urge these considerations in all the States.
1 should not have taken up the time t have in
regard to this bill but that it will settle a principle.
If this bill passes, I think quite as urgent consid-
erations may bo presented in regard to Pennsyl-
vania and to New York during the present session
of Congress. I think it is because there has been
such a disinclination on the part of the Judiciary
Committee for a series of years to pass these bills,
that we have had so few of them. I think you
will find that there are gentlemen who will want
to be judges and other officers connected with
courts, that will lead to petitions from every State
in the Union, when it is understood that a new
district can be created, piovided that (he applica-
tion is made and the members from the State favor
the application, which they arc very likely to do
from local considerations. It is very difficult to
resist these applications. I do not think there is
any such urgent necessity for this court, that
makes ita matter of public exigency thatitshoulci
be established.
I have said all I desire to say about it. I
should be vety glad undoubtedly to accommodate
my friends from Michigan in this respect, but f
do not think the public interest is to be subserved
by the division of these judicial districts,
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Illinois
expresses his anxiety to settle a principle, but ho
leaves it quite uncertain what that principle is, ami
I am unable to conjecture what it is, unless it may
be that he is opposed toany fui ther modifications
of districts in any place in the United States, how-
ever urgent may be the necessities of the people
for an increase of districts, and howevoi inconven-
ient the present anangemeiits may be. I take it
the Senate is not prepared to settle any such prin-
ciple as that. It is not woithy of the name of a
principle. 1 suppose that the Senate will be willing
to consult the convenience of the vaiious States
and communities where these Fedeial courts are
held, and that they will make just so many dis-
tricts as, in their judgment, are necessary for the
convenience of the people, for the good of the pub-
lic, and no more, and that is all that i ask in this
case.
