THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1862.
New Series No. 6,
rebels. This charge is not true; and many who
make it know it to be false. Jefferson Davis re-
joiced in Mr. Lincoln's proclamations. No man
was more delighted; not even Secretary Chase
nor Senator Sumner. If he and Sumner had con-
sulted in harmony, Sumner's Faneuil Hall speech
would have been delivered without alteration.
Daniel S. Dickinson made delight for the rebels
by his speech on the proclamation, delivered in
New York. The doughty Governors (and 1 do
not mean to includc the d-ovcrnor of Maryland)
would not have been disturbed at Altoona if they
had been in the power of William L. Yancey.
Do would have said to them, " all hail! co-work-
ers for anarchy and the enslavement of the
masses!" The rebels are pleased, more than
pleased, at the proposed degradation of our peo-
ple. If the northern people will submit to incai-
ceration, hopeless incarceration, for the expres-
sion of opinions forbidden by no laws, and while
the courts are embarrassed by nothing but pro-
vost marshals, who will prevent the success of
the rebels—Abraham Lincoln and his abolition-
ists ? Imprison the opponents of the proclama-
tions, and then the distinguished chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, Sumner, and
Simeon Draper, relieved from rebel sympathizers
at home, can move against the rebels! The north-
ern Bastiles have given the rebels confidence in
ultimate success. The Democratic triumphs of
October and November, 1862, have been more
appalling to the confederates than anything which
has transpired since the fall of Fort Sumter. They
feel that a people who will not submit to tyranny
at Washington, and the destruction of the Con-
stitution by Mr. Lincoln and his advisers, will
never submit to an overthrow of the Constitution
by them.
The first proclamation was the " last great act
of the President,"according to Secretary Chase.
AH of the light of his serenadcrs was reflected
from it. It proclaimed all of the slaves nt the
South free, and promised that in one hundred days
the President would let them know who were the
recipients of the blessing. And then the Army
and the Navy of the United States—he did not
exactly say that they would help, but the intima-
tion was that they would help the slaves to assert
the claim to freedom which was given by the
proclamation. Senator Sumner interprets this
paper to be an appeal to the slaves. He thinks
that the South cannot be overcome if her people
are united. He proposes to divide the people of
the South by arraying the slaves against the white
people. This is Senator Sumner's interpretation
of the proclamation. Is it not plausible? Is it
not a just interpretation ? Mr. Sumner is the father
of the plan. Who has a better right to expound it?
It is idle to talk about the Constitution in connec-
tion with this proclamation. The Constitution
is an obsolete idea with all who advocate it; and
everyone of those who advocate it will at length
come to the position of the venerable gentleman
from Pennsylvania. They will, after awhile, begin
to get sick when you talk of the Constitution as it
is and the Union as it was. If State and local
institutions can be destroyed by Mr. Lincoln in
this way, there is no doubt of his right to imprison
men at the North without trial, who oppose his
proclamation against the institutions and prop-
erty of the people of the South. Hence the sec-
ond proclamation is consistent with the first rad-
ical paper. It was made to intimidate and to crush
out the liberties of white men. It is painful to con-
template the barbarity involved in these measures.
What has " brutalized" the abolitionists r An
enlightened people are asked to commend a meas-
ure invoking slaves to the slaughter of women
and children, that the owners of the slaves may
be subjugated ! This may not be intended by the
proclamation; but it seems to me that the inference
is reasonable. If a citizen refuses to commend,
butdenouncesthe measures, he may be guilty of a
" disloyal practice." What is a «• disloyal prac-
tice.*" The plnase is not technical, and cannot bo
found in any stamlaid work. The citizen ought
to have been informed a« to the meaning of thy
6
words. I know that I cannot be guilty of dis-
loyalty, because I know that I never have had a
feeling of hostility to our Government. I would
give everything I have on earth to free it from the
dangers that are present and pressing it, and to
make it permanent and secure. I know I cannot
be morally disloyal. But I would like to know
what Simeon Draper will call a " disloyal prac-
tice." He might get a paper to publish an enu-
meration of the acts which will be regarded as
" disloyal practices." Then the poor white citizen
of this Republic would at least be able, by sub-
mission, to avoid imprisonment. The Bastile is
the portion of the citizen guilty of an offense the
meaning of which is in the breast of Simeon Dra-
per. In the Bastile, where is his appeal from the
opinion of Simeon Draper ? To the Secretary who
lauded the proclamation, or to Abraham Lincoln ?
Where is his appeal against the allegations which
constitute the basis of Mr. Simeon Diaper's opin-
ion ? Where is the old writ of liberty—the habeas
corpus ? Mr. Abraham Lincoln, in his official
capacity, has suspended it; has taken away the
great bulwark of freedom. Let no advocate of
Mr. Lincoln's policy condemn any man for wish-
ing to destroy constitutional liberty in this coun-
try, for he will condemn his co-laborer. It is a
great mistake to suppose that the Constitution is
too weak for the emergency. If the Constitution
is too weak, the rebels are too strong for us under
any plan of operation. The rebels are less strong
when confronted by the Constitution than they
would be in any other way.
By an adherence to the Constitution, we lose
the sympathy of Wendell Phillips, Governor An-
drew, and their style of men. They are not
much better for fighting, at least, than others that
we gain. We may count on at least two good
fighting men, ardently enlisted, for every aboli-
tionist we lose. If the President had adhered
faithfully to the Constitution, and had told the
abolitionists that thei e was no hope for their plan;
that the friends of the Constitution were never
to be throttled by proclamations, he would long
since have seen what Mr. Seward once imagined,
" the waning proportions of this rebellion." He
ought to have adhered to the Constitution, and
never have called upon Congress, nor urged the
border State men to begin a system of emancipa-
tion which would be unjust to the North, humili-
ating to the slaveholding States, and unconstitu-
tional. He ought never to have urged the border
State men a second time to join him m this scheme,
suggesting that he needed their assistance in it to
gain relief from abolition pressure. I was one of
the twenty border State men who gave their views
at length on this subject in answer to the Presi-
dent, in a paper which, I believe, has been gen-
erally read in the country. If Mr. Lincoln is an
abolitionist according to the definition of Wen-
dell Phillips, the Constitution is distasteful to lnm.
Who is a rebel according to the Constitution r
Any man who gives willing aid to the confederate
cause, 1 hold to be a rebel. According to the
Constitution, if he falls in our power he must be
tried by the law. His property may not be con-
fiscated except during his life. By the Constitu-
tion and the laws of civilized waifare, the Presi-
dent may not confiscate any property that is not
used against us. He may confiscate slaves whoie
they are employed against us. He may confis-
cate them, and put them to work for our benefit,
lie has no right to set them free and suppoit them
out of the public Treasury. By his proclamation
ho attempts to take away a vast amount of prop-
erty from the people of the southern States, with-
out law, in opposition to lIvmuW of war, con-
trary to the Constitution, and without knowing
whether it belongs to rebels or to loyal men. Mr.
Lincoln does not know but that the men of Louis-
iana prefer, and always have preferred, our Gov-
ernment, the Union and the Constitution. How
can he know ? There is but one way. Gk them
from under the rebel tumies, and stick to the Con-
stitution in doing it.
The President is controlled by men who have
but one great leading idea. I will not say, as my
friend from Missouri did in the last session of Con-
gress, but one idea, for I believe they have other
ideas: but they have one great leading idea, and
that has almost burst their heads—" slavery is
the sole cause of the war." And we must re-
move the cause. These one-idea men are willing
to give up the white man's liberty to injure the
black man by setting him free. Liberty, in civ-
ilized society, is natural liberty so far restrained
as is necessary to render the amount retained se-
cure. A part of man's natural liberty must be
given up, so that what remains can be permanent.
Every member of society must surrender a por-
tion of his liberty for the good of society in the
aggregate. Under our system of government, less
of the natural liberty of man has been surrendered
than under any other Government which has ex-
isted in the world.
I do not make that declaration in any spirit of
4th of July oratory. I make it after years of de-
votion to our system, and after contrasting it with
that of the governments of ancient times, and of
the modern governments of the world. I say
there has been less of personal liberty surren-
dered by the individual under this Governmentfor
the good of the aggregate than under any other
Government which has ever existed.
No more of the black man's liberty has been
surrended in this country than ought to have been
surrendered for the good of the whole people.. It
is not necessary to restrain the black man in Ohio
as much as it is in Kentucky. In Ohio he has as
much civil liberty as the white man, except that
he has no voice m political affairs. There are not
many in Ohio in proportion to population. I
take it for granted that the people of Ohio know
what is best for society in that State, and they
know that it is best for the whole people that the
black man should be restrained as far as they havo
done it. The two hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand slaves in Kentucky have as much liberty as
the good of society in the aggregate will justify.
If they were transferred to Indiana, the people of
that State would reduce them to the standard of
Kentucky. I mention Indiana in this connection,
because her population is not much greater than
that of Kentucky. In Vermont, the six hundred
blacks may be allowed as much hbeity and priv-
ilege as the whites without injury to society. My
conclusion and firm conviction is that the black
man has as much liberty in the United States as
is consistent with the welfare of the whole people.
Your abolitionist insists upon abolishing slavery
without removing the negro. He says that sla-
very is the cause of the war. Why not say that
abolitionists constitute the cause of the war? But
he will answer like the agrarian philosopher, who
taught that " property is robbery." If there were
no property, there would be no robbers. If thero
were no slavery, there would be no abolitionists.
This is the most plausible argument in favor of
abolishing slavery that I have heard. It is weak-
ened, however, by the reflection that when they
ceased to be abolitionists they would go at some
other mischief.
I do not believe it is profitable or at all incum-
bent upon us to discuss the remote causes of the
war. The immediate cause was secession. Se-
cession is unlawful. There was no just ground
for revolution. Those who got up the secession
movement are answerable for all of the evils which
have flowed from it. Their guilt, however, does
not relieve the abolitionists from a just account-
ability for the mischief they have done. The reb-
els should be made to submit to the Constitution.
The people on our side should submit to the Con-
stitution, and will, for a contiollmg majority are
so resolved.
It is not right to take the writ of habeas corjma
from our people. It is a flagrant violation ot thi
Constitution, and a flagrant violence to liberty, to
suspend this wnt, where the civil tiibunals are
unobstructed. The publicsafety,where invasion
or rebellion is present, may require it. Then the
Constitution provides for a suspension. But be-
cause, according to this rule, it maybe propel
to suspend it in Tennessee, it is palpably absurd
