186B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. Piosident, I should be very glad to have the
support of the Senator from Illinois, and I regret
exceedingly to be obliged to encounter his oppo-
sition to this bill; but sit 11 I must address myself
to the Senate and ask tlx m to consider for them-
selves whether this measure be or be not neces-
sary and proper. Whoever looks upon the map
of Michigan will see that it is almost surrounded
by water, and whoever will take the trouble to ex-
amine the extent of its lake coast will discover
that that extent is notmuch less than thirteen hun-
dred miles. On the east side of our State we have
a lake coast of nearly four hundred miles; on the
west side we have an equal extent; and in our Lake
Superior region a still greater extent of lake coast.
We are surrounded by deep navigable watei*; on
the cast by Lake Erie and Lake Huron, on the
west by Lake Michigan, ant! on the northwest our
boundariescxt .%ml nearly to Fonu-du-Lac,the head
waters of Luke Michigan, and these courts are to
have jurisdiction of all the admiralty cases which
may arise on that whole extent of waters, \v hether
they lie on the cast or west side of the State. I
have long practiced in the circuit court and the
district court of the United States for the district
of Michigan. I know quite well—it is within my
own personal observation and knowledge—that
the excellent and learned distuct judge of that dis-
trict is literally occupied the whole year, early and
late, m hearing and determining cases and in other
matters connected with the discharge of bis duties,
in which he is as faithful a man as I over met with
in my life. He spends his whole time in the dis-
charge of ins duties; and the business is'perpet-
ually accumulating on his hands; and he does all
this service learnedly, faithfully, and well, for the
small pittance of $2,500 a year. I ought not to
say that he does all the business of both of the
courts, for the circuit judge comes and assists in
holding a circuit court there ordinarily twice a year,
but frequently only once a year, and remains t here
not to exceed a week or ten or twelve days. The
great mass of business is thrown on the district
judge, lie ought to be relieved in some degree
from the multitude of cases which he is called upon
to decide, admiialty cases as well as civil cases.
Now, sir, our State is a very extensive State. It
is about two hundred $Fd sixty miles wide upon
the avera<retrom the eastern teethe western waters.
Mr. ANTHONY. Almost as large as Rhode
Island. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWARD. I think it is almost as large
as the Slate of Rhode Island and Providence limi-
tations. I would ask my friend from Rhode Island
whether Rhode Island constitutes a judicial dis-
trict ; I do not know how that is; or is it annexed
to Massachusetts for judicial purposes?
Mr. ANTHONY, Massachusetts is annexed
to Rhode Island.
Mr. HOWARD. Ah ! that is the ease. We have
more lake coast, we have more water coast in
Michigan, perhans double or treble of the coast
that any other State in the Union has. And it
is very essential, as it seems to me, for the pro-
tection of our commerce and the enforcement of
the admiralty juiisdiction on that vast extent of
waters, that there should be more than one court
having admiralty jurisdiction. The new court
which will be created here will have admiralty
jurisdiction on the waters of Lake Michigan on the
east side, and partially on the west side of that lake.
To show that our people feel an interest in this
measure, 1 beg leave to call the attention of the
Senate to a joint resolution that was passed by the
Legislature of my State as long ago as 1357,^in
which they resolved—
" Thar we holiew it to be th" duty of the Confess of the
United riiau-s touividc our Statu into two districts, i expect-
ivoiy cmbiacini; such terrUm v will best promote the in-
terest of out citizens; and that Detroit should be made the
term place of the casein, and Giund Rapids ot the western
district.*'
1 believe that since that time the Legislature
has memorialized Congress upon this subject, or,
at all events, passed resolutions recommending
the sarno measuie. It is a measure in which the
people of our whole State take a deep interest;
and it strikes me that the small addition to the
expense which will be occasioned by this hill is
not a very serious objection. What will it be ?
Simply the salary of an additional district judge
at $£,500 a year, and the salary and compensation
of a maishal, and the salary and compensation of j
a cierk ©f the same court. I do not know what i!
the entire amount of the increased expense will
be, but I venture to say it cannot exceed three or
four thousand dollars a year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is the expense of
a court-house.
Mr. HOWARD. I trust that the Senate will
pass this bill. It is asked for almost universally
by the people of my State; and I think that the
interests of commerce and the interests of justice
require that it should be passed.
Mr. WILKINSON. I dislike to disagree with
the Committee on the Judiciary in regard to this
matter, but 1 do not think that the benefits to be
derived from the establishment of this court on
the eastern shore of Lake Michigan are entirely
confincd to the State of Michigan. I do not think
that it is a mere local bill. This court has the ex-
clusive jurisdiction of all admiralty and maritime
cases. Here are a thousand miles of coast along
the western borders of Lake Michigan, over the
waters of which pass over five hundred millions
of dollars' worth of commerce every year—the
products of the country lying west of and beyond
Michigan, in the States of Illinois, Wisconsin,
Iowa, and Minnesota.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are two courts right
on that lake.
Mr. Wl LKINSON. Not on the eastern shore.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is not a thousand
miles of coast on the eastern shore.
Mr. WILKINSON. There are about seven
hundred miles on the eastern shore of Michigan.
Besides this the jurisdiction of this courtextends
up to the southern coast of Lake Superior—a dis-
tance of two hundred miles or more.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is Grand Rapids any nearer
Superior than is Detroit >
Mr. WILKINSON. Perhaps not. Perhaps
it would not be more convcnientforcommercc on
Lake Superior; but so far as Lake Michigan is
concerned, itcertainly would be more convenient.
1 beheve it to be a necessity. I do not think the
principle laid down by the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee can obtain, particularly in the
western country. That country is growing vastly
all the time, and if you say there are to be no more
district courts established, what is to become of
the future? We make a State out there once in
about u-n years; and yet if you eshihiish the rule
that the chairman of the committee lays down,
that we aro to have no more district courts 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no; you can have one
in each State that is established. I said there had
been no districts divided.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not know that the
time will ever arise in Minnesota when we shall
want more than one. 1 suppose that we shall not
need more. Our State is moie inland than Michi-
gan. We have not the same class of cases grow-
ing out of the maritime law that they have in
Michigan. Perhaps we never shall, if we should
have two million people in that State. But I do
think that this bili is called for by the exigencies
of the case and the peculiar geographical position
of Michigan.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very evident that this bill
is going to lead to a good deal of debate. 1 there-
fore move that all piior orders be suspended, and
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 393) concerning letters of marque,
prizes, and prize goods.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think we shall get a vote
in n very few minutes oA this bill. There is very
little more to be said.
Mr. GRIMES. It was understood that the
bill to which I refer was to conic up, and I legard
it as a bill of national importance, that ought to
take precedcncc of a bill of the description now
under consideration.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not wish to antago-
nize this bill, and if it does lead to a prolonged
debate shall not insist on pressing it now.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us take a vote on this
bill. We are ready to vote.
Mr. GRIMES. There are Senators all around
me who say that they arc going to talk on it—
members of the Judiciary Committee.
Tiie PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Iowa,
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas end nays were ordered; and being
token, resulted—yeas 21, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony,Clark,Coliamcr, Cowan. Doo-
Uttle, Fessendon, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harding. Harlan,
Harris.Kinsc, Latham, Morrill, Rice, Sherman, Ten tiyck,
Tuimhutl, Wade, and Wilson of jMas-iaclnuett*—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, Chandler, Davis, Dixon, How-
ard. llnwe, Kennedy, Lane of Kansas. N«smith, Pomeroy,
Powell, SauUbury, Sumner, 'Purple, and Wilkinson—15,
LETTERS OF MARQttg.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 393) concerning fetters
of marque, prizes, and prize goods; the pendiftg
question being on the amendment of Mr. Grimes
to the amendment reported by the Committee oix
Naval Affairs.
The Secretary read the amendment of the Na-
val Committee, which was to strike out all of the
bill after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the President of the United States be, and is hereby,
authorized, durinc the continuance of the present insur-
rection, to grant letters of marque and reprisal*, and the pro-
vision in the actot Congre&s approved the 26th day of June,
1812, en tilled ciAn act eonccrning lotfrsof nun que. prizes,
and prize goods," and the act of Congress approved the
27th d.«y of January, 1813, entitled 4,An act in addition to an
act concerning letters of marque, prizes, and pnae goods,
are hereby revived and shall he in force in relation to all
that pait of the United States where the inhabitants have
been declared in a state of insurrection, and the vessels and
propeily to then) belonging.
The amendment of Mr. Gnraiss was to strike
out all after the word ft that," and insert in lieu
thoieof:
In all domestic and foreign wars the President of the
United States is authorized t«> issue to private armed ves-
sels of the United cjiatos commissions or letters of marque
and general reprisal in such foun as he shall think proper,
and under the foal of the United States, and make ail need-
ful itdes and resiul.uions lor ihe government and conduct
thereof, and for the adjudication and disposal of the prizes
and salvages made by such vessels.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the honorable Senator
from Iowa will consent that his bill be laid aside
informally, and that we take up the bill which
was pending yesterday mornins: in relation to
appointments of midshipmen, it will take but a
moment to finish it.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Ohio in-
formed us that he was going to debate it.
Mr. DAVIS. I think not.
Mr. GRIMES. He so stated, I think.
Mv. SHERMAN. I have no objection to the
bill mentioned by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, hut the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New Yoi k [Mr. Harris] will give rise
to dubate. If lie withdraws that, 1 shall have no
objection to the bill. •
Mr. GRIMES. I think we had better go on
with the bill before the Senate.
Mr. HARRIS. I withdraw my proposition to
amend the bill alluded to by the honorable Sena-
tor from Kentucky.
Mr. GRIMES. Then we shall have to take
the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAVIS. It will take but a minute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can bedone
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLARK. I think we had better go on
with the bill before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is
made. The question now is on the amendment
moved by the Senator from Iowa to the amend-
ment reported by the committee to Senate bill
No. 393.
Mr. GRFMES. I have a few words to say to
the Senate on the bill now under consideration. I
shall be brief, and endeavor to speak to the sub-
ject in hand. What real objection can be urged
against the policy of granting letters of marque
against an enemy that may not be urged against
the employment of the militia upon land? I can
imagine none. Do not vessels carrying letters of
maique have our commission? Do they not sail
under our flag5 Are they not manned by our
countrymen 5 Are they not responsible to our
laws? Must not their captures be Condemned
under our admiralty laws and in oui own courts?
Doubtless the nations of Europe who were par-
ties to the treaty of Paris in 1855, and who rely
wholly upon standing armies for their support,
would be pleased to enter into treaty stipulations
with us by which we also would place our entire
reliance upon a regular army. Shall we gratify
them in this regard also? Shall we abandon our
militia because they do,and impoverish ourselves
by the support of immense standing armies? If
we will not, if we adhere ^to our traditionary
policy, and rely upon the citizen soldiery as the
cheapest and best national protection, why shall
we not also adhere to our ancient policy m regard
