82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12.
to argue that therefore it should be suspended in
Ohio. What imaginable reason was there for de-
claring it suspended in Ohio when it was done ? I
have been able to assign but one. There may have
been men going about the State arguing before
thepeoplethattheyoughttoelect men to office who
would oppose the abolition policy of the Presi-
dent. It was thought that such men might be in-
timidated, or punished if not intimidated. It would
be best not to discuss the policy of the Adminis-
tration, for fear the people might talse sides against
it. There may have been, and may be, other rea-
sons for setting aside the great writ. But they
have not occurred to me. As long as the people
will retain the power to employ the writ of habeas
corpus, public liberty will stand.
The brave northern Democracy agree with Mr.
Sumner in one thing. I hope they will take no
offense. I mean that they think the rebels cannot
be overcome as long as the southern people are
united against us. They propose to divide the
people of the South, but not in the way of Mr.
Scmxer. They propose to convince the %vorld
that the United States Government will be th_c
same after the rebel armies are whipped that it
was before the rebellion. They propose to show
mankind that our side must go according to the
rules of civilized warfare. They propose to di-
vide the white people of the South, by showing
that our side is humane and just, and vigorous anil
determined. From the bottom of my heart I
thank the Democrats of the North for the noble
stand they have taken against the Administration.
And I think I can safely say that the Union men
of the border States will cooperate with them.
Mr. COX obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. HOLMAN, who moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Bcftin-ton
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Dawes reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the annua! message of the President
of the United States, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
NAVY-YARD SITE.
Mr. BURNHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy bo lequested
to transmit to tins House, at Ills earliest convenience, the
report of the hoard of officers appointed by liim since the
last session, to examine or suivey certain proposed Mtes for
the building of a navy-yard.
RECORD OF TOTES.
By unanimous conscnt, Mr. Row vans was per-
mitted to record his vote in the affirmative, and
Messrs. Cobb and Price to record theirs in the
negative, on the motion of Mr. Lovejoy this
morning to lay the resolution of Mr. Yeaman on
the table.
By unanimous consent, Messrs. English and
Wadswortii were permitted to iccord their votes
in the negative upon the passage of the bill fur the
admission of West Virginia into the Union.
INCREASE OF PAY AND BOUNTY TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to allow certain bounty to private sol-
diers honouibiy discharged from the service, and
to increase the pay of prnates in the Army; which
was read a first end sreond time, referred to the
Committee on Military Afl'sirs, and ordered to be
printed.
ABOLISHMENT 0? SLAVERY IS MISSOURI.
Mr. NOELLasked consent to introduce a bill to
secure the abolishment of slavery in the State of
Missouri, and to provide for the compensation of
loyal persons therein owning slaves.
Mr. ROBINSON objec'.ed.
IXTiSRNAL ItEVENCK.
Mr. CLEMENTS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to amend the act entitled "An act
to provide internal revenue for the support of the !
Government, and to pay the interest on thepublie i
debt," approved July J, 18G2,ar.J for other pui- |
poses; which wm read a first ."tid second time, I
referred to the Committee of Ways and Moons.
And then, on motion of Mr. EDGIiRTON, (at j
a quarter past three o'clock, p.m.,) the Houso !
adjourned until Monday next at twelve o'clock, m. !
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 12, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
' The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate of the 8th instant, information in rela-
tion to what congressional district has more than
two midshipmen at the Naval Academy, under
what law appointed, and by whom recommended;
which, on motion of Mr. Hale, was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, I rise to call
the attention of the honorable Senator from Maine,
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, to a
bill that lias passed the House of Representatives
proposing an amendment to the internal revenue
law. It involves the question of stamps, &c. A
bill has passed the House of Representatives
unanimously, extending the time, during which
stamps may be dispensed with, to the 1st of
March, and making one or two other amendments.
1 desire to know whether that bill will be reported
at an early day , and whether there is a probability
that it will receive the favorable action of the Com-
mittee on Finance. It is a matter of great interest
to the people of distant portions of the country;
affecting, as it docs, the whole subject of convey-
ances. I know that it isa subjcct on which Sena-
tors are callcd every day to give information to
their constituents; and I desire in this public man-
ner to know of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, the honorable Senator from Maine,
whether the measure will leceive the assent of his
committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume there can be
no sort of objection to stating that that proposed
change in the law, deferring its operation so far
as it relates to rendering invalid instruments with-
out stamps until the 1st of March next, was unan-
imously concurred in by the Committee on Fi-
nance, and I presume there will be 110 objection
to it. It does not change the law in any particular
with regard to the imposition of stamps after the
date fixed; but it postpones until the 1st of March
the operation of so much of the law as provided
that instruments not stamped according to law
should be invalid. That is the bill of the House
of Representatives, to which I presume there will
be no objection.
Mr. POWELL. I hope that the bill to which
the Senator refers will be speedily passed. The
portion of the country from which I come is deeply
interested m it. Deeds are made there, and we
cannot put them on record because wo cannot get
a stamp in any direction in any part of that coun-
try.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The operation of the act,
so far as it affects the validity of instruments not
stamped, is already postponed to the 1st of Jan-
uary, so that they are perfectly good and can be
recorded without any trouble. This bill postpones
it still longer. There was an amendmentmade to
the taiiff bill by which that was effected.
Mr. POWELL. 1 was not aware of that. I
looked through the revenue lav/ and I had great
doubts about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We put several amend-
ments on the tariff bill with reference to the in-
terns! revenue bill; and that was one of them.
KSIITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of George
T. Wiggins, for damages on account of the seiz-
ure of the Leigh ton House, in the city of Keo-
kuk, Iowa, by the United States, fur a hospital;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. COWAN presented a-petition of twelve
hundred citizens of Philadelphia, for the passage
of n bankrupt law; which was ordered to lie on
the tab:-.
Mr. ARNOLD pies'.-nted resolutions of the City
Council of '!k city of Newport, tendering to ti1"
Government tV-liar's IJaroor Island, for the
site of the Novai Academy; which were referred
to the Committer' Oil Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented
tho. pctitjou of /■ brrbnni Landing, pit>v ig for a
pension for injuries received while in the naval
service during the war of 1812; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Ordered, That thepetition and papers in the case oftVH- '
liam S. Giant, in relation to supplies fmni-hed by liiro for
the atmy in Arizona, under eontsaet with the War Depart-
ment. and which were seized bv the Texan forces, be taken
from the files of the Senate, and referred to tile Committee
on Claims'.
SOLDIERS' BOUNTY.
Mr. WILSON, ofMassachusetts, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Recolued, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia be, and they arc hereby, instructed to inquire
into the expediency of allowing to the enlisted men now
in the service of the United States, and mustered in heforo
ttie passage of the act of July 5. J8fi2,tlie same advance of
bountv as is allowed to enlisted moil under that act; and
also what legislation is necessary to secure the more prompt
and speedy payment of troops.
VOLUNTEER NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. HALE. I rise to make a privileged mo-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
bill (S. No. 403) relating to appointments in the
naval service was indefinitely postponed yester-
day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
will be entered.
PRINTING OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. ANTHONY. Iam instructed by the Com
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a reso
lution for printing five thousand copies of the Pres-
ident's message, with the reports of the Secretaries,
to report it back without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage. I ask for its present consider-
ation.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to, as follows:
Jlc-.lr.d, That Hv: thousand copies of rl:e President's
mev*ri<*?, '.vuij tho reports of thehoacl^ of Depaitm^ntfc, fco
printed to! ttie use of the Senate, without the documents
accompanying them.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed, by the same
committee, to repoi t back a resolution for printing
extracopiesof the President's message; and 1 ask
for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution. It is as follows:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the Presi-
dent's message and accompanying documents be printed,
omitting the statistical matter, and one thousand copies
with the statistical matter for tho use o( the Senate.
Resolvedfarther, That then; be pianed, m addition,for
the u-e of the heads of the Dep.utmont-. one thousand
eight hundred copies of the mest-aMo of the Pies-dent and
accompanying documents, with tho statistics and maps,
one thousand copies of which for di-tiihution to p.ibiic
hbranes in the States and Territories by the Secretinv
the Interior. Also, two thousand additional copies of the
report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for the use
of his office ; one thousand conin? of the report'of the Com-
missioner ot the Geneial Land Office, for the u*e of h * of-
fice ; five bundled copies ofthe report of tho Commissioner
of Public Buildings, for the ti-c of that office ; five hun-
dred copies of tho reports of the officers in charge of tho
Government Hospital lor the Insane, for the u^eof said of
ficers;rive hundred copies of the reports ofthe Columbian
Institution for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind, for tho
Use of said officer^ ; and five hundiod eopies of the reports
ofthe officers in charge of the Penitentiary for the District
of Columbia, for iljeir u?e.
In oider that the views of tho Secretaiy of the Inteiior
upon the vaiiou* subject-! treated of in these repoits may
bo the moie fully understood,
Be it farther resolved, That &o much of his report be
priit^d therewith u«" relate to the same subject.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the res-
olution, by adding " iivo hundicd copies of tho
report of the Metropolitan Police Board, for the
use of that board."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is the same number
of copies as were printed last year. Some Sen-
atorf* have suggested that there eight to be a larger
number of the full message with the documents;
and some have suggested that thci-e ought not to
be so many of the message without the accom-
panying documents. The commit tee have re-
ported the usual resolution, the same that was
repot r—d Inst year; and I doWre to call the atten-
Inn «>f lhe Semite to if, so ih'U if any Senator
desires any modiiiucuion, he may have ;m oppor-
tunity to propose it.
Mr. II ALE. As the Senate is not full, perhaps
it had better he over until to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is desirable that this copy
