1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
So far as the bill promises any substantial help
in putting down the rebellion without more than
countervailing mischief, it may properly be en-
tertained. But what can it do against the rebel-
lion ? And where is the policy or necessity on
winch it is founded? If Senators think that the
bill can do any good now, I am sure that they
listen to their hopes rather than to the testimony.
"Why, sir, the rebels against whom you propose
to cruise are absolutely without commerce. Pi-
rate ships they have, equipped in England, armed
to the teeth, and unleashed upon the sea to prey
upon us; but there is not a single bottom of theirs
which can afford that booty which is the pay and
incentive of the privateer. It would be hardly
more irrational to try to enlist private armed ships
against the king of Dahomey.
I know it is said that our Navy is too small, and
that more vessels are needed, not only for trans-
portation, but also to increase and strengthen the
blockade or to cruise against pirates. Very well.
Hire them and put them in commission as Gov-
ernment ships, with all the immunities, respons-
ibilities, and character of such ships. There can
be no difficulty in doing this; and,better still, there
will be no drtRculty afterwards. This is simple
and practical.
But, while I see no probable good from the
launching of privateers upon the ocean to cruise
against a commerce which does not exist, and to
be- paid by a booty which cannot be found, I see
ccrtain evils which I am anxious to avoid for the
sake of my country, especially at this moment. I
think that I cannot be mistaken in this anxiety.
It is well known, that according to ancient usage
and the law of nations, every privateer is entitled
to belligerent rights, one of which is that most
difficult, delicate, and dangerous right, the much-
disputed right of search. There is no right of war
with regard to which nations arc more sensitive,
and no nation has been more sensitive than our
own, while none has suffered more from its ex-
ercise. By virtue of thts right, every licensed
sea-rover will be entitled to stop and overhaul on
the ocean all merchant vessels, under whatever
flag. If he cannot capture, he can at least an-
noy. If he cannot make prize, he can at least
make trouble, anil leave behind a sting. I know
not what course the great neutral Poweis may
adopt; nor do I see how they can undertake to
set aside this ancient right, even if they smart
under its exercise. But when I consider that these
Powers have already by solemn convention—I
refer of course to the congress of Paris in 1856—
renounced the whole system of privateers among
themselves, I confess my fears that they will not
witness with perfect calmness the annoyance to
which their commerce will be exposed. And now,
sir, mark my prediction. Every exercise upon
neutral commerce of this terrible right of scurch
by a privateer will be the fruitful occasion of mis-
understanding, bickering, and controversy at a
moment when, if I could have my way, there
should be nothing to interfere with that accord,
harmony, and sympathy which are due from civ-
ilized States to our Republic in its great battle
with barbarism. Even if we are not encouraged
to expect these things from Europe, I hope that
nothing will be done by us that will put impedi-
ments in their way. Justly sensitive with regaul
to our own rights, let us respect"the sensibility
of others.
It is not enough to say that we have an unques-
tioned right to issue letters of marque. Rights,
when exercised oui of season or imprudently, may
be changed into wrongs. It was a maxim of an-
cient jurisprudence, Sic utere fito, ul alienum no?i
htdas; and I think that this maxim, at least in its
spirit, is applicable to the present occasion. Our
right may be clear, but if its exercise would injure
or annoy others, especially without correspond-
ing advantage to ourselves, we shall do well if we
forbear to exerusu it.
Thus far 1 have considered that part of the bill
which provides for privateers against the rebels;
but I cannot quit this branch of the question with-
out calling your attention again to the scenes which
must ensue if these privateers are let loose. Pic-
ture to yourselves the ocean traversed hy licensed
rovers seeking their prey. The Dutch admiial
carried a broom at his mast-head as the sign that
he swept the seas. The privateer might carry a
scourge. Wherever a sail appears there must bo
a chase; the signal gun will be fired, and the mer-
chantman must submit to visitation and search.
Delay will be the least of the consequences. There
will be contention, irritation,humiliation,all cal-
culated to engender ill feeling, which, beginning
with individuals, may embrace country and Gov-
ernment. I do not say that such an act, even
harshly exercised upon neutral commerce, will
bring upon us further war; but I would not try
the experiment. The speaking-trumpetof a reck-
less privateer may contribute essentially to that
discord which is the herald of wide-spread war.
But, sir, even if you think it worth while to
authorize privateers against the rebels—to cruise
against an imaginary commerce in quest of an im-
aginary booty \ why not stop theie ? The meas-
ure would not be wise; but it might find a seem-
ing apology in the present condition of affairs.
The bill proposed by the committee, and also the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa, £o much
further. It isa general bill authorizing privateers,
not merely against the rebels, but also against for-
| cgn nations in future wars, in the discretion of
the President. Ilere are the words of the original
bill:
That whenever war exists orha<< been declaied between
the United States and any oilier nation, and during the
present lebeilinn, the Purulent of the United States, is
hereby authorized lo Hsue to pnvate vessel* of the United
Sate- commis-doiin or letteus or niaique andgeneral reprisal
in Mich t'oiin a- he may think pioper.
Mark these words, " whenever war exists." I
am not ready to say that these words give to the
President the power of declaring the existence of
war without the intervention of Congress. But 1
object to the whole clause on account of its gen*
erality. And the substitute of the Senator is ob-
noxious to the same objection. Here it is:
That in all domestic and foreign wars the President of the
United States is authorized to j^ue to private armed ves-
veJa of the United Stale.- commissions or leitc/  of marque
and genet a! reprisal in ^ueh foun as he shall think propel.
Here is a general provision by which the Pres-
ident is authorized to ts.sue letters of marque, not
only to aid in putting down the present rebellion,
but also " in ail domestic and foreign wars" which
may occur hereafter. I do not choose to say that
any such general, prospective provision is posi-
tively unconstitutional, although it is clearly a
departure from (hat tuuhtional policy which the
Senator professes to uphold; but I am sure that
it is contrary to the spirit of the Constitution. To
me it seems obvious that the Constitution con-
templated the special action of Congress on every
occasion for the exercise of this power. This was
the sateiiuard against excess or blunder. Such a
power was nor to be exorcised hastily or incon-
siderately, hut with full and special considera-
tion. It was not to be exercised all at once and
in the lump, but as the exig< ncy occurred in in-
dividual cases. And Congress, which was em-
powered to declare war, was also empowered, in
the same' way and with similar solemnities, to give
to the war this additional featuie, if, under the
circumstances, it thought best. This great power
was not handed over indefinitely to the Piesident,
to be wielded at will by him, but was lodged in
Congress, if Congress is not insensible to the
spirit of the Constitution, it will decline to hand
it over to the President, as is now proposed.
Even m England, where the power to declare
war is lodged with the sovereign in council, it
seems that m point of fact letters of masque are
regulated by special acts of Paihament on the
breaking out of wai. This is stated by Chitty,
in his* work on the Prerogatives of the Crown:
By vaiiou- -talnte-, cnacted during ererywar. the Loud
fliuh Admiral, or the Commis-ioneri of the Admiralty, ai e
c!ii|Knv'!!'(l lo irr mt cromnn-'-ions or. a- they arc al-o called,
letter-o( inatque and tepn-5.il, id the owner- of >hip^, i-n-
.tbhn^ th< m to attack and take the piopei ty ofhi-s Maje^tj V
enemies; wluen -tatuto contain «i!-o vaiiou- piovi-ion-
as to the prue-, ^auluted. (See 29 George il.ih.o-l, 19
f;eo «ie If I, eh 07 ;' la HI,oh. 1IU>; HI,
eh 73 : Mollny, eh. 308.)'"—CkiUy's Prerogative* of the
Cjoich, p 42.
Obviously recognizing this principle, which is so
entirely consistent with reason and that wisdom
which is the strength of States, our country has
thus far in its nihtory declined to pass any gen-
eral prospective law authorizing letters of marque.
This is oui traditional policy, which the Senator
now seeks to overturn. The statute authorizing
letters of marque in 1&12 expired with the war.
It was riot general or prospective, is there any
reason-now that we should depart from this policy'
i-s theie-any good to be accomplished by such
departure? Surely it is strange that at this mofrietit,
when other nations are renouncing pfivate^ring,
we should rush forward and ostentatiously de-
clare it to be a part of our political system, I might
almost say an element of our political life. Pray,
if this declaration were of such importance, why
has it been so Ion* postponed? Generations, Jeal-
ous guardians ot all our national rights, have
passed aw>-ty, leaving the statute-book withotftatfy
such declaration. It did not occur to them t-hut'tfee
national defense or the national honor ieqmrfed it.
And yet now the discovery is made that our pre-
decessors have been all wrong, especially in nftt
announcing to the world that in the event of war
privateers will be let loose.
As there is no foreign war in which we arc flow
engaged, thts provision is prospective and mina-
tory, so far as foreign nations are concerned. It
is notice to all the world to avoid any question
with us, under the penalty of depredations by our
privateeis. If not a menace, it is very like one.
I do not know that it will be so interpreted by
those to whom it is addressed; but I am sure that
it can do no good*, and just in proportion as it is
so interpreted, it will be worse than useless. A
menace is as ill-timed between nations as between
individuals.
1 shall not dwell now on the argument founded
on the irrational character of privateering; bat 1
seize the occasion to declare my deliberate judg-
ment that our country may yet find to its cost that
this cherished weapon is a two-edged sword. *A
nation with an extensive commerce cannot afford
to invite the hazards of its employment. For
instance, in the event of war with a Power in-
ferior to ourselves in commerce, as Portugal, or
Spain, or France, the increased rates of insurance
would make it impossible for us to keep our ships
afloat, while all our profits on the ocean would be
appropriated by those nations which were hap-
pily still fit peace. With our superior commerce
we should be at a disadvantage. For instance, in
a war with Portugal or Spain, we should stake
gold againstcopper,andevenin a war with France,
it would be gold against silver. If this prospect
pleases Senators, then they will vote for a meas-
ure which may be called, privateering made easy;
or, how to do It without Congress.
1 shall not dwell on the argument founded on
the immorality and brutality which are too natu-
rally engendered by a system whose inspiration is
derived from booty, lie re I content myself with
quoting the words ofGencial Hal!eck,in his excel-
lent Summary of International Law:
" 15ni < veil wiih ihe-e precautions, pi ivateering is usually
accompanied hy alm-e.-, and enoimoiis exce->os. The use
of ptnau er-. oi pnvate aimed ves-ein under letters of
marque and repn-al ha-oltcn heen di-eu-sed by publicists
and ie\i-\\ rui't-on mtci national law, and has recently heen
made the -irt«)ect <d diplomatic corie<pondence and uego-
Uation between the United States and the principal Euro-
pean I'ower-. Tin- ^eiH ial opinion of text-write!.- is that
pnvaieerimr. though eontiaiy to national policy and the
more enlightened -"pirn of iht> pie-ent age.ii*,noveiUielcss,
allowable muter the yem mI iiiIiw ot international law. It
leads lo the icoul crics-.cs ami aimcs„ and has a conupting
influence upon all who en^a^e in it, but eannot he punched
a-a hieach of ihc lawot nations. The cnJi°Mencd opinion
of the itorhf is decidedly in Javor of abolishing it, and
lecent event- lead to the hope that all the commercial na-
tion- of bo.ii hemi-pfn-re-J will unite in nolongei resorting,
m time oS war, to -o haibarous a piaetice."—Halleck's
International Law, pp 1,392.
But there is another American authority that I
ought not to omit. 1 refer to Chancellor Kent,
who, in his much-quoted Commentaries, has re-
corded his judgment. If 1 chose to cross the
ocean, 1 might add infinitely to this testimony; but
I prefer to confine myself to our own country-
men, so that you shall see privateering as judged
by Amcucans. Here are the wotds of the great
jurist:
c<Av a nece^ary precaution against abu>e,the owner*of
privateei- air requited, b\ the otdmance* ot the commer-
cial States, to «ue adequate eecuiity that they will conduct
the ciuise aecoidmtrio the law-: and usages of war and the
nonaction* or' the Government, and that they will fv«ard
the ii^ht- ot neutiaUaud brim* their prizes in tor adjudica-
tion. The-e cheek- are e-.-ettt/a! to the character and safety
ot eiaiuune nations. Pncatcciingaindei all the restriction*
tchuh unit/ hate Keen adopted* a very lin'ite to abuse. The
object i> not tame or clnvalrlc waifare. but. plunder and
piofit The di-etpltiie of the crews i* not apt to he ofiiw
higher order. a\u\ piiralens arc often %uilty of enormous
crct&sci, and become tlw scourge of neutral commerce. They
are Mmietimes manned and otiieered hy foreigner?, having
no permanent connection with the country, or intoivt in
ii- ean^e. Tbi- \\a.- a complaint made by the United States,
in 1819, m relation toinegularitiesand acts of atrocity com-
mitted hv private aimed vessels mailingundei the flay of
IJucuos Ayres. Uiulet the best regulations, Ike business tends
