84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
gold, and the officers and crew of the United States
ship Sabine, for gallant services.
Mr. WILKINSON gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill providing for the
indemnification of citizens of Minnesota #ho have
suffered losses by the Sioux Indians, in their late
attacks upon the people of that State.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
412) to amend an act entitled "An act to further
provide for the collection of duties on imports and
tor other purposes,''approved July 13,1861; and
an act entitled "An act to confiscate property used
for insurrectionary purposes,n approved August
6,1861; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, asked and obtained leave, to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 413) providing for the extinc-
tion of Indian titles in Kansas, and the removal
of the Indians from said State; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. Ill) explanatory of the eighth section of the
act entitled "An act mt.king appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1863;" which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
BILLS RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 3*27) for the relief of the
beirsand administrators ot John Denham and Geoige Town-
ley, deceased, be ^committed to the Committee on Revo-
iutionaiy Claims.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridgc, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution of the Sen-
ate (No. 108) for increasing the bond of the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
4 The message further announced that the Speak-
er of ihe Liouse of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 365) providing for the admission
of the State of West Virginia into the Union;
A bill (S. No. 405) authorizing the holding of
a special session of the United" States district
court for the district of Indiana; and
A bill (S. No. 406) for the relief of the owners
of the French brig Jules et Mane.
VOLUNTEER NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. HALE. 1 move that the motion I made on
Friday last, to reconsider the vote by which the
bill relating to volunteer naval appointments was
indefinitely postponed, be now taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill was origi-
nally indefinitely postponed, and a motion to re-
consider was entered. The question is on pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the motion sub-
mitted by the Senator from New Hampshire, to
reconsider the vote by which the bill (S. No. 403)
relating to appointments in the nova! service was
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was ngrred to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
before the Senate u the motion to reconsider the
vote indefinitely postponing the bill.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, if I supposed that
the Senate had deliberately considered this subject,
and that it was the deliberate judgment of the
Senate that there should be no interference in the
matter of these appointments, I certainly wouid
not take up the time of the body; but I do not so
believe, ft is a matter that was referred to tiie j
Committee on Naval Affairs, received deliberate
attention there,and, so far as the main features of
the bill were concerned, it had the unanimous as-
sent of that committee. There was some differ-
ence of opinion in regard to the amendment; and
now let me state exactly how that is. The nro-
vision of the Constitution is as follows: '
<> The PresidetitKhali have power, by ami with the advice i
and consent of the Senate, to make treaties, piovided two '
tbml  of the Senate concur. Be shall nominate, and by
nnd w,th the advice ami consent of the Senate shall ap-
point ensbiSjatSm*, mber pua'ue ministers, consuls,
of the Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United
States whose appointments arc not herein otherwise pro-
vided for, which shall be established by law; but Congress
may, by law, vest tlie appomtmentof such inferior officers
as they think pioper m the Picsulent alone, in the courts
of law, or in the heads of Departments."
If these officers of the Navy are not such " in-
ferior officers" as Congress by law may vest the
appointment ofin somebody else, the Constitution
requires that they shall be submitted to the Senate
for confirmation. These officers now number
nearly two thousand. They comprise officers of
various grades in theNavy,upon whose discretion
and fidelity and sobriety depends the very na-
tionallife. There are no officeis that are appointed
under the Constitution who have higher respons-
ibilities devolving upon them than these very offi-
cers. It seems to me that it will be difficult to
bring the mind of the Senate fo the conclusion that
they are such " inferior officers" as by law are
vested in the appointment of subordinate officers
or in the President, without the intervention of the
Senate. It may be sufficient to say that from the
commencement of the history of the Government
down to the present time, the nominations of na-
val officers have been required to he submitted to
the Senate, and they are to-day in the regular
Navy; but here you have this anomaly: more
than three fourths of your naval officers to-day are i
officersofthis class, in the volunteer naval service,
holding their appointments under the Secretary
of the Navy, without any confirmation by the
Senate, while every officer down to a lieutenant
in the regular naval service holds his commission
from the President, with the concurrence of the
Senate. •
Mr. President, the only Idw that has been re-
ferred to, to show that Congress have vested this
authority in the Secretary, is^he act passed on
the 24th of July, 1861, entitled " An act to pro-
vide for the temporary increase of the Navy;'5 !
and as it is very short, I will rend it. It provides: j
"Thatfoi andduimg tlu  present insuriection. the Seere- I
tary of the Navy shall bo, and no i~, hereby, authorized to j
line, purchase, or contiaet lor such veaselV as may bo no- ;
ce^saiy for the temporaiy incrca^o of the Navy of tiic Cm- j
ted Hmtes," &c. j
That is the first section; and the second section is: j
'•'Thatthetempoiory appointment^ made, orwhieh may
be made, by the rfeeretaiy of t!i" Xavy, of acting lieuten-
ants, acting paymasters, acting a—-i-siant ^utgeous, acting
masters, and ma-Heis' mates, are hei^by ratified and con-
finned as temporaty acting appointments, until the letiun
of the vessels in which tlu-y aic respectively employed, oi
until thesiippiefssion of me present insurrection, as maybe
deemed necessary ; and the rate of compensation allowed
for the seveial giadv/s specified ix hereby legalized and ap-
pioved.''
What might have been expedient and proper at
that time it does not follow of necessity is expe-
dient and proper at the present time. What was
our condition at that time ? The Secretary of the
Navy, without any law, had made these appoint-
ments. I do not mean to imply any ccnsurc on
tlie Secretary for that; on the contrary, I think
he did right, exactly light, because he knew the
emergencies of the country, and he took the re-
sponsibility in his own hands. I applaud him for
i:. I think he was right; and I think Congress
were right, when they came together, in ratifying
and confirming what the Secretary had done, it
was a time of great emergency." The rebellion
had broken out in a recess of Congress, and the
President and Cabinet were called upon to exer-
cise every function, and to assume every authoi-
ity, which the safety and salvation of the country i
required; and they did it. I think Congress did ;
right in ratifying and eonfirmingtheir action; and
i am not certain that they did not do right in going 1
further and confirming what he might thereafter
do; because Congress were called together to meet
a great emergency, and they did not know what
measures might be found necessary; and with a
generous confidence they, beforehand, ratified and
confirmed not only everything the Secretary had
done, but everything he might do in the matter. \
| But, sir, that time has passed away; and the j
t question is now, whether the Seriate are prepared, |
! Hi the matter of appointments in the naval ser- j
vice, to abdicate, to abandon, to give up the sup-n*- .
yisory power which the Constitution has placed
in them, anu to leave everything to the discretion
of the Secretary. I do not mean to be understood
as implying the slightest censure upon or the
slightest distrust of the Secretary m this matter.
I would not trust any man that God ever made
to e-x«rds5 a discretion which the Constitution
had devolved upon me, and which I had sworn to
exercise. Let me say, Mr. President, that I think
it is one of the evil tendencies of the times that
the Senate and the Congress are too much dis-
posed to let go the rightful authority and control
which, by the Constitution, is vested in them. 1
know,as well as anybody can tell me, that a state
ot war brings with it a new state of things, new
duties and new dangers. I know,as well as any-
body, that in time of war the Executive has the
right, and it is his duty, to assume great powers,
powers that would not be tolerated for a moment
in time of peacc; and I am willing, as far as the
public necessity goes, to yield to that. I am will-
ing to give my confidence as freely, where the
country demands it, as any member of the Senate.
But, sir, in cases where there is no public emer-
gency, in cases where there is no necessity, in
cases where the provisions of the Constitution
are clear, imperative, and unmistakable, i am un-
willing to yield it up to the Executive or anybody
else.
Now, sir, here are these men, eighteen or nine-
teen hundred of them, commanding your vessels
in various places, exercising high trusts, and all
that this bill asks of you is to apply to them the
same rule, exactly, that you apply to the regular
Navy, it has been said that it will be inconven-
ient, that there are a great many of them, hun-
dreds of them, and it will be impossible for the
Senate to look into the cases. Sir, I think if
there is a member of this body who is unwilling,
from the mattei of inconvenience to himself, to
discharge every duty of the Constitution, that
member has no business to a seat upon this floor.
If it is our constitutional duty to act on these ap-
pointments, there is no argument of inconvenience
that can relieve us from the constitutional obli-
gation to discharge it.
Let me ask you, sir, was it intended by Congress
in the act from which I have read, to vest this dis-
cretion ? Did the Congress, by this act of July 24,
1861, undertake to say that for all coming tune lieu-
tenants in the Navy were to be considered such in-
ferior officers as the Secretary of the Navy might
appoint without reference to the Senate ? No such
thing. It is not to be found in the words or in the
spirit of the law of July 24, 1861. All that that
law meant to do was what I have said, and then it
discharged itself; and it strikes me that the duty
remains to the Senate requiring thesenominations
to be submitted to this body. In the Army, quar-
termasters and commissaries, surgeons and assist-
ant surgeons, all have to be submitted to the Sen-
ate, and the aids to the generals also. We started
in the last session with the idea that those aids
were not to be required to be submitted, and they
were multiplied to a very great extent; but before
Congress adjourned at the last session, (hey re-
traced their steps, and required the namo of every
one of the aids to the generals to be sent here.
Now, I desire that the same thing may be done in
this case; and I protest beforehand that, in making
this movement, I am governed by no desne to af-
fect a solitary one of these officers. I do not know
one of them. I aver, again, that I have no desire
in this course to cast any censure on the Secretary,
for I approve what the Secretary has done. I think
he has done right, exactly right, what he uutrhtto
have done, and what he could not but Jo; but
everything having been done thus, now the ques-
tion arises whether wc shall permit lieutenants in
the Navy to be appointed, indefinite in then num-
ber and indefinite in the duration duung which
they arc to hold their office, and to have the com-
mand of three fourths of our great naval force, for
which we are to spend something like §60,000,000
this year, and let that immense arm, tinu light
arm of the national service, be governed and man-
aged by a set of officers over whose appointment
the Senate has no control.
Air. GRIMES. Mr. President, I have very lit-
tle to say m addition to what I said the other day
when this subject was under the considers ion of
the Senate. It seems to me there cannot he any
controversy as to the officers designated in the bill
being such officers as arc provided for in the clause
of the Constitution to which the Senator has re-
ferred. Tney are inferior officers. They are de-
scribed in the act of Congress which has been quo-
ted, under which they arc authorized to be appoint-
ed, as temporary officers. They are fo hold their
plnccs only during the continuance of the present
insurrection, or until the return of the vessels in
