1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
That we have occasion for a law of thte kind
should have been patent to every Senator. There
is not a vessel that sails from out our ports that
is not subject to be despoiled. One ship between
our Atlantic coast and our possessions on the
Pacific has been seized and robbed. Numbers
of our ves§els have been seized upon the high seas
by armed vessels carrying the flag of the party
in rebellion. By the consent of States the party
in rebellion have been allowed to issue letters of
marque and reprisal, to give commissions, that
justify them entering foreign ports and receiving
foreign protection; and we stand here and ques-
tion whether we will send out the men who are
accustomed to the seas, the men who dare adven-
ture, to bring in these vessels of our adversary to
our ports. If we had letters of marque at the
opening of this rebellion, no blockade would have
been run m the Republic, the seas would not have
been infested by rebel vessels destroying our com-
merce and taxing us heavily for insurance upon
every vessel that goes out of American ports.
1 look upon the objection to this measure now
as one that grows out of a wantof what I call the
true war spirit. We at war. It is not worth
while to disguise it; and we are at war with a
powerful adversary. Let us make war, war on
sea and land. I particularly desire this bill to
pass, as far as i am concerned myself—perhaps
my opinion is not participated in by other Sen-
ators—because I believe before Congress by law
will meet again we shall be at war with a foreign
hostile Power; we shall need every vessel that can
be armed and sent out of our ports either by the
Government or by loyal citizens. It will be a
vast mistake if this bill is not passed. The Cham-
ber of Commerce of the city of New York asked
the privilege of sendingouta vessel to capture the
Alabama. They had no power to do it without
theconsont of the Government. Individuals would
have done the same thing. How much have we
lost by it? It cannot be denied that we have the
right to issue letters of marque. It cannot be de-
nied that letters of marque being issued will end
all the difficulty we now have upon the high seas.
It will cost the Government nothing. It is the
employment of our own people with authority
given us by the law of nations, and not denied;
and I cannot understand, except it is upon the
ground that we want no war, why a measure of
tins kind should be opposed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have a woid to say,and
but a word,on this snoject. The reluctance which
aiises undoubtedly, in some measure, in almost
every man's mind in relation to the subject of pri-
vateering is, that it looks like the remains of a
compaiatively ancient barbarism; that it is seiz-
ing the property of citizens or subjects, individ-
uals, pi ivate property, in time of war, and making
of it capture and puze of war.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator will allow
me to ask hnn whether Great Biitain has not
seized private property?
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman will un-
derstand me when I get through. I say the reluc-
tance we have about it arises from that consider-
ation; and it occurs at once to the mind, why is
it that we should ourselves commission people to
go and take the private properly of individuals
upon the seas when we are at war with that na-
tion, when we would not authorize our citizens
to take the property and destroy it which belonged
to the subjects of our enemy on the land? Sir, at
the establishment of the law of Oleron, and before
that, puvnte property of the subjects of the en-
emy on land was taken; it was prize of war. By
the law of nations, each individual of a nation at
war was at war with each individual of the other
nation; and pi ivate property was pait of the prize
of war, and non-combatants were subject to be
taken prisoners of warand killed. That was the
ancient law of war. The progress of civilization
has qualified that; so that now we consider, unless
it is in cases of extreme necessity, that war is not
made upon the private property of the enemy, nor
the persons of the non-combatants taken. That
has been great progress m civilization.
We are apt to feel that we should not do any-
thing in relation to the private property of our
enemies afloat that we would not do on shore.
Left to myself, I would say so, and I believe this
nation, if left to itself, would say so; that there
was no real ground for any distinction between
them; and that the same rule of civilization which
would exempt the private property from being
captured and made prize of war upon land, would
do the same thing upon the sea. The one is equally
moral with the other; the one is equally the prog-
ress of civilization with the other. 1 think so;
and I believe this nation thinks so. But, sir, how
are we situated? Are we permitted to make this
progress in civilization? Have the greatnations
of the world permitted us to do it? If they have,
then we have no excuse for not doing it; but if
they have prevented us, then, I am sure, we have
good reason why we should not do it. That
brings me to the issue. It is not many years
since that our Government, by its regular func-
tionaries, offered the great Governments of Eu-
rope—it is not ten years back; I cannot fix its ex-
act date; but it is within the last eight years 
Mr. SUMNER. About six years ago.
Mr. COLLAMER. Well, it is within eight
years. Our Government offered to the great Gov-
ernments of Europe this proposition: if you wiil
have the same immunity for private pi operty afloat
that you have upon hind, in time of war, we will
agree to it; we propose thatthat shall be so. They
would not do it; they would not permit it. They
would keep up the distinction between private
property afloat and ashore; they would not per-
mit us to ingraft into the law of nations, by way
of general treaty, that they should be put upon
the same footing. Then our way is stopped; the
world has decided against us. They have decided
that this distinction shall continue; that private
properly shall be subject to capture, to seizure, to
be prize of war; it shall continue so, and they
have said to us, " if you call it progress of civili-
zation that you offer, that progress shall not take
place; we will not permit it." That is exactly the
position in which we are placed.
it is said that we ought not, in a time of war, to
continue thisancient usageof privateering by tak-
ing property afloat in that war. Why not? It is
said the progress of civilization by the nations of
Europe is such that we would violate that princi-
ple if we did. Indeed ! Is that the case? Those
very nations of Europe having large fleets at their
control—one of them long claiming to be the queen
of the seas, the monarch of the ocean—will iiave
this property subject to prize, but they will have
it a prize by their great sweeping navies. They
repudiate our idea of giving this pi operty immu-
nity in time of war. They will not have it. They
will have it subject to seizure, subject to capture
and to condemnation; but (hey will have it sub-
ject to condemnation only by the use of large na-
tional fleets by those who always have to sustain
them. They say to us, " as to you Americans,
who do not have and cannot have, according to
the policy and theory of your Government, very
large navies, this property shall have an immuni-
ty as it affects you, because you will have to use
your private shipping; in time of war, and that
you shall not use. We will agree among our-
selves that we will not use it; that private indi-
vidual enterprise shall do nothing of this; but we
shall have the whole of it to the benefit of our
great navy and our national treasury,and you shall
have nothing to do with it. If you presume to
pursue the ancient practice, which was part of this
very maritime law, of seizing private property
afloat in time of war, you shall be branded and
self-bianded in your own Capitol as standing
against the progress of civilization."
Mr. President, this doctrine will not do; it is
not consistent. We have offered the utmost.lib-
erahty; we have been rejected; and now we must
use such means as we have in our hands pursuant
to the usages of our fathers and all the nations of
the world up to this time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Iowa to the amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Aflaiis. The amendment is in
the form of a substitute for the amendment of the
committee, winch is itself m the form of a sub-
stitute to the original bill.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have several amendments
to move now; but I understood there were one or
two Senators to address the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amendment
to an amendment being pending, a further amend-
ment cannot be entertained at this stage.
Mr. IIARLAN. If it is not desirable to pro-
ceed with this bill now, as I infer from Sena-
tors 
Several Senators. Let us dispose of "it now>
Mr. GRIMES. We want to finish it to-uigjit,
Mr. DAVIS. I will give notice now, by rent-
ing it, of an amendment which t shall offer when
it shall be in order. It is to strike out all of thp
bill after the enacting clause, and in lieu thereof
to insert these words:
That the President of the United States- be, and he
hereby, authorized to pay to the officers, crew, ana own-
ers ol such ship or ships as maybe, put regularly into com-
ntfcsiou and the service of the United States, twice th©
amount of the valine of any ship or ships belonging fotlie
States or people now in insurrection against the United
States as may he captured by any ship, to put into their
commission and service.
I merely indicate now that I shall offer that
amendment when the proper time comes. ?
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the present bill,
as reported by the committee, piovides—
Tlmt whenever war exists*., or has ht>cn declared between
the United States and any other nation, and dmingthe pres-
ent t (.-hellion, the President of the United Stated is beieby
authorized to K-ue to private vessel- of the United States
commissions or letters of marque, &c.
Mr. GRIMES. That ip not the amendment
that is und'T consideration.
Mr. DIXON. That I supposed was the amend-
ment repoi ted by the committee.
Mr. GRIMES. But it is not the amendment
now under consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The direct
pending question is on the amendment moved by
the Senator from Iowa to the amendment reported
by the commUjpc, and is in the nature of a sub-
stitute for the committee's amendment.
Mr. DIXON. I ask that the amendment to the
amendment bo read.
The Secretary read it; to strike out all after the
word that," and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
In all domestic and foreign wars the President of the Uni-
ted States if, authorized to issue to private aimed vessels of
the United States commissions or letters of marque and
genetal repiisal in Mich fotm ; ?< he shall think pioper, and
under the seal of the United State?, and make all needful
rules and rejiulittiotiffor the government and conduct there-
of, and i"i the adjudication and disposal of the prizes and
salvages made by t-uch vessels.
M r. DIXON. That, I think, does not very ma-
te i tally change the character of this bill. The pro-
vision is, that m all domestic and foreign ware the
President is authorized to issue to private armed
vessels of the United States commissions, or let-
ters of marque and reprisal. The first idea that
stiikes me with reference to this bill is that there
is no immediate necessity for it. We have no for-
eign war. We are at peace with all the nations of
the woild. Theie is no occasion, therefore, for a
law of this kind wiih reference to any foreign na-
tion; and I would not, by legislation, anticipate
the possible existence of war.
Then, sir, how is it with regard to domestic
war? We are engaged in a war; that is, in hos-
tilities for the purpose of suppressing a domestic
rebellion and insurrection. What is the character
of that war? Why, sir, we are engaged with an
enemy thathas no commerce. Thesouthern States
which have rebelled against thisGovemment have
no commeice whatever. Almost the only use,
therefore, for our Navy in carrying- on that war in
suppressing the rebellion is for purposes of block-
ading. We are blockading their ports; but we
find no commerce against which to wage war, and
our ships are not employed in that manner.
Now, sir, suppose it should be thought proper
and advisable at this lime^p authorize privateer-
ing. What enemy, I ask, will these privateers
fight? Against whom will they wage theii war?
An authonty which has been read to-day states
that there is very great danger in all cases that
t« rivateers will abuse theirprivilego of waging war
against the enemy, and turn it against neutral
vessels. I cannot, for my part, see what enemy
a privateer could fight, and what occupation a
privateer could find at this time, except against a
neutral. Neutral commerce is the only commerce
that could be attacked by privateers. 1 say, there-
fore, there is no necessity for this bill.
But, sir, it may not only be said there is no ne-
cessity, but there is actual danger in adopting a
measure of this kind in time of profound peace
with foreign nations. It seems to me to be fraught
with innumerable evils and dangers. The Sena-
tor from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] to whom I
myself, and to whom all of us listen witii the deep-
est interest, and by whose opinions I am very apt
