THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17.
to be influenced, has made an argument which,
like all his arguments, is of great force, which I
understand to be to this effect: we have proposed
to foreign nations that we will abandon the prac-
tice of seizing private property at sea upon cer-
tain conditions; that is to say, we wiii abandon
the practice of making war against private prop-
erty, provided it shall include all war against such
private property at sea.
Mr. COLLAMER. We proposed to them that
private property should not be subject to be made
prize of war at sea by any force, public or private.
Mr. DIXON. Very well. The argument of
the Senator, perhaps, ought to satisfy us that we
shall not abandon the right of making prize of
property at sea by the issue of letters of marque
and reprisal; but it does not satisfy me that we
ought, m time of peace, to pass a law authorizing
it. I think there is a very great distinction be-
tween the two propositions. If it were proposed
here to publicly abandon the right which this na-
tion may claim, or any nation may claim, in time
of war, of making prize of private property by
privateering, f should not be in favor of abandon-
ing that right; but what do we here propose?
What is the question? Not shall a right of that
kind be abandoned, but shall we now, ata period
when we are at peace with all the nations of the
world, make preparations beforehand for resorting
to this somewhat extreme remedy ? I know it is
said that it is true policy in time of peace to pre-
pare for war; but how prepare for war? By le-
gislation? By anticipating that warmay take place
with foreign nations, and thus providing for the
event? Why, sir, it does seem to me that legis-
lative provisions looking to the possible existence
of a war with foreign nations on the part of any
nation are not wise; and especially ata time like
this. May there not be supposed to be somewhat
of a menace in this bill? Why should we now,
at this precise period oftime, when there is no par-
ticular call for it, when there is no necessity for it,
adopt measures of this kind? 1 am not one of those
who believe that we should, in consequence of our
peculiar national position, abandon any of our
rights or in any way violate our own sentiments
of honor. We ought to assert every privilege and
every right on all proper occasions; butceitainly
the condition of things is such now that we ought
not to bo hasty in bringing forward measures of
this description when, as I believe, no necessity
exists for them, and great evils may result.
That,sir, is my principal objection to this meas-
ure. I think I see danger in it. 1 think it may
be perverted. I think U may be abused. I cannot
see the slightest occasion or the slightest, necessity
at this time for the bill under consideration. With
regard to foreign nations there is none. With
regaid to our domestic situation, it cannot be said
in any way to advance the great object which wc
all have in view, the suppression of this rebellion.
In no sense can it advance that object. There is
no light in which it can be viewed in which,as it
seems to me, it can be seen to aid us in any pos-
sible manner in the suppression of the rebellion.
That being the case, and there being, as it seems
to me, reasons why we ought to avoid everything
of doubtful and uncertain and dangerous policy, I
am not prepared at this time to vote for this bill.
1 have no particular choice with regard to the form
of the proposition; whether it ahull be adopted m
its original shape or in the shape proposed by the
committee in their final amendment does not seem
to me material. I aJioukl prefer very much an
amendment which has been or will be proposed
by the Senator from Massachusetts. I do not
know whether he has yet offered it.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall offer it as soon as it is
in order.
Mi*! DIXON. That amendment looks to the
employment of our commercial marine oronr pri-
vate marine by the Government upon hire for
freight. Ifit shall be found necessary by the Gov-
ernment to use any greater force than we now have
upon the waters; if it shall be found necessary by
the Executive to employ our private marine in
any manner, I am perfectly willing to give power
to the Executive for that purpose. That will ex-
empt us from dangers which need not be here very
particularly pointed out. They arc obvious; they
are visible; and can be seen by all thoughtful men.
I, for my part, would shun them. 1 would lake
a course at this lime which is free from danger.
I would not place the hazard of peace or war, the
possibility, the chance of peace or war with a for-
eign nation at the mercy of privateers, whose in-
terest it is to involve us in hostilities.
Sir, what is privateering? It is only legalized
piracy. Up to about the fifteenth century, when
nations were at war, a sort of piracy both on land
and at sea was allowed, and it was considered law-
ful for private individuals to seize and make prize
of the property of the people with whose Govern-
ment their own was at war. About that time it was
found necessary to prohibit it to this extent, that
it should not be allowed except upon commissions
granted by the Government. That did not alter
the character of the thing; it still continued a spe-
cies of marauding and robbery though legalized.
When this species of private warfare was carried
on, if the party was not commissioned by his Gov-
ernment, then whatever captures he made were for
the benefit of the Government. 1 cannot say that
any measures of that kind taken by Governments
to soften the rigors of this species of warfare have
very much changed its character. It is, after all,
but a species of legalized piracy.
When we are at war with any foreign nation,
if that shall ever unfortunately happen, then it
will be time enough to say whether we will resort
to privateering. I am not prepared to say that 1
would not in that case resort to it. I would not
abandon any right that sye have on that subject.
When that time comes let us meet the question.
That will be the time for legislating with regard
to privateering, in cases of foreign war. Out now,
in this domestic quarrel, which, as I have already
intimated, does not partake at all of naval war-
fare, what occasion is there for us to authorize in
any way, or in any form, or under any restric-
tions, letters of marque and repiisal? I can see
no occasion for it. I see very great dangers to
arise from it. I think those dangers ought to be
avoided; and therefore I am obliged to the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts for the opposition he has
made to tins bill; and I find myself compelled to
differ from Senators fiom whom I very seldom
differ, the Senator from iowa, and, without disre-
spect to him, more particularly the Senator from
Vermont, in whose opinions on questions of this
importance I generally have the satisfaction of
concurring.
Mi. DAVIS. Mr. President, the evils for
which the Senate seem to be attempting to devise
a remedy are not very large, and they are exceed-
ingly well known. There are two or three very
fast ships belonging to the confederates that are
sailing the seas, and are depredating upon our
commerce and trade. There is the Alabama, the
Florida, the Oitcga, and others which are threat-
ened to be brought out. When they are all afloat
they will constitute but a very small number of
ships, and all that is necessary to defend the coun-
try and its commerce against them is to have a
few ships of greater force and strength and greater
speed to pursue them. When that is done, these
pirates upon the seas, if we may call them so, can
be overtaken and captured, and there will bo an
end to the whole difficulty.
It seems to mo that the appropriate remedy to
meetsuch a mishchief as that,is not by a system
of privateering. If the confederate States had a
swarming commerce that covered the seas, or any
portion of the seas, it might bo a very proper lem-
edy to let loose private armed vessels to cut up
that trade and to destroy it; but we all know they
have no commerce. The only vessels they have
are fast iron-clad steamships. If some of our men
of capital and enterprise and adventure would just
goto Glasgow and other ports in Scotland where
ships can be built cheaply, of the most approved
speed and class, and would arm a few of those
vessels, and put them in chase of the Alabama
and these other ships, it seems to me that our ills
would soon have a termination.
What i.s the best mode in which this could be
done? I think it would be this: let the Congress
authorize the President to pay a bounty to any
ships that may put themselves regularly into com-
mission, and into the service of the United States,
and will take the Alabama or the Florida or the
Ortega; and lit the Government pay as a bounty
twice the value of those ships, as an inducement
to have built and put upon the seas ships that will
have enough of force and of speed to oveitake
and to capture them. It seems to me to be a httle
like sending a thousand axmen with their axes
into a prairie to clear a forost, when you commis-
sion a«great number of privateers, or private armed
vessels, and send them after the commerce of a
power, if it may be called a power, that has no
commerce.
As the Senator from Massachusetts remaiked
on Saturday evening, and this morning also, with
great truth, the incentive to privateering is the
booty resulting from the capture. That is the
life-spring of privateering. There is no such life-
spring as that in this case, and there can be none,
because there is no commerce, or will be no com-
merce. All the stimulant, all the object that any
of the ships would have in taking to the seas
would be to capture these iron-clad steam vessels
of the confederate States that are prowling on our
commcrcc. All that is to be done is to devise the
best means and mode of effecting that object, and
which will produce the least collision and the least
danger of confiictwith other Powers, ftappears
to mo that if the Government would take a course
that would induce some of its enterprising citizens
to go and have built iron-clad steam vessels of re-
markable force and speed, and put a fewof them
in chase of these marauders upon the seas, the
whole work would be soon done. But if the other
course is pursued, and letters of marque and re-
prisal are to be issued, and men are to be sent
roving upon the seas with no means of reward
except plunder; no stimulant to enterprise upon
the seas except a desire and a prospect for booty,
and there is nb booty to be had; and they are
clothed with that great and fearful right of visit-
ing the commerce of all neutral Powers—a right
which is as much objected to by neutrals as any
belligerent right that can be exercised—it seems
to me that that state of things would soon pro- .
duce collisions with foreign Powers that would
involve us in war, and that at a time when, I think,
some foreign Powers are already casting about to
find sufficient motive and'excuse for a collision
with us.
Mr. GRIMES. If it be true, as has been stated
by the Senator from Kentucky and the Senator
from Massachusetts, that persons who take outlet-
ters of marque under any law that may be passed
will be impelled to do so by no sentiment of loy-
alty or patriotism, but solely by a desire to ac-
quire booty, to plunder upon 'the high seas; and
if it be also tiue that there is nothing to plunder,
as they also say, as they both admit,' then it oc-
curs to me that there cannot any evil grow out of
the bill if, we .shall pass it.
Mr- SUMNER. May I put the Senator a
question ?
Mr. GRIMES. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says there can
be no evil grow outof the bill if it shall be passed,
because there is no commerce to afford booty.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have not said so.
Mr. SUMNER. He assumes that.
Mr. GRIMES No, sir; I do not assume it.
Mr. SUMNER. You attribute it, then, to some
of us.
Mr. GRIMES. I do.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; and now let me
say, the precise evil that would occur then would
be that these rovers of the sea would be driven to
prey upon neutral commerce, and to involve us
with the great neutral Powers of the world.
Mr. GRIMES. I am exceedingly sorry to have
the Senator from Massachusetts give us so bad an
accountof the citizens of the New England States
where these privateers are generally fitted out. I
cannot concur with him in the opinion that if there
could be no booty, no plunder, as the Senator is
pleased to denominate it, to be secured from the
belligerent party against whom we propose to is-
sue letters of marque, the citizens of this country
will go out and plunder upon the property of the
citizens of other countries.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator allow
me a single word ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe that, next to wrecking,
privateering is one of the most demoralizing pur-
suits that men can engage in. I have it from men
who have lived on the coast of Accomae and other
portions of the coast, where .wrecks frequently oc-
cur, and where wrecking is a business, that the
wreckers take straw and chips, and go and load
them with little leaden anchors, and place them
over certain rocks to lure ships there that they
may be lost. That is one evidence of the deprav-
ity of human nature; and the excesses that result
