1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•February 17,
be very much greater propensity to do that while
they are sailing as privateers than while they are
sailing with our commission ? Those who are now
in our regular service are entitled to one half of
all (hey capture.
Of course I am not as familiar with the class of
men who would be likely to command these pri-
vateer vessels as Senators from another part of the
Union;, bat I think the suggestions that have been
made here are greatly to the injury of that class
of men, and that they do not deserve the reproach
that has been cast upon them. By this bill we
confer the authority, the entire power, on the Pres-
ident to mnke such regulations as he chooses.
"Whether they were made in the revolutionary
war, or what may have been the regulations which
were established in the war with Great Britain in
1812 and 1813, it is not necessary for me to in-
quire. It is enough for me to know that 1 confer
full power upon him to determine, if he chooses,
•-to whom letters of marque shall be issued, the
character of the vessel that shall be employed, the
amount of her armament, the number of men that
she shall carry, the character of stores that she
shall carry, the sea in which she shall sail, and
the description of vessels that she shall take; and
{ have confidence enough in the judgmentand dis-
cietion of the President of the united States,and
of the gentlemen who are associated with him as
Ins constitutional advisers, that they will see to it
that the interests of the Government arc notjeop-
oidized.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Iowa seems to
think that some very severe reproach has been cast
upon a class of men who, he says, come from the
maritime States. I, for one, have intended to cast
no leproach, although I will acknowledge I am
not peculiarly delicate in regard to the character
of privateers, whether found in the State of Con-
necticut or elsewhere; hut I have cast no reproach
on them. I have said their interest will lead them
to a course of "action which might not be such as
wt; should wish to justifyor encourage; and that
is because they are human beings, and not be-
cause they are from Connecticut or Massachu-
setts.
Hut the Senator says that the officcis in our reg-
ular service haven similar interest. U is true they
are entitled to a portion of all they may capture,
in certain cases, while privateers are entitled to
tiif whole. Their whole pay is made up of booty.
They receive no other compensation. Is that true
of the officers of our Navy? Are they wholly
dependent on booty for compensation ? They
ieoi>ivo an ample compensation from the Govern-
ment by regulag,sa(ary, and their crews receive
regular wages, and if they in certain instances
capime prizes, they receive a portion of such
psize. Js that an analogous case to a crew made
up of men who leceive no compensation except
by booty and plunder, commanded by men, also,
who receive no compensation except by plunder
and .booty ?
Ijutjsu, 1 beg leave to read a single word from
Chancellor Kent, on ihe character of privateers:
" Pnvateering, under ail the i<>*tnetu>ns which have
hCMi adopted, is very liable to abuse. The object is not
lame <n eiiivatric wail'aie, but plunder ami profit. The
discipline of the crew is notupt to he ot tho highest order.
The puvaicprs air otten gutltv of enormous except'*, ami
become the scourge of neutin! commerce They aiu^ome-
hiih'S olheered and manned by loieigners having no pciiu.i-
neat eomu'euon with the country or interest in its cause."
That is what i do not desire to see, and shall
not by my vote encourage, until it shall become
necessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa to the amendment of the commit-
tee.
Mr. SHERMAN. When this subject was up
the other chiy, 1 proposed to limit the operation
of' this law to three years, a suggestion which I
believe was assented to by the Senator from Iowa.
I tlcsiie to olFer that amendment now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order at the present time, as there is an amend-
ment to an amendment pending.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will withdraw it for the
present.
Tile amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. J,will now move my amend-
ment as a proviso, limiting the operation of the
law to three years. That has been the custom in
nil laws passed oil this subject m this rountry,
and 1 believe in all others. I propose to amend
the amendment by adding to it the following:
Provided, That the power conferred by this act shall cease
and terminate at the end of three yeais from the passage of
this act.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move, in the first line
of the amendment, to strike out the words 11 in
all domestic and foreign wars," and to insert " to
aid in putting down the present rebellionso that
it will read:
That, to aid in putting down the present rebellion, the
President of the United States is authouzed to is ue to pri-
vate armed vessels of the United States commissions or
letters of marque and general reprisal, &e.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not understand that amendment to be in
order now, the Senate having adopted the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa, in hcec verba.
The Chair will remark that it will be in order
when the bill comes up in the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I supposed it to be in order
now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would have
been in order if it had not been an amendment in
the sccond degree. The question now is on the
amendment as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that open to amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It might be
open to some amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN, (to Mr. Sumner.) Let it be
reported to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I will let it be reported to the
Senate, with the understanding that we shall then
proceed to move amendments to it. I have sev-
eral amendments to oiler.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 will ask the Secretary
to read the bill, as it is very short, as it now stands
amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
lie it enacted, tfo., That in all domestic and foreign wars
the President of the United Stated is authorized to issue to
pi ivate aimed vessoh of the United States commissions, or
letters of umiquc and genoial reprisal, m such form as, he
shall think pioper, and under the seal of the United States,
and make all needful lules and n-gnlatiom, f<u the govern-
ment and conduct thereof, and foi the adjudication and dis-
pell of the prizes and salvages made by such vessels : Pro-
vided, That the authority eonterred by this act shall eea.se
and tei inmate at the end of three years, from the passage of
this act.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I make the motion that
I attempted a moment ago. In line one strike out
the words 44 in all domestic and foreign wars,"
and insert " to aid in putting down the present
rebellion;" so that it will read:
That, to aid in putting down the present rebellion, the
President oi the United Slates is aiuhoi izt-d to issue to pri-
vate armed vest-ols of the United States, See
Mr. President, the question is now precisely
presented to the Senate, whether they will confine
tlua bill in its operation to the war in which we
are actually engaged for the suppression of the
rebellion, or whether they will make it prospect-
ive in character, applicable to some war in the
unknown future 
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator a question.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to finish my sen-
tence. Applicable to some war in the unknown
future; to some country not named; to some ex-
igency not now undeistood; and, therefore, m its
nature, a notice or warning, if not a menace, to
jill countries.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Now may I ask the Sen-
ator a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Excuse me for one moment.
I shall not be long.
This is the precise question: is the bill to be
confined to our own time, to this day, to this hour,
to something which we can see, and to what is act-
ually before us; or is it to bo broadly extended
also to the future, to something which we cannot
see, which is not actually before us, with regard
to which we can have no knowledge, unless we
listen to our fears ?
If the words are introduced as a menace, then
are they out of place and irrational. Suppose any
such words were introduced into the legislation
of Great Britain or France at a moment when they
would be interpreted as applicable to us, who can
doubt the injurious effect they would have upon
public opinion here? A generous, intelligent peo-
ple will not bend before menace; nor can any such
influence affect its well-considered policy, f think
that all history and reason show that such con-
duct would be more irritating than soothing in its
character. Sir, if you are in earnest, as I cannot
doubt, to cultivate those relations of peace and
goodwill with foreign nations which are in them-
selves a cheap defense, you must avoid all legis-
lation which can be misinterpreted, especially
everything which looks like a menace.
Of course I cannot pretend to foresee the future.
I know not that other wars may not be in store for
us; that we may not be called to confront other
Powers in alliance, perhaps, with our rebels, and
to make still greater efforts. All this may come *,
but I trust not. If it does come, then let us meet
its duties and responsibilities like Senators; but
do not rush forward rccklessly, like the Irishman
at the fair with his shillelah readyto strike where
ever there is a head. I do not believe in such
legislation; nor do I believe in any legislation
that gives new facilities for involving the coun-
try in a war, or that is calculated to produce
irritation and distrust. Prepared always for the
future, I would not provoke it. Preparation and
provocation are two different.things. Nor would
I do anything out of season. Ihere was char-
acteristic wisdom in the remark of the venerable
Chief Justice of England, Sir Matthew Hale, when
he said that " we must not jump before we get to
the stile." It seems to me that Senators who are
pressing this bill forget this time-honored injunc-
tion, and try to make their country take a jump
out of season.
If the bill is restrained in its operation to the
present rebellion, it will be relieved of a part of
its objectionable character.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will now ask the Sen-
ator a question. I will ask him, as chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, if we are
not now at the present time threatened with for-
eign complications?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator addresses me a
question as chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations. I can only say to the Senator that
in that capacity I have no information on the sub-
ject whicn is not open to him.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not intend to em-
bark in this discussion. I have said all I desire
to Hay on the subject. I wish to suggest that
there is a great deal of common sense in the com-
mon business of life. The Senator proposes that
we shall be struck first; that we shall wait until we
receive the blow, and then answerback. I under-
stood when I was a boy, and it was stated by ex-
perienced persons in the same thing, that the best
way to whip in a fight was to strike first yourself.
So far as this bill goes beyond the question of our
own domestic difficulties, it strikes at nobody; but
it provides for striking whenever the time comes.
I dislike all this talk about the immorality of
our maintaining war either against our present
adversaries, or any coming adversaries, Because
that war is waged by persons who are not com-
missioned in the Navy of the United States. They
have the warrant of the Government; and that is
a commission to the master and to the ship. "We
need that service now, as the Senator admits; and
before Congress again convenes, in my judgment,
we shali iieed it against foreign foes.
The people whom I have the honor to represent
are perhaps more sensitive upon this subject than
the Senator from Massachusetts; and let me say
they are more intelligent too. They occupy a
position in which they may be commanded to-
morrow; they may be commanded to-day. The
fleet of, it may be, an adversary now hovers over
the coast of California, and through papers offi-
cial in their character, belonging to the French
Government, we are advised that they design in-
terfering with the commerce of the United States
on the western shores of Mexico. The Senator
from Massachusetts is not ignorant of this. Are
we to be called together to make arrangements for
conductinga war against France in case one should
be necessary? Our appropriations will be sufficient
for all the purposes of war, if we only allow our
proper sea marine, the volunteer marine, to have
a chance upon the seas. I have myself always
tiustcd to tlrat as our defense upon the seas, as
our power upon th'e seas*; and in this time of our
trouble, when, because of our troubles, European
