THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
mon catt^c, mid iimong oilier nets have passed'" * *
* x '• one < Tor restraining and punishing persons inim-
ical to us, and directing proceeding* therein ; no person to
supply the ministerial army or navy; to give them intelli-
gence; to entHt, or procure others to enlist m their service j
to pilot their vessels, or in any either way assist thetn, under
pain ot forfeiting his estate, and of an imprisonment not
exceeding tin ee ycais; none to write, speak, or act against
the proceedings of Congres?, or their acts of Assembly,
under penalty of being disarmed, and disqualified from hold-
ing any office,and bcfurthei punished by imprisonment."'
"The situation ofourafT.iirsseems to call for regulations
like these ; and \ should thmk the other colonies ought to
adopt similai ones, or such of them as tney have already
made. Vigoious ones, and such as at another time would
appear oxtraordinaiy, ai> now become absolutely nceessaiy
for prescivinjr our country against the strides of tyranny
making against it."—Sparks's Writings of Washington, vol.
3, pp. 227-2:29.
"The piovm^ia! Conjures?, either distrustful of its powers,
[to prevent the plotting of Tones,] or too much contaminated
with the leaven of disaffection in some ofito member, was
tardy to propose and moie t.irdy to < Tecuto any plans lor
eradicating tiie mischief. Washington expostulated, rea-
soned, urged, till at length asecietcommutec was appointed
to take up and examine suspected persons.—Spaiks's Life
of Washington, vol. 1, p. liSOs
"The committee [of whom GouvciwurMon is was chair-
man] weiedirccted to committosafe custody such pi-rsons
as they should think proper, and to simd them for this pui-
pose into the neighboring colonies wheic the infection of
their influence could not be diffused Journal oj
the New York Provincial Congress, May 19, 23.
u In June, 177$, General Washingion wrote to the offl
cer of a guard detailed to ai restGovei not Franklin, of New
Jersey, and e- coit bun to Connecticut, censunng'him lor
haviug halted at ILicken^nrk." * ~ De-
lays are dangerous; arid should any accident happen, \ou
could never an-wer for your m-glect to our much lnjuind
country.' "—Sparfcs's Writings of Washington, vol. 3, p. 44.
"In July, L77G, Washington wrote to'ihe ^cerei com-
mittee of tlie convention o( the State of New Yoik, uiging
* the necessity of falling upon some measure to remove
from this city [New Voik] and its environs, persons of
known disaffection and enmity to the cause of America.5''
—Sparl;s\* Writings of TVushinaton, vol. 3, p. 470.
i% When Congress assembled in the fail 6t 117G, they
found it neccssaiy to invent General Washington with dic-
tatorial powers. Among these was ' full, ample, and com-
plete power to arrest and confine persons who id use to
take the continental currency, or aic oHhm-wim* di-saffceted
to the American cause; and ictuin to the States of which
they are citizens their names and the nature of theii of-
fenses, together with the witnesses to prove them.'"—
Sparks's fPi itings of Washington, vol. 4, p. 5o0.
Now, sir, it is apparent from all these extracts
that General Washington himself,'and the Con-
tinental Congress,and the congresses of the prov-
inces, to use the phrase that, is incorporated in one
of his letters, all considered this matter of arrest
and imprisonment a legislative question, and in-
volving a legislative power. It was so treated
when the colonies were struggling for their exist-
ence as an independent Power, for the liberties
which they had brought from the mother country
and planted in the wilderness. These feeble col-
onies were struggling with the Philip of the seas
for rights dear to man. General Washington was
at the head of their armies at a time when there
was no different instrument, no prohibition of
powers to the Commander-in-Chief by a written
Constitution. Washington and the men of the
Revolution treated this subject as appertaining
to legislative power, and rightfully. To define
crimes, to declare punishments^ to provide for the
arrest and safo-keepingof criminals,who will deny
to belong to legislation ? if this was a legislative
power, and pertained to the cognizance of the
bodies that were invested with the legislative power
during our revolutionary struggle, how much more
true is that proposition und vr our Constitution.
Sir, let us test this matter by the legislation and
by the exigencies of our own Government and
country. In 1794 there was an insurrection in
Pennsylvania. Congress, in 179*2, had passed a
law authorizing the President to call out the mi-
litia to repel invasion, to suppress insurrection, ;
and to execute the laws of Congress where they !
were resisted by a power too formidable to be !
overcome by the officers appointed ordinarily for \
the execution of (he laws. But the law of "1792
contained this defect: when there was an insur- '
rectton against the Government of the United !
States, or there was resistance to the execution of ;
the laws of Congress, before the President could '
interpose, the district judge of the particular dis- i
trict where the insurrection or resistance existed ;
was required to certify to him the fact; and his i
action, that was often necessary to be prompt to i
make it effective, had to undergo that delay which j
might, in many coses, proye'greatly injurious. j
To obviate that defect* the law o( 1795 was passed; j
and the in tei position of the district judge was dis- |
pensed with by that law, and the President was l
authorized to apply the force at once whenever the
mischief occurred. What could he do? Call out
the militia, notall the militia of theUnited States,
but only as many as the laws of Congress author-
ized. That was the extent of his power. If the
President, the Commander-in-Chief of the armies
of the United States, is clothed with such great
and extensive powers, why did he not apply him-
self to the suppression of the whisky insurrec-
tion ? Why did he invoke the power to pass laws
to aid him in the woik ?
Now, sir, let me recur to the clause in the Con-
stitution which authorizes this war; and it is not
a war in the sense that the term is used by the
Constitution, nor is it a war in the sense that is
imported hy that term in the laws of nations. It
is simply in constitutional phrase an insurrection,
and nothing else. Now, let us see where the
power to suppress an insurrection is vested:
*' Congress shall have power to provide for calling forth
the militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppiess insur-
rections, and repel mvasions."
This is to be done by such forces as Congress
authorizes to be raised, and none others. But
Congress has power to make war, as that term is
used in national law. It may authorize an armed
force to suppress an insurrection, or to enforce
the execution of the laws, or to quell disturbances
in a State against the people of the United States,
but for no other purposes. When these objects
are accomplished, the use of force is to cease, and
the old condition of things is resumed. TheUnited
States is not in such conflicts a belligerent, and can
claim no belligerent rights. If this President of
ours may grasp every power which would enable
him to make the war against the rebellion effect-
ive, what is he but an absolute military dictator?
If he may grasp these powers, where is the ne-
cessity for Congress at all? It is said by all the
writers upon government, and also by the expe-
rience of the world, that some excellencies of gov-
ernment are attained in the highest degree in ab-
solute monarchies or despotisms; and why? All
the powers of government are united; its concen-
trated energy is wielded by a single hand; its power
is not divided or delayed by jarring counsels. The
ruler has nobody to consult but his own will, his
own imperial will. If we were to lay aside all
hope for constitutional liberty when the war is
over, I admit that that mode of waging the war
against the rebellion would be more effective to
bring it to a speedy and successful close; and if we
were to be influenced by that consideration alone,
all the powers of this Government, and every
other power that could be made subservient to-the
waging of th is war, should be wielded by the Pres-
ident alone. If he has this vast power, why does
lie come here and ask Congress for the passage
of laws ? Why did he«not raise armies; why not
build up and purchase fleets; why not enter upon
a general conscription to raise armies; why not
borrow money? Why did he notgoand plunder all
the banks in the United States, and thus provide
himself with an ample fund with which to raise
armies and navies, and carry on this war? Why
did he not exercise these powers according to his
own judgment and will, without other limitation?
His claims to power comprehend all those-things.
I was gratified to hear my honorable and ancient
friend from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] make
one concession to the argument of a Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] a few days ago. He ad-
mitted the distribution of all the powers of our
Government into three departments; and he con-
ceded the important piinciple that neither of the j
departments was to trespass upon the jurisdiction
or the powers of any other; but he came to this
fallacious and illogical conclusion: " Here is the
Senate proposing, according to the resolution be-
fore it, to interfere with the President in the exer-
cise of his executive power." Sir, it is no exec-
utive power.
Mr. HALE, Witt the Senator excuse me for
a moment1
Mr. DAVIS. With pleasure.
Mr. HALE. I wish to set the Senator right,
because he entirely misapprehends the force of
the objection that I took, h was not that the Sen-
ate were undertaking to interfere with the Presi-
dent, but that in entertaining an inquiry as to the
legality of the imprisonment of certain citizens,
they were usurping the functions of the judiciary.
That was the argument.
Mr. DAVIS. I am gratified to be corrected.
Well, sir, what was the President's duty ? W hen
you protest against the proposition of interfering
"on the part of Congress, ought you not still more
actively and efficaciously to have protested when
the President himself has in fact, and most poten-
tially, interfered with the department of the judi-
ciary ? It is made by the Constitution the duty
of the President to communicate to Congress, from
time to time, the condition of the nation, and I
say that it is a legitimate power, and a proper ex-
ercise of it, on the part of the Senate or of the
House of Representatives, at any time and atall
times, to call upon the President for any informa-
tion in relation to the condition of the nation and
the people. In this case I have attempted to show,
and I have shown to my own satisfaction at least,
that this is not an executive but a legislative power;
and that the President of the United States, so far
from confining himself within the pale of his re-
stricted constitutional powers, has stepped across
into the domain of Congress, and there stands
like an armed and imperial dictator, claiming that
every power within that domain has, during the
continuance of this insurrection, centered in and
may be exercised by him. The President has no
more power, as Commander-in-Chief, than the
senior general in the service would have if the Con-
stitution had designated him as Commander-in-
Chief—no more than General Halleck has, ex-
cept the President may supervise his acts—none
more than the commander of any military depart-
ment would have within it, except this, that his
acts may also be supervised by the President.
But, to test the absurd fallacy of the President
claiming such enormous powers, let those gen-
erals attempt to exercise them.
I admit that in many cases the President ought
to exercise this anomalous power for him of arrest
and imprisonment. When he does so, the cases
should be extreme and urgent, too much so to
await the action of Congress. But when he does,
; he impinges upon the legislative department, and
it is his duty, his obligation, to report to it, at the
earliest opportunity, the cases and all their facts—
the State necessity that has impelled him to it.
This power has been occasionally exercised by
Presidents since the adoption of the Constitution;
but never was it claimed asa right before, on the
part of the Executive, so far as I have read and
recollect. General Jackson, as commander of the
army, exercised it during the investment of New
Orleans by the British. He seized there a mem-
ber of the Senate of Louisiana, Louillier, I believe,
and imprisoned him. Judge Hall sent his writ of
habeas coiyus to General Jackson, that the body of
Louillier might be brought up before him, and that
the cause of his imprisonment should be reported
to the judge, that he himself might hear it judi-
cially, and decide, not whether the cause for his
imprisonment was not excused by a State neces-
sity, but whether it was constitutional and legal.
Jackson refused to obey the writ, and was fined
by the jury $1,000. That is the extent to which
the writ of habeas corpus proceeds. It is the great
right of English and American liberty, that any
citizen who is imprisoned may invoke any judge
to issue, to be served upon the person who has
custody of the party making the complaint, to
bring his body before the judge, and to show by
what authority he is held in imprisonment. Now,
sir, I lay down this further position, that when
the writ of habeas corpus is returned, unless it is
shown that there is a valid and a legal cause for
the imprisonment of the party held in custody, it
is the duty, as it would be the will and the pleasure,
of any pure, enlightened, and independentjudge,
to discharge him from his imprisonment, and to
give him his liberty.
in this day of bold and mthless innovation, it
has also been claimed that the right to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus is an executive and not
a legislative power. Is there anything more un-
true than that position? What! a riglu to repeal
a law, to dispense with, to suspend a law tempo-
rarily is an executive power? Sir, what is the
essence and nature of an executive power in our
Government? It is to execute the law, to enforce
the law: not to throw obstructions in the way of
the law,and to defy its execution. Why, sir, this
question was tested two centuiies ago in Engl.uid.
The Stuarts claimed the power to suspend the law,
to dispense with the law; and the claim unci exer-
cise of this high prerogative, even in that monm eh-
ical Government,broughtoneofthem totheblonk,
