1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1027
Governments may seek to take advantage of our
condition, I think full power should be placed in
the hands of the President of the United States,
the executive department of the Government, to
maintain war upon the sea as well as upon the
land.
t The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the adoption of the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES and Mr. SUMNER called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish Senators to under-
stand exactly tlie bearing of the proposition on
which they are to vote, f have moved to strike
out the words " in all domestic and foreign wars,"
and to insert " to aid in putting down the present
rebellion,11 confining the operation of the act to
that purpose which every Senator has surely at
heart, the suppression of this accursed slave-
driving rebellion.
You have listened to the remarks of the Sena-
tor from California, who says that perhaps be-
fore the next meeting of Congress we shall be in
further trouble, and he even went so far as to say
foreign war; but only the other day you listened
to ins elaborate speech in which he directly chal-
lenged war with France. I ask Senators whether
they are now-disposed at this critical moment to
follow the lead of the Senator seeking to carry the
country into foreign war. For myself, I protest
against it. I am for putting down this rebellion,
without playing into the hands of the rebels. Now,
it must be obvious to all that every word at this
moment calculated to draw or drive any foreign
Government into an alliance with this rebellion,
does play into the hands of the rebels. Senators
may lie willing to distract the attention of their
country, to impair its forces, and to help surrender
it to all the uncertainties and horrors of accumu-
lating war. Let me not enter into their counsels.
It is not my habit to shrink from responsibility.
Personal risks I accept willingly. But I am anx-
ious that my country, at this moment of peril,
should not go abroad in search of new dangers,
the only effect of winch can be to increase our
national calamities.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis,Dixon,Harris.Henderson, Uow-
m<(, Howe, Lane of Indiana, I'onieioy, Sumner, Ten Evek,
TiumbuH, Wilson oi Massachusetts, and Wilton ot'Mis-
souri—W
NAYri—-Messr*. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Pootittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster. Grnno«, Har-
ding, Harlan. Kirnr, Lano of ICan«a«, McDoueall, Nc&mith,
Powell. Uice, Sherman, Tuipie.Wade, and Wilkinson—2:2.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move in line seven,
after the word " and," to strike out the words
"make all needful lulesand regulations for the
government and conduct thereof, and for the ad-
judication and disposal of the prizes and salvages
made by such vessels,*'and to insert the follow-
ing:
'/'he provisions of the act of Congress approved on the
20th day of June, 1812, entitled " An aeteoneeiningletterH
ol marque, pi r/e*, and pn/,e goods," and of the act of Con-
gn'fH uppiov<-d on the ,27th day of January, 1813, entitled
"An act in addition to the 'Act concerning letter* of marque,
prize-*, and prize good*,''' aie hereb}' revived and Miall be
in toico in iclation to all that part of the United Stales
where the inhabitants have been declared in a state of in
fcuneetion,and the vessels and property to them belonging.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. SUMNER. It will be observed by the
amendment which the Senate has already adopted,
that the President alone, without the cooperation
of Congress, is empowered to make what are
called all needful rules and regulations for the gov-
ernment and conduct of these privateers, and for
the adjudication and disposal of prizes and sal-
vages made by them. Now, it was not so ordered
formerly. No such large power was ever before
vested in the President. By the statute of June
26* 1812, a system was provided in seventeen sec-
tions for the government of letters of marque,
prizes, and prize goods. These sections relate to
the formalities required from persons applying for
letters of marque; the bonds to be given and the
sureties; how the captured property shall bo for-
feited; the distribution of the prize money; the
distribution of salvage; how tne prize shall be
broughtinforadjudication; regulations concerning
prisoners found on board of prize vessels; instruc-
tions for the privateers; bounty for destroying the
enemy's vessels; instructions to the commanding
officers of privateers to keen journals; how owners
of privateers are punishable for violating the rev-
enue laws of the United States; how offenses on
board private armed vessels are punishable; also
with regard to commissions to the collectors and
consuls upon prize goods; and to what uses they
are to be applied. Here is a statute which, in
itself, is a code containing provisions exclusively
applicable to these important matters, all determ-
ined by Congress in advance; but it is now pro-
posed that Congress shall abdicate, and leave to
the President the power of devising this code and
determining what shall be done on all these divers-
ified matters.
I call attention to one matter which is regulated
in the statute "how offenses on board private
armed vessels shall be punished." It appears
that it is enacted " that all offenses committed by
any officer or seaman on board any such vessel
having letters of marque and reprisal during the
present hostilities against Great Britain, shall be
tried and punished in such manner as the like
offenses are or may be tried and punished when
committed by any person belonging to the pub-
lic ships of war of the United States."
I would ask if it is in the power of the President
merely by regulation to determine how offenses
on board private armed vessels shall be tried
and punished? I take it that Congress must deal
directly with this question. I am sure that it will
be unwise for Congress to abdicate a duty which
belongs to it obviously under the Constitution,
and which in former times it has exercised. Sen-
ators sometimes complain on this floor that great
powers have been assumed by the President; but
unless I misread this bill, they now propose to
confer on him powers large, indeed, beyond all
precedent; in the first place, the power to declare
whether in case of war with a foreign nation let-
ters of marque shall be issued, a power in times
past reserved exclusively to Congress. Hut not
content with this, they seek still further to con
fer upon him plenary powers as legislator and
lawgiver, with regaid to everything to be done by
the letter of marque, and with regard, also, to the
prizes winch may be made. In former times the
French monarch said, "the State, it is I;" but
when we have conferred these powers one after an-
other on the President, I think he, too, may make
a similar exclamation. I hope the Senate will not
confer them.
Mr. GRIMES. When (his subject was first
brought to the attention of the Naval Committee
they proposed to adopt a provision similar to that
which has been suggested by the Senator from
Massachusetts, and in the original bill it will be
discovered that there is a phiasc by which it was
proposed to levive the law of 1812 upon that sub-
ject; but upon a thorough and more minute ex-
amination of the subject, it was found that theie
were a groat many objections to that, growing out
of the change of conditions, the change of judicial
otgamzation and otherwise, between the time that
that law was passed, in lfcijxJ, and this present
year of our Lord 1863; and hence we determined
to confei the power upon the President himself to
settle this question. One would suppose, from
the remarks of the Senator fiom Massachusetts,
that this was a most wonderful and extraoidinary
power to be conferred upon the President; yet
similar powers have been conferred on him ever
since the foundation of the Government.
We have a clause in our statute, made more than
sixty years ago, in which it is declared that the
Secretary of War, with the approval of the Pios-
ident of the United States, may fix any regula-
tions for the Army not inconsistent with any of
the laws of the United States, and that they shall
have the full force and effect of laws; and on the
strength of that provision you have your book
called The Army Regulations. Has ever any-
body doubted the constitutionality of it? On the
contrary, 1 can refer the Senator to several offi-
cial opinions of Attorneys General and the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court in its palmiest days, to
the effect that Congress had the authority to con-
fer upon the President of the United States the
power to determine those regulations. That is
all we propose to do hero* The President may
take the law of 1812 regulating letters of marque
and reprisal as the basts for his regulations; but
I think he will find it necessary to make a great
many additions, crowing out of the change ot cir-
cumstances which has "occurred since" the lime
that law was passed.
The Senator has told us that some Senators are
in the habit of speaking of the extraordinary as-
sumptions of power by the President. Well, sir,
this is a case where we delegate the power, and
we have no right to complain of him for the exer-
cise of that power which we hwe delegated to
him. But it may be possible thai he may assume
power in other cases not delegated to him, and
against which we have a right Jo protest. I can
apprehend no sort Qf difficulty that can possibly
arise out of this grant of power. U is precisely
similar in effect to the power granted to the Pres-
ident sixty years ago, in regard to making regu-
lations for the government of the Army, and de-
claring that they should have the full force and
effect of law; and precisely similar to a law passed,
I think, with the vote o ithe Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, within the last twelve months, author-
izing the Secretary of th Navy, with the ap-
proval of the Presiden of the United States, to
make similar regulations for the Navy organiza-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Iowa has
furnished another good argument against the bill.
He reminds us that in revising the statutes of
1812 they were found in many respects inappli-
cable to the present time, and therefore it was not
expedient to adopt them; and so, sir, he throws
it all into the hands of the President. 1 hope the
Senator will pardon me if 1 suggest to him what
1 think would have been much better, for the com-
mittee who undertook to report this bill to have
matured a bill which should have had provisions
on this subject. In short, that they should have
shown the same care in regard to this question
that was shown by our fathers in 1812. They did
not refer it to the President.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator.will permit me.
I do not want to be misunderstood. The Senator
confounds two laws. Under the act of Congress,
a copy of which I hold in my hand, of the 18th
of June, 1812, the President was authorized " to
issue letters of marque and reprisal in such form
and manner as he shall think proper, and under
the seal of the United States/' &c Some time
afterwards Congress passed the law to which the
Senator has referred; but the Congress of the Uni-
ted States granted to the President the authority
to do exactly what we propose to authorize him
to do, before they passed the law that the Senator
refers to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am obliged to the Senator.
The act declaring war with Great Britain, which
authorized the issue of letters of marque, bears
date June 18, 1819; and the act " concerning let-
ters of maique, prizes, and prize goods," which
is supplementary to the other act, bears date June
2G, 1812. There is eight days'difference between
them; that is all. The two acts3 therefore, may
be regarded essentially as one and the same. One
is at least supplementary to the other. If the Sen-
ator proposes to bring in a bill eight days from
now, in imitation of what was done in 1812, giv-
ing us a code on this subject, perhaps he will give
us°notico of it; but unless such a bill as that k
matured, I must submit to the Senate that we are
not imitating the example of 1812.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr, Clark in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment to
the amendment.
The amendment to the amend ment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 now move to strike out all
after the word " that," and insert as a substitute:
The Secretary of the Navy be anthoiized to hire any ves-
sels needed for the national <?ervicf,and ifhe see fit,to put
them in charge of officers commissioned by the United
States, and to give them in every respect the character of
national ships.
Mr. GRIMES. It is hardly necessary, I ap-
prehend, for me to say anything against the adop-
tion of that amendment. It seems to hip the most
preposterous proposition that could possibly be
devised. The hiring of ships to make war vessels
of would be a most extraodinarry proceeding,
such, 1 apprehend, as was never adopted by any
nation in the world. If we bought them and con-
verted them into war ships, there might be some
plausibility in it.
Mr. SUMNER. The proposition on which 1
now ask a vote has all that is good in tha original
