1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
bill, or in the substitute of the Senator from Iowa,
without any of the unquestionable disadvantages.
I am unwilling to trespass upon the Senate. I
hope that I am not too earnest, but the question to
my mind, is of no common character.
The Senator who presses this measure so per-
tinaciously, seeks to employ private enterprise in
ail wars, domestic or foreign—I show him how
it can bo done. He seeks to enlist the private ma-
rine of the country in the public service—I show
him how it can be done. Ho seeks to contribute
at this moment to the national force—I show, him
how it can be done. Do not say that I am against
the employment of private enterprise. Do not say
that I would allow our private marine to rot at the
wharf. Do not say that 1 would begrudge any-
thing needed by the national force. To this end,
the Senate cannot go further than I will. But I
would do all that the Senator proposes in a way
that shall avoid those embarrassments and diffi-
culties necessarily incident to the system of pri-
vateering, and that shall be in harmony with the
civilization of our age. Nor shall it be said that 1
shrink from any of the responsibilities which be-
long to us with regard to foreign nations; but I
desire to say that among the highest responsibil-
ities which I recognize, is that of doing nothing
which shall needlessly add to existing troubles,
and give the country a new burden.
At the risk of repetition let me remind you that
every privateer on the ocean will cairy with him
the right of search. Wherever he sails, he will
lie authorized to overhaul neutral ships in search
of contraband, or, it may be, to determine if the
voyage is to break the blockade. A tight so del-
icate and grave I would reserve to the Govern-
ment, to be exercised only by Government ships.
I cannot err when i insist that it shall be intrusted
to those only whose position, expeuenee, and te-
lations with the Government give assurance that
it will be exercised with unerring discretion.
If in order to* secure private enterprise, and to
enlist all its energies, it were necessary to resort
to privateers, then the argument of the other side
might be entitled to weight. But all that you de-
sire can be had without any such resort and with-
out any drawbacks or disadvantages. Let the
Secretary of the Navy hire private ships wherever
he can find them, and put them m commission as
national ships, with the rations, pay, officers, and
< haractcr of national ships; this will be simple
end most effective. I am at a loss (or any ohjee-
iion to it. I can see none.
I may be mistaken, sir, but I speak m frank-
ness. To my mind the question between the two
propositions seems too clear for argument. There
are not two sides to it. On one side, it is nra-
tional, barbarous, and fruitless, except of trouble.
On the other side, you have piactienl stiength,
and the bust assurance of that puuimce. which is
the safeguard of peace. Between the two propo-
sitions the Senate will choose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. SCJMNEll. On that I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 simply desiie to say that the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
confers on the Secretai y of the Navy power to do
what he has full power to do already.
Mr. SUMNER. So I ha\e already stated in
debate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
iesulted—yeas 8, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Jlowaid, Lane of In-
diana. I'mmnoy, Sumner, Tiutnbull. and Wilson o! Mi—
• ourt-—B.
NA V*S— Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Ohandlei, (Mark, (VI-
J.smei, Cou'iiit, iJnolittlc. l<V«.^end« n. Koot, fo-tci< Gume-i,
Hardiny, Il.nian, J Ian is, }\< micron, UicUv, Kins, Fiain. of'
Konsa-, McDongail. Mori 11J, Novintili. Pnwell, Rice Shct -
maa, Ten Lyck, Turpie, Wade, and H lUun ot MaoM)ciiu-
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. DAVIS. I now offer an amendmuntin the
form of a substitute:
That the Pie^ideist of the United States be, and in* is
hereby, authotized to pay to ihp officer*, now, and owneis
of ■such' ship oi shipa as may be put regularly into eommi<-
-•ion and tJie service of the United States three nine* the
amount of the value of any ship or tlnp-j [ielim£iii<r to the
SlatP* or people now m insurrection again-a riic I'nned
States as may be captured by any siup so put into commis-
sion ard geiviee.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is that by way of substi-
tute or amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amend-
ment to the substitute, striking out the whole
of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will propose that as an addition to the
amendment, I will vote for it, or for something
like it.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now ison concurring- in the Senate with the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 suppose this bill will
be passed. 1 have taken no pait in iho discus-
sion. 1 desire now simply to ask the Senator
from Iowa, who seems to have it in charge, why
it has been thought proper to leave out of the
legislation of Congress the usual provisions that
are contained in alt bills of this character. Why
is the power conferred on the President of the
United States to make all the rules and regula-
tions for the disposition of prizes when they may
be captured ?
Mr. GRIMES. I have explained that once to
the Senate to-day, and 1 can do it again if the
Senator will permit me. [Oh, no.]
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 did not hear it. I see
no reason for tins provision. It seems to me that
this is a power conferred by the Constitution ex-
clusively on Congress; and if so, i cannot see how
it can be delegated, and I can see no objection
whatever to incorporating hero the usual provis-
ions of bills of this character. Take the act of
1^1:2; it may he revived vety easily. It seems to
me that it is an international right that the parties
whoso vessels may be taken shall have a trial in
a certain maimer; and suppose .he President does
not make a lule or icgulation that shall conform
to the laws of nations upon this subject, it may
involve us in difficulties, and very settous difficul-
ties, which difficulties, itM ein;; to me, might very
easily bo avoided.
Mr. DIXON. Is it in order at this time to move
to rrfor the bill '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. DIXON. This is a bill which has direct
refeience to the foreign relations of this Govern-
ment; and I move, therefore, that it be referred
to (lie Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was unlet ed to be engrossed for a third
reading, it was read the thud time.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 ask fm ihe yeas and nays
on the pu>sago of the bill.
The yeas ami nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 07, nays 9; as follows:
YKAS -Me - --is.. \nUioii> , \i noid, l 'handler, ('!.u k. ( 'ol-
lamcr, ('owan, Doohule, tY--M'hdrn. Foot, l''o ter, <irinte ,
Ihudinji, ilmhui, Ilairi^, Hicks, Howe, Kim:, Lane of
KanLatham. Mi-J )o it If, Moi i ill. Nc.-nnth, It tee. Sher-
man, 'I'm pic. Wade, and WiNori of Ma^aehu^c!!-.-- 27.
jVAYS—Mor.M-=. Dave, Di\on, Hendcn-on, (lovvuid,
I ^ine ot Jndnina, Pomcioy, ^iiitinei, Ti urn bull, and WjImhi
oi Mi. Minii--0.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SUMNER. T think there should be an
alteiation in the title of the bill. I suggest it to
the Senator from Iowa wiio has it in chatge. The
bill has undergone such changes sine* it was mi-
gmally in trod need, I Suit the ot filial title is hardly
applicable. The oiigimd title was, *' A bill (>on-
cermn^letleis of marque, prizes, and prize goods,"
and that was copied from the two lulls of 1812,
which contained one seventeen and the other live
sections i elating to prizes and pi ize ^oods. This
eonlams no provision on the subject, it relates
exclusively to letters of maique. I think, there-
fore, the title should be, " An act conec ruing let-
ters of marque.35
Mr. G1UA1ES. I think the title is well enough.
It is true the body of the bill authorizes the I5res-
ident to issue letters of marque, but it also author-
izes him to make all needful rules and regulations
in regard to prizes.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to record my vote on the lull in
relation to privateers. I was called out just befoie
tiie vote was taken.
Mr, TRUMP.ULL. I believe that has been
demed bore. The Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] has always objected to such requests
being granted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I will then content myself
with saying that 1 should have voted in the af-
firmative if 1 had been here when the vote was
taken.
PROOF IN PENSION CASES.
Mr. FOSTER. There are two short bills on
the table, Mr. President, of considerable public
interest and public importance. They will take
but a very lew moments, and I think will not lead
to the least debate. One is the bill (S. No. 428)
to facilitate thepiooffor the allowanceofpensions,
and the other is Senate bill No. 494, to give
gieater efficiency to the judicial system of the
United States. I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of bill No. 428. They can both
be passed befoie half-past fouro'clock, I believe.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
428) to facilitate the proof for the allowance of
pensions was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that the Secretary of the In-
tenoijin his discretion, may designate officers,
authonzed by the law of any State or Territory to
administer oaths, to take and certify all applica-
tions for pensions which may be presented to
them. Such officer is to administer oaths and
affirmations to parties and witnesses necessary to
the establishing of the right to a pension; and
when the right to the pension shall have been es-
tablished before him, it shall not be necessary for
the applicant to establish his or her right in a court
of record. If any such officer shall be a party to,
or knowingly assent to or connive at, the making
of any false declaration, affidavit, or case, in whole
or in pait, by which the n^ht to a pension shall
be established, or shall be sought to be established,
by means whereof the Govet nmcnt shall or may be
defrauded, he is to be deemed guilty of a high mis-
demeanor, and liable to prosecution upon indict-
ment; and, upon conviction in the proper court,
is to be sentenced to pay a fine of not less than
T50OO nor more than 000, and to be impnsoned
for any peiiod of time not less than one year nor
more than five years, which impi isonment, at the
discretion of the couit, may be at hard labor.
The amendment of the Committee on Pensions
was in section one, after line twelve, to insert:
And the tecs of such oiliocrs tor *.uch -^oivices shall be
the fame as are allowed lor similar services in the several
States and Territories in which the\ ate appointed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, i move met ely a cletical amend-
ment in the fifth line of the fust section, after the
word " oaths," to strike oat " and." lt is a mis-
take of the prin ter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
The bill was 1 eported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments weie eoneuried in. The bill
was ordered to be engiossed for a third reading;
it was read the third time, and passed.
HOLDING Ob1 COURTS.
Mr. FOSTER. I now move to take up Senate
bill No. 494.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
491) to give tneatei efficiency to the judicial sys-
tem of the United States was considered as m
Committee of tin; Whole.
The Secretary rend the fust section of the bill,
which provides that whenever any judge of the
Supi emeJOoai t, or of any circuit, from disability,
absence, the accumulation of business m the cir-
cuit com t in any district withm his circuit, or from
his ha\nig been of counsel or being inteiested in
any ca^e pending in the ciicuit court, or from any
other cause, shall deem 11 advisable that the cir-
cuit court in such disin^i shall he holden by the
judge of any oilier cucuit, he may request, in
w 1 it ins;, the judge . >f an y other cn cuit to hold the
circuit court m ihe dbuii^r, during a time to be
named m the ivque-'f, which is to be entered upon
the journal of {fie encutt eoiut. Then upon ir
shall be lawful for the judc'o so requited to hold
the circuit cout t m such disu :ct, and to exercise
ail the powers of the judge of such circuit within
and for such district during the time named in the
request.
Mr. FOSTER. The next three sections are
rather long, and the committee leoommend that
they be stricken out. Unless their reading be
asked for by som<j member, I ask that it be omitted,
and let the amendment which the committee re-
port for them be sead.
