1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have arisen—not that they were intended to arise
—from the refusal of Senators to pass that bill.
EXECUTIVE SESSION,
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 15, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President,
transmitting arepoitfiom the Secretary of State,
in answer to the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of 17th July last, relative to the arrest
of a part of the crew of the brig1 Sumter, at Tan-
giers, Morocco; winch was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
CALL OF STATES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded, as the regu-
lar order of business, to call the States and Ter-
ritories for bills, to be introduced for reference
only.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I ask unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a joint reso-
lution, of which previous nodee has been given,
and that it be considered now.
The SPEAKER. The 1 louse cannot give that
conscnt during this call, for it might use up the
entire hour.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I do not propose
to use up the entire hour, but ] ask the unanimous
conscnt of the House that thejoint resolution may
be considered now without reference to the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. The rule is imperative set-
ting apart an hour on every alternate Monday for
the call of States for the introduction of bills for
reference only. The Chair, therefore, refuses to
take the consent of the House.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Does the Chan-
rule that a member cannot ask unanimous consent
now ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enforce the
rule in relation to this call strictly, for consent can
be asked at any time just as well as during this
hour. This hour is set apart for business which
cannot be done at any other time.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING-. Then, if I am
fortunate enough to be lecognized by the Chair, I
will ask consent by and by.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is recognized
as often as he addresses the Chair.
POSTAL MONEY ORDER SYSTEM.
Mr. BLAKE, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill to establish a postal money order
system; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
UNITED STATES COCIRT ROOMS AT LOUISVILLE.
Mr. MALLORY, in pursuance of previous no- j|
tice, introduced a bill for repairing and refitting: the '!
United States court rooms in Louisville, Ken- j:
tucky, and for other purposes; which was read a :
first and second time, and referred to the Com- i;
mittee on the Judiciary. :j
DUTIES ON PAPER:
Mr. COLFAX . in pursuance of previous notice, ,
introduced n bill reducing the rates of duties on
paper; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means. ;!
SIXTY-FIFTH ARTICLE OF WAR. ji
Mr. HOLM AN, m |iii rsuance of previous no- i;
tice, introduced a bili to amend the sixty-fifth Ar- i
tide of War; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. |j
HUBBARD AND SPENCER. \\
Mr. ARNOLD, in pursuance of previous no- li
tice, introduced a bill for the relief of Gurdon S. l!
Hubbard and A.T. Spencer; which was read 1
twice, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY IX MISSOURI.
Mr. jN'OELL, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill to secure the abolishment of sla-
very in the State of Missouri, and to provide com-
pensation to loyal persons therein who own slaves;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the select committee on emancipation.
UNITED STATES CIRCUIT COURT.
Mr. WILSON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill prescribing the times and
places for holding the terms of the circuit court
for the districts of Iowa, Minnesota, and Kansas;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
MINERAL RESOURCES OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. BENNET, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to provide for the develop-
ment of the mineral resources of the United States,
and of the public domain; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The call for bills having now been completed,
the Speaker proceeded to call the States and Ter-
ritories for resolutions.
INTEREST ON THE PUBLIC DEBT.
Mi'. WASHBURNE submitted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolve,!, That, in the judgment of this House, there
should be no legislation changing existing laws providing
for the payment of the inteiest on tlie public debt in com
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. IiOLMAN. If the object is to test the
sense of the House, the vote should certainly
be taken by yeas and nays. The principle in-
volved is a \ory important one, and 1 call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.J5LA.KE. Is'it in order to move to refer the
resolution to the Comrnitt.ee nfWays and Means ?
The SPEAKER. Not during the pendency of
the previous question.
Mr. BLAKE. Then 1 move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE. On that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. VALLANDIG-HAM. Is it in order to
move to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can have such
a. motion enteied; but the question must first be
taken on the motion to lav on the table.
Mr. WASHEURNE called for tellers on the
yeas and nay?.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to lay the resolution upon the table.
The question recurred on the passage of the res-
olution; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 81, nays 24; as follows:
YEAt5—Mc-mn. Aldrich. William J. Allen, An^ona,
J3aily. Iliddlo, William G. Ilrmvu. f'udinton, I.urnliam,
Culvert, Cla k, Clements. Collar. Fiedenck A. Conkhng.
Ko>coe Cotiklins, Conway, Ctisfiehl, Oelaplanio, Dunlap,
])unu, Eliot. Samuel O. Fe*-onden, Fi-.heu Fouke. Fian
cliot, Frank^ Ciaiiirei, Outlet. Nniaht, Hall. Hanson, llol-
man, IIoop°i. Hotron, Julian, Kelley, William Kciiogg,
Ketrigan. Kilhnaer, Ue<u\. Loonus, Uovejoj, MeKn' ht,
Mallory, Maynaul, Mimizios, Aloorhrad, An^on P Monili,
Justin ►-? Monili, Nixon, Noble, Noiton, Odell, Patton,
Potter, Fiiee. Alexandei II llice, John II. Rice,' Kiddle,
Fedewiciu Sliotheld, Shcllabaisrer, Slu< I, Smith, John B.
Steele, Utiles, Stiatton, lJcuj.unni F. Thomas, I'lancis
Thomas, Tiimhh . Tiow bt nice. Van Valkenbmyh3 Venee,
Walkoi ,'WaiJ, Wallace, Wa-hhmne, Chilton "A. White,
Wil.-on, Woodruff. Winrht. and Yeaman—M.
XAVS—Me-s^. A.-h!i'\\ Baker, Beaman, Bingham,
Samuel S. l>ian . Blake, Chamheilam, Cutler, Duel), Fil^et-
ton. Edward*. Ti'omas l-> Fcs-(jinlt n. Goodwin, Ha'iimii,
Iliekinan, Uutchms, Fiaucif W Kcilocg, Pike. Sanrent,
Shanks. Sloan. Stevens. Van Wyek, and Windom—-12.
So the resolution was adopted. j
Mr. WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the j
vote by winch the resolution was adopted, and
also moved to lay the motion to rcconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BOUNTY TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. WILSON offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thar the Committee on MiUtan Affair* be In
structed to inquire into the expediency of granting a bounty*
to soldiers enlisted in the volunteer or regular seivicc ot
the United States since the4t,h of March, 1861, and who
may have served or may hereafter serve less than two years,
and to report by bill or otherwise.
CHIMES AGAINST THE UNITED STATUS.
Mr. NOELL. As I was not present when the
State of Missouri was called, I asjp leave to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That while the Government of the United
States is engaged in actual war to suppiess unlawful com-
binations of its own citizens in open rebellion against its
constitutional authority, no peisou or persons owing aUe-
giance to'it have a light, by reason of the fact (or his or
their belief of the existence of tUe fact) that that war is not
prosecuted foi legitimate and constitutional purpose*, or In'
legitimate and constitutional means, to withhold his or their
support to the efforts of the Government in the piosecutiori
of (he war, or icsht the enfoicement of the laws foi rah-ing,
maintaining, and lesulatmg the Aimv and \Tavy,ortho laws
imposing taxes and hut dens (or the pa) met. t of the expenses
ot the wai; and tl any pcivon or ner.-ons in the United Stales,
thus owing allegiance, shall, for (he reasons or pietcndea
reasons atou>aid. legist the enforcement of such laws, or
persuade, instigate.oi incite other persons so to resist them,
they ouaht to bo held guilty of a high emtio, and punished
i with death m impugnment in the penitentiary; and that
j the Committee on the Judiciary be, and is hereby, instructed
I to consider the piopiiety and necessity of pioviding by law
1 for the punishment of such eases, ami report by bill or oth-
i crwise.
j Mr. WfOKLIFFE. I propose to debate this
resolution at some convenient day.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can only be
! received by unanimous conscnt.
j! Mr. CALVERT. I object.
ij XIIE TAIUF1-.
j! Mr. LOW offered the following resolution, and
I' moved the previous question:
(' Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
!' instiucted to inquiie into the expediency of revising the
i tanft'of duties on imports, including the duties on all fur-
[i cian goods-, not articles of prunenecessity, to «uch n latens
j: will diminish the amountimpoited, to the end that the im-
, ports ot toieign goods may not exceed in amount the ex*
i; ports of American giowth and manufactuie, e.\ elusive oi
{ specie; with leave to repoit by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was on the adoption
of the )esolution.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
rejected.
MESSAGE FHOM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Hay, his
Private Secretary.
INCOMPETENT VOLUNTEER OFFICERS.
Mr. ALDRICH offered the following: resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Th.)t lite Committee on^JiIitai} Affans be, and
ai e hereby. instiucted to inquire into the propuetv, expe-
diency , ana necessity of pioviding for tin: di^mi^sal from
the voiunteer >.(M\iec nf the Army of all incompetent and
unfit eommi--(oncd odiceis in that branch of the military
service, and lepoitby bill oi otlieiwise.
CONDUCT OF THE WAK, ETC.
Mr. CONWAY. I oiler the following resolu-
tions, and aslc that their consideration be post-
poned till to-morrow:
Rewired, That freedom and slavery cannot coexist in
the same Covet ntnent without producingendles"- ^tufe and %
civil was ; that l<a hoi^e divided aj.nnst it--iif cannot
stand." and that" this nation mu<t be all tiec or all slave.'*
Resolved, 'l'iiat the American Cmon consi-o of thoao
States which ate now loyal to the Federal Constitution.
Resolved, That a rcsto'iation of the Union, a- it existed
prior to the tebelhon, would be a greater ealamit\ than the
rebellion itself, since it would give new ule to the u irrc-
pi edible conflict," and entail upon the jiauoi- another
cycle of bittej contention and civil wai.
" Resolved, That the seceded States can only be put down,
if at all, b> being ic^aided a> out of eonstiititioiKii lelations
nuii the Union, and by heing a^sjuled upon pnueiplos of
oidmary watlate .is between separate nations.
Received, That il any person in the employment of the
United State*., m «it her the leci«lative or cxecutivc
hranehe-s^iiould propose to make peace, or should accept or
advice the acee[)tance of any such piopoMtion on any basis
which would lotore the slave power to its forinei suprem
ocy in the Government, or b\ any now compiomiie or
atnendmentof tin-Constitution reeosnizeslaveiv as an ele-
ment of powet, su°h person will be guiity of a high crime*.
Resolved. 'J'unt the s-up'-riot redoutcc- and military ptow-
os<? of the \oith in the < tiu?gle are be}ond dispute, and
that the question nf its success ruins not upon us relative
ability, but on the fanes* ol its chief Execum e Magistrate
to give eficct to it'power.
Resolved, 'J'hat it I?- unsafe to intrust the execution of
anv system ot admmisttation to pe:>ons who are noi in cor-
dnt) s\mpdthj therewith, an.I that no change of policy In
the conduct of the war is more than nominal which isjiot
aecompanH d by a complete change in the personnel oi' the
executive department.
Resolved, That it i* a matter for serious reflection
whether another election for President must not "ipervene
