1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1029
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued.
The first amendment proposed by thecommittee
was in line three of scetion one to strike out the
word " any " and inscit" the," and after the word
" Coin t" to strikf out" or ot5' and insert " for;"
so as to read, " that whenever the judge of the
Supreme Court for any circuit."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment proposed by the com-
mittee was to strike out t-he second, third, and
fourth sections of the bill, and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That the judge of any
chcuit may oulei any civil cause certified into any cucuit
court withm hi> ciiruit from any court of the United States
to ho certified back to t]ie mint whence xt came; and in
such case tucli ciui-r -hall be pioceeded in l>v such court,
in all respect-. a-< it flic same had not been certified fiom
it: Pyondch Thai it from any cause it shall be improper
lor the judge of such eouit to uy any ^ueh cause «o com-
ficil hack.the same shall betiied by some other Judge hold-
ing ?-ueh couit, pui>uant to the piovi&ions of tins aet.
Whenevei. by reason of death or re&ijrnation, there shall
he no judge of any eucmt. the Chief Justiej of the Supreme
Couit of tiie United States, may make the requests herem
piovided fot, which shall beopeiative until such circuit
shall be assigned to auothei judge. In ease of a vacancy
in the office of maislud or distuet attorney in any eneuit,
the judge of such circuit may fill --uch vacancy, and the
peiftou io appointed shall ^eive until an appointment shall
be, made by tiie President, and th  appointee has duly Qual-
ified. and no longei ; and the marshal so appointed shall
give bond as if appointed by flic Piesldent, and tin1 bond
shall be appioved by buch judge. The appointment «o made
shall he in writing, and >uch wilting shall be filed in the
eleik'd office ot the cimmui com t, nnd a copy theieof shall
be enteitil upon the j.uinial of *>uch couit. The clerk of
eveiy eouitsdtall uivo bond in such sum as may be fixed by
the couit. with Hiietie* to be appioved by the couit. and a
new bond may be n'quned whenever the couit shall deem
it propel lh.it Mich bond shall be given. Eveiy marshal's
bond so give, i ;4)ali be tiled m the otheeof the cleik of the
circuit court, and a copy theieof entered upon the journal
of the court. A copy of eveiy bond given by a clerk ^hall
be enteied on the journal of the couit for which he is ap-
pointed, and the bond shall be deposited for safe-keeping
as the couit may duect. Aeeitificd copy of such entry
shall be py una facic pioofof the execution ot cuch bond,
and of the content- theieof.
See. 3. Jlnd be itjurthcr cnactcd, That all acts and parts
of acts inconsL-tent'yvith the provisions of this aet be, ,uid
the ->iine ate hcicby. it pealed.
The amendment way agreed to.
The bill was repotted to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading";
it was read the third time, and passed.
OKDKK OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HARDING. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 208.
Mr. HAIILAN. The bill to establish the
gauge of the Pacific raihoad was postponed from
last Saturday until to-day. I hope the Senator
from Oregon will give way and allow that to be
taken up now.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think we
had better ha\e an executive session to-night. I
move that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to hear me one moment.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I will hear
the Senator.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The committee to whom
were referred the proposed amendments to the
Pacific railroad bill, have reported for some days.
The amendments will meet with the concurrence,
1 think, of all Senators. It is very important that
that bill be sent to the House of Representatives—
the Senator from Massachusetts understands how
business is done there'—that it may be brought up
foi action theic. I ask him, and I ask the Sena-
tor from Oregon, to allow me to coll up this bill,
to which I tlnnk there is no objection on the part
of any Senatoi.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. What bill
is it?
Mr, McDOUGALL. The bill reported by the
seleet committee on the Pacific railroad, amending
the bill of last session,
Mr. TRUM l]ULL. Fixing the gauge ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. It has nothing to do with
the gauge. It is an amendment of the committee,
simply to put the law m woiking shape. I think
there are no objections to it; and it is very im-
portant, and we want to send it to the House of
Representatives that it may have their action. I
should like to have it taken up and acted on now.
I think no objection wdl be made to it, and it is
a very important measure, and as time is limited
in the old bill, I desire that it should be acted on
promptly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to inquire whether
the Senator from Oregon yielded the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to proceed to executive business.
Mr. HARDING. I think we can pass this bill
in a few minutes. 1
The motion of Mr. WILSON, of Massachu-
setts, was agreed to, and the Senate proceeded to
the consideration of executive business; and after
some time spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 17, 1863.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LAWS OF COLORADO.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Governor of Colorado Ter-
ritory, transmitting the laws of that Teiriiorjrj
which were referied to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
INDIAN TRUST FUNDS.
Mr. EDWARDS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Indian Affairs
a bill relating to the trust funds of Indian tribes
held by the United States, and invested in certain
bonds and other securities; which was recommitted
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
MESSAGE 1'ItOM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed bills of the House of
the following titles without amendment:
An act (No. 478) for the relief of certain of the
crew of the ship Nightingale; and
An aet (No. 749) for the relief of Ignatius C.
Mattingly, postmaster at Bardstown, Kentucky.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An aet (No. 473) to amend an act entitled "An
act to prevent members of Congress and officers
of the Government of tiie United States from tak-
ing consideration for procuring contracts, office,
or place from the United States, and for other pur-
poses;5'
An act (No. 511) for enrolling and calling out*
the notional foices,and for other purposes; and
An act (No. 5:20) to change the name of the brig
Concord to that of the Rising Sun, and to author-
ize the issuing of an A meiican register to the Brit-
ish colonial-built steam vessel City of Toronto,
| and to change the name to that of Frankfort.
j LAND DISTRICT IN OHIO.
! Mr. TRIMBLE, by unanimous consent, re-
: ported back from the Committee on Public Lands
an act (Ii. R. No. 747) to reopen the land office
m the Virginia military district of Ohio, and for
other purposes; which was recommitted to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
51EDICAL DEPARTMENT.
Mr. PENDLETON, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was lead, ^
considered, and agieed to: j
Uesolvcd, That the Mditaiy Committee be instructed to ,
inquire into the etficien<*\ of the medical department of the ; •
arnu' undei General Grant, and to report what meaMiresof |j
legislation, it any, are neeessaiv to secure the utmost pos- j;
sibie 5-k.il I and attention in the care of the  ickand wounded j!
soldiers.
ALMON D. FJSIvS IIEIItS.
Mr. SLOxYN. I ask leave to have token from
the table, and lefVrrod to the Committee on Pat-
ents, Senate bill No, 4:32.
There being no objection, an act (S. No. 422)
for the relief of the heirs of Almon D. Fisk, de-
ceased, was taken from the Speaker's tabic, read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
WASHINGTON HOTEL KEEPERS.
Mr. TRAIN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the better defining of the rights ii
and duties of keepers of hotels in the District of
Columbia; which was readafirstand second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
BUItEAU OF ^MIGRATION.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, -re-
ported from the Committee on Agriculture a bill
to establish a Bureau of Emigration; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
INDIANA DISXKICT COURTS.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to change the time^ for holding the
circuit and district courts of the United States for
the district of Indiana, and asked to have it put
upon its passage.
The bill was read. It directs that, instead of
the times now fixed by law, the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States for the district of
Indiana shall beheld on the first Tuesdays of May
and November.
The bill received its several readings, and was
passed.
Mr. PORTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIVIL JUDGE IN NEW ORLEANS.
Mr. WICICLIFFE asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Whereas a man by the name of Peabody, of the city o(
New York, is m the city of New Orleans exercising the
office and powei oi civil judae, and claiming to do sounder
an appointment of the President of the United States a*.
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
States:
lie-solved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
stiucted to inquire and report to tins House upon the fol-
lowing questions: 1. What are the powers and duties pre-
scribed by law or otherwise given by law or otherwise to
vnifl Peabody? 2. lias lie been appointed under and ac-
cording to any law of the United States? 3. Has the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy power to appoint
a civil judge, and give him power to adjudicate upon the
civil rights of peisons and questions ot'mcum and tuum be-
tween the citizens of any State or of the United States ?
Mr. BLAKE. I object.
Mr. WICKL1FPE." Then X will object to all
other resolutions that are offered out of order, i
call for the regular order of business.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the Indian appropriation bill, 011 which
the mam question has been ordered.
The amendments reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, on which
no separate vote was asked, wore agreed to.
The amendments on which sepai ate votes were
asked, were disposed ot'as indicated beiow,
Mr. MAYNARD called for a separate vote 011
the amendment offered by Mr. Alduicii, to pay
the Delaware Indians for property stolen.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr.'F. A. CONKLING demanded a separate
vote on the amendment offered by Mr. Shanks,
making a renppropriation for the annuities of
Miami Indians for the years 1854 and 1855, and
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; nnd it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 61, nays 46; as follows:
YEAs-5—"Ylc^rs. Aldrich. William Allen, Alley, Arnold,
AMiley, Blake, William G. Drown, Butflnton. Calvert,
ChambciIain, Cobb, Colfax, Convvav. Cox, Cii^fiiid. Cut-
ler, Dawes, j)umi, Eliot. Samuel C, Fe-?enden. Franeliot,
Granger, Gtnlev, Johnson, Julian, Francis W. Kellogg,
William Kcliossr. LiIumujj, Looinis, McKnigbi, Waynard,
Mitchell, Moorhrad, Moni-, Notion, Timothy G.Phelps,
Pike, Porter, Price, John II. llicc, Itolmis-on, Sargent,
Shanks, Sloan, Smith, John B. Steele, Benjamin P.
Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, Trowbridge. Vallandig-
ham, Van Wjek, Yciree, Voorhees, Walker, Albert S.
White, Wilson, Wmdom, Woodiuff, Wright, and Yea-
man—(>1.
NAYS—MehMs., Ancona, Babbitt. Baily. B.ixu-*, Bea-
man, Biddle, P mgham, Campbell, Predeiick A. nmUSing,
llo-t. or Conklinic, Davn. Edgerton, Edward;., Kl\, Thomas
A. X). Fe-stnidcn, Goodwin, Grider, Iiaight, ilardmsr, iJar-
ilbim, ilnopct. Uoilon,Hutclims,Lazeai .Low, Mel'iietson,
Malloiy, Justin S. Morrill, Nixon, Nugen, Ohn, Pendleton,
Pomcioy, Segar, Shellabarger, Shutman, Shiel, rtpriulding,
Steven/, Stile-, Stratton, Van Valkenbuigh, Wadsvrorth,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, and Wickhlie—46.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the roll-caSi,
Mr. McKNIGHT stated that his colleague,
