1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
Mr. Patton, was detained from the House by-
sickness.
Mr. TRAIN made a similar statement in refer-
ence to his colleague, Mr. Rice.
Mr. SLOAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Potter, was detained from the House by sick-
ness in his family.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. STEVENS asked for a separate vote on
the sixth amendment, which makes an appropri-
ation of f50,000 for the Indian service m l^ew
Mexico.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING asked for a separate
vote upon the eleventh amendment, providing for
two blacksmiths and two physicians for the In-
dians in the northern district of California.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, asked for tellers
on the amendment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr.MAYNARD demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The hill was passed.
Mr. MAYNAPtD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOUISIANA ELECTIONS.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order of
business
TheSPEAKER. The regularorderofbusiness
is the report of the Committee of Elections in the
Louisiana election cases, upon which the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Crisfield J is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. RIDDLE. I ask the gentleman from Mary-
land to give way for a rnomamt to permit me to
offer a resolution.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I object.
Mr. YEAMAN. I aslc the gentleman from
Maryland to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. CRISFIELD. ! do not like to have my
time taken up, but I will yield to the gentleman
for a moment.
Mr. YEAMAN. I desire now to submit the
amendment of which I gave notice yesterday. I
move to strike out the resolutions reported by the
Committee of Elections, which are as follows:
jflcsojrcfl, ThiHllcnjnmui F. Flanders is entitled to a seat
lit this House as a Representative from the first congres-
sional district of Louisiana.
Resolved, That Michael il.itin in entitled to a ««:at in this
Hou^e as a Representative front the second district in Lou-
isiana.
And to insert instead thereof, as follows:
Resolved, That the ptoclamaiion issued hy George F.
Shepley, stylinghim&elf militaiy eovernorot Louisiana, in
New Oilcans, on the Mth day of November, 1S62, appoint-
ing an oleetion to be held on Wednesday the 3d of Decem-
ber, 1865, fui Representatives in Congress from the fust and
second congressional districts ol Louisiana wa* null and
void, without the authority of law, and impaits no valid-
ity to the election of IJenjamm F. Flandci-* and Michael
llahn-
Resolccd, That ihc election of said Flanders and Halm,
appearing to have been free and unconstrained, and in ac-
cordance with the I<uv-> of Louisiana, except that, being on
a day other than a day of geneial election, it had not been
directed to he hold by the Governor of Louisiana, the ac-
tion of the elcctor^ in the ptemises is ratified and contiimed,
and haul Flanders and Uahn aie declaied entitled to their
seals as member ot this House.
Mr. CRISFIELD resumed the floor and con-
cluded the speech commenced yesterday. [His
• speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to allow mo twenty minutes.
Mr. DAWES. There are a number of gentle-
men on all sides of the House who desire the same.
It seems to me that this debate has gone as far,
in view of other business, as it should go. If a
majority of the House differ from me, the previous
question can be voted down.
Mr. DUNN. I ask that Mr. Uahn, one of the
gentlemen claiming his seat here, may be heard.
Mr. BINGHAM. I shall object unless the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
is also allowed to address the House.
The SPEAKER. Tim claimant has a right to
be heard.
Mr. IJ'VJTN, (claimant.) Mr. Speaker, the
desire expressed by many members of the House j
that I should say afew words on the subject which j
now engages your attention, although quite flat- i
tering to my feelings, is one with which I comply 1
with extreme reluctance; for at the commencement j
of my discourse I am forcibly admonished of my |
unfortunate position by the familiar maxim that |
4' he who pleads his own cause has a fool for his
client." But, sir, I am emboldened to say a few
words on this subject, from the conviction that,
in maintaining the rights of my colleague and my-
self to seats in this House, I am advocating no
personal interest. I am, indeed, notarguing my
own cause. I am arguing the cause of the loyal
people of the State of Louisiana—nay, sir, of the
people of the whole of this great and glorious
Union. I am maintaining the principle which lies
at the very foundation of this Government; a prin-
ciple without which this Government would cease
to be a republic—the principle of the right of rep-
resentation of the people on the floor of this House.
Mr. Speaker, my remarks will be considerably
shortened by the able and accurate manner in
which the Committee of Elections has presented
all the facts arid the law of this case to the House,
and by the able and eloquent manner in which
some of the important legal principles involved
have been argued by members, and particularly
by the distinguished member from Massachusetts
[Mr. Thomas] yesterday.
I shall be brief in what 1 have to say. I shall deal
m facts, not in figures of speech; in blunt, unfin-
ished sentences, not in any attempts at oratorical
display.' And I will esteem ita favor rather than
a disagreeable interruption if, during the delivery
of my few remarks, any gentleman upon this floor
will call my attention to any particular subject or
point on which he has doubts; for I feel satisfied
from the intercourse I have had with the members
of the House that there is no man here who would
interrupt me with a view of embarrassing me, but
simply with a view of obtaining such information
as he may think necessary in coming to u coriect
conclusion upon the subject under consideration.
I shall 
Mr. DUNN. After the invitation of the gen-
tleman, I take the liberty of calling his attention
to a matter which I think is of great importance
in the decision of this question. I wish to be in-
formed whether or not the loyal people in the
district he represents voted fully at the polls? In
other words, I wish to know whether he is in fact
substantially the representative of the constituency
lie claims to represent?
Mr. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, when a gentleman
upon the floor of this House, the other day, stated
that he had always understood that New Orleans
was a hot-bed of rebellion and secession, he did
not state it as a fact within his own personal
knowledge, but simply as a matter which he had
understood.
Now, sir, it must strike the mind of every in-
telligent gentleman at once, that the very import-
ant geographical position of New Orleans, in a
military and naval point of view, very soon en-
gaged the serious attention of the rebels engaged
in the establishment of a southern confederacy.
Their navy and army officers and soldieis and
gunboats were there massed and attracted in large
numbers. The prominent leaders of the rebellion
were sent there, and that point was made a focus
of their operations, it being of so much import-
ance to them m holding the.mouth of the great
Mississippi river.
But, sir, the large majority of people of New
Orleans and of southern Louisiana—the perma-
nent inhabitants and citizens there—have never
voluntarily done anything that could m the least
taint them with disloyalty. Their conduct from
the beginning and throughout this rebellion will
sustain the truth of my assertion. Why, sir, look
at the vote of the last residential election. If you
will examine the vote cast in those two congres-
sional districts, and add that given for Bell to that
cast for Douglas, you will find that their aggre-
gate vote is an astonishingly large and overwhelm-
ing majority of the entire vote cast. These, it will
be remembered, are the two southern districts of
Louisiana, in which there are but fewcotton plant-
ations. The northern is the cotton portion of the
State, where some of the people imagine that" cot-
ton is king;" but in the first and second congres-
sional districts the culture of sugar and of vege-
tables is the exclusive occupation of the agricul-
turists. And those people have always in every
election,and underthemost tryingcircumstances,
shown their fidelity to this Government.
There was an election called in the State of
Louisiana for a convention, the object of which
was not Exactly stated to the public. It was os-
tensibly a convention called to take into consid-
eration the state of public affairs. By the act of
our Legislature, approved December 12, 1860, the
election was ordered to take place on the 7th of
January, 1861, for delegates to a State convention
to be held on the 23d of January, 1863. (See act
of the special session, No. 5.) The actof the Le-
gislature says not one word about secession, or
even the altering the constitution; and the only
approach to a declaration of the objects of the con-
vention must be gathered from the preamble, which
is in these words:
"Whereas in the opinion of the General Assembly the
condition of public affairs demands that a convention of the
people be called to take such action a«! the interest and wel-
fare of the State may require: Therefore," &e.
This vague and unsatisfactory declaration is
the only one found in the act as to the object of
the convention. Could good citizens draw any
reasonable conclusion from this language that this
convention called in this manner, would have any
moral right—it certainly had no constitutional
power—to change the nationality of the State, and
to make an attempt, even by revolution, to with-
draw the State from the Federal Union? They
might reasonably suppose that under the language
employed in the preamble, resolutions would be
offered and discussed, adopted or rejected, sug-
gesting compromise measures or amendments to
the Federal Constitution. Hence the people might
not have taken so deep and active an interest in
the election of delegates as they otherwise would
have done. The election was held, and the con-
vention assembled at the appointed time. Some
of the delegates in their canvass had caught the
contagion of neighboring States, and announced
secession views; others, especially in my con-
gressional district, had taken ground for the Union.
In the mean time, and before the assembling of
the convention, and even before the names and
political complexion of the successful candidates
could be ascertained, the Governor took posses-
sion of the national forts, arsenals, and munitions
of war in the State,and had a force of his "State
troops," as he called them, within sight of the
capitol at the time the convention assembled.
The convention on the 26th of January, 1861,
(thice days after its organization,) passed "an
ordinance to dissolve the union between the State
of Louisiana and other States united with her
under the compact entitled, ' The Constitution of
the United States of America.' " This ordinance
is, of course, unconstitutional and void; it was a
revolutionary measure of those who approved it,
depending fonts validity entirely upon the chances
and results of war. The people of Louisiana were
not bound by it in any manner, cither constitu-
tionally or morally, as the convention did not con-
descend to submit its work to the vote of the people
for ratification or rejection. Indeed, the people of
Louisiana have never had a chance afforded them
to vote upon the question of secession.
Thus it was that the convention took upon itself
the power and task of carrying Louisiana out of
the Union* The men who were elected to the con-
vention from the first and second congressional
districts of Louisiana were mostly out and out,
unconditional Union men. But, sir, through the
instiumentality of the rebel Governor, by his
wicked acts and doings in seizing the forts and
barracks, and otherpublic property of the United
States before the meeting of the convention; by his
instrumentality in surrounding the capital of the
State with the armed forces of the rebels and keep-
ing them in the very sight of the budding where
the delegates met; by the instrumentality of such
men as Benjamin and Slidell, and other rebels of
note* an ordinance of secession, as I havu stated,
was foiced through the convention. But, sit, they
did not dare to submit their wicked woik—the or-
dinance of secession—to the vote of the people of
Louisiana. The constitution of the State requires
that even the most unimportant amendments or
alterations thereto shall be agreed to by two thirds
of the members of each House of our Legislature,
and, after considerable delay and full publication,
shall be submitted to the people for approval and
ratification, before the same snail becoinv a part of
