92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
before the rishtful authority of the nattoQ can be estab-
lished, and whether, in the mean time, it is not a flagrant
waste of our energies to continue the war.
Resolved. Tint unless the army of the YVpst shall have
swept through the valley of the Mississippi to its mouth,
and thearmv of the Potomac annihilated the legions* of Lee
and Jackson, thus subverting the military power of the re-
bellion, within a reasonable time, the best interests of the
countrv ami hunianitv will requite a cessation of hostilities.
Resolved, Tha^ the States of the North, composing the
American nation and wielding its power, must over remain
one and indivisible on the basis of fieedoin tor all, without
ditftincuon of race, color, or condition; that theit mission ;
must ever be to extend their own civilization over the en- j
tire continent: and that whatevei derangements,difficulties, !
check*, or deieats they may encounter, they mu<t foiever ;
cherish and purine the iiispuin" idea of nationality and
continental dominion.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the resolutions
be laid upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. iMALLORY. Is it proper to call for a
division of the resolutions?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. M ALLORY. Can wo not lay a portion of
them on the table, and reserve otheis to act our
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. Both
the moti'on to postpone and the motion to lay on
the table preclude a division of the resolutions.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
the resolutions on the table; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 13*2, nay l,as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, William J.Allen, Alley, An-
cona, Babbitt, Baily, Bak  r, Beaman, Biddle, l mguam,
Samuel S. Blair, Blake, William G. Brown, ttuftmtou, Oal-
veit,Chanibeilam, Clark, Clement*, Cobb, Colfax, Fieder-
ick A. Conkimg, Roscoo Conkhng, Cox, Crisfield, Crit-
tenden, Caller, Dawes, Delano, DelapUune, Duell, Dunlap,
Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, English, Fenton. Samuel
O. Fehscuden, Thomas A. 1). Fcssenden, Filler, Foiikc,
Franchot, Frank, Gooeh, Goodwin, Granger. Gridei, Gtir-
ley, Height, Halt, IJaidmg, Hair^on, Hickman. Hohnan,
Hooper, llmchins, Julian.'Kelley, William Ivllogsj. Ker-
rigan, Kilhnger, Lansing, Leary, Loonus, Love;oy, Low,
McKnight, Mel'iierbon, Mallory,Ma>nard, YJcnzi<*s, Mircli-
ell, Moorhead, An^on P. Morrill, Justin S. Moiull, Mom-\
Nixon, Noble, Noell, Norton, OcUil, Patton. Pendleton,
Pike, Pomeioy, Porter, Pottei. Price, Alexander il. Uiee,
John H. Rice, Iticlnud&un, Riddle. Robinson, Ld'Vaui II.
Rollins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Se ai, Shanks. Sheffield,
Shellabarger, Shiel, Sloan, Smith, Spaulding, John B.
Steele, Stiles, Stiatton, Benjamin F. Thomas, Fianeis
Thomas, Tram,Trimble, Tiowbndge, Vallandiqimm, Van
Horn, Van Valkenbuigh, Venee, Wad^wortn, Walker,
Wall, Wallace, Watd, Washburne, Whaley, Albeit S.
White, Chilton A. White, Wiekhfie, WiUon, Windom,
Woodruff, Worcester, Wright, and Veaman—130.
NAY—Mr. Conway—1.
So the resolutions were laid upon the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. COBB stated that Mr. Steele, of New Jer-
sey, was detained from the House by indisposi-
tion. «
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to make a privileged
motion, and I desire to call the attention of the
House to the fact that this is the first formal prop-
osition that has yet been introduced, looking to
the dismembermentof the Union and the recogni-
tion of the southern confederacy.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. It is by no
means the first.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. i move to reconsider the
vote by which the. resolutions were laid on the
table, and also move to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE EMANCIPATION PROCLAMATION.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN offered the following
resolutions:
Resolved, That the proclamation of the President of the
United State*., of the date of 22d September, 166-2, is war-
ranted by the Constitution.
Resolvedj That the policy of emancipation, a" indicated
in that proclamation, is well adapted to hasten the restora-
tion of peace, was well chosen a^ a war measure, and is an
exercise of power with proper regaul for the rights of the
States, and the perpetuity of free government.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the resolutions
be laid on the table, and on that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 53, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Baily. Bid-
die, William G. Brown, Calvert, Cobb, Cox, Ciavons.
Crisfield, Ciittemlen, Delaplaine, DtmJap, Enyh^h, Foukej
Gianger, Gudei, Hall. Raiding, Harrison, liolman, Kerri-
gan, Knapp, Law, JLeaiy, M,illor\. Maynaid, Menzie«,
Morn--, Xobie, Noiton, Odt.Il, Pendleton, Pne", Riohaid-
son, Robinson, James S. Roiling Sheffield, Slu'-l, Smith,
John B. Steele, Stiles, Benjamin F. Thomas 'Fiancis
i Thomas. Valiandhjham, Wadsworth, Ward, Whaley, Chil-
I urn A. White, WickhfTe, Woodiuff, Wright, and Yeaman ;
1 —53.
; NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold. Babbitt, Baker,
' Beaman, Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Bufilnton,
! Burnlmm, Chatnbeilam, Clark. Colfax, Frederick A. Conk-
I ling. Roscoe Conkhng, Cutler. Dawes, Delano,Deleplaine,
i Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Fonton, Samuel C. Fes-
' senden,Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Fishei, Franchot, Frank,
1 Cooch, Goodwin, Gurley, Haight, Hickman, llutchins,
Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kil-
! linger, Lansing, Loom is, Lovejoy, Low, McPlierson, Moor-
i head. Anson P. Moirill, Nixon, Noell,Patton, Pike,Pome-
j rov, Porter, Potter, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Iiid-
! die. Edwaid H. Rollins, Sargent, Shanks, Sheilabaiger,
■ Sloan, Spaulding, Stevens, Stratton, Train,Trimble, Trow-
! budge. Van Ho"ih. Van Valkenburgh, Van Wyck, Veiree,
i Walker, Wall, Wallace, Washburne, Alberts. White. Wil-
; sou, Wmdom, ami Worcester—81.
i So the House refused to lay the resolutions on
' the table.
The question then recurred on seconding the
I demand for the previous question.
; The previous question was seconded; and the
I main question ordered.
ij Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
' on the adoption of the resolutions.
I The yeas and nays were ordered.
i The question was taken; and it was decided in
| the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 51; as follows:
! YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Arnold, Babbitt, Baker,
i Beaman, Bingham,Samuel S. Blan,Blake.Ruffinton,Burn
j ham, Chamheilam, Claik, Colfax, Frederick A. Conklinc,
ilo^coe Conkhnij. Cutlet, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Edycrton,
: Edwards, Eliot,Ely,Fenton, Samuel C.Fessenden.Thomas
j A. 1). Fe^emh-n, Fisher, Franchot, Frank, Gooch, Good
i win, Gurley, iWiihf, IJjckman, Hooper. Hu'chin^, Julian,
■ Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kello?sjt Kilhnger,
j Lansing, Loomis, Lovtjov, Low, Mcpherson, Mitchell,
1 Moorhead. Anson P. Motrin, Justin S. Mom!!, Noell, Pat-
I ton, Pike. Pometov. Portei, Potter, Alexander H. Rice,
1 John II. liice, Riddle, Edwaid H. Rollins, Sargent, Sedg-
i wick. Shellaliarger, Sloan. Spauhluiir.Tiam, Tiowbrtdce,
: Van Valkeribnigh, Van Wjck, Veriec, Walker, Wail,
1 Wa^hhunie, Alhei t S. Whit", Wilson, Wmdom, and Wor-
I ce-tPi—76.
: NAYS—Messrs. William J.Allen, Ancona, Bailey, F>id-
! die, Calvert, Cobb, Cox, Cravens, Crittenden,
i Dnnlap, Enffhsh, Fonke, Gianirer, Glider, Hall, Hardmc,
i Ilarn-on. ilolman, Kerrigan, Kiiapp, Leary, Mallorv, May-
; nard, Me'nzies, Morns, Noble, Norton. Odell, Pendleton,
; Peiry. I'riec. Richatdson. Robinson. James S. llolim?,
j Shetiield, Shiel. Smith, John B. Steele, Stiles, Benjamin
F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Vallandigham, Wadsworlh,
Ward, Whab'y. Chilton A. White, Wickhffe, Woodruff,
Wiight, and Veaman—51.
So the resolutions were adopted.
| Mr. 8. C. FESSENDEN moved to reconsider
' the vote by which the resolutions were adopted;
'■ and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
:j laid upon the table.
II The latter motion was agreed to.
ij MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE,
j A message was received from the Senate, by its
! Secretary, Mr. Forxey, notifying the House that
! that body had disagreed to the amendment of the
j House to the amendment of the Senate to House
! bill No. 58], concerning ccrtain judgments in'cer-
| tain suits brought by the United States.
| ENROLLED BILLS.
j Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
! Bills, reported that they had examined, and found
truly enrolled, bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 406) for the relief of the owners
of the French brig Jules et Marie;
An act (S. No. 365) for the admission of the
State of Western Virginia info the Union, and for
other purposes; and
An act (S. No. 4(15) authorizing the holding of
a special session of the United States' district
court for the district of Indiana.
NEUTRAL RIGHTS.
j; The SPEAKER stated the question in order,
jj the morning hour having expired, to be House
bill No. 103, in relation to neutral rights, the con-
sideration of winch was postponed at the last ses-
sion of Congress to this day.
Mr. COX moved that its further consideration
be postponed until the third Monday in January
next.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL,
j: Mr. STEVENS,from the Committee of Ways
|j and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
ij for ^thc support of the Army for the fiscal year
|! ending the 30th of June, 1864; which was read a
jj first and sccond time, referred to the Committee
l; of the Whole on the state of the Union, ordered
to be printed, and made the special order for
Thursday next, at one o'clock.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the same committee,
reported a bill making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1864; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, ordered
to be printed, and made the special order for Fri-
day next, at one o'clock.
SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table Senate
resolution No. 108, for increasing the bond of the
Supeiintendentof Public Printing, in order that it
may be put on its passage.
There was no objection, and the joint resolution
was taken up and read a first and second time. It
provides for increasing the bond of the Superin-
; tendent of Public Printing to $40,000.
I Thejointresolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time, and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CLARK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOSSES OF LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to move that House bill No. 401, re-
lating to claims for the loss and destruction of
propei ty belonging to loyal citizens, and damages
thereto by the troops of the United States, during
the present rebellion, and the several amendments
thereto, recommitted to the Committee of Claims,
be printed for the use of the House.
There was no objection, and the motion was
agreed to. '
MISSISSIPPI SHIP CANAL.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, House bill No.
288, to construct a ship canal for the passage of
armed naval vessels from the Mississippi river to
Lake Michigan, and for other purposes, was spe-
cially assigned for the 18th of this month. A res-
olution on kindred subjects has been referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and as that com-
mittee has not yet reported, I move that the fur-
ther consideration of the bill be postponed until
the first Tuesday in January next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve use] fin to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw the motion to go into
committee until the call of the States has been
gone through with. Most of the Suites have been
already called.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
1 MIAMI INDIANS.
Mr. SHANKS introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read,considered,andagreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior inform thf 
Hou*(? whether the permanent annuities for the year 1854
and 1855, payable to th«' Miami tribe of Indians, in accoui-
ance with the sixth article of the treaty with said tribe o(
June 0, 1854, have been paid to said tribe.
HENRY W. DIMAN.
Mr. SHEFFIELD introduced the following
resolution:"'
Resolved, (the Senate concurring in the passage hereof.)
That the accounting officer of the Treasurj be, and th*v
hereby are, directed to adjust the account's of Henr\ W.
Diman, late acting assistant paym.iMei in the Navy, who^e
hooks and papers were sunk and lost in the transport
&te«unpr Whiteman, July 18, 18G*2, m the Mississippi rivr,
m accordance with the principles of equity and justice.
The resolution was read a first and second time,
and, on motion of Mr. Sheffield, was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PROVISIONS FOR ENGLAND.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING introduced the fol-
lowing: joint resolution:
Resolved by ike Senate and Home of Representatives in
Confess assejnblrd, That the Secretary of the Navy be au-
thorized to dispatch an armed vessel ollhe I mted States,
or, if in his judgment nec<-s^ary,two armed ves-selfc, t<>oon-
voy any ship or ships which may he sent to carry contribu-
tions for the relief of the suffering opeiatives of Eugland.
The resolution was read a first and second time-
