1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
the constitution. And yet some people seem to
insist that this ordinanceof secession thus adopted
by this convention, in violation of their plainest
duties,moral, legal, and constitutional—in the face
of this solemn constitutional enactment of the peo-
ple—sought to change the nationality of the State,
without even asking the people—the greal source
and giver of all political power—whether it suited
them or not!
The Governor and other officers of the State
may abandon it, but the people of that State will
cling to the Union as they have always done, and*
will continue to do, until all hope from the loyal
portion of this Union has gone, and you refuse
absolutely to have us in the Union.
Mr. Speaker, the question of the loyalty of our
districts can admit of no doubt, if gentlemen will
familiarize themselves with the doings of this peo-
ple. It is a notorious fact that the jails of New
Orleans were crowded with the loyal citizens of
Louisiana who refused to approve the treasona-
ble doings and submit to the authority of the rebel
government. It is a notorious fact that many of
our loyal citizens were ruthlessly driven from
their homes and families and sent to the North;
and there are some now in the galleries of this
House, honoring me us their Representative with
their attention, who for their love of this Union
are refugees and exiles from the State of Louisiana.
My osvn colleague, for his patriotism and the phi-
lanthropic motives which induced him to visit the
parish prison in the city of New Orleans for the
purpose of furnishing the Union prisoners brought
there from the battle-field of Bull Run with blank-
etsand clothing, was torn from his home, from an
interesting family, conveyed first to Tennessee,
~and then sent North.
Such are some of the persecutions which Union
men in southern Louisiana were compelled to bear.
Are you not all familiar with the official dispatches
of Commodore Farragut to the Government in
Washington, in which he states that when his
vessels came up the Mississippi river and landed
in front of the city of New Orleans, the women
and children, the crowd of citizens assembled on
the levee of that great city, shouted and threw up
their hands with joy and delight at beholding
again the old flag, and that ruffian confederate sol-
diers who had not yet abandoned the city fired
upon those women and children from the rear?
Ask me whether the people of that State are
loyal? The moment that General Butler entered
the city the people, with a rapidity which was as
commendable as anything in the American char-
acter, came forward and gave proof of their fidel-
ity to their Government by renewing their alle-
giance by solemn oath, which was not forced upon
them, an oath which they took voluntarily; and
they immediately formed Union associations for
the purpose of developing the Union sentiment of
that city and neighborhood; and they, the citizens,
with their own patriotic hands, hoisted the Amer-
ican flag on the City Hall. And, sir, on the 3d
of December last, eight thousand good and loyal
citizens of the first and second congressional dis-
tricts, boldly,manfully, and patriotically, against
the threats of secessionists, came up m broad day-
light to the polls and sent their Representatives to
your Congress.
I say that this people are loyal, and that noth-
ing can be traced to them which affordsjjood proof
of disloyalty. Men have, no doubt, oeen there
from Richmond, or thereabouts, who have made
a grand show of loyalty to the confederate gov-
ernment; but, sir, they were not the people of my
district; they were not the people of Louisiana;
and they had no right to represent, in any form
or shape, the sentiments of the people of that
State.
Now, a great deal has been said here about the
registry laws applying to the city of New Orleans.
The distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham,] the other day, referred to one clause m
the registiy law which provided thata man should
not be registered unless he had taken an oath of
allegiance to the confederate States.
In the year 1856 the Legislature of Louisiana
passed a law providing, in order that there should
be no difficulty at the polls on election day as to
a man's right to vote, and to prevent frauds, &c.,
that he should go, pievious to the election day,
and have his name registered, upon presenting the
proper evidence of his qualifications as a voter.
Copies of this registration list were to be distrib-
uted at all the voting places in the city on the day
of election, so that when a man presented himself
to vote whose name was on the registry list, the
commissioners of elections should consider him
as qualified and entitled to vote, and no question
could be raised or discussion take place as to his
right.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from
Louisiana do mc the favor to inform me whether
the registry law of 1856, to which he refers, was
a general law ?
Mr. HAHN. It only refers to the city of New
Orleans. There is no legistry law outside of
that city. It provides only for the city of New
Orleans, in accordance with a constitutional di-
rection to the Legislature; but in 1861 a rebel
Legislature, under the dictation of the Governor,
passed an act destroying this former loyal regis-
try, and providing that thereafter no man should
be registered unless^he would take the oath of al-
legiance to the confederate States. That, I say,
wnsunconstitutional. That act was null and void,
and no loyal man of the city of New Orleans
caused himself to be registered under that act. 1
do not believe that any election was held under
that act. When the American flag was again su-
preme in New Orleans, and the people began to
discuss the question of representation in the Uni-
ted States Congress, a new registry was adopted
under the first act of 1856, which was a loyal and
constitutional act.
Mr. W1CICL1FFE. I ask the gentleman to
inform me of one fact, i am laboring under the
impression, though you have a registry act to gov-
ern the election in the city of New Orleans, yet
that if a qualified voter, known to be such, failed
to be registend, he would be allowed to vote.
Mr. HAIIN. He was not according to that
law a voter unless the registry showed that he had
been legistered. No matter, however, whether
his name was subsequently omitted on the copies
of the registry furnished at the polls, he was en-
titled to vote if he produced a certificate that he
had ever been registered, and shown his right as
a citizen. The report of the committee quotes the
law.
Thisoiiginal and loyal registry was done away
with by the rebel legislature. We commenced
another on which none but loyal citizens of the
United States and of the city of New Orleans
should be registered. Under that registry this
election was held. It has been said by the elo-
quent gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees]
that the first knowledge he had of a desire to hold
this election was the proclamation of the military
governor of Louisiana; thus implying that the peo-
ple did not first move in this matter. I will tell
him, sir, that bound files oI*New Orleans papers
were submitted to the Committee of Elections,
and an examination of their pages will satisfy the
gentleman that long before the proclamation was
issued the people were agitating the question, and
1 demanding that the governor should call this elec-
tion. The Union associations considered the sub*
ject, and passed resolutions demanding that he
should call this election. The papeis discussed
it. Correspondence took place with the President
of ihe United States. It was not until a long time
had elapsed, and after a strong pressure had been
brought to bear on the military governor, that he
would order an election.
Mr. VOORHEES. If I was mistaken in the
statement which 1 made, nothing will give me
more pleasure than to correct it. I do not pre-
1 tend that my recollection is as clear as that of the
! gentleman from Louisiana. What I intended to
l have said was this: that I knew of no meeting-—
; that is the wotd, which will be found reported in
' the Globe—that I knew of no meeting of citizens
i with a view to an election until after the prociama-
; tion of the military governor. That this question
! was agitated and discussed by those who control
i the press is undoubtedly true. Ifameetingoccurred
| before this, it escaped my attention. Of course
! I will stand corrected by that superior knowledge
j of the gentleman from Louisiana, i do not wisii
! to make an incorrect statement to piejudioe this j
1 case, for, as 1 said in my remarks a few days ago, >
: both of the. gentlemen from Louisiana have so j
' borne themselves as to entitle them to t lie greatest '
| consideration and respect.
Mr. HAHN. I am rejoiced, Mr. Speaker, that
the gentleman has somewhat modified his state- j
ment; but the fact is well known m Louisiana, I
and known to the citizens of that State now within
the hearing of my voice, that this proclamation'
was issued after long consideration antl greatpres-
sure on the authouties by the loyal people,
Mr. VOORHEES. Let me inquire of the gen-
tleman from Louisiana whether a public meeting
took place before the proclamation?
Mr. HAHN. The Union associations of New
Orleans passed resolutions and appointed com-
mittees on that subject. They called on the mili-
tary governor and demanded an election from him.
$Tow, with regard to the military governor. We
are told that we must have a Governor Gentle-
men have argued as though ThomaaO. Moore is
still our Governor. In the name of the loyal peo-
ple, then, I protest against Thomas 0. Moore be-
ing the Governor of Louisiana. In the names of
(hose citizens incarcerated and driven from their
homes and families for the love they bore to the
flag which ornaments this Hall—in their name
I protest against the recognition of Thomas O.
Moore as Governor. In the name of the soldiers of
the United States who were sent from the forts and
barracks of Louisiana and shipped to the northern
States I protest against his being Governor. In the
name of the eight thousand loyal citizens who
have sent u.s here I protest against his being con-
sidered our Governor. We do not respect him
as such. The Governor we respect there, call him
civil governor, call him military governor, call him
governor de facto, call him usurper, if you please,
the governor we recognize is George F\ Shepley.
His act& are respectcd. He fills vacancies in judge-
ships and other civil offices. And let me say here
that all of the judges have not become rebels. The
judge present at the counting of the votes which
sent us here, and who assisted in making the evi-
dence of the returns as required by law, is the
same who was judge before secession took place,
and who has never forfeited his allegiance to the
United States. It is a mistaken opinion to sup-
pose that every officer has turned secessionist.
Now, Go vernorShepley appoints ourjudges and
justices of the peace, and all other officers of n civil
character whose appointmentsdevolve on theGov-
ernor. He performs all civil acts; and we care not
what kind of Governor he be called, he acts there
as Governor and we respect him as such. Estates
have been o'pened and important wills have been
probated under his appointments, and no excep-
tions have been taken to these important proceed-
ings in Louisiana.
Mr. WRIGHT. How many loyal men has
your district and your colleague's district fur-
nished to the Army of the United States?
Mr. HAHN. 1 will answer the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. When General Butler's army land-
ed in New Orleans a great many of his regiments
were diminished in the number of soldiers, and it
became necessary to recruit them. He filled those
regiments up to their full number by enlisting
about two thousand; he formed in addition sepa-
rate regiments, making in all four thousand men.
In this 1 do not include the three thousand colored
soldiers there enlisted.
Now, sir, having answered the gentleman's
question, in order to go further in showing that
we recognize Governor Shepley ?s acts, f wiif read
a resolution which passed unanimously at a large
mass meeting of the people of New Orleans, held
on Saturday, November 16,1862. It is as follows:
"Resolved, That General Shepley, our military governor,
in hn management of the pnhhe alTVuis of this Common-
wealth, has biiovvn adrmiubtrative talents of a high oider.
Ilia measures: have been prudent and well eonsideied. and
his intercouise with our people has gone far towaiiU secur-
ing not only a warm regard for him personal!}', but a con-
fidence in the purposes* of the Administration towaids our-
selves and our tello\v-cmzen ."
That there may be no mistake about the char-
acter of that meeting, 1 will read another resolution
that was passed. It is as follows:
''Resolved, That our only hope of &eeuiiagtbe blesSjncs oi
freedom to ourselves and our children is in the peipofuat
union of thesu' States; that, as agre.it pioqro-ive ii.ifion,
we can onlv advance surely and safely m the Unto'i« that
oar nationality depends cntirelv, for r'-p^ct abroad and
aficetion at home, upon the Union; and that our fu&t and
our hii;lie-t and most imperative duty is to pre.eive
! thif Union in m iu integrity. < The (hnon, it mu^l and shall
j he pi v-erved ';5
Those are the sentiments of the people who have
elected my colleague and myself to this Congress;
; and those arc the sentiment's of the people of those
i two congressional districts almost unanimous}"/,
1 and of the men who recognize the acts of George
F. Shepley as Governor of that State.
