1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
February If,
3Sow, 1 suppose it is not necessary for rae to
show you the absolute justice of allowing those
people to ertjoy their rights under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, if theyare to be bur-
dened with the duties, for the distinguished gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Thomas] yes-
terday made this matter so clear, and presented
it in sue!) a legal and logical shape, that I would
only be doing damage to his argument by going
over the same ground. I will not trouble the
House with any more of the facts of this case un-
lessgentlemen desire somefurtherknowledge upon
any particular point.
Mr. DUNN. I desire to know from the gen-
tleman the number of votes which were cast in
the district which he claims to represent,and also
the number of votes which were cast in the dis-
trict which his colleague claims to represent; and
I wish to know, further, how those votes compare
in number with the votes which have previously
been cast in the same districts.
Mr. HAHN. The vote m my district has here-
tofore been between eight and ten thousand. In
this election it was 5,117. I d<> not know precisely
the \fote cast in the district of my colleague, hut
the report of the Committee of Elections will
qhow that. But this I will say, that the vote re-
ceived by my colleague alone is larger than the
vote received by the gentleman who last held a
sent upon this floor from Jus district.
Now, sir, a great many people of the State of
Louisiana, particulaily of our part of the State,
were taken ofTiu various ways, so that the number
of citizens was considerably diminished. Many
men had been taken away forcibly into the con-
federate army, but they are rapidly returning to
the city of New Orleans by all the byways they
can search out. A great many citizens who did
not wish to stay there, subject to the insults of the
rebel leaders, had gone North. Four thousand
men joined the Union Army, and they did not
participate in this election. When you duly weigh
and consider all these facts, you cannot but con-
clude that the vote given on the 3d of December
last was a fair and even a large vote.
Mr. Speaker, good men throughout the length
arid breadth of the land are anxious to see Louisi-
ana again represented on this floor.
Mr. CIUSFIELD. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man one question. lie says that four thousand
of these men from the two districts enlisted in the
Federal Army. Can the gentleman state, or has
he the means of knowing, how many of these
were qualified electors in those two districts?
Mr. HAHN. Of course it would be impossi-
ble to determine the exact number; but even if we
should take half of them as not being qualified
electors—a liberal allowance—it would go to show
that at least two thousand votes were wanting at
the polls on the .'Id of December because they had
enrolled themselves in the Union Army.
Mr. HARRISON. Ithasheen repeatedly urged
during this debate that the electors of the flist and
second congressional districts of Louisiana were
actuated, in the holding of the elections whose
validity the House ivS considering, by the sole pur-
pose of endeavonng thereby to save their slave
property from the effects of the then contemplated
"emancipation proclamation" of the President,
and that they were not moved by a real, sincere de-
sire to be represented, in ^ood faith, in the Con-
gress of the United States. The gentleman has per-
sonal knowledge of the facts, and he will oblige the
House by removing all just ground for contro-
versy or doubt upon this point in the eases by
stating, in direct terms, the actual truth in regard
to it.
Mr. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Tiiom\s] has already saved
me that trouble; but for fear he might not have
been heard by other members of this House, I will
refer you to the President's proclamation of the
22d of Septembei last, in which he does not prom-
ise any congressional districts of the southern
States to exempt them from the order of emanci-
pation, unless a majority of the whole State would
cast its vote for members of Congress. The lan-
guage of the Executive is that he will, on the 1st
day of January, 1863—
Designate the Strata nnd pa it« of States, if.my, in which
the people thereof le^pecttveiy sdiall then be in rebellion
against the United .States; ami the laet thai any .State, or
the people thereof, shall on that day be in good faith repre-
sented in the Cou^rft^ or the United ^tale* by members
chosen thereto at elections win rem a mijoiityot t quali-
fied voter-, of such StaleshaU have participated,Muxll, in the
absence of strong eountei vailing testimony, be deemed con-
| cltfsive evidence that such State, and the people thereol,
j are not then in rebellion against the United States."
i' It is true that in the same proclamation thePres-
ident reserves to himself the right, if he chooses,
! thereafter to exempt particular districts. But the
j promise which ho held out was, if a majority of a
I1 whole State would show their loyalty and leturn
members of Congress, then he would exempt the
State. So far as the majority votes of districts
are concerned, he made no positive promise upon
the subject; and the citizens of Louisiana, as in-
telligent men, could not calculate upon it in the
manner proclaimed on this floor. Without en-
tering into a constitutional controversy here I will
say that the people of Louisiana do not stand in
this Union upon any selfish platform attributed to
them by some. They stand by this Union, he-
cause they think it is the most perfect and the most
liberal system of governmentathat the wit of man
ever devised; and they arc willing—to-day they
are willing—to make any sacrifice m the world,
consistent with freemen, lo remain a part of this
Union.
I was about to state before J was interrupted
by my fuend [Mr. Harrison-] that the people of
the whole country wouid rejoice lo sec Louisiana
again represented upon this floor, and doing her
proper and constitutional share in every pair and
place in the Government where work is to be
done, views given, or good words spoken in be-
half of the salvation of the Union. Sir, great
advantages must, necessarily accrue to the Union
cause by the admission of members from those
States wnieh have been in rebellion. True-hearted
American citizens everywheie, whether at home
or abroad, will derive now couiago, and be in-
spired by fresh hopes, at the knowledge of the fact
that now again, as in the good old times of peace,
the far South, the mouth of the Mississippi, sends
her Repiesentatives here to unite with those from
M nine and Cahfoi ma and Minnesota in brotherl y
and patriotic consultation for the happiness and
glory of our common country. And the very ad-
mission of such members will do more than any-
thing else to crush out and extinguish the wicked
expectations of foreign Governments m regaid
to the fate of this Republic.
And even, sir, within the limits of the dreary
and desolated region of the rebellion itself, de-
spair, which has ah cady taken hold of the people,
will gain additional power and strength at the re-
ception of the news that Louisiana sends a mes-
sage of peace, good will, and hearty fellowship to
the Union. This intelligence will sound more
joyfully to patriot ears than all the oft-repeated
tid mgs of" U nion victories." And of all victories,
this will bo the mosfglorious, useful, and solid,
for it speaks of reorganization^ soon to become the
great and diiliruU piobiem with which our states-
men will have to familiarize themselves. And
when this shall have been commenced we will he
able to realize that God, in His infinite mercy, has
looked down upon our misfortunes, and m a spirit
of paternal love and pity has addressed us in the
language ascribed to Llim by our o\$i gifted Long-
fellow:
'• I am weaiy of jour quarrels,
Weary of join wars and bloodshed,
Weaiy ot your piajeislbi vengeance,
Of your wrangling'* and dissensions..
All your '-tiongih h in your 7nuo?i,
All your danger l-s in discord,
Then-fore be at peace hencforwaid,
And a* biotheis hve together/'
Mr. Speaker, Louisiana—ever loyal, honorable
Louisiana—seeks no gieater blessing in the fu-
ture than to lemain a pai t of this great and glori-
ous Union. She has stood by you in the daikest
hours of this rebellion; and she intends evei to
stand by you. Sir, raise your eyes to the gor-
geous ceilings which ornament this Hall, and look
upon her fair and lovely escutcheon. Carefully
read the patriotic words which surround her af-
fectionate pelican family, and you will find there
inscribed "Justice, Union, Confidence." Those
words with us have no idle meaning; and would
to God that other members of this Union could
propetly appreciate our motto, our motives, and
| our position !
Reject the Representatives of Louisiana to-day,
disfranchise her, withhold her dearest and most
cherished right as a State under the Constitution;
but if you do that, let not that lovely escutcheon
look down upon you with solemn mockery, but
remove it from your sight, and tear from yonder
glorious emblem of our country's greatness our
bright and shining star.
Mr. Speaker, instead of diminishing those stars
in number, and instead of curtailing the fair pro-
portions of this Union, we in Louisiana are in fa-
vor ofadding to the numberand brilliancy of those
stars and of standing by and maintaining this
Union, under all circumstances, in its integrity, so
that all American citizens can proudly and truth-
fully proclaim in the poetic language of Byron:
* Far a* ihc eye can reaeh, the billows roam,
Survey our empire, and behold our home.
Those are our realms, no limit to their sway;
Our flag, the scepter all who meet obey."
[Suppressed applause.]
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question oidered, being first upon Mr.
Yeaman's amendment.
Mr. YEAMAN. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
i Mr. IJOLMAN. The amendment embraces
two le.solutions. 1 ask for separate votes on them.
The SPEA l£ELl stated that the gentleman from
, M assachusetts [Mr. Dawes] was entitled to the
| floor foi one hour to close the debate.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, in the ordinary
couise of debate upon questions hcie, it is ex-
pected thatthe debate will beclosed by those who
bring forward the proposition lo be voted upon.
I must say, however, thai after what has fallen
from the gentleman from Louisiana, (Mr. Hahn,)
I follow no inclination of mine in disturbing the
j effect which I cannot but feel has been made upon
the judgment as well as the heat Land patriotism
' of this House by the words he has uttered in
, behalf of himself and the other claimant from
■ Louisiana.
I Sir, it ill becomes one like me, who has been
; called upon to make comparatively no sacrifices,
j to whom no test has been applied to prove how
much I may be willing to do or to suffer in behalf
of the Union, to attempt to speak after one who
, comes from a people who has suffeied so long,
1 and suffered so much to rescue themselves and
| ihose situated like them from the grasp of that
I rebellion which has seemed sometimes sufficient
i not only to cope with them, but to overcome us,
| also.
! Hut there are some things which, perhaps, it
would not have been proper for him to notice;
some statements and aiguments offered here
against their claim that it belongs to the commit-
tee as well as they may, to take notice of and i cply
to. Without the assumption, then, or pretense,
that I can perform it bettor than any one else, hut
simply because upon some member of the com-
mittee alone can it devolve under the rules, I ven-
ture to ask the House for a very few moments for
then patient car.
It will be in vain for me to attempt to interest
the House into silence. I must trespass upon their
courtesy that far; and therefore I wish them, not
foi my sake, or for that of the committee, but for
the sake of the magnitude of this question, ad-
mitted by almost every gentleman who has ad-
dressed the House upon the subject, to b' greater
than almost any other that has come before the
House for its consideiation, to pay such attention
to what I may say as their duty prompts, if not
their inclination.
There are some things, as was well said yester-
day, about which we all agree. No gentleman,
I think, disputes now but that it was a free elec-
tion; that in the form m which it was executed
the electors in these districts had the freest op-
poitunity to express themselves at the ballot-box
that had been vouchsafed to them for many a year;
that they dtd come up m fullness of numbers and
in a freedom of spirit that it would be well for the
electors in other distiicts to emulate rather than
condemn; that they conformed to all the require-
ments of law with a single exception; that they
conformed to all the requirements of law without
ail exception which it was within their power to
conform to; that there was nothing from the mi-
nutest up to the most important requisition of the
statutes of Louisiana, or of the constitution of the
State, or of the nation, to which the electors in
these districts did not, so far as it was in their
power, conform m letter and in spirit; that there
was a vacancy, and that they had been for nearly
two long years without representation upon this
floor.
