96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15.
ton Head; but he has been there, observing how
the young African learns to shoot in a-b-ahs, and I
how the black brigade learns to shoot in platoons.
He has no doubt observed what the President told
the preachers, " that they eat, and that was all."
Perhaps he might tell us how many thousands,
under this humanitarian regime, we have already
living at our national festive board, and singing
the song:
"Old Uncle Sam's the landlord—-wo eat and drink our
fill;
And the wisdom of the measure is—there's nothing tor
the bill.'1
The House refused us this information last ses-
sion; and since then they have increased and scat-
tered over the land, until they number hundreds
of thousands. We hear of four hundred wagon
loads in Mississippi, several thousand in the dis-
trict of my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Allen,]
thousands here in the District; and for their sus-
tenance and elevation, the overburdened people
are to be taxed, while the families of white sol-
diers clamor for food in our cities. The House
this afternoon voted down the resolution of in-
quiry of my friend from Maryland, [Mr. Cal-
vert,] as to the cost of the contraband business
in Carolina. I assert here that the report of the
quartermaster at Beaufort, South Carolina, will
show that for the month of September four gen-
eral superintendents received $150 per month, and
sixty-four other superintendents received $50 per
month, for taking care of ninety-throe negroes!
This report shows $3,800 per month, being at the
rati? of $45,GOO per annum for the care of ninety-
three, big and little, male and female, " free Amer-
icans of African descent." Athousand dollars per
year would astonish a western farmer for such a
service. But we are refused all information as to
this and similar infamous abuses. But the time
is near when ail will be out. Why are these things
hidden from the people? I think my colleague
might have given us some of his observations on
this head while he was in the South. The con-
solation for this the Executive gives us, when he
tells our people that white men can go down and
take the places of slaves, if they do not like having
the slaves coming North to jostle and oust them
from their places.
I, too, like the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson,] am anxious to support the Exec-
utive in crushing this armed sedition in the South,
and will support him whenever he is upon the
proper path. The elections never meant to with-
draw from him the conservative support, if he had
pursued the policy marked out at the extra ses-
sion. But the people have condemned the chimer-
ical scheme of compensated emancipation which
ho has again announced, and which my colleague
defends; a scheme which the President thinks
will save the enormous outlays for the war, by
abolishing its cause—slavery. How can we ap-
ply those simple Mother Goose melodies of the
message—that it is not so easy to pay something
as nothing, or easier to pay a large sum than a
larger one—when emancipation will add to the
larger sum something larger still, by " rcinvigor-
ating the rebellion?" One important question
seems never to have been considered at the White
House—what if abolition does not end the war?
If ihe fear of abolition whs in part the cause of the
war, will abolition stop if? If there were any-
thing true in the motto, "like cures like," :his
might be logic; hut, unfortunately, like causes
produce like effects. It is utteily wild to expect
that the South will disband or'be reconciled or be
conquered by abolition, since abolition banded
them in arms against us.
If the President make real the fears which led
them to arm against the Government, the war will
be embittered, prolonged, and made moie expens-
ive. Untold millions will be added as well for
the idle purpose of turning over to the Treasury
or the poor house the Africans freed from their
masters, as to pay for the slaves when freed.
But we are told the integrity of the Union will
be assured; and the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] has introduced resolutions look-
ing to this end.
The import uf his resolutions is confined to the
unity and indivisibility of the Union. The second
and fourth propositions are all included in the lirst.
The second expresses the stigma which ought to
be fixed on him who would violate the nationahn-
tegrity, which is asserted in the first: and the fourth
expresses the resolve never to have that integrity
broken "in two." But, sir, there is carefully omit-
ted all expression against destroying or impairing
our Government as established by the Constitu-
tion, with its present departments, and its present
local , State, and Federal relations. Members can
vote for those resolutions, yet be in favor of thor-
oughly changing these relations. The gentleman
can defend forever the unity of the United States,
its territory and Government, yet insidiously favor
a system of centralized power. A dictatorship has
already been heralded by him here; and it is not
inconsistent with these resolutions. Every inch
of our domain might remain under our flag, yet
that flag might be made the emblem of a new and
odious political system. Theframers of the Con-
stitution admonished us that if we should crush
out the States, though the territory might remain,
yet our liberties would be lost.
The unity of a parcel of provinces, held by a
martial iron grip, or tethered by prison bounds,
is not the unity of the American Constitution. In
a unity like that, with the States eclipsed, how
could you make a Senate, an electoral college, or
a President? Strike outthe planets, and you have
i no system. He is an idiot who thinks our geog-
raphy ought to be preserved at the price of our
freedom. Do you want to reproduce the alliance
of Ireland with England ? VVnetia with Austria ?
How will you hoicl it? By large armies,atenor-
, mous cost? How, in case of foreign war, could
' i you pi e&erve such a Union ? Even our Territories
>| grow restive under Federal rule, and clamor to be
|j States in their nonage. Such a scheme of mili-
!j tary satrapies, menacing our northern liberty and
!i leading to endless intrigue, it is idle and criminal
;j to contemplate. The people will have none of it.
]| They have thus instructed us, in thunder tones,
j| at the recentelections. They desire no other form
;| or fact of government than such as the Constitu- j
!! tion gives; no other flag than that which has all ]
the stars in equal luster, and no black interpolated {
between the red, white, and blue. i
Doubtless this popular will has reached the gen- ;
tleman from Pennsylvania. Last session, he be-
gan with a bill which proposed, by unconstitu-
tional legislation, to change the relations of local
interests from State to Federal control. Now he
preserves, as to that, a discreet silence in his reso-
lutions,and only proposes a unity of territory and j
Government. The people demand the territory as |
it was, the Government as it is, and no meddling !
with the area of the one or the functions of the j
other, by any party, with any force, by any laws, }
or for any purpose, m the interest of any species
of philanthropy, or for the benefit of any race, .
| red, white, or black 1
But, sir, I do not complain that the gentleman
has omitted in his resolutions any expression as
to preserving the rights, equality, and dignity of
the States under the Constitution. Who would
believe that such expressions were sincere, after j
the vote of fhe gentleman on the Slstof July last ,
for a resolution of that kind, offered by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden.] The :
| gentleman from Pennsylvania is no hypocrite.
|i Tlie time for pretenses has gone by. The mas- j
; j querade is over. He will drag no unpleasantcorpse i
,I of memory about with him. Greatsouls care not ■
sj for consistency. The Crittenden resolutions are :
; in the dead past with him. The State suicide i
|j doctrine is now openly avowed. The constitu- •
,j tional guarantees to personal liberty and private *
;! property are set at naught. The purpose so long '
j hinted at and indirectly attempted—to abolish j
i slavery by Federal legislation or executive proc-
;■ lamat'.on—has become the shibboleth of a party,
.j and the avowed object of the war. It wouid not ;
jj have done to luwe avowed this purpose at the be-
,j ginning of the war. As has been said by the ,
!! Atlantic Monthly, the organ of the abolition dilet- '
'' tante in Boston: 1
j *'• Tiio oppo-itnu to Hi" ^onthpm seci'ecton took it« fiivt i
'' form a.- a i.illy by ai! parties to the deieiw or the Constitu- >
lion nnd the maintenance of the Union. For any anti-'da- ,
|! vorv zi-ai to have attempted to d;v<;itthr aiou od patiiou-m 1
,! ol the land to a bieaoh <>i one ot us fundamental con^iil-i- ;
jj tional piovi-ion- woii'd have b. en troachetous and funic;
tin1 ma. )iit\ ot our enlisted patitotif *>oldi«n:> would have ;
, laid down their aims it the leading*: of lhovidonce .-hall
dnect the thickening «tul4; into an extenmnating ciu-ade •
I, against slavery, donbtlehh oiu patriots will wait on P«ovi-
,{ donee. Hut we could not have stcutod in out &teru work ,
, avowing that as an object of our own v
,j The war began for the hoiy object of national '
salvation, by the defense of thr" Constitution. The
effort is now made to end it as a disgraceful cru-
sade against slavery, betraying the patriotism of
the land, and mocking the hopes of mankind. It
began for the noblest purpose; it will end, unless
restored by the popular voice, now assuming its
olden tone again, in diabolical and merciless ex-
termination of territory, property, States, Gov-
ernment, and Union. -
It is not my purpose now to condemn or dis-
cuss the acts of the last session. The nation has
passed upon them, and there is no need of reso-
lutions or speeches to explain their action. If the
gentleman thought by introducing his resolutions
that he could discover any lack of national feel-
ing, any sympathy with this unnatural rebellion,,
or any "desire here to have this nation changed in
polity, symmetry, or geography, he was mistaken.
If the President, in his message, thought that his
argument in favor of the physical union of these
States was needed to teach the people true views
or new views, he was mistaken. The meaning of
the late elections is, that no separation of these
States can ever be permitted. The people have
registered their oaths at the ballot-boxes, that no
infraction of the Constitution shall be suffered.
They wili have unity without the aid of such coun-
sels. They will have their ancient and written
charter of liberties, in spite of all attempts to
despoil them. There was no need of such reso-
lutions; there was need of other resolutions,
voted down by the other side—resolutions to stop
irresponsible and arbitrary arrests; resolutions
against changing the form of our Government;
resolutions against wholesale and expensive phi-
lanthropic experiments, which tend to destroy the
moral, leligious, political, and physical substance
and unity of the nation.
I know the impression has been created among
the weaker portion of the now weaker party that
the late elections are somehow an expiession in
favor of secession. If this were true, what a mes-
sage of encouragement it wouid be to the rebellion !
Those who circulate libels upon the people of the
North,either cannot have the sense to perceive their
effect, or are regardless of the truth. If it whb
true, how pitiful would be the condition of this
nation. The rebels find no such encouragement
in these elections. But the Richmond Examiner,
of November 21, does find in the " policy of the
radical party North that which alone could have
eradicated the deep-rooted sentiment of Union
from the southern bosom." It does find "that
the radical party have pursued a policy which has
consolidated southern sentiments and united our
[their] people as one man in support of the war."
Such was the belief of the people as to the effect
of radicalism; and hence the result in Ohio and
the Northwest. A t the East, let that noble cham-
pion, the Governor elect of New York, speak as
to the significance of the election in that State, hi
his speech, before the election, at Brooklyn, Ho-
ratio Seymour said:
"Now, when the men of the South made the bayonet and
the sword the at biter, they elected, and not we; when tti>r/
dctcnnincd to settle it bv blood, (and riot we.) the sword, *•«>
far as the pte-ent i- concerned, must be tin/arbiter; and in
our strong light arms it shall stuke vicoious and true blow*
for the life of our country, for its institution**, and foi its
flag. Now, let me say this to the higner law men ot th«
Not th, and to the higher law men of tiiu South, and to the
whole world that look-, on as- witnesses ro the mighty events
tianspiiing in this cou.itiy. thai this Union -hall never be
severed; no, nevet. Wintevei other men may say, as for
the conservative people of this country, and as lor my-elf
as an individual—let other men say and think what tncy
plea-e—as lor the division ot tins Union, and tin btcakmi;
up of that great natural alliance winch is niad>- by nature
and by natme's God, f never will consent to it, no, never,
an long as 1 iiavc a voice to raise or a hand to fight for this
our glorious land."
The executive message as to the indivisibility
of the United States, and the icsolutions of the
gentleman, are but the feeble ccho of this stalwart
cry of the people: "That this Union shall never
he severed—no, never. The natural alliance
made by naturo and nature's God shall never be
btoken—never!" It was beean.se the people feared
this, that they have hurled so many of you from
yourseats heie. The epitaph upon this Congress,
w hich with a glad prophetic grace I had the honor
to pencil for your political sepulchers at the last
session, will be carved in that ondming marble
which will be at once the grave of sedition and the
monument of loyalty.
It has been asseited that the people have con-
demned this Administration because there was not
a vigorous prosecution of the war. The dismissal
