THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. .0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 18,1862.
NeW Series No* 7-:
of General McClellan was justified because, as it
was alleged, he had not dasli or movement enough
to satisfy the electors of the country. Facts, in
letters and dispatches which are yet to transpire,
will show, first, that this is a mere pretext; and
second, that there were other reasons for the dis-
missal. My distinguished and sagacious friend
from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] inferred that the
real reason for that dismissal was, that McClellan
did not agree with the emancipation and other radi-
cal schemes of the Cabinet. I assert hereasafact,
which I do know, and which confirms the infer-
ences of my friend, that the President was, about
the middle of July, informed distinctly of the mode
by which and the principles upon which General
McClellan intended the war to be conducted and
the Union saved. He was advised thatMcClellan
disapproved of any infraction of the laws of civ-
ilized and Christian warfare; that he disapproved
of arbitrary arrests in places where the insurrec-
tion did not prevail; that he did not contemplate
any seizure of private property for the support of
the Army, or for punishing and desolating the re-
gion invaded; but that he earnestly pleaded that
the war should be carried on as a duel between
organized armies, and not against non-combatants;
that the institutions of the States should be pro-
tected ; that no proclamation offreedom, incensing
a servile race to indiscriminate massacre of help-
less whites, and inviting the destruction of unof-
fending blacks, should be permitted; in fine, that
wherever it was possible, the military should be
subordinate to the civil authority, and the Con-
stitution alone should be the guide and glory of
heroic sacrifice!
This plan did not suit radicalism. It was not
obnoxious to the President in the summer, but,
somehow, it became so in the fall; and hence the
general of the Potomac suddenly became un-
skilled in the art of war. His science in creating
and inspiring an army after Bull Run was forgot-
ten. His grand movement and splendid fighting
before Richmond were ignored. His attempt to
tako Richmond was belittled, although he plead,
as it were for the life of the nation, for reinforce-
ments, without which he made no promise and
had no hope of success. His superb battles in
Maryland; his salvation of Washington from the
blunders of Pope, or those over him, were con-
veniently slighted. It was pretended that he did
not move fast enough after the battle of Antietam;
that he was abundantly supplied,-but failed to
pursue the defeated enemy. Time will show who
are to blame for failing to supply the army at
that critical time. Such pretexts will hardly stand
before the official records which will be published.
At the time when McClellan was dismissed, he
was moving his immense army more than ten
miles a day. His cavalry was driving the enemy
before them, and his infantry and artillery were
pushing them back from the frowning gapsof the
Blue Ridge. His movements were as fust aspru-
dence, in such a situation, warranted.
No, sir; this removal of the general whose gen-
uine patriotism and skillful genius had inspired
the Army with enthusiasm, was a sacrifice to
appease the ebony fetich. But he was displaced
for Burnside, true; and lie told his army to stand
by Burnside as they had by him. And the noble
Burnside had told us that McClellan was "an hon-
est, Christian-like*, and conscientious man, with
the soundest head and clearest military perception
of any man in the United States." Fatal words'
They have in them the ultimate fate of "Burnside.
Let us pray for his success fervently, as he, no
doubt, has prayed for the presence of McClellan
during the past eventful week. But let us watch
as we pray; for he, too, will be brought to the
stone of jasper, another sacrifice to the Mumbo
Jumbo of abolition.
What have we gained by McClellan*s removal?
Celerity of movement? A better base of opera-
tions? NearnesstoRichmond15 Supphesby water,
and a point d'appui for gunboats? Or, suppose
we conquer at Fredericksburg, will not our army
at last be compelled to return to James river, as
the only base from which operations can succeed
against Richmond—that point from which McClel-
lan was dragged, despite his cry of despair, which
seemed almost to forebode the destruction of the
Republic?
In the vicissitudes of this war the Administra-
tion will be compelled to resort to McClellan's
plans and the conservative policy. Unless this be
done the war will fail, and a disadvantageous
peace will result; for almost any peace will be
hailed as better than the war as it is now attempt-
ed to be conducted. The war must be carried on
under and not over the Constitution. When that
course is resumed, the patriotic North will respond
as it has before responded. The conservative
members of the next Congress will demand such
a return. The President will find that there will
be Representatives here who mean to save their
institutions and rebuild the Union.
This parrot cry that these elections indicate a
sympathy with the southern rebellion has been
iterated for party purposes at home. It was not
manufactured for foreign consumption. It did
harm abroad. Well might Mr. Seward, with more
truth than is usual to diplomatic finesse, write a
chapter to counteract the bad effect of such false-
hoods. On the 10th of November last, he advised
Mr. Adams, at London:
" That while there may be men of doubtful political wis-
doni and viitue in each patty, and vvlule thfie may be dif-
ferences of opinion between the two parties as to the meas-
ures best calculated to preserve; the Union and ie>toie if
authoiity, jet it not to be inferred that either party, or
any considerable poiuon of the people of the loyal State*,
is disposed to accept disunion underany circumstances, or
•upon any teinis. It i > wither to be understood that the peo-
ple havp become so confident of the stability of the Union
that partisan combinations aie resuming their sway here, as
they do in such cases in all free countries. In this country,
especially, it it? a habit not only entn ely consistent with the
Constitution, but even essential to it-? stability, to regard the
Administration at any time existing as distinct and separ-
able from the Government itself, and to canvass the pro-
ceedings of the one without the thought of disloyalty in the
other."
Who is there on the opposite side who dare echo
the sincere tribute of Mr. Seward to the loyal De-
mocracy? Who of you has had the generosity
to distinguish between sustaining the Government
and criticising the Administration ? Who among
you does the Secretary reckon of " doubtful po-
litical wisdom and virtue?" Certainly it is him
who would counsel a war against slavery; for he
said to Mr. Adams, on the 17th of February, 18G2,
in speaking of the crusade against slavery:
"To proclaim the crusade is unnecessary, and it would
even be inexpedient, because it would depiive us of the
needful and legitimate support of the friends of the Union
who are opposed to slavery, but who prefer Union without
slavery to disunion with slavciy.
" Docs France oi does Great Britain want to see a social
revolution here, with all its hoirors, like the slave revolu-
tion in St. Domingo? Are these Powers sure that the coun-
try or the world is ripe for such a revolution, so that it must
certainly be successful r What, if inaugurating such a rev-
olution, slavejy, protestinji against its ferocity and inhu-
manity, should prove the victor ?"'
Again, on the 5th of July, 1862, he says:
" [t seems as if tin; extreme advocates of African slavery
and its most vehement opponents were acting in conceit
together to precipitate a servile war—the former by making
the most desperate attempts to oveithiow the Federal
Union, the latter by demanding an edict of universal eman-
cipation, as a lawful and neee&sary, it not, as they say, the
only legitimate way of saving the Union.*'
He accuses, therefoie, every one who would
pervert the war from its primitive and loyal pur-
pose into an anti-slavery crusade, as depriving
the country of its loyal friends. He accuses all
, such of aidmg to bring on a social revolution, like
| that of St. Domingo, involving all its ferocity and
inhumanity. If this indictment be true, who will
escape condemnation ? The vote the other day
to sustain the proclamation will show. When the
gentleman from Pennsylvania was framing his
crimination against those who would propose
peace on the basis of separation, which inculpates
no one on this side, did he knowwhercof he was
accused by the Premier of the Administration '
The people have tried and condemned all such as
nre thus accused. But while those who are ap-
proved by them never will 4t accept disunion un-
der any circumstances or upon any terms," still
it is nevertheless true that these elections do in-
dicate a profound unrest among the people as to
the continuance of this war on the line of policy
now about to be pursued. They do indicate that
in the popular mind there is a hopb yet alive, and
efforts yet to be tried, perhaps not opportune just
now, to adjust the causes of strife and bridge over
this abyss, below which is surging the torrent
of blood. They do approve of the President's
remark that after all our fighting we must at last
make some accommodation. - The London Times
says truly, that "in the result of these elections
we think we see a hope that the word 'compro-
mise' will soon come into general use on the other
side of the Atlantic." The President himseJf
seems, in an oblique way, to have taken the.hint,
and in his late message writes out in plain hand,
this once-honored word—Compromise
But how shall we begin the work of compro-
mise? What is honorable and just, under present
circumstances? Is it true, as is alleged, that the
southern States, under certain circumstances, arc
willing to return to the Union? Is it true that the
President is thus advised ? I know not; but if so,
what sacrifices can be made to restore the Union?
Or, indeed, ought any talk of compromise to be
held, while the guns of rebellion tnunder along
the Rappahannock, or our navies meet with re-
sistance down the Mississippi? Shall we wait
the results of the present movements? Shall we
then, in case of failure, wait still another year?
Shall we talk of compromise before our debt
reaches the estimate of Mr. Chase, on the 1st of
June next, and towers up to $1,1*22,297,403 24?
Or shall we wait till the year after, when it shall
still mount up to §1,744,595,596 80 ? Or still more
nearly, on the next year's day, when the Com-
mander-in-Chief shall have declared all persons
held as slaves in any State, or designated part of
a State then in rebellion, to be then, thencefor-
ward, tftid forever free? If that grand panacea
fail, shall we still wait until another million shall
be added to our Army; another hundred thousand
to ourhospitals? Another hundred thousand fresh
made graves upon our soil ? Another three hun-
dred millions of loss, by destruction of publicen-
terpriscs, private property, and by the wholesale
derangement of the social, business, and labor sys-
tems of the land? Or will compromise be more
acceptable, North and South, if possible at all,
when another half million of slaves are freed by
the friction and abrasion of the war? Or will it
be when slave labor is enfranchised and exported
to regions where it will never add o dollar to the
national Treasury or to the general wealth? Or
when the four million slaves, being freed by war,
legislation, confiscation, or proclamation, which
my colleague [Mr. Hutchins] thinks may cause
some slight inconvenience, shall seek the north
star, and by an exodus, already great and increas-
ing, shall disturb the relations of labor in the free
States, until a new irrepressible conflict shall arise
between white and black labor? Or, shall the war
go on, without eifort at compromise, with uoother
attempt at arbitrament except the sword, until
extermination results? Will you compiomise
with desolation and call it peace? Will you glory
in the unity and indivisibility of a territory de-
nuded by the besom of war? When, when,
Representatives, is peace honorable, and compro-
mise just? Are these " forces" to " endure" so
long as there is a cotton and rice field in Carolina,
or a sugar plantation in Louisiana unscathed by
war or unsettled by free labor ? If the day of com-
promise be postponed till then, may not the Fed-
eral scepter be a barren one in your gripe? Or
may not other schemes of union, economic, po-
litical, and geographical, and other ruinous pro-
jects of secession still further distract our countrv?
These problems may well be considered by the
loyal and patriotic. Let us be wise in time, be-
fore worse evils overtake and overwhelm us.
I am one of those who still cling to the hope of
Union. I believe that in time the very interests
of slavery will work for it. As slavery has been
in most danger from secession and war, its safety
will be found alone in the regenerated constitu-
tionalism which is arising' from the wreck and
