1036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ancona, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Babbitt, Baker, Baxter, Seaman, Biddle, Bingham,
Jacob B Blair, Blake. Buflinton, Campbell, Casey, Cham-
berlain, Clements, Cobb, Colfax, Fiedmclt A. Uunklmg,
Roscoe Coukliug, Conway, Cri.-lield. Cutler, Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Delaplame. Duuu, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Fenton, Samuel C. Fessemlen, Fisher, Prarfchot, Frank,
Goodwin. Gianjjer, Gurle.y, Haight, Hale, Harding, Harri-
son, Hoiton, fiutchlus, Johnson, Julian, He I ley, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kerrigan,'Knapp, Lansing,
Lehman, Loomis, Low, Mchuloe, McKean, McKmaht,
MePher-on, Marston, Mitchell, Moorhcad, Justin S. Moi-
iill. Nixon, Noble, Noell, Nugen, Olin, Pendleton, Timo-
thy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, PortPr, Alexander II. Rice,
John II, Rice, Riddle, Robinson, Edward H. Rollins, Sar-
gent, Sedgwick, Sccar, Shanks, Sheffield, Shellabarger,
Sherman, Sloan, Smith, Spauldinj, Stiles, Stratton, Benja-
min F. Thomas, Francis Thomas, Train, TrimbleJ Trow-
bridge, Vallandigham, Van Horn, Van Wyck,Veriee, Voor-
hee . Wad-worth, Walker, Wallace, Wheeler, Whaley,
Albert S. White, Wilson, Windom, Woodruff, and Wor-
cester—115.
So the substitute was rejected.
The question then recurred on (lie resolutions
reported by the Committee of Elections, which
were as follows:
Resolved, That Benjamin F. Ffandera i.s entitled to a seat
in this Ilou^e as a Krpioscutativo from the fir&t congres-
sional district in Louisiana.
Jlcsoh cf!, That Michael Ilahn is entitled to a seat in thi«
House as a Representative horn the second diHrictm Lou-
isiana.
Mr. STILES demanded the yeas and nays on
the resolutions.
The yeas and nays weic oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the afKimative—yeas 93, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS—Aldnoh, AIIe\, Arnold. Babbitt, I'.uly,
Baxter,Jacob B. Blau, Blake, William G. Brown, Itutftr.-
ton, Calveit, ('ampbell^ Casey, Chaimieilain. Clements,
Colfax, Craven*, Cu^lei, Dawea, Delano, Delapl.unc,
Dunn, Eihv.iuU, Elv, Fentoti. Samuel <\ l'Y<? .eiiilen,
Thomas A. I). Fes?.eiiden, I'Vher, Fianehot, Frank. G<>o<ds,
Goodwin, Gr.utgci, Gndei, Cuib v, llai lif, Hale. [lam-
son, Itohuaii, Hooper, ilutchnis, rr.incn \V Kcllou^. Wil-
liam Kellogu. Kcnigan. Lehman, Loosing, Low, Melndoe,
MeKeaiu MeKnteliU Mar.-tou, Mauiaul, Men/.ie-:. Mitch-
ell, Mooihcad. Ju -tin S. Moriili. \i\on, Noell, OIiii, Tirn-
Otll> <r. I'iielp-,, I'tUc, Pnnieinv, I'nee, A levuuler 11 Rice,
John 11. Rice, Ividiile. Edvvaid If. llollm>, S<jd«\viek,
Hegai, Sli.uiK-, Sli„ellie|r|. Sln-llabaigei, Smith, SpauMmg,
Stratton. llenjumin K. TIkmu.i-*, Fiance Thomn-, Ti.im,
Tiowbrulge, Van VVvek, Veriee, Walkn. Wallace. Weh-
tsier, Wheeler, Whaley, \lhcn S While, WieKliJie. Wnt-
doni, Woite-ier, Wnglu.aml Veamao— 5)0.
NAYS—Mcn'.iv Willunn Allen, Aneona, A-hley, J>ea-
inan, Btddlc. Bingham, Fredeuek A. (Oonklmg, Ro^eoe
Conklmg, Conway, Cox, CtMield, D.ivi-, Eliot, Hauling,
Johnson, Julian, Kelley, Kimpp. Landing, Law, MePhei-
son, May, Moin>, Noble, .Notion, Nugen', udell. Pendle-
ton, Portei, Rohuif-oii. Sargent, Sheimau, Slue], Sloan,
SteveiiN. Soles, Tumble, Vallandlglmin, A an IIoip. \ ooi-
lief>, Wadswouh, Chilton A While. VViKon. and Wond
iutl-l-1.
So the resolutions were agreed to.
Durnijr the call of the roll,
Mr. U A KER staled that he was paired of}' upon
this question with Mr. Walton, of Vermont.
Mr. SLO A X stated that M r. Pott hp. was paired
off with Air. Morton; thai Mr. Pottkr would
have voted m the negative and Mr. Uourov iu
tin1 allSi mative.
Mr. VA'N VALKENfWRGir slated that he
was pniie{| oif witli Mr. Hi,viit, of Pennsyl\amn,
who would have voted in the negative, while lie
[M r. Van* Valki:nbi;kcii] would have voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, stated that his collemrue,
Mr. Morrill, who would have voted iiulieallii ill-
ative upon this question, was paired off with Mr.
Edglrton.
Mr. BINGHAM stated UiatMr. IIickmant was
detauicd Inun tiie House by reason of sickness in
lus family.
i he result was announ<ed as above recoided.
Mr. DAWES moved to leeonsidcr the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted; and also
moved to jay :hc motion to leconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWKS. 1 ask that Mr. IIahn" he now
sworn m.
Mr. Hajin was then duly qualified by taking
the usual oath of otfire to suppoit the Constitution
of the United Slates.
CONTKSTUJ) FLECTION IX VlIiiilXlA.
Mr. DAWES. If the House will indulge me
for twenty minutes, I will lint*!) up all the elec-
tion cases i have on hand. I desire to call up the
case of Lewis Me.ivenzic, fiom the seventh con-
gressional district of Vit^ima.
OIUJEIL OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MORRILL of Vermont. I desire to make
a proposition to the House. The hour at which
it was determined that we should take a recess
having nearly arrived, I propose to the House,
inasmuch as "it is a stormy evening, that we shall
dispense with the recess and continue in session
for, perhaps, two hours, and take up House bill
No. 659, with the Senate amendments thereto.
Mr. PENDLETON. What bill is that ?
The SPEAKER. Itis the bill to provide ways
and means for the support, of the Government.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 desire to inquire of the
Chair what will be the condition of the indemni-
fication bill, which was postponed specially till
to-day, if this proposition is agreed to?
The SPEAKER. The bill was postponed until
after the morning hour. If there is no morning
hour, it goes to the Speaker's table.
Mr. PENDLETON. I propose, then, that that
bill be made the special oider for a given hour to-
morrow morning, so that no business will super-
vene to throw it from its regular position, it is
the bill of the House (No. 591) to indemnify the
President and other persons for suspending the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, txnd acts done
m piusuance thereof.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will fix half
past two o'clock to-morrow, 1 will agree to that.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to inquiie of the
Chair whether, if this arrangement be not made,
the bill to which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
pF.xnLF.TON] has referred willnotgoto the Speak-
er's table and lie there until there is a general agree-
ment to take it up?
Tin; SPEAKER. It would be only the third
bill in order on the Speaker's table, and after the
morning hour it is in ordci at any time to move
to proceed to the business on the Speakei's table.
The Chair will state the pending piopositions
to the House. Tim gentleman fiom Veimont
[Mi. AIourili,] pioposes that instead of taking a
ieoess to-day the 1Jouse shall continue in session
for t wo hout s, taking up the lull to ptovide ways
and means for the suppoit of the Government,
with ihe amendments of the S<ma!e thereto. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Pk\i>i.£ton] proposes,
m (oimee.iion with that anangement, that it shall
be agreed that House bill No. 59J, commonly
called the indemnification bill, with the Senate
amendments theieto, shall be taken up to-morrow
at half past two o'clock. Is there any objection
to the ai rangenu'nt r
M i KELLOGG , of Illinois. I have no objec-
tion to that ai i nngement being made if we can
have a niornmu hour ea< h day. Thus far we have
had no morning hour to-day. It is of pressing
and vital impoi tance that the committees be called,
and I must object to any arrangement that will
preclude their being called at least one hour each
day, m-day as well as to-nnnrow. Ifgentlemen^
will emiM.-nt !o that I «un satisfied.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 proposed half past two
oYloek (o-nioirow in order that we may have a
moi inns; hour
Mr. A LDRIC1L Why not say after the morn-
ing hour ?
Mr. PENDLETON. No; we will not agree
to that. We must have a fixed hour.
The SPEAKER. The lobular older each day,
after the leading of the Journal, is the calling of
committees for i epoi t«t, unless n be interfered with
by busmc.NS of higin. r pri\ih-gv. The Chan does
not see howan art angement of the kind proposed
could interfere with that i ovular order. The Chan-
desires to know if there is objection to the propo-
sition5 If so, the regular order of business must
!>o on.
Mr ALDRICH. I suggest that we go to the
Speaker's (able now and dispose of the bills there.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 call for the
regulai order of business.
Mr. ALDRICH. 1 hope- the gentleman will
allow us to go to the Sp« aker's table.
[Cues of Oh, no.'"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands,
then, that tin* propositions made on either side
arc objected to, the regularoitlerof business being
called for.
Mr. OLIN. 1 desne to ask the permission of
the House to have taken from the Speakers table
bill of the Senate No. 51.1, iu lelation to the en-
rollment and calling out of troops, simply for the
puipose of having it printed foi the use of mem-
bers.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I obiect.
Mr. OLIN. Oh, no, you do not. You want
to know what the bill is, 1 suppose.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I insist on the
objection.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 749) for the relief of Ignatius C. Mattmgly,
postmaster at Bardstown, Kentucky; and an act.
(H. R. No. 478) for the relief of certain of the crew
of the ship Nightingale; when the Speaker signed
the same.
POSTAL REFORM.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to renew an applica-
tion which I made to the House yesterday. I ask
the House to assign the evening session of Friday
for the consideration of the postal reform bill from
the Senate.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by unan-
imous consent. Tlie Chair hears no objection.
VIRGINIA ELECTION CASE.
Mi. DAWES. I now call up the report of the
Committee of Elections' on the claim of Lewis
McKenzie to a seat in this House.
The Clerk read the resolution reported from the
Committee of Elections, as follows:
Resolved, That Lewi* McKenzie is not entitled to<i seat
in tins Ilouae as a Representative from the seventh con-
gressional district in Virginia.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, Lewis McKen-
zie claims to have been elected a Representative
in this Congress from the seventh congressional
district of Virginia, which is the one adjoining the
District of Columbia. He claims to have been
elected on the 15th day of January, at which time
thyre wei e polled in the district 554 votes, of which
he had a majority of ]%.
On the l^ih of December, the .Governor of the
Stale issued a proclamation calling for an election
of Representative in Congress from that district, to
be held on the 3Lt day of December^ There are
nine counties in the district. The law of Virginia
leqnires the Governor of the State to issue writs
of election and direct them to the sheriff or other
proper officer in each county, requiring him togive
notice by advei tisement at'each precinct ten days
befoie the election, fixing the time himself when
the election shall be held. The Governor of Vir-
ginia, in issuing these writs, directed the sheriffs
to hold the election <>n the ,'j]st of Decemberf or
such other day as they should appoint.
The wilts wcie issued, and such was the con-
dition of things in the district, so much of it was
in the possession of the lebel forces, that ihey could
reach but threecounties, Alexandria,Fairfax,and
Prince William. The shenif of Prince William
was arrested by the lebels the day after the writ
reached him, and he and the wut were taken to
Richmond, where they now are.
The proper officers of the two remaining coun-
ties—Alexandria and Fairfax—met after the re-
ceipt ot the writs, winch required the election to
beheld on the 31st of December, and appointed
the 15th day of January as the day for hold me the
election. There was no notice to the sheriffs c#
proper officers of the other counties, so that no of-
ficer in any of the other seven counties had any
legal notice of this election. Theie were votes
polled in those two counties—.'54 in all.
The statute of Virginia requires the Governor
of Vnginia to fix the day'of election. In this in-
stance the Governor did not fix tins day, but the
sheriffs or proper officers of these con nties fixed it.
There was no law under winch they could do it.
No one showed to the committee nor does any
one claim that there was any. So that this elec-
tion was held on the 35rh of January without any
authority of law whatever, the time fixed by the
Governor being the 31st of December, and the
35th of January was appointed by the two men
in Alexandna and Faiifax counties to whom the
wi Us wei e dn ucted
But there was besides this, and going behind
all tonus, a total absence of ev.dencc before the
committee that the loyal voters wf the whole dis-
tiict had an opportunity to wife. Indeed, it was
utterly impossible to hold an election in any other
than Alexandna ami Fan fax counties, while m
seven of the i emaimug counties of the district the
people had no opportunity to vote, foi the two rea-
sons. that thev did not know when the election
