THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
crash of war. Slavery has lost in the war its po-
litical influence; itsexistence has been endangered
by the wear and tear of conflict. Out of this net-
tle danger, southern slave owners wilt pluck the
flower safcty. I <Sare not if slavery be the rea-
son of their return to their allegiance; if they re-
tan), the Union will become again militant. Sla-
very, instead of being the cause of rebellion, will
become the cause of its overthrow. Economic
laws are stronger than military satraps and forces.
These laws will determine the South to return,
when assured that the Constitution will be pre-
served. Fanatics may d ream away of their jubilees
, ofhlack freedom; secessionists may fight for their
theories of State remedies for Federal encroach-
ments; war may bring its vicissitudes and sacri-
fices; but after all, the wise ordination of our
ancestors and of Providence, under the Constitu-
tion, wll drive even slavery back into the Union
for its own safety, or for the means, under State
regulation, for its own voluntary abolition. To
enthusiasts this may seem a hateful paradox;
but if it be true that the ascendency of abolition
clouded the hope of the Union, is it not as true
that the defeat of the abolitionists will restore that
hope? At the beginning of the war, there were
but few secessionists per rs. It was the fear that
^thc northern States were hopelessly abolitionized
'that overcame thd loyalty of the majority South,
and united them against us. The very excesses
of power m this Congress, its attempt to pervert
the war, its aggressions on personal freedom and
constitutional right, have extinguished the fire of
radicalism and relit the old beacon which led us
otiwaid in unity and to prosperity ! The result
of the elections wiil assist to restore the Union.
Tlie reaction in the South will soon begin. The
elements of discontent North, which have helped
to rescue power from arrogant and imbecile men,
will work with more force in the South. Cotton
lias lost his scepter. His throne is in ashes. Pri-
vateering, so truculently blazoned by Shdell,in the
Senate, as the avenger of southern wrongs, has
pioved itself but a toothless harpy. Foreign in-
tervention will never be allowed,North orSouth.
The currency, trade, and established ordor South,
all deranged, are powerful levers, now prying the
loosened stones into their old places. For such
u work, there is a fulcrum deep in the heart of the
people, which neither radicalism nor secession
can wholly disturb! The very failures of both
armies to make decisive victories, notwithstand-
ing the extraordinary vigor and aplendtd hero-
ism of our soldiers in the field, and the fabulous
expenditure of money and men, will assist the
consummation of our hopes. We have expended,
in two years, men and money enough, had we
been united, to have added a doz^n Indias to our
conquering chariot. Money enough lias been
filched by corrupt contractors, treasures enough
have been wasted on political favorites, to have
belted the globe with our flag, and added tin* rest
of the continent to our empire. Out all has been ;
as yet m vain; /or theie stood and yet stands be- ;
tween the people and their hope this blighting j
block demon of uuhcahsni, unwise beyond ail j
that is written in histoj y, and powerless for every- ;
tlimg except mischief and malevolence. Against i
its satanic " pressure" brought to bear upon the i
President by the mad cabal of zealots, the people 1
have proofed.
You may discard their wamingin mockery; you :
may, in spite, remove the genu-als they indorse i
and love; you may persevere i:i jour radical and >
destructive work; you may, for a few wee Irs more,
piess yourdoctnnc that the States.ire mreivlhon, !
and therefore have commuted felo dc se, and are to
be stricken from the roll oC the Union; you may |
strive to Icgislatedowu the Conitlmuon; hut your
days are numbered. I the death-sweat on v >ur !
brow. In thof,e In the ludei/iaitv oi;[
paased the oilier d<'y, n-'d in th« crazud speoJa- '>
V.onk of my coll' r^ue, wh.ch sti.l liiwi frhm the
mst session, and m the b.!! :■{ the Pierehvr from
j?* nnsylvania, for a hundred th^'ir.and rol-
dhu-;, 1 hear rise dopth-ra-.tic in y  :r ihr".Us. You :
wiU passaway; nsd yon wsii o.ny h i\laemhered
to point a political m«>ra!, and t<> teach, as j"Cj bes- ■
p^eireand his radicid tiiu -s teach in,\'ici
and destructives have rh ur u« "& in o;e r->ktiC3l 'i
world as the hun-loane and nes'.iience in U'« >hvs-
ical world. The very aUempt to foil the '->or.ii;ar \\
.will you are now making will make yourcondem- !j
"nation more terrible. There issomething itvmrrec- • !
tionary,says Arnold,the historian, in the attempt
to restrain the popular will. Had you and the
Executive bowed to the popular verdict, as in
England, under a less liberal system, the rulers
ever do, posterity might have embalmed you to a
little immortality for that act of grace. But, no;
this thunder tone of dissatisfaction with your con-
duct is seized upon and avowed by some here in
my presence as the very reason why now, in the
bricftimc ofyour power, you should enact further
mischief.
You had, and would yet have, the whole con-
servative force in a war to overthrow the organ-
ization of the southern confederacy. You were
not content with that. We were united on that,
but you were determined to divide the North. By
culpableand treacherous divergence from the plai n
path marked out by the Crittenden resolution you
are determined to make this a war against popu-
lations, against civilized usage; to overthrow State
institutions, and blot out State boundaries; and,
by defiance of tlie organic law, to defeat the cause
of the nation, by making the old Union impos-
sible.
But mark! you will not succeed. The Army
itself wiil never consent to degrade itself by be-
coming superior to the civil power. You cannot
use it to break through the sacred barriers which
protect the Constitution. Nor wiil the people ever
consent to give to proclamations the force of law;
for even in England that has been held to be a
surrender of the liberty of the nation to usurpa-
tion. The people are informed of those traditional
privileges which were secured by their ancestors.
Beginning even before Magna Charra, written in
the " Apologies" and bills of rights of th#> Anglo-
Saxon race, enacted thirty-two times from Run-
nymede until the Declaration of Right in 1888.
they are yet preserved in the fundamental law of
this country. At the recent election the people
asked, as Wentworth once questioned a certain
dispensing power in England, " whether there be
any council that can make, add to, or diminish
from the laws of this realm ?" They ask now, in
this our House of Commons, as they will ask
more proudly in the next, whether the spirit yet
lives which resisted ship money, the dispensing
power of the Stuarts, and arbitrary imprisonment,
find which demanded trial upon accusation and
by a jury whenever the subject was seized by the
sovereign. They know that there is no compen-
sation for yielding these rights of personal secu-
rity, without which ail other rights are useless.
This is a part of the meaning of the elections; and
whether, in your evanescent power, you regard it
or not, the people are upon the throne again, and
woe to him who passes beyond the limits marked
by the ctill swelling tide of an indignant and
aroused people.
But, is itaskod: " Do you want the war to stop
in order to divide the Union?" The people have
answered as Seymour answered, as I answer you
here: No ! Bui they want the war carried on as
all civilized wars are carried on,and with a view
to peace and union, and not with a view to the
aggravation and prolongation of hostilities. I
alJirm on the best human and divine authority, that
all objects of human effort, even war, should con-
tribute to human happiness and peace. If this
war have any other object, then it is abhorred of
God and man; and every dollar and life sacrificed
would be criminal waste.
Am I answered that this war is nn exception to
other wars ' It so. why? Rtxause ic was begun
in ry'ieliionr Let Vattel, in ih<> eighteenth chap-
tor of Ins third book, answer. Ilis answer nvets 1
the very ca?;;. He stands above our stormful
pas^ons, and gzve^ the law of wisdom fur our .
gu:dui"rv. in that enanter he minntams these
propu&iuoiw, winch 1 ask leave to prmf: |
j. I eat a sir.v-.xigp bound to observe the
com non lav, .5 -,f war w-.vards his rebellious sun-
J ^c - ;KU'■} opt.ily trken up armsagamsthim. 1
Fie fif:ives tliis :i !e L\;rn the rions which tne '
sovero-gn bf,nrs ?o",*-ird his subjects. llovino; ;
<>f *i\vl h:s r.?zhf L'< ru!3 from ihr"'n, be is to
ovl!- u jir wchbre. }U:i what if subjee/s taire '
up j-iT.is to deprive ho-n of the supremo author- ■
HyrI aon, if the * *-il spreads f>o a.3 to inh ct tr>e :
rinjorJty cf t!;e people of a city or province, and
grins s-icii s^cf'gjh tnat even the sovereign ss no
longer obeyed, it becomes an insurrection. His j
conduct toward the insurgents should be consonant ;
to justice nod salutary to the State. Vattel d 3<:lar< a '
that subjects who rise against the sovereign de-
serve severe punishment; yet, even in this case,
on account of the number of the delinquents, he
holds that clemency becomes a duty in the sov-
ereign. Shall he depopulate a city or desolate a
province in order to punish her rebellion? Any
punishment, however just in itself, which em-
braces too great a number of persons, becomes an
actofdownrightcruelty. He illustrates these doc-
trines by referring to Henry the Great, of France,
who gained a nation by his clemency, and to the
Duke of Alva, who lost the United Provinces to
the Emperor of Spain by his cruelty. The time
will come for the President to exhibit the mag-
nanimity of the one or the inhumanity of the
other.
Again: I beg the House to listen to the wisdom
of this great publicist, who holds, as he would
doubtless have held with us of the last Congress
who attempted by seasonable concession to avert
this war, " that the safest, and at the same time
the most just, method of appeasing sedition is to
give the people satisfaction. And if there exists
no reason to justify the insurrection, (a circum-
stance whieh perhaps rarely happens,) even in
such a case it becomes necessary to grant an am-
nesty where the offenders are numerous." But,
as if this rebellion was before his mind, he selects
the case of a republic, divided into two opposite
parts, and where both parts are in arms. This
he calls a civil war. " The sovereign," he says,
" never fails to call those in insurrection rebels,
but when the rebels have acquired sufficient
strength to give the sovereign effectual opposition,
and to oblige him to carry on the war against
them according to the established rules, he must
submit, necessarily, to the term civil war. In
this case there is no common judge between the
two parties. They are thenceforward two sepa-
rate bodies, two distinct societies. Though one
of the parties may have been to blame in break-
ing the unity of the State and resisting the lawful
authority, they are not the less divided in fact.
But who shall judge them? On earth they have
no common superior. Tney stand, therefore, in
precisely the same predicament as two nations
who engage in a contest."
2. This being the case the common laws of
war, the maxims of humanity, moderation, and
honor, arc to be observed. For a stronger reason,
he says, ought such laws to be observed by two
incensed parties, lacerating their common coun-
try. Indeed, the very instance which Vattel gives,
of the sovereign hanging his prisoners as rebels,
has already occurred with us in Missouri; and
we are threatened, as he anticipates, with repris-
als and retaliation, which we have no power to
jesist. But,for these laws, the war would thus
become every day more cruel, horrible, and de-
structive, What, then, is the conclusion at which
he arrives?
3. Whenever a numerous body of men think
they have a nght to resist the sovereign, and feel
themselves in a condition to appeal to the sword,
there ought to be left open the same means as be-
tween two nations for preventing the war being
carried to outrageous extremities, and for the res-
toration of Peace.
If these maxims of the great jurist be the voice
of reason, conscience, and the ci\ ilized world, this
Government is under the necessity to practice
moderation, justice, and clemency towards the
insurgency. We have no right, as Mr. Seward
thought in Februaiy, to inaugurate any system
of emancipation which will lead to the atrocities
and inhumanities of slave insurrection. Such a
course, as Mr. Seward held, will only " reinvig-
orate the rebellion." In such a contest, there is
not aa at'.nbute of the Almighty which, can take
sides witxi us. As well fiie the huspifols of the
sick, and tlie libraries of the learned; as well pil-
lage the home of the widow, and the   entagc of
tlie orphan; va well refine the ibg of trrceoYthe
exchange of prisoners; as v.-i li f, t>- upon tne former
and hang the hitter; as v/di poison i-u- weapons
<~>r we./ or the Wrl's of vr-n-r; aft wrb ivfusc the
of:ct s apnointed by ne^e^sitv to soften the rough
usages of war, as ;o inspire or ^ t «.,t foot a sys-
tem leading *0 wervii.' massicro. Nay, by the
same reason that v/e would h-av off ihe:-e horrible
means which intensify sectional hate and remvig-
orate rebellion, wc must leave open the same
means which two nat;ons at war over have for the
restoration of peace.
