1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1037
day was and the counties were in the armed pos-
session of the rebels.
For this reason, as well as for the other, the
committee were unanimous in the opinion that this
was not in any just sense an election, and there-
fore they have reported against Mr. McKcnzie's
claim. I understand that he desires to address
the House, and I now yield the floor to afford him
that opportunity.
Mr. McKENZIE, (claimant.) Mr. Speaker,
I desire to occupy the attention of the House for
but a few minutes; because the lateness of the
hour and the little attention that has been paid
recently to members on the floor, admonish me,
even if there was no other motive, to be biief.
There are two points presented to the House in
the repoit of the Committee of Elections in this
case. Twenty yeais ago I was acquainted with
the House of Representatives. I am notacquainted
with perhaps more than a dozen members of this
House. Of the Committee of Elections I am not
acquainted with more than two, and have had but
ten minutes' interview with the committee.
The committee, as I understand, lias reported
against me on two grounds: first, that the day
originally fixed for the election was altered; and,
second, that I received votes in only two counties
of the district. I will explain the first objection
to the House. The Governor of the Common-
wealth, who is recognized by this House and by
the President, ordered an election to be held in my
districton the 31stof December, " or at such other
day as may be fixed." I presume the Governor
simply desired the commissioners of election to
have ample time to give legal notice to voters, and
intended to give them authority to fix the day, if
tin; 31st of Decembershould prove to be too early
a day.
As to the other objection, that there were votes
enst for me in only two counties, I will read the
certificate of the county clerk of Alexandria. It
is as follows:
State ok Virginia, County of Alexandria, to wit:
J, Jefferson Tacey, clerk ofthe counts court toi the county
of Alexamhia, m the State ot Vueiiua. do heicby certify,
that in aecoidance with an act passed !>y the (Jeneial As-
sembly at the city of Wheeling, \ nimna, on the HIat day ot
Janualy, in the 3 ear TKV.2, entitled '-An act chansnmr the
maiinei ot oxamuum: poll.-: and ceitifwug election-. (<>i cer-
tain oflicei< in this Commonwealth,(AeH o( As-etnhiy,
JDccembei, 186*-2, chaptei 1-1. section 1, pane 40.) and in com-
pliance witn nistinctiopj. r 'c< ived Horn lu-= excellency
L'j;mei< 4. PeupomL Goveinoroi Vienna.on the 2" Hi day
ot Januaiy, in the year m the pie-ener of Alien (\
Hatmon and John O. #latk, two freeholdsm the county
and Stare aloie&aid, 1 hn\ c this day opened. euunnx'd, and
compared the returns of a special elec lion of a Representa-
tive in the Thirty-Seventh Congiess of the i'mfed States,
from the seventh comrics^iona] distiict ot Vn^inia, held on
the loth dav of Januaiy, 1 s*>3, which have been made to and
rccoided in nty office, and ot which tin; foiegoin^ statement
is a tine copy.
I thei'efoio declare that Lewis McK<*n7ie has leeeivort
the greatest iinmber of votes m the whole ictato!e-aid,
and is duly ejected in the manner and ioim now pietcuhed
by law.
In testimoiu wheieof, f have hereunto Milletihed my
name "and affixed the seal of the comity cniut, for
t1" S"J the coun<y and State aforesaid, on ihi ihe;^ih da\
of Januaiy, A. J). 1^63.
JiT'TCRSOX TACKY, Cloh.
allen C. harhox, > T Frahonc,,.
J. C. Clark, >
.(Mr, KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me foi <i moment;'
Mr. McKENZIE. Certainly.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois.' Mr Spenli
objected a moment ago to a proposition by w
the session of to-day was to be continued till six
o'clock. I am unwilling to be in the way of legisla-
tion, and therefore, in accordance with the w lshes
of my fi iend's, 1 withdraw the objection. The gen-
tleman from Vermontmay now micw his piopo-
sition, and the House may make such an ai ian-e-
ment as if desires.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now renew
my proposition that the House, instead of taking
a recess at halt pf st tour o'clock, shall remain m
session for two houis longer, and dispose of the
Senate amendments to House, bill No. 659.
The SPEAKER. If then- be no objection, the
Chan tindeistands that the House will continue
in session till s'X o'clock on the bill suggested by
the gentleman from Vermont: and that at half
past two oYlook to-mopow the gentleman from
Indiana [Mi. Voorxiels] will be entitled to the
floor on House bill No. 291.
Mr.VOORHEES. That is perfectly agreeable
to me.
The SPEAKER. The Virginia election case
•h
will come up after the other proposition is dis-
posed of, and the claimant will be entitled to the
floor.
Mr. DAWES. I thought the understanding
was that the claimant should go on and finish his
remarks, and that we should take up the bill after-
wards.
The SPEAKER. If there*be no objection, that
can be done.
Mr. McKENZIE. Mr. Speaker, I have never
made a longer speech than for a quarter of an hour,
and I am astonished thatgentlemen should get so
alarmed about my- making a long speech. I am
like the man who, when asked to say grace, did
so, brief and fervent. Now, although votes were
cast in only two counties, yet the fact is, that the
vo ters of Spottsyl van ia, Stafford, Culpepper, King
George, and Prince William counties all voted in
Fairfax and Alexandria counties. [ concluded,
of course,as I came here with a regular certificate,
and as there was no one contesting my right to a
seat on this floor, that there would be no objec-
tion to a loyal man coming here and taking his
seat. 1 had been in deliberative bodies before,
and this was the first time that my seat was ob-
jected to. 1 am the loyal Representative of 550
loyal voteis, and do not know why the change of
election day shouftl invalidate my right. If twen-
ty-five days'notice was not better than ten days'
notice it is not worth while to talk about it.
Mr. 8. C. FESSENDEN. As the gentleman
says he is not going to occupy more than fifteen
minutes, t take the opportunity of asking hun
whether he was not a candidate in the city of
Alexandria on the day fixed by law for holding
an election for members of Congress, when Mr.
Upton was a candidate, and if so, whether he
voted on that occasion, and wherein he considers
his claim to a seat as better than that of Mr.
Upton ?
Mr. McKENZIE. I was then a voter in the
county of Alexandria. I have never resided any-
where else. .My father was born on the Potomac,
within sight of this Capitol, and never lived any-
where else. He was married under that flag on
boaid the ship Lexington, lying off the harbor of
Alexandria. 1 did not vote for Mr. Upton, but
I did not runaway. I voted against reti ocession.
I never have vuteii io any way against the Gov-
ernmentof the United States. I was in Richmond
in the legislative session of 1859-60. I went there
with a vote of 1,030, and was there called an aboli-
tionist. I beat my competitor by 730 votes. I
did not vote then ng.myi the doctrine of coercion
by the Geneial Government, because 1 believed
in* it. i am a Union man -ill the time and under
dli circumstances; and if t ius House does not want
a Union member here, it may vote against me.
Mr. T>LA111, of Virginia I move to amend the
resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
by striking out the woul k'imt;" so that it will
lead:
liv-olrcd, That Le\vi> McKenzie is entitled to a seat in
tin* llon-e as a Representative itoin the seventh congres-
sional distuct m Vngitua.
The amendment was icjected.
The question recurred on the resolution, and it
was adopted.
Mi. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by winch tin, resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to i econ-'ider rm the t^ble.
The latter motion was agteed to.
\VAYi< AM> MJJANS.
The SPEA KER stated that the business before
the House was the eoosideiauon of tiie Senate
amendments to an .tct (LI. R. No. (joQ) to provide
ways and nnans for the support o( tin* G<>v< rti-
nn-i't.
The amendments were read and disposed of as
indicated below:
First amendment:
lane nine, pane I, strike out the woid " twenty," Und
iu-eit •' such pciiod-- a-> may be ti\< (1 by the Secieta>y, not
lcs<> than live nor moi«i than Joity ycai.:."
Mr. MORtMLL, of Vomnutt. I am dnected
by the Committee of Ways and Means to move
to amend the amc ndmont by sti iking out " five"
and inserting '' tenso as to make it read, " regis-
tered b'onds, paynhh; at the pleasure of the Gov-
ernment after such periods as may be fixed by the
Secretary, not less than ten nor mute than forty
years from date."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to-, and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Second amendment:
Alter the word " payable" insert the words 44 on bonds
not exceeding ."$100 annually, and on all other bonds ;53 so
that it will read :
And of such denominations, not less than fifty dollars, as
lie may deem expedient, bearing interest at a rate not ex-
ceeding six per cent, per annum, payable on bonds not ex-
ceeding .$100 annually, and on all other bonds semi- annually
in coin.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
After the word (i indebtedness," insert the words " or
depositso that it will read :
Such bonds at any time, upon such terms as he may deem
most advisable, for lawful money of the United States, or
lor any of the certificates of indebtedness or deposit that
may at anytime be unpaid, or for any of th*  Treasury notes
heretofore issued orwhich maybe issued under the piovis-
Len^ of this* act.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-,
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth and fifth amendments:
After the word "notes," insert the words " or United
States notes,*' and after the vvoid *• State," insert the words
u or init'iieipil;'' so that the clause will read :
And all the bonds and Treasury notes or United States
notes issued under the provisions of this act shall be ex-
i nipt fiotn taxation bvor under State or municipal author-
it\ : Proridc</, That there shall be outstanding of bonds,
Tieasm) notes, and United States notes, at any time, is-
sued undci the provisions of this act, no greater amount
aliogetlun than the s.um of $900,000,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendments were concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Aftei thfi word "notes," in«eit the words "payable at
such tune oi tunes, not exceeding throe years from date, as
the Secretary may deienmnt', andso that it will read :
That the Secietary of the Ti^miit be, and is hereby,
authoiizcd to is.sue, on the eiedit o( the United States,
$-100,(100,000 of Treasury note-, payable at such tune oi
times, not exceeding three jcais Irotn date, ai the Secre-
tary may determine, and beating inteiest at a rate not ex-
ceoding hix percent, per annum.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am directed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to move
to amend by striking out the Senate amendment,
and inserting in lieu thereof the words, " payable
at the pleasuie of the United States at any time
after three ye<irs from dale.''
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Seventh amendment:
Aftei the clause la^t amended, f-tiikc out tlie woids, "pay-
able seini-annualiy in com, and the puncipal payable at any
tune ait or thiee year-* from date, at the TuaMiiy of the Uni-
ted States, and''5 and insert m lieu thcicof the lollovvinii:
Which inteiest on all notes loi a lo-* amount than $i00
shall be payable at the maturity theieof, and on all note-? for
$•100 and upwauld at times expressed on their face. And
the inteiest on all of said notes, and on certificates of in-
debtedness and deposit" hereatter issued, shall be patd in
lawful money. Saidtiotod yjiall be.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
After the last amendment, strike out the word "lie." and
insert in lieu theieof the words " the Seeielaryso that
it will road :
Said notes shall be of .such denominations as the Secre-
tary may deem expedient, not less than ten doiiai.s each;
and -an h notes shall be receivable for internal dunes-, and
;jH del)t> and demands due to the United States, except du-
tic> on import-^.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred m.
Ninth amendment:
Afttsr the la<t clause amended, «ti tlce out the woids "and
the holder of any  uu> note> -hall have the right at any tune
belbio and nltei the\ become due, and nudes  ucli tules as
«h el 1 i 111' preset died hv the Sctieta'y ot the Tjea-ury, to < <-
ehaniie tin; '-ame, \\ itli the accrued inteie-i thereon, at the
Treasury ot the \ 'mtul Stares oi at the office ot any Assist-
ant Tieasutei oi depo-itan de-.i natrd f< i the pufpo<e, lor
an <• <j111 amount ot lejral tender note-; but not'im^ in tfi
section -hail be con-lined to author,zo anv additional i-*uc
ot le< al tender notu^E' and mseii m lieu thereol the fol-
low tli£ .
\nd shall be a IolmI tender at their face value, excluding
inteiest. to the snme extent as United Slates notes.
.Mr.'MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope that
amendment will be non-concuned in.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope it will bo conr.uired
in. 1 think ihe whole value of thf* bill li<'3 in it.
