1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Perhaps it is
as well to say something in regard to this amend-
ment, in order that the House may clearly un-
derstand it. By the original bill as reported to
this House, these notes were convertible into
legal tender notes. By the amendment adopted
by the Senate, they are to be a legal tender them-
selves to the extent of their par or face value. I
cannot see any difference to be apprehended as it
respects circulation and inflation between issuing
such notes and the common issue of legal tender
notes, except that it will depreciate the legal tender
notes without interest already issued.
Mr. PIKE. How is it with the interest? Is
thai to be a legal tender?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vc -mont. It is not. The
interest is excepted, and is not to be reckoned
when used as legal tender. While I am opposed,
Mr. Speaker, either to the convertibility or legal
tender feature of these notes, yet I think the prop-
osition of the House much the best, much less
likely to inflate the currency unduly than tlie
proposition of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. It will be observed that, by
the amendment of the Senate, they have reduced
the amount of legal tender notes to $50,000,000 be-
yond the §100,000,000 which we have already au-
thorized by joint resolution; and that they have
placed the $400,000,000 of interest-bearing notes
upon the same footing with the legal tender notes,
so far as the amount expressed upon their face is
concerned, whan they are passed from hand to
hand. But whenever the person who holds them
chooses he can convert them into twenty-year
bonds, and then the interest is to be counted in
the payment of those bonds.
Now, it is very certain that unless we have
more legal tender notes than this bill provides for
as it now stands, we shall have no currency ex-
cept what we can obtain from the sale of our
bonds. We shall have nothing to pay our soldiers
with; we shall have to rely entirely upon loans.
But it is equally clear that if you make this
$400,000,000 a legal tender for the amount ex-
pressed upon the face of the notes, the person
who chooses will use them as currency until the
interest upon them has accumulated to a suffi-
cient extent to induce him to convert them into
bonds. That, in my judgment, is the only way
in which you can get loans upon your bonds. I
know of no provision which has yet been sug-
gested that will more certainly and conveniently
couveit the currency into bonds, and thereby in-
sure the loans we may lequire on our bonds, than
this feature of the Senate amendment.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I supposed the object of
introducing into this bill the feature of issuing in-
terest-bearing notes was that they might be used
as deposits by the banks,and held by persons who
wished to keep money by them. The inducement
to keep them out of circulation is the interest.
Now, if we undertake to put these notes upon
the market as legal tender notes we send forth two
descriptions of cui rency. These will be preferred
rutin r than the other notes because they bear in-
terest while the otheis do not. It is very mani-
fest, therefore, that we depreciate the non-mtercst
paying notes by pnuiug these upon the market in
competition tj them.
I am in favor of the proposition of the gentle-
man from Vermont. It seems to me that if we are
to issue another class of currency, it will have a
very detrimental effect upon the present legal
tender notes.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. When this bill
passed the House the ether day, 1 think I may
say with confidence that it would not have passed
but for th'1 fact that the issue of legal tender notes
pro\ided foi in it was limited to an amount into
which this stun did not enter. That amount was
^300,000,000, $100,000,000 of which had leally
l>o"i) ant h c i ized before. The Committee of Ways
and Means, through its then oigan, said, very
much to the satisfaction of the House, that the
section which we are now discussing authorized
no legal tender paper, nor did the lull authorize
any except the $:200,000,000 in addition to the
§100,000,000 already authorize^ by joint resolu-
tion. So careful were the House upon that point,
that we inserted a promise that no language, how-
ever vague, in this section could be deemed or held
to authorize the issue of any additional legal tender
paper.
Now, I do not believe the House has experienced
a change of heart upon this subject at all. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
with his usual ability and ingenuity, in order to
reconcile the House to making these notes legal
tender paper, says that the Senate has cut down
the issue of legal tender paper in another section
to $50,000,000, making $150,000,000 with the
$100,000,000 already authorized.
Let me state before the House is induced to ac-
quiesce in his proposition to concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate, that while his statement is true
in shadow it is erroneous in substance. The Sen-
ate, it will be recollected, has sent here a bill,which
lies upon your Speaker's table, for the establish-
ment of a uniform currency, in which it is contem-
plated that §300,000,000 of currency shall be is-
sued and go into the mafket.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind the
gentleman that it is not in order to discuss that bill
at this time.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I am perfectly
aware of that. But I suppose 1 may, in the course
of my argument, advert to the fact that there is a
bill of the character I have mentioned lyina; on
your table, without going into a discussion of the
currency bill.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will allow me
to say that he does not state correctly the fea-
ture of that hill to which he refers. There is no
legal tender feature in it. There is a provision in
the bill providing for the issue of bank paper un-
der certain regulations, but there is no such thing
as legal tender in it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I have not said
at all that this cunency is a legal tender. I do
say now, however, that it is a legal tender for
many purposes. But, sir, I did not intend, nor
will 1 ho drawn into a discussion of that bill. I
merely referred to it for the purpose of saying that
1 understand the §300,000,000 there authorized
to be a substitute, in the plan of the Senate, for the
$300,000,000 legal tender notes authorized by the
House in its bill. The reduction which the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means has
referred to is merely a transfer of that clause of
this bill to another bill. If we authorize this is-
sue of $400,000,000 of legal tender paper, it will
be tantamount, in fact, to authorizing the issue of
$700,000,000 of legal tender notes in addition to
those already in circulation.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman will observe that this bill, as passed by the
Senate, authorizes the issuing of $150,000,000
legal tender notes in addition to the $400,000,000
in the section now under consideration, and which,
with the $300,000,000 in the other bill, will make
an aggregate of $850,000,000
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Certainly. Now,
Mr. Speaker, it would seepi a very strange pro-
ceeding to me, if after the action of the House
the other day, when this bill was originally before
it, in studiously limiting the amount of legal
tender paper to that expressed in the bill, and in
inserting a clause out of double caution that no
expression made use of in any other clause of the
bill should be construed into giving any further
authority in that direction, we should concur
with the Senate in this enormous enlargement of
the authority conferred in that particular, merely
by a change of form.
I do not hope by anything I may say to change
the vote of a single gentleman upon this subject.
1 have merely risen to call the attention of gentle-
men to the fact I have stated, believing that, if it
is understood, the amendment of the Senate will
not meet the concurrence of the House.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I am decidedly in favor of
this proposition as it comes from the Senate to
issue $-100,000,000 of Treasury notes, payable at
such tunes within three years as the Secretary of
the Treasury may determine, and bearing interest
at a rate not exceeding six per cent, per annum,
and making them a legal tender for the amount
due.
The objection made to the proposition is that it
will tend further to inflate the currency of the
country, thereby further deranging the standard
of prices. Now, sir, I do not think it will have
that effect. I think it will tend very much to
strengthen the credit of the Government, without
inflating the volume of the circulating medium of
the country.
Mr. JHORR.ILL, of Vermont. I desire to say
to the gentleman from Ohio that that is not the
'only objection. I did not desire to consume the
time of the House with any protracted debate, but
thought that we should pass expeditiously on this
bill. Another if not a paramount objection to the
one I suggested is this: that under the operation of
the Senate amendment no considerable part will
betaken by the banks,or other parties, and hoarded
or kept on hand as an investment. It will become
a circulating medium, because it is more"valuable
for that purpose than any other offered by the
Government. The main proposition of issuing ■
interest-bearing notes on short time will be de-
feated, because to banks and other parties they
are more valuable for legal tender for circulation
than for deposit or investment, on account of the
small rate of interest.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Mr. Speaker, I didnotsay
that it was the only objection urged against this
proviso. But I asserted that it was a principal
and essential objection, operating upon the minds
of gentlemen. 1 do not think that it will tend to the
result suggested; and I will state, briefly, why 1
think so. I know that our discussions must be
briefat this stage of the session. There are mil-
lions of dollars at this time seeking safe temporary
investment. I know that to be the case by the de-
velopment of the money market. I know it to be
the case by conversations which I have had with
capitalists. I have no doubt that these bonds will
afford a safe and convenient place for the invest-
ment of the surplus money now in the country. Let
me illustrate. A man in New York may have
$10,000 or $20,000, which he does not wish to use
for a month, but which he does not wish perma-
nently to invest. Suchaman—and there are thou-
sands of them—can secure the investment which
they desire by the loan here proposed. They can
invest their surplus money in these bonds. These
bonds, being receivable for Government dues and
being a legal tender, the holders of them can dis-
pose of them whenever they may wish to do so.
In this way a larger sum will be invested than ill
any other way. It will be the means, as 1 believe,
of drawing the surplus money in the country into
these investments to strengthen the hands of the
Government. I do not think that it will materi-
ally increase the volume of currency, but that it
will strengthen the power of the Government to
command the capital of the country, to carry on
this war. For that reason I am in favor of it. In
conversation with a gentleman from New York,
who represents some capital, he showed me the
form of a bond similar to that which is now pro-
posed, and he said that he would invest $25,000
himself in such securities, if they were issued by
thcGovernment. He did not want to in vest in per-
manent loans; and he is of a million who would
receive Treasury notes in the shape of a tempo-
rary loan; and it is plain to my mind thatit will
increase the strength of the Government, in com-
manding the money of the country. I therefore
hope that the House will reconsider its judgment
on that subject.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio whether he supposes when
these notes are issued, bearing interest, and have
all the faculties of legal tender notes, and the Gov-
ernment shall issue the other $50,000,000, which
pay no interest, that the banks will take the latter
when they can get notes that liotonly bear inter-
est, but are a legal tender?
Mr. HUTCHINS. I do not know what will
be the disposition of the banks, but I suppose that
the Secretary of the Treasury will so exercise the
discretion confided to him, and so manage, as to
obviate all objections like that which has just been
stated.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. However
the Secretary of the Treasury may manage, we
cannot shut our eyes, in looking at a matter of this
kind, to the ordinary transactions of life.
Mr. HUTCHINS. These would not be
convenient for a circulating medium as the legal
tender notes not bearing interest. They would
not be suitable for small dealers, and therefore
would not interfere with the other legal tender
notes.
Mr. PIKE. One result follows from the adop-
tion of the Senate's amendment, which in practi-
cal operation would frustrate the intentions of the
authors of these bills, for I take it for granted that
this and the bank bill are to be considered to-
gether. The evil to be remedied is the inflation
of the currency. The Senate proposes to effect
