100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
the only-true object of the war, which 13 peace and
Uniow.
. ft is an insult to history to expect that war
alone will anite us. Force may subdue the rebel-
lion; but other means must reconcile the people
North awl South. Interchange of commodities
And mutual courtesies will not do it; for separate
nations, like France and England, have these and
yet would forever remain distinct and hostile.
tC-onsans;iiinity alone will not do it. Many races,
•us the Gauls, Romans, Franks, and Buvgundians
constitute France, and have become nationalized
ititooiie, without the ties of kindred. Language
-uioiifi will not do it; for Great Britain is one,
though the people sing with Llewellyn in Welsh
and Burns in Scotch and Shakspeare in English.
The unity of a State by the principle of national-
ity results from the unforced and spontaneous
union of inclinations among a people. ''AndHa-
mor and Shechem his son communed with the
men of the city, saying, these men are peace-
able with us, therefore let them dwell in the land
arid trade therein; for the land, behold it is large
enough for them; let us take their daughters to us
for wives, and let us give them our daughters; only
herein will the men consent unto us to dwell with
US, to be ONE PEOPLE."
A movement looking to this consenting of the
affections, will restore the Union. Hhe eagle
must use the dove. The sword must be garlanded
with the olive. The bayonet alone, said Mfra-
beau, will only establish the peace of terror—the
silence of despotism.
•1 do not believe that France means hostility to
us in her tender of mediation. From my obser-
vation i believe that she is now, as she was in
the days ofRochambeau and La Fayette, desirous
of seeing our Union perfected. She loves Eng-
land little. Waterloo is not a myth, nor has time
bleached out its red memories. Our growing na-
val power is not pleasing to England; but it is
not obnoxious to France, which has ever been
jealous and fearful of English supremacy on the
sea, England refuses to join 111 the tender of
mediation, for the very reason that she winked
at the Alabama when she cleared the Mersey,
and now permits a thousand hammers to rivet the
iron mail upon a score of confederate steamers.
England, whose philanthropy is in a cotton pod,
refused the tender of Franco because she does not
care to see this democratic Republic as a standing
menace to aristocracy, and ever rivaling her upon
the ocean. England does not wish to mediate,
for she fears that if united we might be less tol-
erant of her bravado. She now smiles with satis-
faction over the transfer of commerce from Amer-
ican to English bottoms, owing to the increase of
murine insurance created by her own breaches
of neutrality. France may with England have
some selfish reasons for wishing 11a at peace. But
France prefers that we should have peace and
the Union; England preleis peace and a separa-
tion. The one is a friend, the other an enemy.
in one way, and in one way only,could medi-
ation be effective, by bringing together commis-
sioners North and South: not to arrange a treaty of
peace, not to agree upon a treaty of compromise,
but to inaugurate in the States—in the States
which are constituent elements of our Confedera-
tion, the original fountain of power from which
the Constitution derived its vitality—a movement
looking to a national convention, where, in con-
formity with the requiiements of our Constitution,
there could be found our common judge 011 earth,
the sovereign people of the agam'United States!
t do not now undertake to say in derail what such
-a convention ought to uo. It ought to compose
all our troubles in the spirit of amity, and, unless
we have degenerated beyond all former genera-
tions, it ought to evoke the spirit of 1787, and
weave and plait anew J.di bond of union, strong
aa the mighty interests of tiii3 nation, whidi aie
to be unbound by it forever, in such a conven-
tion ot'States, rigid justice might not be meted out
to either party. Neither psrty would be con-
demned to humiliating sacrifices inconsistent with
the future dignity and equality of the States. All
losses could not be reimbursed; for who could call
again to life the thousands sism in the unhappv
strife-'
But, in the spirit of Christian brotherhood, all
might be arranged; the Union be started again upon
a career of progress under the old flag, and with
anew hope.amnlsttba shouts of a free and peace-
ful people; and all the States, side by side, like the
majesties of Olympus, commune kindly through
all the ages of history.
i{Self-reverent each, and reverencing each,
Distinct in individuality,
But like each other, even as those who love."
I will now yield to the gentleman from Kansas.
Mr. CONWAY. The gentleman has answered
the question, by his speech, which 1 intended to
propound.
Mr. NOELL obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. IiUTCHINS, who moved that the Com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So thecommittee rose; and Mr. Aldrich having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Dawes
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had the
Union generally under consideration, and particu-
larly the annual message of the President, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
On motion ofMr. STILES, (at four o'clock and
fiye minutes, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE. '
Tuesday, December 16, 1862.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following message from the President of
the United States:
Fellow- Citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives:
I liave In my possession tluee valuable swords, formerly
the property ot General David E. Twiicgs, which I now place
at the disposal of Confess. They were forwarded to me
from New Orleans by Major General Benjamin F. Iiutler. ]
If the v, or any of them, shall be by Congress disposed of in j
reward or compliment of military service, I think General !
Butler is entitled to the first consideration. A copy of the !
General's letter to me, accompanying the swords, is here-
with transmitted. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Mr. I1ALE. I move to lay that message on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. NESMITH presented the petition of Col- j
onel Charles S.Merchant, of the fourth regiment of j
artillery, United States Army,for indemnification j
for property lost on board the steamer San Fran- j
cisco, in the year 1853; which was referred to the !
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia. I
Mr. RICE presented the memorial of A. H. |
Jones and Ii. M. C. Rrown, praying for an ap- !
propnation of $2,449 96, to pay a sum due them |
upon an adjusted claim for services rendered by j
them in making treaty stipulations with the Cher- ■
okee, Chickasaw, Creek, and Seminole Indian ;
tribes; which was referred to the Committee on ;
Indian Affairs. j
ItEPOitTS FUOM COMMITTERS. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi- j
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. ;
592) to amend an act entitled "An act to provide ;
internal revenue to support the Government and !
to pay intereston the publicdebt," approved July j
1, ISGxJ, have instructed me to report it back with j
several amendments which they propose. I shall '
not ask for the present consideration of the bill, ■
but I give notice that I shall call it up to-morrow.
RDPOIIT ON ENDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following reso- ;
lation; which was considered by unanimous cor:- ;
sent, and referred to the Committee on Printing: '
Rc&oh cJ, That one thousand copies of the report of the
Commissioner of Indian AiFairs in addiiion to th< ,o nl- ;
ready oidered, be primed for the use of the Commissioner. '
]! EPOTtT OF CAPTAIN MULL an. j
Mr. RICE submitted the following resolution;
which was con&id^rrd l-y unanimous consent, and ,
rgreecl to:
Rrsolvpiy Tint the Committee on Military Affairs and the |
Militia be, and they are herebj, m^tructea to inquire into :
the  >xpcdieiic\ of p-nviding for tiie publication or theieport .
ot Captain VTni'an of ins military survc-v of the route fiom '
the O/innhm rivc>\ in Washington Termory, to Tort Hen-
ton. i;s I>ako;aTirr.tory.
CULTCUE OF COTTON. ;
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso- ■
luf.on; which was considered by unanimous con- ;
sent, and agreed to: :
XetolvM, That the President of ft* United Ptates lx« 1
requested to communicate to the Senate (if it be not incom-
patible with the public interest) any unpublished official
correspondence touching the culture of cotton in Asia
Minor and Egypt.
APPOINTMENTS TO FILL VACANCIES.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire whether the practice, which to some
extent prevails in some of the departments of Government,
of appointing officers to fill vacancies which have not oe-
cmred during the recess of Congress, but which existed at
the preceding session of Congress, is in accordance with
the^Uonstitution; and if not, what remedy shall be applied.
INTEREST ON THE PUBLIC DEBT.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolutions; which were considered byunanimous
consent, referred to thy Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed:
Resolved, That the Government will maintain the pay-
ment of coin for interest on its indebtedness, and that they
would consider it a broach of good faith with the public
creditors to do otherwise.
Resolved, That duties on imports shall continue to be col-
lected in coin and the old issue of demand notes only; and
that when the latter shall not bo obtainable for purposes of
such payment, they shall thereafter be payable only in coin.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 414)
granting public lands to the State of Minnesota,
to aid in improving the navigation of the Minne-
sota and Red River of the North, and connecting
the same by canal; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Publie
Lands.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a biil(S. No. 415) to
promote the efficiency of the subsistence depart-
ment.; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. WILKINSON, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce -a
bill (S. No. 416') for the relief of persons for
damages sustained by reason of depredations and
injuries by certain bands of the Sioux Indians;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also-asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 417) for
the removal of the Winnebago Indians, and for
the sale of their reservation in Minnesota for their
benefit; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 418) for
the removal of the Sisseton, Wahpaton, Medawa-
kanton, and Wahpakoota bands of Sioux I ndians,
and for the disposition of their reservations in
Minnesota and Dakota; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 419) to improve the organiza-
tion of the cavalry forces; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
VOTE OP THANKS TO CAPTAIN RINGGOLD.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, in pursuance of
previous noticc, I ask leave to introduce a joint
resolution tendering the thanks of Congress to
Captain CadwaliaderRmggoldand the officers and
crew of the United States ship Sabine. *
<{ Peace bath her victories
No less renowned than war.*5
In grateful recognition of two among the no-
blest of her triumphs, I have offered the resolution
before the Senate. In this practical world of ours,
there is not an ounce too much of worship for
heroes. There is far too little heroism to wor-
ship. The two facts stand to rach oiherinthe
relation of cause and effect. The coldness and
indifference of the worship baffle and betray the
heroic endeavor. There would be liitk; chtvalric
doing at the world's tourmiment, if it were not
followed by the smiles of beauty and the plaudits
of the throng. Th" gods will not dwell in those
temples from which fhu sniolc of sacrifice and
the incense of praise have finally departed.
Of the skill and daring exhibited m the com-
bats of man with man, whether upon land or s«*-a,
