1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1089
this object by taxing bank circulation one per
cent., and thus driving it out, and in the place of
it substituting the bills of banks based upon na-
tional bonds. But this fact is to be considered:
banks in Pennsylvania, New England, and else-
where,are evidently banking upon the legal tender
currency. They use it instead of specie. And it
is well understood that in ordinary times a bank
in good credit can maintain specie payments and
. keep up a circulation of five and six times the
amount of specie on hand. At present the Secre-
tary of the Treasury complains that banks are di-
verting the legal tender currency from its proper
use, and making- it a base upon which to issue
large amounts of bank bills. But this bill pro-
vides the banks a legal tender basis bearing inter-
est. Under it a bank can purchase $100,000 of
bonds, and, stowing them away in its vaults, issue
two or three or four hundred thousand dollars of
bills. It would receive $6,000 interest on its
bonds, which would very much more than pay
the tax on the circulation, and thus they would
get the interest on the circulation as clear profit.
It seems to me that the Senate 's proposition would
in this way directly and forcibly lead to a large
inflation of currency, which is the great evil of
the day.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I do not know whether the
bank bill will pass or not. I hope it will. I do
not understand that the bank bill proposes to
make these notes the basis for banking. 1 do
not know what would be the effect of the different
measures which we are proposing, and ha\e been
adopting. It is a matter of speculation. I be-
lieve that the bank bill will correct the evil which
gentlemen suggest. It will change the legal tender
notes as a basis of circulation and substitute bonds,
which will have a good effect on the country.
M r. MORItlLL, of Vermont. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio this question: whether he sup-
poses if this amendment of the Senate should be
adopted, that the Secretary of the Treasury will
ever be able to negotiate one bond? Will not cap-
italists prefer an interest-bearing security, which
is a legal tender to all intents and purposes, rather
than bonds hearing interest,and not a legal tender?
Mr. HUTCHINS. That will depend on the
rate of interest on these bonds, and the fixing of
thiii interest is left to the discretion of the Sec-
retaiy of the Treasury. He will be enabled so
to arrange the rate of interest as to avoid the dif-
ficulty stated by the gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. SPAULDfNG. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
say a word on this subject. The bill provides
that these bonds shall be as low as ten dollars,
and that interest shall be paid on them as low as
ten dollars. I think that they will get into circu-
lation; and my opinion of their bearing interest
is, that the circulating medium should not bear
interest. We need circulation without interest.
It is a loan from the people without inteiest.
What we require of this ftind of bonds is, that
they shall be laid aside, and when any person
desires to use them they may be turned into legal
tender notes. But, sir, the circulation of the coun-
try ought not to bear interest.
Now, a word in regard to the next section of the
bill, which provides for the issuing of $300,000,000
of legal tender notes, which is all the circulation
we propose to authorize to be issued as circulation.
The other is a mere temporary investment. Now,
what the House wants, so as to make the sys-
tem work harmoniously, is to vote down the two
amendments, the legal tender amendment in this
section, and the reduction amendment in the next
section. Then you will have a harmonious sys-
tem; first, you will have the interest-bearing notes,
which are to be laid aside, and which will not he
circulated to any great extent, and in the third
section you provide for a circulation without in-
terest. This is the practical policy, in my judg-
ment, in reference to carrying on our financial
affairs.
I now demand the previous question upon this
section.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question recun ing upon concurring in the
ninth amendment,
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Tellers weie ordered; and Messrs. Stevens,
and Morrill of Vermont, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reporting—
ayes 42, ncs 45; less than a quorum—
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew the demand for tellers.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
JUne thirty-four, page 3, strike out the words," who shall
also allow, in any ?uch negotiations, and pay in coin, any
interest which may have accumulated thereon,"and insert:
And any interest accrued on said notes shall be computed
in such receipts and payments as part of the par value
thereof.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the House is
rather thin, and as there is but one amendment fol-
lowing this in which the House feel any special in-
terest, and as the Committee of Ways and Means
recommend a non-concurrence in that amendment,
I propose that the House non-concur in all the
remaining amendments for the purpose of getting
through with the biii.
Mr. BIDDLE. I sec that the twenty-second
amendmentof the Senate strikes out the provision
in the bill of the House making the coupons re-
ceivable for duties on imports in place of coin. I
thought that a good provision when it originally
appeared in our bill, and I should not like to see
it struck out.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark
that the proposition is to non-concur in the Sen-
ate amendments.
Mr. BIDDLE. If that is the proposition, it
will save the provision of the House bill.
Mr. ALLEY. I object to any such arrangement.
The SPEAKER. The question is then upon
concurring; in the tenth Senate amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that the
House concur in thatamendmentwithan amend-
ment, by striking out of the words proposed to be
inserted the words "as part of," and inserting
and added to."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The Senate amendment,as amended, was then
concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Page 4, commencing at line forty, strike out the words,
" reissue any amount of Treasury notes herein authorized
equal to the amount redeemed. There shall be printed on
the hack of the Treasury notes which may he issued under
the provision^ of tin* act. llieamouiitof inteiest which will
have accumulated at tli<> «;nd of caeh throe month's from the
date theieof, and wouis importing that said notes area legal
tendei m payment of internal dutus and all debts and de-
mand5' due to the United States, except duties on imports,
and ate receivable for all loans made to the United States;"
and insert in lieu thereof:
And in heu of any Treasury notes received in payment,
otherwise redeemed, and canceled or destroyed, issue an
equal amount of other Treasury notes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth and thirteenth amendments:
Page 4, line five, belore the word u hundred?" strikeout
" three," and inseit "one and m line six,alter the woid
"hundred," lnseit "and fifty;" m) that the claiuc will
road :
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized, it required by the exigencies of the public ser-
vice, for the payment o! the Army and Navy, and other
creditors, of tlx* Government, to issue on the oiedit of the
United States the sum of $.30,000,000 of United States notes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means recommend a non-con-
currence in those two amendments.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Page 4, line six, iiuert immediately after the last amend-
ment the words :
Including the amount of such notes heretofore authorized
by the joint resolution approved January 17, 1863.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
Page 5, after line seventeen, insert the following:
And in lieu ot any of suid noto, or any other United
States notes, returned to the Ticasury, and canceled or de-
stroyed, there may be l^ucd enual amount^ of United States
noto^, such as are authorr/ed by tin-* act. And so much
of the act to authorize the i^ue of United States notes, and
for other purposes, approved February 25, Je4j2, and ol (he
act to authonze an additional i!-sueol United State, notes,
and for other purposes, appioved Jidy 11, 1^6*2, as restrict*
the negotiation of bonds to market value, if hereby repealed.
And the holdeis ot United States notes, i&sued under and
by virtue of said act*, shall present the same tor the pm-
pose of exchanging the same for bonds, as therein provided,
on or belbie the \>t day of July, 1863, ami thereafter the i!
right so to exchange the dame shall cease and ddeimnie. jj
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Committee j
of Ways and Means recommend a concuncncc. A
The amendment was concurred in. u
Sixteenth amendment:
Page 6, line eight, before the word " assistant," strike
out the word "Treasurer."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Page 6, line nine, strike out the words "for postage and
revenue stamps," and insert" for United States notes,"
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence".
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth and nineteenth amendments:
Page 6, line eleven, after the word " the," insert" shall
be."
After the word "receivable," insert "for postage and
revenue stamps, and also,"
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendments were concurred in.
The clause, as amended by the lastfour amend-
ments, will read as follows:
And all such notes issued shall be exchangeable by the
Assistant Treasurers and designated depositaries for Uni-
ted States notes, in sums not Ics*. than three dollars, and
shall be receivable for postage and revenue stamps, and
also in payment of any dues to the United States less than
five dollars, except duties on imports, and shall be redeemed
on presentation at the Treasury of the United States in such
sums and under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall prescribe.
Twentieth amendment:
Page 6, immediately after the clause last amended, strike
out the following:
And shall be exchangeable at the office of the Treasurer
of the United States, or of any Assistant Tieasureror des-
ignated depositary, for United States notes of an equivalent
amount: Provided, That the whole amount Of fractional
currency issued, including postage and revenue stamps
issued as curicncy, shall not exceed $o0,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, i am directed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to recom-
mend a concurrence in this amendment, with an
amendment which shall leave in the proviso. I
move that amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendmen t was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
Page 7, line four, after the word '• direct," insert the fol-
lowing :
And shall have printed upon them such statements, show-
ing the amount of accrued or accruing interest, the charac-
ter ot the notes, and the penalties or punishment for alter-
ing or cotintei feiting them, as the Secretary of the Treasury
may prescribe.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
Sti ike out the seventh section, as follows:
Sue. 7. *dnd be it further cnacted, That on and after the
1st day of Match, 18G3, the coupons on nil bonds and Treas-
ury notes of the United States heretofore issued, and which
may be issued under and by virtue of this act, shall, at any
time within thirty days befoic they become respectively
duo, and at any tunc after they become due, he receivable
for customs as'coln, under such regulations us the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall prescribe.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence. t
Mr. BIDDLE. I was about to submit a few
words in behalf of the House bill as it stands,
when a proposition to non-concur in all the amend-
ments of the Senate took me oft' the floor. I think
that the clause in the House bill which the Senate
proposes to strike out, and which provides that
the coupons upon the United States bonds shall
be receivable for customs as coin, will enhance the
value of the bonds. We require specie through the
medium of collection of the customs for the mere
purpose of paying interest upon the public debt;
that is to say, for paying these very coupons; and
therefore, if you receive the coupons in the very
first instance in payment of imports, you avoid
all unnecessary circuity, and you thus augment
the volume of specie in the country fully to that
extent, and therefore diminish its price.
I know it is suggested upon the other side—and
it is the only suggestion I have heard in favor of
the Senate amendment—that there will be some
difficulty in recognizing and canceling these cou-
pons. But I find that our bill provides that they
shall be receivable under *ueh lobulations as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe, and I
can scarcely suppose that his judgment and in-
