THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 17.
genuity will not prescribe such regulations as will
Entirely remove that supposed inconvenience.
Mr. HOOPER. I hope the House will concur
in this amendment of the Senate. The reason
stated by the gentleman fiorn Pennsylvania [Mr.
Bundle] for retaining- the section influenced the
committee originally in putting it in; but the ob-
jection to it which induced the Senate to strike it
out was the difficulty of arranging for the pay-
ment at the custQiYi-house of these coupons, so
that the correctness of the coupons could be as-
certained. When the coupons are paid now great
pains is taken to ascertain their genuineness, if
they are received at the custom-houses in this
way, there will be no control over them. It will
be left entirely to the custom-hou.se officers, with-
out those special safeguards which now suiround
the payment of coupons; and I think anybody
who will talk with the officers at the Treasury
Department will feel quite certain that the amend-
ment of the Senate should be concurred in, and
this section omitted from the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust that the
amendment of the Senate will not be concurred
in. It is certainly a matter of very great conven-
ience that these coupons shall be permuted to
be transmitted from any part of the country to
the sea-board or to the custom-houses, \yhero they
may be received in payment of duties. 1 can
see no objection whatever to their being so used.
They art: not bills of circulation that would be
worn and defaced. They are all propeily num-
bered, and engraved with the same care as are
bonds or United States notes; and 1 presume that
the cashiers of the custom-houses are as much
experts, have as much knowledge on the subject,
and are as competent to decide whether they ate
fraudulent or not, as any other officeiH in any de-
partment of the Government. It will bo seen by
looking at the section as it passed the House,
that ail this is to be done under the regulations
of the Secretary of the Treasury. It may im-
pose additional labors on officers of the Govern-
ment; but that I am perfectly willing they shall
bear. I tiust the amendment of the Senate will
not prevail.
Mr. LOW. f desire to say that this piovision
as it passed the House meets my entile disapprov-
al. i can see no pressing or peculiar necessity
for it unless you choose to pay the interest on these
bonds thirty days before it become due. On the
contrary, the reason assigned by the gonllrmmi
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooter] seems to un-
to cogent, that in my judgment the section ought
to be stricken out.
We all know very well that even with the best
engraved bank notes ii is not a dilftculi matter, in
the present age, foi countei feus to be made winch
will pn.ss tilt? very closest sciutmy. And yet it is
proposed to make these coupons a legal tender in
the payment of duties, thus subjecting them to the
scrutiny of the custom-house officers all over the
country, many of whom have, perhaps, never seen
one of these bonds or coupons, and are entirely
incompetent to pass upon the question of their
genuineness. Suppose a batch of counterfeits of
these coupons should be earned to San Francisco
and tendered in payment of duties at the custom-
house there, where very few of these bonds go;
there would be no other coursc for the officers
there to pursue but to receive them, and in my
judgment their experience in this matter would
not be sufficient to guard the Government Against
counteifeiting.
Mr. WALKER. I do not think the objections
raised to this section ofthe bill arc a! all well found-
ed. The legulations adopted by the Secretary of
the Treasuiy would entnely obviate all difficulty
wliatevei.
Mr. LOW. Can the Secretary of the Treasury
make -any regulations to prevent counterfeiting?
If he can, 1 «hou!d be glad to know it.
Mr. WALK ICR. It is not pictended that he
can. The argument of thegentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. 1 >fDi>Ll] is to my mind entirely con-
clusive, and it .sei-ms to me that there can be no
interest against this prowsion unless it be the in-
terest that is promoted by the premium on gold.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
In bcetion twenfv-toiir, -tnke out all nftt;r the wool
in line three, down to ami including the woul "that,'' ill
line twenty three,a- follows: '-out3 pei rent eaeh hulfveai
fioin arid after Aptil 1. 1363, upon the aveiage amount of :
calculation of notes or lulls as cuircncy issued beyond the ;
amount hereinafter named—that is to say, bank*, associa- \
tions, corporations, or individuals, having a capital of not |
over .-8100,000, ninety per cent, thereof; over §100,000 and ;
not over .5300,000, eighty per cent, thereof; over $200,000 :
and not over $300,000, seventy per cent, thereof; over
$300,000 and not over $500,000, sixty per cent, thereof;
ovet $500,000 and nor over .$1,000,000",fifty percent.there-
of ; ovet $1,000,000 and not over $1,500,000, forty percent,
thereof; over $1,500,000 and not over $2,000,000, thirty per
cent, thereol; over $2,000,000, twenty-five percent, there-
of. Tu the case of banks with branches, the duty heteiu
provided for shall be imposed upon the circulation of the
note* oi bills of such blanches severally, and not upon
the aggregate circulation of all; and the amount ol capital
of each branch shall be considered to be the amount allot-
ted to or used by suchbianch : /,roi'Wcrf,That;"and Inseit
in lieu theteof: "one half of one per cent, each half year
ft oil i and after Apul 1, 1863, until the 1st day of April,
1865. upon the average amount of notes or bills outstand-
ing as eiurencv during the six months next preceding the
return hereinafter piovided lor; and on and alter said 1st
day of April, 1865, said tax or duty ->hall be one per cent,
each half year theieafter on said average amount;" &o that
the section as amended will read:
-M, Jindbcit further enacted, That all banks, asso-
ciations, cm poiatioiw, or individuals i^uing notes or bills
for circulation as cuireney, shall be subject to and pay a
duty oi one halt of one per cent, each half year from and
after April I, J8t>3, until the 1st day of April. 18G5, upon
the average amount of notes oi bills outstanding as cur-
rency duiuig the six months next preceding the return
heieinai'icr piovided foi ; and from and after said 1st day
of April, 1865, said tux or duty "hall bo one percent, each
halt vear theieafter on said average amount, See.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. McKNIGhlT. Mr. Speaker, when this
section of the bill was before the House a week
or two since, I preferred and do now prefer a dif-
feient system of taxation on bank circulation.
That, however, was voted down by the House.
But at that time the gentleman from New Yoik
[Mr. Uoscoe Conkling] and myself differed as
to the power to lay a tax upon bank circulation,
and the gentleman then asked whether 1, as a
lawyer, believed that Congress had the power to
lay a tax upon the franchises of a corporation,
the creature of a State. 1 told him that I took
that position. Thegentleman then said he would
like to see an authority for it. Of course, in a
running five minutes debate, I was not then pre-
pared to furnish any authorities, but i told him
I was satisfied there was such authority. Since
then I have been astonished to find in a debate
reported in the Globe of last Friday, this argu-
ment made by a gentleman whom i consider a
very distinguished lawyer, the honorable Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] as follows;
" Have we, by the use of the power to raise revenue,
openly, avowedh, intentionally, the amlionty to peivert
that powoi to the destitution of [those] the bank*?"
A ml again:
u Hence, f -av the United States ha* no more power to tax
a State institution out of existence than \ State lias to lax
a United Suue- ui-Uiluiion oni of existence. I should like
to >cc that an-weu-d I have sonietnnt's ptoposed thai ques-
tion, but I have never received any an-wer to it. In iiiiM
of the Stufe-, the State of \re\v Yoik, foi instance, almost
all tin ii bank- .ire founded upon iheir own State stocks.
It h a part of th<*ir financial -y-teni to make then stocks
valuable, and to enable them to make internal improve-
ment-. All these State banks are moie or le<s connected
with and Minified in uuh the business of their several
Siafe-i. Can they be taxed out of existence by the United
States? Why, sir. jon inishi jn-f as well tell mo that the
United States, uiidei the powt i ol fa \ ;ifion. could go on and
extinguish all (In: hchooU in New England b\ taxing its
schools, its col leges, and it- academies, and then hooks and
their build m<r< and the salaues (it ihe profe^sois, and m that
way destiny thein under the vet} irenetal ptmciplc ot the
power o( univet«al taxation. 1 shall not dwell longer upon
that point. I have stated my view upon it."'
This, if t remember it rightly, was precisely
the argument of the gentleman from New Yoik,
[Mr. itoscoE Con-klixg.] lie asked me if I con-
tended that Congress had the power to tax hanks
[j and other corporations, and tax tkem out of ex-
ij istence. 1 told him that I did not contend that
|j Congiess could go to that absuid length, nor did
;; I believe that that was designed heie.
j: The gentleman asked me if we could do it in
■1 the case of a railroad corporation. I pointed him
ij to the fact that we had already taxed thepassen-
j( gers on railroads, and also manufacturing eorpo-
j; rations, which are the creatures of the State just
]! as much as these banks are. I piopose now to
jj give the gentleman the authority he then asked
I for. I desire to say first, however, that those who
j1 did me the honor to listen to me the other day will
|; remember that I stated that 1 considered the only
I; lestriction upon the taxingpower ofCongiess was
that where direct taxes were imposed they must
! > be laid per capita, or according to the census; where
duties, imposts, and excises were imposed, they
must be laid uniformly throughout the States, and
that that was the only limitation. I read now from
3 Dallas, page 174, Hylton vs. United States, opin-
ion by Chase, Justice:
f* I consider the Constitution to stand in this manner: a
general power is given to Congiess to lay and collect taxes
of every kind and nature without any restraint except only
on exports. But two rules are prescribed tor their govern-
ment; that is, uniformity and appotttonment. Three kinds
of taxes, to wit: duties, impo-N, and excises, and capita-
tion, or other direct taxes by the second nile."
Justice Iredell, in the same case, page 181, says:
"The Congress possess the power of taxing all taxable
objects without limitation, with the paiticnlar exception of
a duty on impoits. Theie ate two reductions, only on the
exercise of this auLhoutv:
"1. AH duett taxes must be apportioned.
k<2. All duties, imposts, and excises must be uniform."
I will also cite the case of Dobbins vs. The Com-
missioners of Erie Comity, in 16 Peters, p. 435:
u Taxation is a sacred right, essentia! to the existence
of Government, an incident of sovereignly. The light of
legislation is coextensive with the incident, to attach it on
all persons and propei ty within the juri-dtctton of a State."
* * * * " ileieis aconcunent rijihtof legis-
lation in the Slates and the United States, except as both
are re-strained by the Constitution of the United States.'5
* * * * '-The Government of the United States
is supreme within itd thereof action The means neces-
sary and proper to eariy into efiect the powers in the Con-
stitution aie in Congress. Congies* has power to lay and
collect taxes, duties, tmpo-ts, &c\ This cannot be done
without legislation; a complicated machineiy of forms,
instruments, and person- must be established,^ &c.
Now, Mr. Speakei, I think that these two cases
decide this point, that Congress can tax anything
whatever that a State can tax; and to show that a
State has the power to tax corporations, which are
the creatures of its own law, and that if they are to
be exempted from taxation at all they must be
exempted at the hands of the sovereignty which
gave them their franchises and privileges, I cite
Chief Justice Marshall's opinion in the case of
the Providence Rink rs. Billings, 4 Peters, 171:
"The povvci of taxing moneyed corporation- ha* been
frequently exetci-ed, and has never befoie, so f,u as is
known, been rc-isted. That the taxing power is oi vital
nnpoitanee, and cssentml to the existence of government,
aie liuths which it cannot be necessaiy to le.Ulhin. The
tune may come when a duty may be imposed on mamilac-
tines. Would an mcoipoiaied company be exempt as the
mere consequence ol it=s eh;irier? Any privilege winch
may exempt an incotporation fiom buidcn-common to in-
dividual- do not How necessarily liotn ihe chattel, but
must be expio-.-ed m it, ot they do not < xi-t. If the power
of taxation i^ inconsistent witli the chai ter because it may
be so exctciscd as to de-ttoy the object for which the chatter
was «ivt n, it is equally mcon-i.-tent wnh eveiy oilier chai-
tei, because equal! j capable of woikmu <le<tt ucijon. If the
Slant of powei to tiade in money implies an exemption ot*
the slock in nade fiom luxation, beeau-e the tax m< y ab-
soib ail ihe piofits, then the giant of any other tiling im-
plies the same exemption, for if ma\ be faxed to an extent
which will tendei it totally unptofitable We must look
foi exemption in ihe language or ihe m-iiument," &c.
" The power ot |i«< i.-lauon and, con-cquently, of taxation
resales in Government, a- a patt of itself, and need not be
removed when piopett.v, ot the ri<*ht to use it m any man-
ner, is gianted to individual- oi c^rpomte bodies. However
ab-olutc Ihe nsrht, it is still in the naitirc of ihat right that
it iniwt bear a pomon ofthe public buidens, to be determ-
ined by the Legislatme. This may be abused ; but the Con-
stitution of the United States was not intended to futnish
a coitecnvc tor eveiv aouse of nowet by the States. The
iuteie--t, wisdom, and justice ofthe representative body
furnish the only sccuutv, wbcie theic is no express con-
tract, against unjust and excessive taxation."
Chief Justice Marshall then cites with approval
the case of McCulloch vs. Maryland, 4 Wheaton,
p. 316:
"The power of taxation w.^ an incident of sovereignty,
and coextensive with that to which it wiwan incident." Ml
potvcn owt which the -oveietgn povi ci of a State extends
are subject6 of taxation."—Had., p. ,"G4. (See 9 Wheaton,
p. 7Ite.)
Mr. ROSCOI2 CONKUNG. I desire simply
to make this remark: that neither an the occasion
referred to by the gentleman nor on any other oc-
casion have 1 affirmed on this floor that Congress
has not the powei to tax State coi porations, even
their circulation or franchises. The gentleman
stated the other day that it had been decided that
that power existed. 1 was not aware, nor am I
now aware, after listening to him, that any such
decision had been made; and therefore 1 put to
him the question. But I did not affirm, nor do I
now, nor have I ever affii med, the absence of that
power; nor do 1 affirm the presence of it.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Mi. Speaker, I do not
know any gentleman in this body who is so
•' Well skilled to argue and dispute,
Confute, change bands, and ©till confute,"
as the gentleman fiom New York, [Mr. Roscoe
Conklinc.] I think the gentleman took the no-
