THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*".•f
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, IX 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1863.
New Series.....No., 66. -4
sition very decidedly the other day which I have
ascribed to him. I thought—and so told him—
that lie had very materially modified his remarks
as they appeared in the Globe. But even as they
did appear, I think it will be found he goes to the
extent I have stated. He says:
" With the pcrinisMon of the author of this amendment,
I inquire of him whether, in his judgment as a lawyer, Con-
gress has power to impose this tax—a tax upon the fran-
chises, or upon the issue of banks chartered by States?"
To which I replied:
" I have no doubt Congress lias that power, and I believe
It has been so decided
To which the gentleman from New York re-
plied:
"But if it has ever been decided that Congress has the
power to impose a tax upon privilege's expressly leseived
to the Staj.es. and by them exempted from taxation, I should
like to see the authority.*'
I then cited paragraph one of section eight,
article one, of the Constitution, as follows :
" The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes,
duties?, iinpo&ts, and excise^, to pay the debts and provide
foi ihe common defense and general welfare of the United
States; but all duties, imports, and excises shall be uniform
throughout the United States."
The gentleman then, pushing his argument to
extremes, added :
s: If it be true that States cannot tax, and tax out of ex-
istence, the securities of the General Government i^ued fo 
it? purposes, how does it happen that the Gencial Govern-
ment may tax, and tax outot existence, aecuimes issued
under the authority of the States for this puipo&e?"
I replied:
"That I claim no such broad position as that Congress
could tax out of oxHtonee, or would tax out of existence,
COiporations charteied by the States; but, after all, that
appeals to the discretion and judgment of Congress."
I believed that the State sovereignty lias the
right and power to impose taxes on corporations,
the creatures of its own formation; and I believe,
a fortiori, the United States, the supreme sover-
eign, has &ull more plenary powers to impose,
through Congress, all necessary taxes on such
institutions, under the constitutional restraints al-
ready cited; and that Congress is the sole judge
of the extent of such taxation. In this position
I think I am fully sustained by Chief Justice
Marshall, and with such indorsement I am con-
tent.
Mr. WALKER.. Mr. Speaker, this amend-
ment is very important regarded in connection
with the biil which we know is to come before us
—the biil for establishing what is called a national
currency. If we concur in this amendment of the
Senate reducing the tax to one half percent, semi-
annually instead of one per cent., it will follow
that we cannot lay a tax on the banks which we
propose to establish, for if we do they cannot exist.
Mr. MORllILL, of Vermont. I suppose the
House understands very well that this bill is an
independent proposition, not intended by the
House to be connected with any other. The
amendment proposed by the Senate is neither fish,
flesh, fowl, nor good red herring. [Laughter.] It
'does not propose to tax the bonks fairly for the
purpose of revenue, because the gentlemen who
discussed it in that body utterly disclaimed any
such purpose. They conceded banks now already
pay their due proportion of taxes. And if the
tax be only imposed for the purpose of suppress-
ing or regulating an excessive circulation, it ftuls
entirely of its purpose. It is aimed at the whole,
and not at any excels.
Mr. WALKER. On referring again to the bill
before us, I find4hat the amendment of the Senate
does not realiv reduce the tax upon the banks,
and therefore 1 retract my objection.
The question was taken, and the Senate amend-
ment was non-concurrcd in.
Twenty -fou r t h amend men t:
Strike out. after the words " next precedmtr,'' the words
"as afoie.-aici, during the tune when such duties remain
unaccounted loito that if will lead .
And a h-r or loiuin f-hall be made and rendered within
thirty day* aitei the M day of October, 1£6H. and each h.x
months jhereaiter, to ihe Commissioner ot Intcriul Reve-
nue, winch hhull contain a tru<' and faithful accmint of the
amount of duties aceined, or which should accme, on the
full amount of the fractional note circulation and on the
average amount of all othei circulation for the six months
next picocduig.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Strike out the ninth section of the bill, follows:
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provision4* of
the aet entitled " An act to provide lor the better oigani-
zation of the Treasury, arid tor the collection, safe keep-
ing, tran&fer, and disbursement of the public revenues,"
approved August G, 1846, be, and the same are hereby, so far
modified as- to authorize the Secretaiy of the Tieasury, at
his dit-eretion. to allow any money obtained fioni loans or
internal levenue to be deposited in solvent banks, to the
ciedit of the Ti earner of tiie United States, upon deposit-
ing, by said banks, with the Tieasurci. an amount ot
United States bonds or Tieasuiy notes, not iess than sueh
deposits, respectively, as secuiity for the payment thereof;
and from time to tune, the Secretary of the'Tieasmy may
use sueli deposits, by draft 01 check, to pay any of the cred-
itors ot the Government, 01 fot nansfer to the Treasury or
authotized depositories.
Mr. LOW. I move that the amendment be
non-concurred in.
The question was taken; and the amendment
wq,s non-concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Alter the word "apply," insert: "to all persons who
shall imitate. countcUeit, make, or sell any p.ipei such as
that used, ot piovided tobeused.foi the tiaetional notes
piepated, or lobe piepared, in the Tieasuiy Department
building, and no th.it it will icad:
And tbe piovi^ions and penaliie-jof said sixth and sev-
enth sections shall extend and apply to all person*- who
shall imitate, counterfeit, make, 01 sell anv paper sueh
that u-sed, or piovided to be tis-cd, for the fiactional notes
prepared, 01 to be prepared, in the Trca-uiy Dcpaitmenl
buiUlinsr. and to ail officials of the Tioajuiy Depaitment
engaged in engi.iving and ptejuring the bond*-, notes, and
fiactional eunencv hereby authoir/.ed to he issued, and to
all official and unofficial per.soiw hi any mannei employed
undet the provision.-, ot this act.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concuired in.
And then (at six o'clock, p. m., according to
agreement) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 18, 18G3.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Ilev. Dr. Sunderland.
election of president pro tempore.
The SECRETARY. The Senate will please
come to order.- The Secretary will announce that
he has received the following note from the Vice
President:
Washington City, Fehrxiom 17, 18g3.
Sin : Desiring to l c absent fiom the seat of Government
for the le-idue of the pre-ent session altei to-day, I have to
icfjiuM that \ ou will communicate this desne to the Hen-
ate, With a v!«-w of it^ choosing a Pic&tdcnt pro tcmpoic, as
the Constitution piovales.
I ant, icj-pectfuilv, your obedient sctvant,
ii. iiamlin.
Truc President oj the United States,
and President of the Senate.
John \V. For^hy, E-q., Secretary oj the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Secretary, I offer
the following resolution:
Resolved. That in the absence of the Vice President, lion.
Solomon Foot be, and he is beicby, chosen President of
tho Senate p,-o tempore.
The Secretary put the question on the resolu-
tion, and it was agreed to ntm. con.
Mr. FOOT took the chair as President pro tem-
pore.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the Serretrry wait upon the President of
tUi" Uuit'-d Ptate- and intoim bun ih.it, in the. absence oftbe
Vice President, tin- Senate haM'hoi-eu lion Solomon- Foot
Prcri'K ut of the Senate pio tempore; and that he make a
similai communication to the IIou*e of Representatives.
TheJournai of yesterday was read and approved, j
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. WILSON, of Missomi, presented the cre-
dentials of Hon. Joiix B. Henderson*, elected by
the Legislature of the State of Missouri a Senator
fioni that State to till the vacancy occasioned by j
the expulsion ofTrustcn Polk. j
The credentials were read, the oath prescribed
by law was administered to Mr. Henderson, and
he took his seat in tho Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILMOT presented a petition of citizen^
of Pennsylvania, praying for tl*c establish mem
a mail route from New Germantown to Concord
in that State; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. WILMOT presented a memorial of manu-
facturers of snuff of the city of Philadelphia, pray-
ing for a reduction of the tax on snuff; which wa&
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented a' memorial of in-
spectors in the Boston custom-house, praying for
an increase of their compensation; which wag
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented the memorial of
Frederic P. Stanton, praying for the correction of
a mistake in the settlement of his account as con-
testantforaseatjn the Senate from Kansas; which
was referred to the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of tho Senate.
Mr. MORRILL presented a petition of citizens
of Connecticut, praying for the establishment of
a camp-hospital and ambulancc corps for the
proper care of sick and wounded soldiers; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and tho Militia.
Mr. WILKINSON presented a petition of sick
and wounded soldiers, praying for the establish-
ment of a camp-hosjljial and ambulancc'corps for
the proper care of sick and wounded soldiers;
which was referred to the Committee on Miiitary
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of volun-
teers, discharged from the Army of the United
States on account of disability, praying for a
bounty of $100; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Rhode Island, remonstrating against tho
passage of a general bankrupt law; which was
ordered to lie oti the table.
Mr. HARRIS presented two petitions of cit-
izens of New York, praying for an increase of the
tax upon the manufacture and sale of liquors;
which were referied to the Committee on Financo.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented a
letter of the Secretary of War to tho chairman of
the Committee on Military A (Fairs and the Militia,
transmitting a communication from Charles H.
Uaswell, lelative to vessels chartered for the
Banks expedition; which was ordered to lie 00
the table, and be printed.
COURTS IN INDIANA.
Tho bill (II. R. No. 7G2) to change the times
of holding the circuit and district courts of the
United States for the district of Indiana, was read
twice by its title.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. That bill will, I hope,
be put on its passage now. There is no opposi-
tion to it. 1 have conferred with the chairman of
the Judiciary Commit tee, and there is no objection
to it.
By unanimous consent thu bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides that,
instead of the times now fixed by law, the circuit
and disuict courts of the United States for tho
district of Indiana shall be held on the first Tues-
days of May and November; and all recogni-
zances, indictments, or other proceedings,civil and
criminal, now pendm<r in either of those courts.
shall be entered, and have day in court, and bo
heard and tried, according to the times of holding
the courts as piovided in the act.
heard and tried, accord
Tiie bill wo* reported to tho Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REPOHTH KUOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred ihe bill (8. No.
512) to disapprove of the twenty-sixth section of
the act of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of Nevada, and for other purposes, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
66
