1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
bill (S. No, 530) to increase the efficiency of the
liospital department of the Army, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 444) to amend
nn act entitled "An act for the collection of direct
taxes in insurrectionary districts, and for other
purposes," asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and theMiiitia, to whom the sub-
ject was referred, reported a bill (S. No. 540) to
authorize the brevettingof voluntecrand other offi-
cers in the United States service; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Henry P. Blanchard, praying for com-
pensation for services rendered as United States
marshal of the consularcourt of the United States
at Canton, reported a bill (S. No. 542) for the
relief of Henry P. Blanchard; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a petition of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying for the sale of the
Fort Howard military reserve, reported a bill (S.
No. 543) to provide for the disposal of certain
lands therein named; which was read,and passed
to a second reading.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, it was
Ordered, That Hie bill (S. No. 538) to punranty In certain
States a republican form of government be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. KENNEDY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
539) concerning the rank of medical officers in the
Navy of the United States; which was read twice
by its title and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. ARNOLD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 541)
to amend an act entitled u An act to establish and
equalize the grades of line officers of the United
Slates Navy,"approved July 16,1862; which was
read twiceby its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intio-
drtce a joint resolution (S. No. 131) to facilitate
the discharge of sick and wounded soldiers in the
hospitals and convalescent camps; which was rend
twice by its title, and referiod to the Commitee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
CREW OF THE MONITOR.
Mr. GRIMES, fiom the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported aj<>int resolution (S. No. 130) to
compensate the crew ofthe United States steamer
Monitor for clothing and other property Inst in
the public service ; which was read twice by its
-title.
■ Mr. GRIMES. This is a resolution to provide,
in a small degree, for the families of the gallant
men who went down on the Monitor, and only
allows to them the usual allotment in such cases,
sixty dollars each. Many of them 1 understand
to be in a state of distress. I therefore move that
the Senate now proceed to act on the joint resolu-
tion.
There being no objection, th*  joint resolution
was considered as in Committee ofthe Whole,
it proposes to authorize the proper accounting:
officers of the Treasury in settling the accounts of
the petty officers, seamen, and others of the crew
of the United States steamer Monitor, which was
wrecked near Cape Hatterason or about the 30th
of D-comber, 1862, to credit each of them with
.the amount of sixty dollais to cover their losses
of clothing and other property occasioned by the
sinking of the steamer.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES F. ANDERSON.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to take up the bill
for the relief of Charles P. Anderson. It will cause
no debate, and will render justice.
The motion was agreed to; ami the bill (S. No.
518) for the relief of Charles F. Anderson was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize the
proper accounting officers to adjust and settle,
upon fair and equitable terms, subject to the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Interior, the claims
of Charles F. Anderson, architect, for time, labor,
and expense in preparing plans and drawings for
the Capitol extension.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Cletk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills and joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (No. 440) concerning pardons and the re-
mission of penalties and forfeitures in criminal :
cases;
A bill (No. 4G8) to supply vacancies in the Ex-
ecutive Departments in certain cases; and
A joint resolution (No. 127) to amend the joint
resolution for the paymentof the expenses ofthe
joint committee of Congress appointed to inquire
into the conduct of the war, approved the 27th
January, 1862.
RILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message also announced that the President
of the United States had approved and signed, on
the 13th instant, a bill ([I. R. No. 617) to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1863;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 144) tocompen-
sate the sailors of the gunboat Cairo for the loss
of clothing.
A message from the President, by Mr. Nico-
lay, his Secretary, announced that the President
had this day approved and signed the following
bills:
A bill (S. No. 338) for the relief of Joseph \V.
Dyer, Ansel L. Dyer, and William W. Dy*r;
A bill (S. No. 477) for the relief of Cyrus Clapp
and his guarantors or sureties; and
A bill (S. No. 313) for the relief of John Cra-
dlebaugh.
- RAILROADS FROM WASHINGTON.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that all prior orders
be suspended, and that the Senate proceed to the
consideration ofthe bill (S. No. 493) to facilitate
the transportation of troops, stores, and mails of
the United Slates, between the city of Washing-
ton and the Point of Rocks and the city of Pitts-
burg, and between Washington and the waters of
the Chesapeake Ray.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 26; as follows :
Vr.AS—i\lec«rs. Arnold, Chandler. Cownn, Hani*. IIow-
ar.', Lane of Kansas, Latham, I'omeroy, Rice, Wade,ami
W.miot—li.
NAYS—Meesr*. Anthony, Bayard, Clark, Oollrunei,
D,i\i>, Di\ou, l'e^senden. Foot, Foster, Gume*, Maulmsr,
Harlan, llonder.^on, Kennedy, Lime of Indiana, Morrill,
Ne-nuih, Powell, KauMmiy, Sherman, Sum tier, Ten E\ etc,
Turpie, Wilkinson, WiUon of Maht>achu*eit^, and Wilson
of Missouri— 20.
So the Senate refused to take up the bill.
APPOINTMENTS TO TIIK NAVAL ACADEMY.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to take up the unfinished
business of the morning hour. It is a* little bill left
hanging by only one claw the other morning. I
move to take up the bill (S. No. 452) to legniate
the appointment of midshipmen to the Naval
Academy.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
question is on an amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from New York.
Mr, HARRIS. I withdraw that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
The bill was ordered to engrossed for a third
rcndins*. It was read the third time.
Mr/COLLAMER. Before the bill is put on ita
passage I desue to hear it read as it now stands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows ;
lie it cnadedy <$*£., That there shall be appointed two mid-
shipmen, between tli<i age« of foutteea and eighteen y«arst
for each Senator, and two for each Representative and Del-
egate in Congre??jto be nominated by the several Senators,
Representatives', and Delegates to the Secictary of the
Navv, as there imiow or may heieafter he, vacancies in
the Naval Academy for each State or Termor}, according
to the number of the Senators and Representatives of <>ach
State and the Delegate of each Territory; and the States,
except those in a state of in-uneetton. which have a less
numbei of muMnpmcn at the Naval School than they would
lie entitled to under tin* act, e-hail he entitled to the tir?t
nominations until they have then propei number, or until
they are made equal m that respect with the other States.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Davis, Dix-
on. Foot, roster, Ilarlan, Ilarri?, Henderson, Howard, Ken-
nedv, Lane of Karwas, Latham, Morrill, No«mith, Pomeroy,
Powell, Rice, ttichardson, SauMmry, Wilkinson, Wthnot,
Wilson of MassaehUMJtts, and Wilson of Missomi—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Collamor, Cowan, Fe«senden,
Km^, Lane of Indiana, Sheiman, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Tiuinbull, and Wade—11.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THIS HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed Uie following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 746) supplementary to an act ap-
proved July 14, 1862, entitled "An net to estab-
lish certain post roads," and for other purposes,
and a bill (No. 731) making appropriations for
the currentand contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1864.
The message also announced that the House had
asrieed to some and disagreed to other amend-
ments ofthe Senate to the bill (Ii. R. No. 659) to
provide ways and means for the support of the
Government,and had agreed to otheramendments
of the Senate to the said bill, with amendments,
in which it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representativeshad signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills; which thereupon received the
signature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (II. R. No. 478) for the relief of certain
of the crew of the ship Nightingale; and
A bill (H. R. No. 749) for the relief of Ignatius
C. Mattingly, postmaster at Bardstown, Ken-
tucky.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 746) supplementary to an act ap-
proved July 14, 1862. entitled "An act to estab-
lish certain post roads,"aid forothcr purposes—
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 731) making appropriations for the
currentand contingentoxpenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the yearendmg June 30,
18G4—to the Committee on Finance.
CLAIMS FOR VP A It DAMAGES.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate now pro-
i! ceed to the consideration of the bill S. No. 162,
j being a bill relating to claims for the loss and de-
struction of property belonging to loyal citizens,
and damages thereto, by the troops of the United
States during the present rebellion, reported by
the select committee appointed on that matter. I
think it will not give occasion to much debate.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to retard the
progress of that bill; but I wish to take up the
House bill (No. 267) that was under discussion
yesterday m the morning hour.^ It will take but
little time to dispose of it.
,j Mr. CLARK. The bill which I have called
• | up was pending some time before the Senate, and
.j was finally reterred to a select committee; and,
!j on consultation with a committee of the House, a
bill has been matured which 1 think will not take
much time. 1 think we can soon finish it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from New Hampshire is fust in
order.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
162) to authorize payment of compensation for
occupation of property by troops of the United
