1862.
THE • CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The third section provides that any stamp ap-
propriated to denote the duty charged on any par-
ticular instrument, and bearing the name of such
instrument on its face, which may have been used,
or shall hereafter bo used, for denoting any other
duty of the same amount, shall be deemed and
taken to be good and valid, any existing law to
the contrary notwithstanding.
The fourth section proposes to exempt from
duty all instruments,documents,and pnpersused
by the officers of the United States Government,
where the United States would be chargeable with
the duty or stamp thereon, and all instruments,
documents, and papcis of the executive depart-
ments of the several States, where any State would
be chargeable with the duty or stamp thereon, and
also all instruments, documents, and papers relat-
ing to the procurement of bounty land and other
bounties, pensions, and arrears of pay by or for
officers, soldiers, and seamen, or their legal repre-
sentatives, who may have been or may be in the
service of the United States.
The fifth section proposes so to amend the
ninety-lifth section of the internal revenue act that
no instrument, document,or paper made,signed,
or issued prior to the 1st of March, 18G3. without
being duly stamped, or having thereon an adhe-
sive stamp to denote the duty imposed thereon,
shall, for that cause, be deemed invalid and of 110
effect.
By the sixth section all goods, wares, and mer-
chandise, or articles produced or made and fin-
ished ready for sale and removal forconsumption
prior to the 1st day of September, 18G2, whether
actually removed or not from the place of manu-
fcictuie, are to be exempt from duty, upon proof
being made to the satisfaction of the assessor of
the district that they were so made and finished
ready for sale and lemoval for consumption; and
where any duties shall have been assessed, or as-
sessed and collected, upon such goods, wares,and
merchandise or articles so made and finished, they
are to be remitted.
The seventh section provides that hotels, inns,
or taverns, and eating-houses, having taken out
the license provided therefor, shall not be required
to pay any other license for the sale of any arti-
cles customarily furnished by hotels, inns, or tav-
erns, and eating-houses, and not prohibited by the
laws of any State or Territory where they may
be located, or in violation thereof.
The first amendment reported by the Committee
on Finance was in section two, line four, after the
word "supply"to strike out (he word "to."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section three, line one, after the word " that" to
strike out the following words:
Any stamp appiopriated to denote the duty charged on
any particular mstiument, find beaiing tho name of such
instrumenton the face thereof, which may have been used,
or which shall lieteafter he used, lor denoting atiy other duty
of the same amount, shall be deemed and taken to be good
and valid, any existing law to the conn at y notwithstanding.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
No instrument, document, writing, or paper of any de-
scription, required by law to be stamped, t>hall be deemed
or held invalid and of no effect tor the want of the particu-
lar kind 01 description of stamp designated for and denot-
ing the dutv clmijjcd on any such instiument, document,
writing, or paper, provided a legal stamp, or stamps de-
noting a duty of equal amount shall have been duly afhxcd
and used thereon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section four, line one, after the word "all" to in-
sert the word "official," and in line two to strike
outthe words "subject to duty," and to insert the
words "issued or."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section four, line four, after the wotd "Govern-
ment." to strike out the following words:
Where the United States would be chargeable with tho
duty orstamp thereon, and all instrument1-, documents, and
papers oftiic executive dep.utments of the several States,
Hibjcet to duty, wheioany State would be chargeable with
the duty or stamp thereon, and aKo «.dl monument*, docu-
ments^ and papei? relating to the procurement of bounty
land and othei bounties,. pensions, and ai rears ot pay by or
for oiTicer>, toldieis, and seamen, tu tueir legal representa-
tives, who have been or may bo in the service of the Umt'-d
States.
So that the section will read:
Sec. 4. Jhul he it Jurther enacted, That ah official Instru-
ments, documents, and papers, issued or used by the offi-
cers of the United States Government shall be, and hereby
are, exempt liom duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section five, line ten, after the word "effect" to
insert the following:
Provided, That no instrument, document, writing, orpa-
per requited by law to bo stamped, signed, or issued, with-
out being duly stamped prioi to the day aforesaid, or any
copy thexeof, shall be admitted 01 used as evidence in any
court until a legal stamp or stamps, denoting the amount of
duty charged thereon, shall have been affixed thereto or
used thereon, and the initials of the person using or affixing
the same, together with the date when the s-amo is so used or
affixed, shall have been placed thereon by such person. And
the person desiring to u*e any such nisttumcnt, document,
writing, or papei as evidence, or hi* agent or attorney, i«
authorized, in the pie^enee of the court, to stamp the same
as hereinbefore piovided. And
Mr. FESSENDEN. The printer has under-
taken to change the amendment as I wrote it, and
improve upon it; and in doing so ho has rendered
another amendment necessary—a mere verbal al-
teration, however. There should be a period after
the words " hereinbefore provided," and the word
" and" should begin another sentence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) That modification will be made if not
objected to, being a mere clerical error.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section five, lines twenty-five and twenty-six, to
strike out the words " be, and the same hereby
is," and to insert "is hereby," so that the clause
will read:
And section twenty-four of an act entitled " An act in-
creasing, temporarily, the duties on imports, and for other
purposes," approved July 14. A. D. lc5G2, is hereby icpe<iled.
The amendment was agreed lo.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strikeout the sixth section in the following words:
Sec. 6. Jind he it further enacted, That ail goods, wares,
and mcichandise, or artu les ptoducd or made and finished
ready for sale and removal lor consumption prior to the 1st
day of September, A. D. l£(V->, whetheractualiyrcmovcdor
not from the place of manufactuie, shall be, and hereby arc,
exempt troin duty, upon pi oof being made to tho satisfac-
tion of the assessor of the district, who shall hear and de-
teimine the r ame that they wete so made and finished ready
foi sale and removal forconsumption ; and « here any duties
shall have been assessed, or assev^ed and collected, upon
such goods,wares, and merchandise, or articles so made and
finished as afot^vaid, the same shall b'\ and hereby are, ie-
nutted, and if actually collected, letunded by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, under such regulations as he
may prescribe.
The amendment was agreed to. '
The next amendment of the committee was to 1
strike out section seven, in the following words: i
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enacted, That hotels, inns, or ;
taverns, and eating-houses, having'taken out the license \
provided therefoi, s?hali not be required tn pay any other :
license for the sale of any article customarily furnished by !
hotels, inns, or taverns, and eating-houses, and not prolub- \
ited by the laws of any ^tate or Territoty when- the same j
may be located, oi in violation thereof. j
The amendment was agreed to. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That com- j
pletes the amendments proposed by the Commit- !
tee on Finance. The bill is still before tho Sen- •
ate as in Committee of the Whole, and open to :
amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 desire to inquire of the chair- :
man of the Committee on Finance what is the pro-
vision which is to be repealed by the last clause !
of the fifth section of this bill. I observe that :
some section of the former bill is repealed, and I !
have not had access to that bill to ascertain what !
it is. i
Mr. FESSENDEN". It relates to a provision j
inserted in the tariff bill amendatory of the tax !
law. We found that the stamps probably could •
not be furnished, or at least that it would be ad- j
visable to extend the time to the 1st of Januar)*, 1
for it was supposed the oeople would not get fa- '
miliar with the stamp law. The committee con- j
sidcred that, as the want of a stamu would render '
an instrument nwahd, it would produce harm to .
put at once in force so stimgent a provision: and '
we therefore extended the time to Januaiy, and ■
allowed instruments executed in the mean ume to
be stamped on payment to the collector of five
dollars. Now, we ha*'e extended the time; that
is to say, we have provided by this bill that no
instrument signed prior to the 1st of March—ex-
tending the time that far—shall be invalid, and
have repealed the section fixing the 1st of January
as the day.
Mr. HARRIS. Remitted the~peit&hv-?
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have remitted the-'-
penalty entirely. It was supposed, at the ttra6-W0~
put on the penalty, that it was necessary to put it;
on to prevent intentional evasi n, as people would:
run the risk. As there are many places where
they have not been put in possession of stamps,
it \vould be very unjust to retain that sections
Mr. HARRIS. It is all right now.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HARDING. In the second section ofthe-
bill, it is provided that the collector at Portland,
Oregon, shall be supplied with stamps. The pop-
ulation of Oregon is so widely scattered over so
great a surface of country, that if the stamps are
only placed in the hands of the collector at Port-
land, it will be extremely inconvenient for the peo-
ple of the southern and the eastern part of the State
to procure them. I move therefore to amend the
bill by inserting after the word "Oregon," in the-
sixth line of the second section, the words "and
the receivers of the land offices in the State of Ore-
gon," so that the receiver of the land office at
Rosehurg, two hundred miles south of Portland,
and the receiver of the land office at Oregon City,
may be supplied with these stamps for the con-
venience of the people of that country. We are
very differentlysituatedinOregonfrom the States
on this side of the mountains. The mining lo-
calities south, and the mining localities east, take
our population very far apart.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will explain to the hon-
orable Senator the exact condition of this matter,
from which he will see that it would be improper
at the present time to make the amendment which
he proposes. As the law originally stood, the
Secretary of the Treasury is only authorized to
issue stamps to such persons as shall send for
them in advance; but owing to the distance of Cali-
fornia and Oregon, we propose now to varythe
law so far as relates to those States for the pres-
ent, by providing that the Secretary may send out,
without prepayment, to certain persons a quan-
tity of stamps. The difficulty in the way of the
Senator's amendment is that it would be improper
to place a large quantity of stamps in the hands
of anybody who has given no security whatever
to account for them, and therefore the law was
that payment should be made in advance in all
cases. The land officers of Oregon and the land
officers of California, or any other officers or any
private individuals, as the law stands, can now
send for the stamps if they want them and purchase
them at the Treasury Department. Anybodycan
do that; but we conferred no authority whatever
on the Secretary of the Treasury to issue any
stamps to any person, unless on being paid for
them at the Treasury Department. This is an
exemption in favor of California and Oregon, that
to particular persons, owing to the particular po-
sition of affairs there, they may be sent. It will
not do to send them to everybody, land officers
and everybody else, without security. We are
already by this bill, as I have stated, extending
a privilege to California and Oregon that has not
been extended to any other part of the country.
I will state, moreover, for the satisfaction of the
Senator, that this is a bill which is merely gotten
up in a hurry to answer a special purpose, and
this provision is put into the bill m order that it
may go out by the next steamer. It is designed,
however, to introduce a bill making many amend-
ments which are necessary in the internal revenue
law, and in that bill it is in contemplation to pro-
vide that certain officers, takingall the collectors,
if you please", in the different States—I merely
mention those, as possibly those who may be se-
lected—may be furnished with stamps by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury without prepayment, be-
cause it is found utterly impracticable'to carry it
out as it stands, and to give the Secretary of the
Tieasurv power to take security to account for
them. That will be done probably in the course
of a few days, and all the difficulties which now
seem to trouble the honorable Senator will be met.
Mr. HARDING. Under that explanation, I
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. KING. I ask the attention of the Senate
to an amendment proposed by the Committee on
Finance to section four of the House bill, which
so operates as to leave the law requiring stamps
to be placed upon instruments, checks, or papers
which' are to be paid by the United States or by
