1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
between here and Baltimore and here and Phila-
delphia and here and Harrisburg, and used for
oilier purposes. The moment we allow this gauge
to be fixed atfive feet we deprive ourselves of all
opportunity to furnish furniture to that road to
transport an army whenever any exigency of that
kind shall arise. That is to me a mostconclusive
argument.
It is noargumentat all against this proposition
to say that as a general thing railroad companies
do not find it expedient to run a car more than a
thousand miles, or for any less distance. The
reason they do not run passenger cars a longer
distance is because it heats their axles; but there
is not the slightest reason why they cannot run a
freight car at the rate of speed that would be ne-
cessary to carry munitions of war and troops
across the continent without any change whatever.
Jt was said here the other day that the best
gauge was that which had been fixed; or lather,
that a wider gauge would be better than even a
five feet gauge. That I understand to be a ques-
tion upon which gentlemen differ. I am informed
—-and there are gentlemen who can tell me whether
it is so or not—that the most eminent railroad mun
in the Noithwest—I allude to Mr. Ogden, of Chi-
cago, who had charge of and built the Chicagoand
Northwestern railroad—built it originally with
a wide gauge for some sixty or eighty miles, but
he found it so exceedingly inconvenient and ex-
pensive that they finally took up the track and re-
duced it to the uniform gauge in the whole north-
western country, four feet eight and a half inches.
I apprehend such will be the case if we allow this
railroad to go on and commence building on the
five feet gauge.
It is said that we ought to allow it to be estab-
lished atfive feet because some railroads are being
constructed in California wij.h that gauge. I do
not think a great national question of this kind
should be affected by such $ consideration as that.
I do not know what distance has been laid in Cal-
ifornia, but I have heard that the distance is very
shoit. The Senators from California can inform
the Senate as to the amount of road that has been
completed in that Stale, and whether that part that
has been completed can ever be used as a part of
the gieat Pacific railroad.
Mi*. LATHAM. IftheSenatorwillexcu so me,
what I said in illation to that was, that one of the
Pacific Railroad Companies provided for in the bill
itself had its representatives here, and, after the
gauge was fixed by the President, made contracts
for their roiling stock. That is part of this same
railroad. It is true that there is another Pacific
Railroad Company in California, but it was not in
relation to that that I spoke.
Mr, GRIMES. If that be so, I understand this
gauge was established but a very short time ago,
and the parties who have contracted for the furni-
ture for their rolling stock for the California com-
pany will not be greatly inconvenienced, I pre-
sume, if we change it. I did not understand the
Senator from California to say that any portion
of that rolling stock has been completed.
Mr. LATHAM. Not that I know of.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senatot says, on the con-
trary, that he is notaware thatany of it has been
completed.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am informed that quite
an amount of it has been shipped already.
Mr. GRIMES. Even if it were true that every
particle of it had been built and was now in Cali-
fornia, I believe it would be the interest 'of the
country and of the citizens of California them-
selves that the gauge should be changed, and that
it should be a uniform gauge from the Atlantic to
the Pacific. If those parties have been injured
or would be injured by our action, if they would
sustain loss in consequence of the contracts that
have already been made, it would be infinitely
better for us to appropriate money out,of the
Treasury to indemnify them for any loss they may
have sustained, rather than to have a break in the
gauge.
Now, Mr. President, so far as I am personally
concerned, or so for as the State I have the honor
in part to represent is concerned, if I was con-
trolled by any local interests I should be in favor
of the break of the gauge, because wherever there
is a break m the gauge there is always a large
amount of business to be done, and a town im-
mediately springs up around that place; but! trust
that I look at this question in a national point of
view; and looking at it in that view, it seems to
me we ought to make the gauge uniform.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, it is true
that we in California have a local interest in this
matter. We have a law of the State on the sub-
ject, and all railroads constructed under our gen-
eral railroad law must have a five feet gauge.
But the fact that our law is such, and that our
roads have been constructed on that gauge as far
as constructed, would not govern me in my action
here if I thought it sound public policy to fix this
gauge at the minimum narrow gauge of four feet
eight and a half inches. I do not understand the
arguments and considerations that apply to short
roads oftwenty, thirty, forty, or one hundred miles
to apply to a line of road of two thousand miles.
That the comparatively small roads throughout the
country should correspond in gauge with the con-
necting roads is unquestionably true. But we now
propose to build a road from the Mtssouii river to
California; and, as I had occasion to rcmaik on a
previous day, the President, to whom this matter
was lefcrred, took this position: that if he could de-
termine what was the best general gauge, irrespect-
ive of local interests, he would fix that gauge.
A road of two thousand miles should have furni-
tuie enough to transact its entire business. Its
rolling; stock should be independent of the rolling
sto'.k of any other road. A road of two thousand
miles under one management and with common
interests ought to have within itself all the means
necessary for transacting its business either in
peace or war. Indeed, I take it, that under the
Pacific railroad bill the companies cannot be con-
sidcied a« having complied with the contract un-
less they put all the furniture on the road that
propeily belongs to its working.
Now, with regard to the question as to what is
the best gauge. After the very exciting discussion
in England some twenty years sincc, the question
arose as to what gauge should be established in
Ireland before they had faiily commenced rail-
roading in that country. The subject was referred
to a commission—and, Ify the way, the English
Parliament does its business a little better than the
Federal Congress, and with somewhat more  \m.
They reteried the subject to a commission, before
whom it was thoroughly discussed by men of the
first tahnt in the country; and that commission
fixed the gauge of railroads in Ireland at five, feet
three inches, not adopting either of the extremes.
I beiteve BiuncI constructed one road m England
at seven feet, and Stephenson opposed him on the
opposite extreme. The gauge of five feet three
inches is probably the best result of English ex-
po ience and calculations. They say also that for
along road, where much merchandise is trans-
ported, the gauge may well be extended. When
they came to construct the Canada Grand Trunk
road, a long line of road, which, by virtue of its
length, would be an independent road and should
have rolling stock and should control its own con-
nections so far as it was nccessary to its business,
they fixed the gauge at five fijut six inches. That
is a long line of road, doing a large amount of
transportation of merchandise. In the judgment
of engineers, the narrow gauge, taking it outside,
of the interests that surround it, for a long line of
road, is not the proper gang'1. No one says it.
There cannot be found "in the United States an
engineer who will give his opinion that it is. In-
deed, the only reason why this bill is urgt d is be-
cause other roads, the New Yoik Central, the line
of road to Chicago, the lines through Iowa, and
other lines, have the four feet eight and a half
inch jjauge, and they expect to run their cars over
this road.
Now, sir, as o matter of business that will not
be done. The Union Pacific Railroad Company
cannot afford to let its cars run this side of the
Missouri. Where will they radiate out? From
Baltimore to Portland or Boston, not only upon
the great lines, but upon the lateral lines. It is
perfectly impracticable for any one company to
allow its rolling stock to be distributed in that
way. They must, as a matter of economy, keep
it on their own line; and particularly a large road
like this must keep the rolling stock on its own
line, within its own control. As I have had occa-
sion to remark before, in England they have by
law there, to overcome this difficulty,established
a regular set of clearing houses for the purpose
of Saving stray cars returned. But the loss of
cars alone by undertaking to run the cars of roads
on this side upon the central road would be sucH
that those roads could not afford it. The logs 0fr
cars on the part of the main line of road, if they!
undertake to run on this side, would be such that
the Union Pacific Railroad Company could not
afford it, as a matter of business.
Then, as to the policy of breaking the gauge,
f believe it is the opinion of the best engineers*"-
that the gauge should be broken at the Missouri
river. We understand that the limit to which
they can afford to run an engine is one hundred
miles. It is just so with the running of cars;
that also lias a limit. You cannot run a car two
thousand miles; and supposing it be coming frora
the Pacific coast, it is nearly two thousand miles
to the Missouri river. The car has not the proper
business capacity. It is not safe to run it tnat
far. Probably they will have to change cars
somewhere about Salt Lake City, or at Denver
City in the Rocky mountains as a matter of busi-
ness. If you run cars from the city of New York
to the Missouri river, as a matter of business,
they will want to handle the merchandise and
change the cars.
In a five feet gauge there is this, of fairness,
independent of its merits: it does not give any
particular advantage to any particular interest.
It is thought by those interested in certain lines
of road that by having the same gauge, four feet-*
eight and a half inches, they can have the advant-
age over Missouri roads which have a gauge of
five feet, six inches, and other lines of communi-
cation where they have a departure from the
gauge of four feet eight and a half inches.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator will allow me
to ask him how that accords with his own logic.
If the five feet gauge is the best, what advantage
could accrue to any other road by changing it to
a worse gauge?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not understand the
Senator. What i suggest is that it is fairer to
all the interests to break the gauge.
Mr. HARLAN. It is said that it would be a
disadvantage to break the gauge; and because it
would be a disadvantage, the Senator wants to
make that disadvantage apply equally to all the
roads.
j Mr. McDOUGALL. I say, in fairness it does
I no injustice to any party, but gives them all equal
' chances, if the gauge is broken.
Mr. HARLAN. Do 1 understand the logic is
that the gauge is broken and that is a disadvant-
age; and theSenator desires that that disadvantage
shall apply equally to ail?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I said the gauge may be properly and easily
broken; that as an independent position the five
feet gauge is better than the four feet eight and a
half inch; that the length of the hne of the road
is sufficient to command its own gauge; that is,
the best gauge. Five feet is a better gauge than
four feet eight and a half inches. The three and
a half inches are an advantage. I think it would
be a greater advantage if the gauge was five feet
three inches, or five feet six inches. That is now
received as the best gauge for a long line of road;
but a gauge of five feet is better than four feet
eighr and a half inches. The length of the road
should control the gauge; that is, control an inde-
pendent gauge. I say it would be fairer in build-
ing this line of road to break the gauge. If we
change it now to the narrow gauge it will not be
an advantage to the Government or to the people.
All the advantage that can be had by changing
the gauge to four fceteightand a half inches is the
advantage on the part of adjacent or connecting
roads of the gauge of four feet eight and a halt
mchee.
This matter, I think, was wisely referred not
to discussion m Congress but to the Executive.
He took pains to advise himself by correspond-
ence with milroad men, and it was determined
npoti consultation in Cabinet meettng. I think it
has been well settled, and I doubt the policy of
changing it.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not desire to occupy
any time of the Senate in the discussion of this
question of the gauge of the Pacific railroad, be-
cause I do not suppose thatany remarks that can
be made will change any votes, i consider that
the five feet gauge is a good gauge for this road;
but the fact is that almost all our roads are con-
structed on a gauge of four feet eight and a half
inches. I do not know of any that are five feet.
