110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not so generally.
Mr. ANTHONY. And the stamp tax is not
twenty-five cents, but it is u dollar for a power of
attorney.
Mr: FESSENDEN. Ten cents, I believe.
Mr. ANTHONY. One dollar is charged.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not know what is
charged;--but I understand that ten cents is the
■ stamp duty..
Mr. ANTHONY. Is the tax on a power of
attorney only ten cents?
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ I think that is it. The
Senator can see by looking at the law.
Mr. ANTHONY, it is represented to me that
"it is a dollar, and that there are other taxes which
amount to much more.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is, 1 am inclined
to think, no tax on a power of attorney. We
looked that up, and found that there is no tax
upon it.
Mr. KING. The Senator from Maine speaks
of breaking in upon the law. This is not a break-
ing in on the law by the whim of an individual
Senator or member. This provision comes to us
adopted by the House of Representatives, and the
breaking in upon it is by the Senate committee.
The committee disagree to the House provision,
which, in my judgment, being proper, I am dis-
posed to adhere to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One word in reply. I do
not want to lengthen the discussion. The Sen-
ator is very ingenious. According to his doctrine,
wc cannot disagree to thatwhich comes tousfrom
the other House, If anything comes from them,
we shall be breaking in on the law if we do not
agree to it. We all know how bills pass that
House, owing to the peculiar constitution of the
body. This question was discussed at length,
and maturely and thoroughly considered, in our
committee, and a majority of the committee came
to the conclusion that it was not advisable to in-
terfere with the law in this respect. ] hope the
Senate will sustain the committee in this conclu-
sion.
Mr. KING. If the Senator had presented his
objections to this bill, relying upon the merits of
the question, I should not have made the remark
I did; but the objection lie makes to it is that it is
breaking in upon the bill. That was an outside
remark of his; and I thought it very fair to say
that this was a proposition from the House of Rep-
resentatives instead of a disposition here to break
in upon it, so that even that outside remark was
not entirely applicable.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what the
Senator's ears are made of; but I stated at length,
though at not very great length, my own views
and the grounds which were assumed as the reason
why we should not exempt this class of men, on
the merits ofthe question useif. The Senaforsays
I said nothing about the merits. If lie did not
hear or did not comprehend what I said, it is not
my fault.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from New Yoik.
The amendment was rejected—ayes ten, noes
not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on concumng m the amendment adopted
by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole to
the fourth section of the bill.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. WILMOT. As I understand, the com-
mittee ofthe Senate have reported in favor of strik-
ing out the seventh section of the bill. Now, sir,
1 supposed that the construction designed to be
set aside by that section was a plain case of mis-
apprehension on the part ofthe Revenue Commis-
sioner as to the intention of the original luv.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The quotum lms
been put and the amendment has been agreed to,
striking our tin: section.
Mr. VVILMOT. I desire the section to stand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
reported to strike the section out. That question
has been put to the Senate, and the Senate have
concurred in th«*t report. It is therefore no part
of the biil now.
Mr. WILMOT. Very well, sir; I can move
to reconsider.
Mi. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will be
kind enough to excuse me one moment, 1 wish to
6!iv that 1 do not want the Senate to be misled bv
- I
the remark I just now made. The tax on powers'
of attorney escaped my attention; we overlooked
it in committee. I said there was no tax on a power
of attorney. There is a tax on a power of attor-
ney of one dollar.
Mr. ANTHONY. So I thought.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am perfectly willing
that the Senate should act upon that knowledge,
and not be misled by the statement which I made.
Here is the provision on that point:
'•Power of attorney to receive or collect rent, twenty-five
cente.
"Power of attorney to sell and convey real estate, or to
lent or lease the same, or to perform any and all other acts
not hereinbefore speciiied, one dollar.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the Senator himself
will agree that that is too large a tax in these
cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the best way to meet
that, question will be to wait for the other bill to
which I have ailuded, making amendments to the
tax bill. Then we can fix the tax on powers of
attorney, and I will have it attended to when that
bill comes up. I think one dollar is too much.
It should not be applied to such papers as these.
I agree with the Senator from Rhode Island, and
we shall have it attended to in the general amend-
ments.
Mr. WILMOT. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the seventh section of the bill was struck
out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate agreed to the report of the com-
mittee striking out the seventh section.
Mr. WILMOT. It may be, sir, that I misap-
prehend the moaning ofthe law; I suppose 1 must,
from the fact that the chairman of the Committee
on Finance and the committee themselves have
icported that this section should be struck out;
and yet upon the reading of the law I supposed
that the Commissioner had made a mistake, a pal-
pable one, in the construction hega\e. Taverns
are classified. Those rcnLng for $10,000 pay a
license tax of $200; those renting for $5,000, §100;
and so they are divided into eight separate classes.
Those paying a lental of less than $>100, pay a tax
of £5. There is reason in this; there is propriety
and understanding in it. A tavein doing an im-
mense business is taxed in proportion to its busi-
ness and its capacity to carry on business. In
addition to this tax placed upon taverns, there is
a tax put upon retail dealers of liquors, and the
construction of the Revenue Commissioner is that
tavern-keepers are retail dealeis within the mean-
ing of the law. I supposed- they were not; for
there is thisin the first place, that the license upon
retail dealers is uniform—twenty dollars for each
man; the same license is imposed upon the hotel
doing a business to the amount of one or two hun-
dred thousand dollars a year that is imposed on
the tavern doing a business of £200 a year; and
there are many such in the country. In the part
of the country where 1 live, there are very many
such.
Again, it will be seen by reference to the section
of the law imposing a tax upon retail dealeis, that
there is a pro vision which I suppose made it clear
that it did not apply to tavern-kccpeis, This is
the clause:
"Retail dealfrs in liquors, including di«till°d spirits, fer-
mented l.qucs, and wines ot ev«'i> description, biiall pay
§20 lor eaeli hcer.-e. Eveiy p<n-?oii who thai! sell, or otter ;
lor --ah', biieli liquor- in Jo,-*? quantities than three callous tit i
one time to the same puiehaser, shall bo resarded a<s a re- i
tail dealer m liquor undei tins act.'' I
That would seem to cover all tavern-keepers, I
I grant; but the clause goes on: I
''But tin-, shall not authorize any spirits, liquors, wines, j
or malt kquo:s to be diank on the premises.5J j
Cieaily indicating that in the section of the law !
winch imposed a license tax upon retail dealers :
of liquors, tavern-keepers were not designed to be i
included, as it seems to me. Now, what is the !
effect ot this? Thoefiectof Jtisabsolutely to close !
and shut off a large portion of the smaller iavern,s '
through the country, and no revenue is derived
; from it whatever. In my own State, the smaller :
: taverns distributed and scattered over the coun- ;
; try, doing a business which hardly enables them j
' to keep going, are called on to pay a license of ten i
; dollars; and, besides that, you impose a tax of five '
: dollars upon them under the eighth class. Then,
• in addition to that, you impose a license tax of
i twenty dollars upon them, making in all thirty-
five dollars. The effect of this, beyond contro-
versy, must be to close up a large number of tav-
erns scattered through the country. I did not
suppose such was the intention. I believe tho
revenue would derive benefit and advantage by the
passage of this seventh section of this bill, and at
the same time th'e spirit of the original enactment
would be preserved.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, several
members of the House of Representatives spoke
to me after the bill was passed there, and told me
that this section hat! escaped their notice, and that
they hoped the matter would be carefully consid-
ered in tho committee of the Senate. I received
several letters from different parts of the country
protesting against this proposed alteration, saying
that it would involve us in infinite confusion
and do a great deal of damage; and I received,
also, a letter from the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue substantially to the same effect. The
fact is, these duties have generally been paid all
through the country, and paid without any pro-
test or any trouble of consequence, and many who
have not yet paid have applied for license. That
ia the information I get from the collectors them-
selves by letters, and from those who have called
upon me personally, as a committee from the city
of New York did, in reference to this matter.
What will be the consequence of this section?
You charge a considerable sum as a license tax
for a first-class tavern. The Senator says the effect
of putting twenty dollars charge on lor letailing
liquor will be to shut up a great many taverns, i
should like to know if that is the state of tavern
keeping in Pennsylvania, that a fine or tax of
twenty dollars will siiut them up. If that is tho
class of them, the sooner they are closed the bet-
ter for the public, as anybody must sop. A tavern
is not neeessarilyadrinking shop,although liquor
is sold in many parts of the country in connec-
tion with the business of keeping a public house.
Mr. WILMOT. It is universally so with us.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose it is universally
so in Pennsylvania; if the publichouse is one that
ought to be kept cp a public house, a tax of twenty
dollars for the privilege of retailing liquor can cei-
tamly not be \ery onerous or affect the house to
any very considerable extent. I think that must
be obvious to everybody. But what will be the
consequence? The gentlemen who have spoken
to me with reference to' this matter say that if
you take off this tax of twenty dollars, the con-
sequence will be that, whiie you charge the regu-
lar retail dealer in liquors twenty dollars, a man
who wants to sell liquor will take out a license
for a little eating-shop, and then under that, as he
may by this proposed amendment, he will sell
liquor, and the taverns may then sell liquor, and
letail it to be carried away; and the result will be
exceedingly injui ious to the community. That is
precisely the e!T< ct. The object is undoubtedly
for everybody who wants to sell liquor, and does
not want to" pay the t\\ enty dollars, to take out a
license for a kttle shop called an entmg-house,
and under that, as he may by the phraseology of
this section, sell liquor ad libitum. Now, that will
not do. It is neither consistent with the morals
of the community nor with the interests of the
country in regard to revenue, and the Committee
on Finance were unanimous in their opinion that
the section ought to be struck out.
Mr. WILMOT. Mi. President, the experience
and knowledge of the gentleman difT<-i ftom my
own. I cannot understand the'pi nnm ty of im-
posing the same tax or license duty on a lmt*l
like tiie Continental at Philad< iphia.'or tho Fifth
Avenue at New York, that you would impose on
a tavern situated in the country on a cross load,
where some accommodation is absolutely neces-
sary, where really they do not do a business of
£200 a year. I know many such in my county,
where the public interest is subserved by the ex-
istence of a tavern. Persons cnll there occasion-
ally,and they are neces^mv. Now, s:r, as to the
morals of the community, I did not suppose that
the tax bill was intended to mend th^ moivls of
the community; the object was to raise icvenue
for the Government. We leave these taverns pre-
cisely where they were. Tlieie is no increase of
them because this is struck out. Thev M;ind ex-
actly wher^ they stood before, undei the Jaws of the
States. They are compelled to take out a license
from the courts in my State, and a charge is made
vatyingfrom ten to fifty doliais. The effect of
