1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this double tax on the part of the United States
will bo, beyond all question, to shut up a very
large class of taverns that are not corrupting the
public morals any more now than they have been
Heretofore. I trust that the section will be per-
mitted to stand as it passed the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The motion to reconsider was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
JUDGMENTS FOR DUTIES.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
581) concerning judgments in certain suits brought
by the United States.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon it? disagreement
to the amendment of ihe Home of llepiesentatives to the
amendment of tlie Senate to the bill (li. R. No. 581) con-
cerning judgments in certain suits brought by the United
States, and agree to the conference a«ked by the House of
Representatives on the dtsagieeing vote* of the two Houses
thereon.
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
of tho Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Fss-
senden, Mr. Collamer, and Mr. Henderson.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 611) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th of June, 1S64, was read twice by its title, j|
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
DISCHARGE 0¥ STATE PRISONERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rived for the consideration of the bill (H. II. No.
362) to provide for the discharge of State pris-
oners and others, and to authorize the judges of
the United States courts to take bail or recogni-
zances to secure the tnal of the same, which is now
before the Senate.
Mr, POWELL. I move to strike out the third
eection of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the words proposed to be stricken out, as it
now stands.
The, Secretary read, as follows:
8 cc. 3. Andhe it further enacted. That it is and shall he
lavvlui lor loo ProfKh-nt of the United crates, whenever,
Congress not beinjnu session, and, in his judgment, by rea-
son of rebellion or invasion, the public safety may lequire
it," to suspend, by piocianiatton, the piivilege of'tlic writ
of habeas corptts iriall cases of political offenses throughout
the United States, or in any part thereof, until the meeting
oi Congiess theieafier; and whenever and wherever tiie
said \vi it shall be su:-penfieu as aforesaid, it shall bo unlaw-
ful for any of the judges of the several courts oftlie United
States, or of any State, to allow said writ, a-< to such of-
fenses, anything in thw'aot or in any other act to tlie con-
trary notwithstanding.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I do* not be-
lieve that we have the right to delete to any per-
son the power to suspend tlie writ of habeas corpus.
Under the Constitution, I hold that that is a legis-
lative power, and that it cannot be delegated.
Consequently, I think this section is in violation
of the Constitution. There are other reasons why
I think this section should not become a law. I
do not think that any free people should, by a law
of this kind, authors^ any officer of the Govern-
ment to suspend the wntof habeas corpus through-
out the en lire Si-ate? of this Union. In my judgment,
when that writ is .suspendd by the legislative de-
partment, who alone, as i hold, have the right to
suspend it, they should describe the locality in
which it is to be suspended, and the limitation of
time during which it is to be suspended. That
has been the custom in tlie British Parliament
wnenever they have suspended the writ of habeas
corpus. Tins section oilows the President, when-
ever Congress is no: in session, to suspend this
•writ throughout the whole Union. I do not think
a more dangerous posv<*r could b« committed to
the hands o: an Exc^uUve. It is certainly one that
is startling to me, and 1 hooe that Congress never
wiii consent to delegate or to attempt to delegate
its power to suspend fhe writ, of habeas corpus to
p.r>y jH<wr <" n o' rth. It jg a matt'T tha' they
should keep within their own reach; and if it should
ho ne :es*a  y to Nu-jnend the writ of habeas corpus,
£ trust i Icy \;-;a fX<TC;^e the power Wifh circunv
fsneet'an, and (•< iy m->c it to be suspended in cer-
iai.  S;utvs and m wtom hxvijkies where it be-
comes necessary that it should he suspended, and
not throughout the whole country.
It was not my purpose to discuss the question;
I merely wished to state, in the briefest possible
manner, my objections to the section.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, with
the consentof the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, I move to postpone the further consid-
eration of this subject until Monday next, at one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 17, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LEGISLATIVE JOURNALS OF WASHINGTON.
The SPEAKER laid before the House copies
of the Council Journal and House Journal of the
Territory of Washington; which were referred to
the Committee on Territories.
REPORT OF NAVAL COMMISSION.
Mr. BURNHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced thefollowingresolution;which was read,
considered, and referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Revolved * That copies of tlie report of the board of
naval officer-*, appointed to examine certain proposed sites
for a navy-yard, now in possession of the Senate, be priuUd
for the ut-e of the House.
JUDGMENTS IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to have taken from
the Speaker's table House bill No. 581, concern-
ing judgments in certain suits brought by the
United States, returned from the Senate with cer-
tain amendments.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the House insist
upon its amendment to the Senate amendment,
and ask a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes.
The motion was agreed to.
CONFISCATION ACT, ETC.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide for the collection of duties on imports, and
for other purposes,** approved July 13, 1861, and
an act entitled ,£An act to confiscate property used
for insurrectionary purposes," approved August
lf>, 16G2, and all other acts on that subject.
. The bill was read, it enacts that m all cases
wherein any ship, vessel, or other property shall
be condemned by virtue ofa^y proceeding under
the acts cited, the court shall, before awarding such
property, or the proceeds thereof, to the United
States, or any informer, first provide for the pay-
ment of any bona fide claims filed by any loyal
citizen of the United States, or of any foreign
State or Power at peace and amity with the Uni-
ted States intervening in such proceeding, and
which shall have been duly established bv evi-
dences a valid claim against such prooerty under
the lows of the United Stages.
Tlie bill was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and or-
dered to be printed.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. STEVENS. Task the consent of the House
to proceed to the business on the Speaker's table,
and have it referred to the appropriate committees.
There being no objection, it wasso ordered; and
the business on the Speaker's table was taken up
and C'fjposed of, as follows:
CONDUCT OF Tin: WAR.
A message from tlie Senate of tlie United States, j
of December 10, 18G2, transmitting a resolution i
directing (the House of R?pr«*«.entatives concur- ;
rin?) the joint committee appointed at the last ses- ]
Sion of Congress to inquire into the conuuct of the '
present war, to make a rcnoit to the Senate and j
Flouse of Representatives with all convenient i
speed. i
The question was taken on concurring with the j
Senate, and the resolution was concurred in. '
RESERVATION AND SALE OF TOWN SITES.
An act (£>. No. 355) for increasing.th'e revenue
by reservation and sale* of town sites on'the^public
lands—read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands....
CERTAIN MAPS.
Joint resolution (S. No.I10)in relation to cer-
tain maps—read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
WISCONSIN CIRCUIT COURT.
An act (S.No.407) to fix the terms of th« circuit
court in the district of Wisconsin—read a-first
and second time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that this bill be put
upon its passage. I understand that its operation
is confined exclusively to the district ofWisconsin.
The bill was read. It enacts that instead of the
times heretofore fixed by law, the circuit court
of the United States for the district of Wisconsin
shall hereafter be held at Milwaukee on the first
Monday in May, and at Madison on the first
Monday in October.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
read a third time,
Mr. STEVEMS. I do not like to interfere in
this matter, but
Mr. POTTER. I desire to say that it is of the
utmost importance that this bill should pass now.
Judge Davis cannot attend at the term of the cir-
cuit court in Wisconsin, if held at the time now
specified by the law, for at that time he is obliged
to be in attendance at the session of the Supreme
Court here, and the result would be that the dis-
trict judge would hold the circuit court by himself
—a result that would be deprecated by ninety-
nine hundredths, if not all, of those who are in-
terested in the business of the court. I hope the
bill will pass at once, and our people be saved from
such a calamity.
Mr. STEVENS. I only wished to know
whether the members from Wisconsin were sat-
isfied with this bill.
Mr. POTTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I have nothing to say
against it.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
INVALID PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mrl STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported abill making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending 30th of June,
18G4; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be made
a special order for Monday next.
Mr. HOLMAN. Cannot the gentleman from
Pcnnsylvaniaproposealaterday ? Why not post-
pone it to some day in January—say the second
Monday in January ?
Mr. STEVENS. These pensions ought to be
provided for. If there be any reason for a longer
postponement, 1 will hear it.
Mr. HOLMAN. My only reason is, that I
desire an opportunity of examining the subject in
general. ThQre is no deficiency, I believe, pro-
vided for in this bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope that, unless there be
some special reason, the bill will not he postponed.
We certainly ought to be engaged in doing thn
business before us,and pot have everything post-
pom d.
Mr. STEVENS. There is some urgency for
the passage of this bill, but I think that next Mon-
day w;il be a proper tune to consider it. It is a
short bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman will at
least propose a later day. i move to amend the
motion by making it next Monday week.
Mr. STEVENS. I am afraid that we shall
want to straggle home about that time. I-think
we ivcid bettor fix it for Monday next.
The question was taken on Mr. IIolman's
amendment, and there were,on division—ayes 12,
noes 70; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. it seems to be determined
that there shall be no postponement of this appro-
priation bill. I therefoie withdiaw my amend-
ment.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone, and it was agreed to.
