1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
would be at St. Louis; but the difficulty with tlmt
row! is tliat the gauge adopted by the President,
which is,ns I undcistand, five loet, is not in con-
formity witli the gauge ot" the road. Neither of
these gauges, ihctefoie, would suit that road.
But, sir, 1 do not know that we are so compe-
tent at present to settle upon the proper gauge, or
to take into consideration ail the difficulties in the
way of a continuous Ime of railroad upon which
cms may be run fiom the eastern States to the
Pacific without going into all the evidence on the
subject, as the President ought to be in adopting a
gauge. He ought to take all the evidence that he
can possibly secure from every source; and my
understanding was, at the time of the passage of
the Pacific railroad bill at the last sessioir, that this
whole subject should be left for his examination;
and by that examination I, for one, am willing to
abide. 1 shall, thercfoie, vote against any ptop-
osition to fix the gauge by Congress.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll on the
passage of the bill.
The result was then announced—yeas 26, nays
9; as follows:
YCAS—Messis. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, Davi*, Dixon, Foot. Foster, Crimes, Harlan, Uar-
ri>, Uowatd, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Moirili, Pomeioy, /
RiehauUon, Sheiman, Sumner, Ton Eyck, Tiumbull,
Wilkinson, Wiimot, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wil- M
bon of Mis.-oui i—26. < j
NAYS—Mes^, Fessemlen, Harding, Henderson, Hicks, :,
King, Lane of Kansas, Lalliam, McDougall, and Nes- ij
mith—9.
So the bill was passed.
ROAD IN WISCONSIN AND MICHIGAN.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 208. The Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] objected on account of the absence of his
colleague the other day to taking it up. It has now
been sausfuctoi iiy auanged, and will not occupy
many moments.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 208) making: a donation of lands
to the States of Wisconsin and Michigan to aid
them in making a military road and telegraph line
in said States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tlie Chair is
informed that the Committee on Public Lands re-
port an amendment in the form of a substitute for
the original bill. The reading of the oiigmal bill
will be omitted by common consent, and the sub-
stitute repot ted as an amendment for that bill will
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That theie he, and in hereby, granted to the State of Mich-
igan, to aid in the coimiuctton of a militaiy wagon road
fiom Fou Wilkuis, Coppt i Ilaiboi, to Houghton, Portage
!:ikc\ and thence, in a soutb-°ily duectiou. to the State line
ot' Wisconsin, eveiy alternate section of land, designated
by even nunibcis, loi tlnee sections in width, ou each side
of wild road, and al-o a like quantity, to he taken and des-
ignated in same manner, to the Stale ol W iseonvni, to aid
in the eonstiuclioii of a like lo.id liom the laNt-mentiOned
place on ilic State ime ot Wi-consui to Foit ilowaid, Green
bav, in the said State of Wisconsin. But in eaue it shall
appear that the Unit< d Sr.xte* have, when the line or loutc
ot said road h definitely fixed, sold any section, oi any pait
iheieof, grant'-d as aforesaid, or that the light ot pieoinp-
tion lias attached to the same, then it shall he lawiu! for any
agent oi agent*, to be appointed by the Governors of said
Mates, to select, sut)|cct to the appioval of the Secretary
of th'- lutenoi, fiom the l.ituK of the United States «o much
land ns «lmll be equal to Mich lands as the United States
jiave fold, oi othei wise appiopriated,or to winch the ught
of preemption bu- attached; which lands, (_ihus -selected
in lici ot tiiosc sold, and to which the right ol preemption [
hay attached as aiore-niil.-* togcthei with the sections and i
parts ot sections designated by even numbejs a* aloretaid, i
nod approved a< a!oie«atd, shall be held by the States ot j
Michigan and Wi-co'isin lor the use and purposes afore- j
wild : Provided. Tn.it the lands to be selected/or and on [
account ihcieot -dial! in no c;u>e be fut tiler than III teen miles j
fiom said road : Pro tided, /itri/ier, That the lands hereby j
granted -hall be c\cl«MVely applied m the construction of ;
that toad foi and on accmmi of winch such lands nic hereby |
giant^d, and -hall b.  di-po-ed of on!} as the woik pro- [
and the same Mini I be applied to no other purposes [
whar.-vei : And provided further, That any and all lauds :
hi.icto'oie received to the United States by any act of Con- !
f*ie5^, or in anv other manner by competent authority, tor j
th" purpose of aiding m auv object of internal impiove- .
ui< nr. or lor any other puipo?es whatsoever, be, and the !
oniu'are hotehy, reserved to the United States from the j
opeiauon of this act, except so tar as it may be found ne :
ce^atv to locate the route of said road through such re- ;
&ervcd'lando ; in which ease the right of way only shall be
cranted. , ., .
Sec 2- And be it father enactcd, That the paid lands
hen:in granted to tho -aid States shall becubicet to tho dis-
po:-al of the Legislature thereof, foi the pu> poses aforesaid,
and no othei; and the said road shall be and remain public
highway for the use of the Government of the United States,
free fiom toll* or other charge upon the trans-portatioo Of
ny property, troops, <5r mails of the United States
Bec. 3. And be^it further enacted, That the lands hereby
granted to paid States shall he disposed of only in the fol- I
lowing manner, that is to say: that a quantity of land, not j
exceeding thn ty sections, (or said road, may he sold; and
when the Governors ol said Slates shall ccinfy to the See-
ivtaiy of the Interioi that any ten continuous miles of said
road arc completed, then another quantilj of land, hereby
granted, not to exceed thiity sections for said road having
ten contiuuou-s miles completed as afojesuid,, may be sold,
and so, fiom time to time, until the said load is completed;
and if «-aid load is not completed within five yeais, no fur-
ther sales shall be made, and the lands unsold shall revert
to the United States.
Skc.4. And be it further cnaeted, That said military road
shall be constructed with suthcient drains and ditches, and
not less than foity feet in width, with a grade not less than
sixteen feet wide*, with such graduation and- bridges as shall
peiuiit of its regular use as a wagon road in ull seasons of
the year, and in such other special manner as the States
of Michigan and Wisconsin may pie&cribe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The firstques-
don is on the amendment of the committee to
strike out the original bill and insert what has
been read.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment according to the memorandum which I send
to the desk, and which is agreed to by the Sen-
ators interested.
The Secretary read the amendment; in section
one, line seven, before the word " land" to insert
the word " public;" ill line sixteen, after the word
•' preemption" toinsertthe woids " or homestead
. settlement;" in line seventeen,after theword "be"
to strike out the words " lawful for any agent or
agents to be appointed by the Governors of said
States t-.i select, subject to the approval," and to
insert the words " the duly;" in line nineteen, after
the word " Interior" to insert the words " to set
apart;" in line nineteen,before the word " lands"
to insert the word " public;" in line twenty, after
the word " States" to msertflie words " as near
to said even sections as aforesaid as may be;" in
line twenty-two, after the word " preemption" to
insert the words " or homestead settlement;" in
line twenty-four, after the word " preemption" to
insert the words " or homestead settlement."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concuned in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was reed the third time, and passed. The title was
amended so as to read: A bill granting lands to
the Suites of Michigan and Wisconsin to aid in
the construction of a" military road" from Fort
i Wilknis, Copper harbor, Kewonaw county, m
! the State of Michigan, to Fort Howard, Green
bay, in the State of Wisconsin.
OUDBlt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate pro-
j ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 435.
Mr. SUMNER. What is that?
Mr. POMEROY. A bill to grant lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad ill Kansas.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 hope not. We had a bill
up yesterday ill which my State has a great deal
of interest; and I really hope the Senate will take
it up and dispose of it. It will take but a short
time.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill which I move to
take up was informally laid aside because I was
absent. If the Senate will take it up and then go
into executive session, I have no objection.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me dispose of my bill first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kansas moves to postpone all prior orders,
and that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I move that
the Senate pioceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope that motion will not
prevail. I should be glad if the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would withdraw his motion to enable
me to call up a bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Even if I
should give way, the Senator from Kansas has
already made a motion to take up some other bill.
Mr. HARRIS. I think the Senator from Kan-
sas, before 1 get through, will consent to lay aside
his bill.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill was laid aside this
morning because I was absent, and 1 do not wish
to have it last.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Clmi?
will put the question ©a the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts,
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to say a few worchr,
if it be in order, upon that motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not debatable.
Mr. HARRIS, 1 think it is. I hope that mo*
tion will not prevail'. My observation has been,
that when we go into executive session at a late
hour in the afternoon we accomplish very littte.
It has been suggested once or twice that we should
set apart a day for the consideration of executive,
business. In my judgment, that will be morcja-'
dicio«s,and we shall succeed better in the dispatch
of business. 1 have been trying all the morning
to get an opportunity to bring to the considera-
tion of the Senate a bill which has been reported
from the Judiciary Committee for the reorgam'za*
tion of the judiciary of this District. In my judg-
ment it is a very important bill, and it requires
early action, or else it cannot go through Con-
gress, and I shall be happy to have the opportu-
nity to consider that bill this afternoon. I hope,
therefore, the Senator from Massachusetts will
withdraw his motion.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the Sen-
ator can get an opportunity to consider the bill
tliis afternoon, I shall be willing to withdraw ray
motion.
The PRESIDENT j>ro tempore- The Senator
from Massachusetts withdraws his motion; and
the question recurs on the motion of the Senator
from Kansas. Does the Senator insist on that
motion ?
Mr. POMEROY. If the bill to which the Sen-
ator from New York refers will create no discus-
sion, I have no obiecuon to considering it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kansas withdraws his motion.
CODttTS OF DISTRICT OF COI^UMBIA.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 359,. re-
modeling the courts of the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
j Mr. HARRIS. The committee have reported
! a substitute; and I suppose, therefore, it will not
be necessaiy to read the original bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempo)t. By general
consent the reading of the original bill will be
omitted, the committee recommending that the
original bill be stricken out, and to insert what
will now be read by the Secretary.
The Secretary read, as follows:
That tliorc sluill be established in the District of Colum-
bia -a court to be calktl the supreme court ot the District of
Columbia, wim h bh.ill have general jim-diction inlaw and
equity. It shrill consist of four justices,oneof whom that!
be denominated as elucf justice. These justice!? shall b«
appointed by the President, by and with the advicc and
consent ol the Senate. Each justice, before be enters upon
the duties of iiis office, shall take the oath pie-cribcd to be
taken by judges of the courts of the United States. Any
tin cc o( said juMiecs may hold a general term, and any one
of them may hold a special term, oi chcuit court, as here-
inafter provided. A special teim may be held at the same
time with a circuit court, and by the same justice.
Scc.£. JinA be it further enacted, Tb.it the said court
frhali have power to appoint a cleik, who s hall take the
i oath, and give a bond with sureties, in the maimer pre-
) seabed by law for clerks of diHuct couit^ of the United
1 States.
i riec. 3. And be it further enactcd, That the supreme
| court oigamzed by this act shall poa e&s the tame powerR
i and exercise the Mime jurisdiction as mhw posw^ed and
j exercised by the citeiut court of the District of Columbia,
I and the justices o{ the court vo to lie oigamzed bhaH sev-
i cially possess the powers and e.\erei-e tin-jmi-diction now
, possessed and exercised by the judges of -aid encuiteouit.
; Any one ot paid justices may hold a district couit of the
! United States tor ttie District of Columbia, in ihe >ame
{ manner and with the same powers and jurisdiction pos-
i sensed and oxeieised by other du-trict courts ot the United
States. Any one ol *aid justices may also hold a criminal
! couit for the tnal of all cnmcs and otien^es ar!.-in<r within
• said District, which court shall possess the fame powers
I and exercise th" same jmisdiction now possessed and ex-
, ercised by the enminal court of the Disiiict of Columbia.
I See. 4. And be il further enacted, That ge.neiai teims of
! the t aid supreme court shall be held at the same times at
1 winch tetm* of the circuit couit ot the District of Colum-
i bia are now required to be held, and at the same place.
' District courts and criminal courts shall also be held by one
1 ot said justices at the several times when such courts iire
! now required bv law to he held, and at the same place.
| Sec. 5. And bo it further enacted, That special teims of
i said supreme court shall be held by one of said justices, at
1 such tune fn times as the said couit, in generalterm, snail
appoint. Non-eiiumeintcd motions in nil suits and pio-
ceediug* at law and in equity bhail first be heard and de-
teimnied at such special terms. Suits in equity, not tria-
ble by jury, s&aU also b© heard-and determined at such
