OTB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17.
The question recurred' on making -the bill a
special order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to making it a special
order.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules, any appro-
priation bill can be made a special order at any
time by a majority vote. The Clerk will read the
119th rule on that point.
The rule was read, as follows:
"Genera] appropriation bills shall be in ordetin preference
to any other bills of a public nature, unless otherwise or-
dered by a majority of the House; and the House may at
any time, by a vote of a majority of the members present,
make any of the appropriation bills a special order."
The question was taken on malting the bill a
special order, and the motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, also, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill to supply de-
tficiencios in the appropriations for the service of
tlie-.fiscal year ending 30th June, 1863; which was
• -read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee-of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
made the special order for Tuesday next.
CONFISCATION MESSAGE.
The SPEAKER stated that the business next
in order was the following resolution, reported
from the Committee on Printing at the last ses-
sion, the question being on the motion to lay it
on the table, on which the yeas and nays had been
ordeied:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copics of the message
of the President or* the United States of this date (July 17)
on the subject of confiscation, be printed for the use of the
House.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 65, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AUev, Ashley, Baker. Bingham, fluffin-
ton, Burnham, Chn k, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkling, Ro* -
coe Conkhng, Cravens, Cutler, Duell, Dunn, Edgeiton,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Samuel C. Fessendcn, Thomas A D.
Fessondon, Fisher, Fianchol, Cooch, Goodwin, {Iaijjhl,
Hale, Harrison, Hoinian, Hooper, Hutcluns, Kelley, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, Lansing, Lehman, Loouus, Lovejoy, Low,
MoKean, McKmght, McPherson, Mooihend, Anson P.
Morrill, Justin S. Morrill, Noble, Patton, X'ike, Pomoroy,
Porter, Potter, John H. Rice, Riddle, Sargent, Hliellabatser,
Sloan, Stevens, Stratton, Trowbridge, Van Hoin, Van
Valkcnburgh, \ erreo. Walker, Wallace, Albert S. White,
Wilson, and VVoicester—Co.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, Babbitt,Beaman, Riddle, Jacob
B. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, William G. Biov\n. Calveit,
Chambcilain, Clement*, Cox, Delano, Dunlap, Frank,
Granger, flail, Harding, Leary, Mitchell, Morils, Noell,
Noiton, Perry, Timothy G. Phelps, Richaidson, Robinson,
Sheffield, Srmth, Spauldm*:, John B. Steele, Stiles, Ben-
jamin F. ThomaA, Francis Thomas, Vallandigham, Chilton
A. White, WicklifFe, and Yeanian—37.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
liUFUS L. HARVEY.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be House bill No. 452, for the relief of
Rufus L, Harvey, and that the pending: question
was on the motion of the gentleman from New-
York [Mr. Ely] to refer the bill to a Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask to have en-
tered a motion to reconsider the vote by which
that bill lias been referred to a Committee of the
"Whole House on the Private Calendar.
The motion was entered.
WILLIAM W. SNOWUOOK AN1> OTHERS.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the consideration of House bill No.
487, for the relief of William W. Snowhook and
others, and that the pending question was on its
engrossment.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
the bill of the House to adjust the appropitations
heretofore made for the civil service of the N.tvy
Department to the present organization of that
Department.
president's messagh.
Mr, STEVENS. I move that the rules he sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of taking up the resolutions refer-
ring the President.'** message to the several com-
mittees of the House; and I give notice that after
one speech lias been made, I shall ask that the vote
be taken on them.
The motion was agreed to; and fhe IToiz«j#  ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on thestateofthe Union, (Mr. Kellogg,
of Illinois, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the first business in
order to be the consideration of the resolutions re-
ferring the President's message, on which the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Noell] was enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr, STEVENS. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to modify the resolution
referring so much of the President's tnessage as
relates to emancipation and confiscation, so that
the reference shall be to the special committee on
that subject appointed at the last session of Con-
gress.
There was no objection, and it was agreed to
accordingly.
Mr. NOELL. Mr. Chairman, I shall occupy
the hour allotted to me in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union in an effort to
show that the present Democratic organization in
this country, in its policy and in its practices, is
inconsistent with genuine Democracy, and occu-
pies the-position of an anti-war party. Mr. Jef-
; fcrson has ever been regarded as the great light and
apostle of American Democracy, if not its father.
When elected and inaugurated as President of the
United States, he delivered an inaugural address,
where we find the first political platform ever laid
down by any public man or any body of public men
in this Republic. I shall quote from that platform,
so far as it is applicable to the existing condition
of things. It is as follows:
"The ptcseivation of the General Government in its
whole constitutional vigor, as? the sheet-anchor of our peace
at homo and tat'etj abioad ; a j#>alou« care of the light of
election by the people, (a mild and satfe coriective of ahusea,
which nie lopped bv the sword of revolution, where peace-
able n-nicdies. arc unprovided ;) absolctf acquiescence
! i IK THI'' DECISION*! OF Till' MAJORITY—THE VITAL PRINCI-
jj 1'LE OF REPUBLICS, FROM WHICH THERE IS NO APPEAL BUT
j TO FORCE, THr VITAL PRINCIPLE A\*D IMMEDIATE PARENT
! i OF DESl'O riSM."
;j It was,.sir, the trampling under foot of the great
ji fundamental pi inciplesof the Democracy ht re laid
down that involved us in this revolution. Men in
the souther*) States claiming to be Democrats re-
fused to preserve this Government in its whole
constitutional vigor, and set up, as paramount and
superior to the General Government,inferior State
governments. They did not have a jealous care
of the right of election by the people; but, on the
contrary, they repudiated it. They did not yield
absolute acquiescence in the decision of the ma-
jority, as enunciated in the election of Mr. Lin-
coln ; but they repudiated it, and appealed to force,
the vital principle and immediate parent of des-
potism. The Government of the United States
has been engaged, since the commencement of this
rebellion, in vindicating these great fundamental
principles of Democracy; and while engaged in
this work it ought to have the unqualified support
of every loyal citizen.
I shall undertake, Mr. Chairman, to show that
the present organization of the Democratic party
does not yield to the Governmentthat unqualified
support; that it has thrown and is continuing to
throw in the way of the Government obstacles to
the successful prosecution of this war, by the same
process that has been adopted by other anti-war
parties which have arisen during the various wars
in which the country has been engaged. First,
they have encouraged the enemies of the country
by declaring that this war was biought about by
|; northern abolitionists, and not by the ambition of
j; southern traitors; second, by asserting before the
|| people that this war might have been avoided by
|j compromise, by the adoption, particularly, of the
Ciittenden pioposition. I undertake to say, sir,
upon my responsibility as a Representative upon
. this floor, that this is a delusion; that it is a delu-
I - sion to suppose that this war might have been pre-
II vented by the adoption of the Crittenden compro-
j mise. It is true that some of the leaders of this
! rebellion voted for that compromise, but it is
i equally true, as shown by the history of subse-
i quent events, that it was done for a purpose, and
; not in good faith; and that if it had been necessary
! to defeat that compromise in the Senate, at least
! eight or ten additional southern votes might have
been and wouid have been drummed up against it.
• But, sir, I go further. I say that there was noth-
> ingin that compromise—that the subsequent his-
! tory of the proceedings in Congress has totally
exploded the id<*u that it would have had anv
effect upon this rebellion. Why do I come to this
conclusion ? Let us see what it was. I voted for
it, and would ha,to voted for anything that gave
the least promise of an adjustment of our unfor-
tunate difficulties, not because I believed there was
any substantial merit in it, but because 1 enter- -
tained the hope tibatitmight be the means of hold-
ing back the men engaged in this conspiracy.
What was it, 1 repeat? It was a proposition to
divide the Territories of the United States by the
line of 36° 30' of north latitude, and that slavery
should forever be prohibited north of that line,
and that south of that line it should be left to the
people to decide whether they would or would not
have slavery as .a domestic institution. It went
a step further, and proposed to divide all subse-
quently acquired territory by the same line. I
objected to the latter proposition, because 1 did
not think it was right on the part of this Govern-
ment to undertake to divide territory which it did
not possess; that it was not right to agree among
the different sections of the Union how they should
parcel out the territory which they might acquire
from Mexico or any other nation. Still, I was
willing to go for it under the stress of cirpum-
stances by which we were then surrounded.
But what did it amount to after all ? As I have
already remarked, it proposed to divide this ter-
ritory by the line of 36° 30' of north latitude. It
tailed. The rebellion went on. At the next ses-
sion of Congress, after these gentlemen had got-
ten up this rebellion and abandoned their places,
leaving the Republican party a majority here and
in the Senate, v/e settled the slavery question
upon more favorable terms than the Crittenden
proposition. The Crittenden proposition asked
i half, and we gave all. We struck out the line of
j 36° 30', and adopted the principle of non-inter-
vention. We declared that the people of every
foot of territory should have extended to them the
privilege which theCrittenden proposition claimed
only for those south of the Udc of 36°30\ We
went a step further. We declared in that act that
the territorial Legislatures should not interfere, by
any unfriendly legislation, with the interests and
rights of the South, by declaring that one spceies
of property should not he s?xed higher than an-
other. We went a step further, and declared in
that bill that no vested rights in property m any
of those Territories should be divested by territo-
rial legislation. Thus much we did. Yet it is
maintained by gentlemen upon this floor, Dem-
ocrats and conservatives, that the failure of the
Crittenden proposition involved us in this war;
whereas, after these gentlemen from the South
had left us, the Congress of theUnited States, in
which there was a clear working majority of the
dominant party, passed a Jaw giving them more
advantages and more privileges in the Territories
than they professed to ask for in the previous ses-
sion of Congress.
Tho present Democratic party has* I believe*
put itself in the position of an anti-war party^by
holding out to the people the idea that the war is
to be prosecuted, not for the preservation of the
Union, but for the abolition of slavery, Sir, I
know no man, either in public or private life, who
maintains that position. It is true there ate men
I in Congress, and out of Congre?s7 who helievo
j the abolition of slavery is a necessary means to
J the successful prosecution of thfs war*, but} have
! yet to know one man who declares that this war
, must be prosecuted for the abolition of slavery,
j But the abolition of slavery, so ku* as it is con-
i tended for, is only contended fW a:> u meas>s of the
| successful prosecution of the %ar foy the lestora-
! tion of the Union; and when gentlemen parade
this charge before their constituents, and declare
to them that there is a party this Government
who are for using the means Heressary for the
prosecution of the war for the mere abolition of
slavery, they are falsifying the record, ami putting
| those who are for using, m good faith,all proper
means for the prosecution of the war in a false
position.
But they are in the habit also of persuadingthe
I people that the executive department of this na-
| tion is endeavoring to trample the Constitution
j under foot; that the Constitution is to be taken
! away from the people; that all their rights and
I privileges under that instrument are to be swept
! away; that we are contending for tho Union with-
| out the Constitution.
j Sir, I happen to come from.a State nnd a sec-
