1052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Now, I may remark what I understand vviil be
undisputed, that the bar of this District have for
years past desired the very change that we con-
template. I have been informed, since this sub-
ject 1ms been under consideration, that one of the
judges who is to bo legislated out of office by the
operation of this bill, himself attended a public
meeting In this city a few years ago, and addressed
that meeting in favor of the very change that is
bow contemplated, and I understand that gener-
ally the bar will favor this change. That there
are those who are disaffected towards it I expect,
butl do not suppose that any member of Con-
gress will be influenced by such a feeling on the
subject. If we are satisfied, ourselves, that the
public interest will be promoted by the passage of
a bill reforming the judiciary of this District, we
shall not be controlled by any objections that we
may hear outside.
I do not appreciate the objection that was made
by the Senator from Vermont, that it will be in-
convenient, if not impracticable, for the judges
one after another to hold a probate court; I can-
not see the force of that objection. In my own
State we have thirty-two judges of the supreme
court, and any one of them may hold a court, one
following another in the circuit or special term,
eac^i having the same juiisdiction io make orders,
examining the same questions, perhaps, and from
the decision of any one of those thirty-two an ap-
peal lies to a full bench of three judges in any dis- j
trict. I propose the same thing here; but lest by |
possibility there may be more force in the objec-
tion made by the Senator fiom Vermont than I
have been able to appreciate—and I yield to no
man in the deference and respect T pay to his
opinions in reference to any such question—1 will
offer by way of amendment a further section to
cover that objection:
♦fliui be il further cnacled, That the eouit to he organized
under tlio provtMons of tins act may, by order at uenor.U
term, one of their justices to perform tuo duties or
a pruhato or otplhius' court.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 was called out when the bill
was read, and therefore had not an oppoitnmty ;
of listening to its provisions. I desire to ask the \\
Senator from New York if this is similar to the bill i j
that I understand lias passed the House of Rep- !j
rc$enlnlives? The Senator perhaps knows that ;i
probably twice, certainly mire, the bill drawn by j
u gentleman who is now a Ilepiesentative in the j
other House [Mr. May] from the city of Baiti- ;
mo v, formerly an attorney in tins city, has been |
passed by that body, remodeling the courts of this i
JDisti km. That bill came here a year ago, and was '
referred to the Committee on the District of Co- !
lumbia, where it did not propeily peitain, and it j
was reported back by tliatcommittee,and .sent to ;
t ho Committee on the Judiciary. 1 I bought at the i
lime 1 read it that it was an excellent bill, i do
not know whether this is the same bill or not.
Mr. HARRIS. I have notseen the bill to which
the Senator from Iowa refers. I have heard that
theic was such a bill, but it has not come within
my notice. I will state for the information of the
Senator fiom Iowa that I have framed this bill
myself, modeling it chiefly after one of the judi-
cial distiicts of my own State, as it is organized
and found to be useful m practical operation.
Mr. RICHARDSON. \ should like to inquire
of the Senator from New Yoik if this bill is based
on any petition from members of the bar or any-
body else r
Mr. IIARRIS. It is not.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then it is based en-
tirely on the judgment of the Committee on the
Judiciaiy.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state to the Senator from j
Illinois that there has been an effort made on the i
pat t of the people uf this District for the last ten {
years to have these courts icmodeled. I think J
two bills of tins kind have been passed; I know j
that one has been passed by the House of Repre- i
sentatives, perhaps when the Senator was a mem- '
ber of that body. I refer to what is known as -
May's hill; I think it lias been passed twice in j
the other House. ;
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will state that, accord- j
ing to the rule which I think is proper for the gov- j
eminent of my own action—certainly I speak for i
no bod v e'b>e—if the i u is no petition fi om the mem- j
bers of the bar or the ciiizins of the District on j
this subject, there is no great complaint about the ,
judiciary here. My colleague will bear me testi- li
mony that we established in our State some years
ago what was called the cheap judiciary, and I
believe it cost about four times as much as the old
judiciary did when we paid them good salaries.
My notion about it—it may be that I am very odd
and very peculiar—is that the more salary you
pay judges, unless you carry it up to a very great
excess, the better will you have your laws ad-
ministered. I know that our cheap judiciary in
Illinois has cost us more than any other system
we ever had, because we had to have circuit judges
for every two or three counties; and under that
cheap system we have not always commanded
the best'legal talent we had in the State.
The recommendation of the Scnatorfrom New
Yoik, that the new system is a cheaper one, does
not commend it to my support. According to my
experience—and it is very little, I agree—that is
hardly a recommendation. I think wherever in
any of our States we have tried the cheap judi-
ciaiy, it has cost us more than any other in the
end. I think I could frame a very good judjeiary
bill if I had one to frame for a State or (he Dis-
trict of Columbia. I would put in the courts the
very best legal talent, and i would have an end of
litigation. When a case was decided by a fair,
competent, and good lawyer, I would have that
the end of it. I think our cheapest judiciary has
been that to which we paid the largest salaries and
commanded the best talent. I know nothing in
the world about this contest here, and I shall predi-
cate my vote upon the simple fact that if there has
been no petition fiom the bar, or from the people
living here for this change, and it is merely the
movement of a representative from abroad, not
living here or reprcsentinganybody here, 1 think
so radical a change ought not to be made.
Mr. DAY1S. I have had a longcxpenencc in
courts, and the result of all my experience is that
the bar are the best conservators of the courts.
The judicial department of the Government is, in
my opinion, the most important of all the depart-
ments of the Government. 11 is, in tiuth, the an-
chor of the Government. As a general rule, the
members of the bar desire to have enlightened and
independent courts. They always sustain prop-
eily their courts, where their couits deserve to be
sustained. They want able tribunals, they want
wise laws, and they wan t those laws justly and ably
administered. I have no idea that the bar of this
District, m th is respect, constitutes any exception
lo the bms with which I am acquainted, and to
the general bar of the United Stales. These men
denim to address Congress upon the subject of the
proposed legislation. It is their wish to do so.
The Senate has been so informed by two or three
different Senatois, with whom members of the
bar have communicated upon this subject. They
have no voice, they have no representative here;
still it is their right, and it is the coursc of justice
and magnanimity towards them to give them an
oppoi tumty to speak on the subject. I ask the
Senator, in the name of the bar of this District, to
make this bill the special order fur Fiiday, atone
o'clock. If gentlemen want to pass this bill, that
delay will not procrastinate it long. 1 ask them
in the name of the bar of this District to give at :j
least that short time to enable them to consult to- ;j
gether,and to make such communication as they >)
shall ^ee proper to the Senate upon the subject. ||
The PRESlDENT;m> tempore. The question ij
is on the amendment of the Senator from New ;i
York. ||
Mr. DAVIS. I move to make the bill thespe- i;
cial order for Fiiday, at one o'clock. j|
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope no motion will be ,j
made to make it a special order. ;i
Mr. DAVIS. I move to postpone it until that j
time. \
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The question [■
is on the motion to postpone the futther consid-
cration of tiie bill until Friday, at one o'clock. jj
The motion was agreed to. ;;
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAYT.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask the indulgence of the !'
Senate to take up Senate bill No. 32-1, which is the l!
bankrupt bill. I do not suppose the discussion ji
will go on this evening unless Senators wish. I :]
ask that it be taken up; and I am quite willing to j
say that unless the Senate are prepared to go on j
with a short discussion—X do not know how long ,
it will take; Senators can judge as well as I—I :
can hardly expect that they will take the bill up. !
I hope, however, that they will. It is a question
which Senators know is one of great public im-
portance; and it affects a great many individuals.
If it be taken up and acted on favorably, it will
give a great deal of gladness to many potUons of
the land. ^ I am willing to consider this motion a
test question. I hope the bill will be taken up.
Mr. KENNEDY. There is a little bill that I
am anxious to get before the Senate which has
been discussed in part, and I think if we take it
up now we can get through with it in a very short
time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Connecti-
cut.
Mr. KENNEDY. I do not propose any dis-
cussion on the bill to which I allude. I do not
think it will invite any. I should like, if the hon-
orable Scnatorfrom Connecticut would allow me,
to get that bill up. I do not desire to antagonize
in the least with him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope the Senator will allow
a vote to be taken on my motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it advisa-
ble to take a vote on the subject now, under the
ciioumsta nces.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By usage, the
motion of the Senator from Maine takes preced-
ence of the pending motion.
Mr. FOSTER. It will take but a moment to
take a vote on my motion. 1 will not ask for any
discussion on it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A vote is substantially
given by going into executive session now.
Mr. FOSTER. It is, if I give way; but I do
not give way to it.
Mi. FESSENDEN. I do not withdraw my
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator fi om Maine to pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 18,18G3.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Tiiomas H. Stockton.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting, in compliance with the piovisions of
the eleventh section of (he act of Congress ap-
proved August ^G, 1849, a statement showing the
names of clerks and other persons employed in
that Department for the year ending 31st Decem-
ber, 1862, the time each has been employed, and
the amounts paid to them respectively; which was
laid on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the following
titles, in whieh he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
An act (No. 31)3) concerning letters of marque,
prizes, and puze goods;
An act (No. 4;28) to facilitate the proof for the
allowance of pensions; and
An act (No. 494) to give greater efficiency to
the judicial system of the United States.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had notified the Senate
that he had approved and signed bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act (S. No. 438) for the relief of the owners
of the Norwegian baik Admiral Tordenskiold;
An act (S. No. 4S2) to establish the office of
register of deeds for the District of Columbia; and
An act (S. No. 505) to incorporate the national
association for the reliefotdestitute colored women
and children.
BRIDGES OVEK TIIE OI1IO.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order of
business was the consideration of the bill reported
from the Committee on Roads and Canals, (H.
R. No. 746) supplementary to an act approved
