1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tie
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
certain lesolutions referring the President's mes-
sage to the several committees, and had instructed
him to report the same to the House with a rec-
ommendation that they be adopted.
The question was taken on the resolutions, and
they were adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled joint res-
olution S. No. 108, for increasing the bond of
the Superintendent of Public Printing; when the
Speaker signed the same.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 will now either move to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, or postpone that motion till to-morrow,
just as it may suit the convenience of the gentle-
man from Kentucky who has been so kind as to
give'way to me.
Mr. YEAMAN. I prefer to speak to-morrow.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well. Then I have no
further business to-day.
WILLIAM II. SNOWIIOOK AND OTHERS.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
regularly in order was the consideration of House
bill No. 487, for the relief of William B. Snowhook
and others, lying ovei from last session, the ques-
tion being on its engrossment and third reading.
The bill was read. The preamble iccites that
a judgment has been recovered m the United Statos
circuit court of the northern district of Illinois
ajrainstThomas JJoync, E. S. Smith, Isaac Cook,
William B. Snowhook, and Richaid J. Hamil-
ton, as sureties of Charles H. Pine, late United
States marshal for said district, in which judg-
ment is included a sum of $2,500, money advanced
to said Pine by the Government on the 9th day
of November, 1859, after he had become known
to the officers of the United States to be a defaulter
in office, and after two of the said sureties had
expressly notified the late Secretary of the Inte-
rior of such official delinquency, and protested
against any further liability being incurred by
them; all which facts appear of record in the ar-
chives of the Department of the Interior. The bill
therefore authorizes and directs the Solicitor of
the Treasury to remit to the said sureties, as a
ciedit upon the amount of said judgment in satis-
faction pro tantoy the said sum of ^2,500, upon the
payment of the balance of said judgment by the
said securities; provided, however, that nothing
contained in the bill shall in anywise have the
eifect to release the principal in said bond from
his liability thereon.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
this question was substantially before the House
at last session. The reasons then assigned in
favor of its passage exist now. Some of the docu-
ments, however, which substantiate the claim, and
which should be read to the House, I have not
now with me. If there be any serious objection
to the passage of the bill, 1 will ask that its con-
sideration be postponed for a few days. Other-
wise, as I think that the bill is eminently justand
fair on its face, I should like to have it put upon
its passage. Still, 1 would not force on the House
at this time a subject which may give rise to con-
siderable debate. The merits of the bill are, I
think, unquestionable.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I
am one of those to whom the gentleman refers as
having been heretofore opposed to the passage of
this bill, and I say to him in all kindness, because
I do not wish to make anunreasonable opposition,
that if there are any documents winch throw any
light upon the matter, and which have not been
presented to the House before, I should be very
glad to have th^m read.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. They are the same
which 1 presented heretofore. They are the opin-
ions of the judge before whom the case was tried
and of the attorney who tried it, both advising
that justice requires the remission of this amount,
on payment of the balanceofthe judgment. I have
already stated the facts of the case to the House
and have read those papers, and I do not wish to
go into the discussion of it, or trouble the House
with a lengthened debate on this matter, if the
House be adverse to considering it now.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will suggest to
the gentleman from Illinois that I think he will
facilitate greatly the passage of this bill if he can
state—perhaps he has done so already, but I do
not recollect them—any facts that distinguish this
case from several others that have been here,
where claims arc set up for a remission of dam-
ages, merely because there was some ladies on the
pent of the United States.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I think I can
state this case in a word or two, and I think it will
show a different case from any that has been pre-
sented before. Thecaseissimplythis: Mr.Snow-
hookandothers were securities for Mr.Pine, mar-
shal for the northern district of Illinois. Becoming
apprehensive that the moneys intrusted to the mar-
shal were not being appropriated to their proper
use, they investigated the subject and found that
these moneys were being appropriated to private
purposes, or to purposes of a political character
merely. They notified the Government of that
fact, as is shown by the papers in the case. They
not only notified the Government, but urged that
no more money should be placed in his hands, as
it would be squandered. But little attention was
paid to this notice, and again the securities per-
sonally urged the same thing upon the officers of
the Government without effect.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him at this point? I desire to vote
for this bill, if I can do so consistently with my
sense of duty to the public. I sec that it is stated
in the preamble that §2,500 of the sum included
in this judgment was advanced to the principal,
Mr. Pine, after two of the sureties had notified
the Secretary of the Interior of such official's de-
linquency, and protested against further liability.
I suppose there is no doubt that, as a legal ques-
tion, smeties who give notice to the common
obligee of the default or the suspected default of
their puncipdi, and of then unwillingness to be
further held liable, arc thereby exonerated from
any future default. Butthe pointhere is, whether,
if only two of the suieties give such notice, the
other sureties who fail to do so do not continue
their obligation, and are not entitled to relief. In
other words, on what principles of equity should
relief be extended to any moie than those sureties
who gave the notice ?
Mr.'KELLOGG, of Illinois. I was about com-
ing to that point. These sureties having given
notice the second time, and having urged that no
more money should be placcd in the hands of the
marshal, also urged, by written request and pro-
test, that he should be removed from office on ac-
count of his official unfaithfulness. If only two
of these sureties acted in the matter, I believe it
was that they were the men who were really re-
sponsible, and that they acted on the part of ail
the securities. But this thing is certain—that they
more than once advised and urged the Department
to place no more money m the hands of this offi-
cer, and that the Government took no notice of
their request. It was for money placed in his hands
subsequently to this that the judgment was ren-
dered.
Mr. MAYNARD. So I understand the fact to
be; but the point I wish to get at is whether this
protest was entered into by all these sureties,or by
those who signed it in behalf of all the-sureties ?
Because* if a portion of them made no protest
against the marshal receiving further money, or
for his removal, we are hardly called upon to re-
lieve them. If, however, the gentleman is pre-
pared to say that the protest made was in behalf
of all the smettes, then I shall have no difficulty
in voting for his bill.
: Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I state to the gen-
! tleman that I so understand the case to be; that
! these two sureties here, on behalf of all thesure-
1 ties, more than once protested against any money
' being placed in the hands of flie marshal, while,
i in spite of these protests, money was placed in his
\ hands subsequently, and afterwards squandered.
! Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. I will ask the
| gentleman fiom Illinois to enlighten me upon one
. or two points. I desire to know, when he says
that notice was giveh by these sureties to th6
Government, to what department of Government
he refeis? I desiie also to know what he meatus
by moneys being subsequently placed in his hands
by the Government?. Will the gentleman inform,
me what tiie motieyS were which were placed in
this marshal's hands ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 Will fehswer
both the interrogatories of the gerul'emaft. He'
first wishes to know what department of the Gov-
ernment was notified. It was the Se6retary of the
Interior, particularly. If I mistake not, the"Pres-
ident was repeatedly importuned to remove this
marshal. The Secietary of the Interior, as I rec-
ollect, was notified in writing of the delinquency
of this officer; and the gentleman will recollect
that it is in the Interior Department that the ac-
counts of the marshals are kept and adjudicated.
In lelation to what funds werd placed in his
hands, I will say that they were the description
of funds ordinarily placed in the hands of a mar-
shal for the purpose of defraying the judicial ex-
penses that come within his province. They were
court fees—and without going into particulars, for
I have not the papers now before me—whatever
moneys were necessary for defraying the ex-
penses of that judicial district. After they had
been placed in his hands, in spite of the solicita-
tion of the securities, he squandered them. His
securities were sued upon their bond, and judg-
ment was recovered against them for the amount
of several thousand dollars. They claim, how-
ever, that $2,500 of this money was squandered
after they had served their protest in wriiing
upon the Secietary of the Interior. And the prop-
osition now is, that because of the dereliction on
the part of the Government, the securities should
be relieved from the payment of this $2,500, placed
in his hands, as I have before stated, after the pro-
test was made, they, in the mean time, paying the
balance of the judgment recovered, amounting to
some two thousand or three thousand dollars, I
believe, besides. I think the papers that I have
once read before the House show conclusively
that the securities have acted in perfect good faith.
They have done all that men could do to guard
the Uovernrrient against loss, and themselves also
against loss, by the dereliction of the person for
whom they had gone security.
Now, I admit that it is to guard the Govern-
ment against loss from defalcations of this kind
that securities are required of a public officer. I
so understand it. But there is to be good faith kept
by the Government as well as the security; and
I assert it here to-day, that it is bad faith, it is
wiong upon the part of (he Government, to con-
tinue a man in office when they are notified time
after time of the dereliction and defalcation of their
seivant. It is wrong to place money in the hands
of a man known by them to be dishonest to be
squandered, and then hold his securities for it. It
is not placed in the hands of a man whom they dd
not know to be dishonest, to be expended through
the ordinary channels of distribution, but it is
placed there with the knowledge of his dishonesty
upon their part, it may be said that the securities
are holden, and that they should be holdentothe
bond,ijut I do not believe it is good policy upon
the part of the Government to insist upon the pay-
ment of the securities, when they acted in good
faith, while the Government, as well as the prin-
cipal to the bond, have acted in bad faith.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not wish to place any^
obstruction at ail in the way of my colleague, but
I wish to ask him if those securities did not urge
the appointment of this man Pine to another office
after he was known to be a defaulter ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will say to my
colleague that 1 have no knowledge of any such
fact. I think it is not so. I certainly have no
knowledge of it. My colleague will certainly bear
me witness, that whatever the principal to the bond
may have been, the securities arc honest and hon-
orable men, and so known and esteemed in our
State.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Isuppose itislikely theyare.
I do not know: but in reference to the fact I stated,
I know that while this man was acting as post-
master in another place, he played the same game,
and that Buchanan then appointed him to another
position; but I will suggest, in reference to the
statement that this man ought to have been dis-
missed, that if Buchanan had dismissed all hisdis-
