1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,1862, entitled "An act to establish certain
post roads," ami for other purposes.
The bill was read. It directs that the Louisville
and Nashville Railroad Company and the JefFer-
sonville Itaiirond Company being stockholder in
the Louisville Budge Company, the act of Con-
gress approved July 14, 1862, to establish certain
post roads, shall authorize the construction of a
bridge at the falls of the Ohio by the companies,
and all the provisions and sections of the act shall
apply to the bridge as fully as if named in the act.
The second section authorizes the Covington and
Cincinnati Bridge Company to build the bridge
over the Oiiio river contemplated in its charter, at
any height not less than ninety font above the sur-
face of the water at low-water maik. The third
section extends the piovisions of the act of Con-
£ress to the Maysviile and Big Sandy and the
.exmgton and Big Sandy Railroad Companies,
so far as practicable, and as fully as if re'enacted,
and authorizes the companies, or either of them,
to construct a bridge or bridges across the river
atany points on the line of their roads.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, this bill gives
no more rights to the railroads mentioned in it,
terminating on the Ohio river below the mouth of
the Big Sandy than we re given by the act of last ses-
sion to the railroads terminating above the mouth
of the Big Sandy. I presume it is unnecessary
to trouble the House with a statement of the many
reasons why this act should pass. I will simply
• state that if those advantages have been properly
extended to those railroads terminating above the
mouth of the Big Sandy they should certainly be
extended to the railroads terminating below. I
presume the House does not intend to disctimin*
ate in favor of one section of that i iver to the ex-
clusion of another section. I move the previous
question on the bill.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the call for the previous question.
Mr.MALLORY. Icannotdoso. Mr.Speaker,
when this bill was presented by me to the House
on a former occasion, and when 1 wished to put
it on its passage, the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. McKnigiit) objected to its considera-
tion. I urged him on that occasion to withdraw
his objection, but he declined doing so. Ifl per-
mitted the bill to go to discussion now, and failed
to bring the House to action upon it, the result
would be that the session would expire without
anything being; done m the matter.
Mr. McKNIGIiT. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for fifteen minutes.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 cannot.
Mr. McKN 1GHT. Then I hope the previous
question will be voted down, and 1 ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mallohy
and McKnight were appointed.
While the House was dividing,
Mr. MALLORY said: Mr. Speaker, in order
to expedite this matter, I wiil withdraw the call
for the previous question if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will renew it or give me the floor
after ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Undoubtedly I will.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I withdraw the pre-
vious question.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, those who
have observed what has occurred in the House in
reference to this matter, will recollect that I told
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory]
the other day that I did not know that I should
oppose this bill on its filial passage if an oppor-
tunity was allowed for my constituents and those
interested in the navigation of the Ohio river to
be heard, and to present such objections as they
might have to present, if, in their opinion, it woultl
interfere with their inteiests.
But, sir, here is an important bill, affecting the
most important interests of the West and North-
west, which the gentleman from Kentucky pro-
poses to put upon its passage under the operation
of the previous question without giving anybody
whatever the slightest opportunity to be heard
upon it.
Mr. MALLORY. I have withdrawn the de-
mand for the previous question, and the gentleman
has no light, thetefore, to make that remark.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I respectfully suggest to
the gentleman that lie withdrew his demand for
the previous question after a pretty hard contest,
and not by favor, as I think he might have done;
and he has only withdrawn it now upon restric-
tions which do not open it to a general discus-
sion.
Thegentleman has referred to a bill passed at. the
last session of Congress. The House will remem-
ber that bill was passed through the House with-
out any discussion whatever. The gentleman
who introduced it gave it out to the House that
the proposed bridges would constitute no obstruc-
tion to commerce, and that the navigation of the
Ohio would remain as unobstructed as before.
But it was ascertained, immediately after the pas-
sage of the bill, that there was what might be called
a snake in the bill: in other words, that there was
authorized to be a pier in the middle of the span
that would seriously obstructthe passage of boats.
When the bill wont to the Senate it was referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals; and the
Senate committee, instead of forcing the bill
through without discussion, as was done here
under the previous question, obtained the opin-
ions of competent and experienced engineers from
various parts of the country, in order that it might
be demonstrated whether the bridges authorized
by the bill would obstructthe navigation of that
great highway. After full investigation by the
Senate committee, they directed the removal of
this intermediate pier, and the span to be enlarged.
Now, sir, before this bill is to be put upon its
passage I desire to obtain replies to communica-
tions that have been sent to Pittsburg, Wheeling,
Marietta, Cincinnati, and St. Louis, so that we
may ascertain whether this measure is likely to
affect injuriously the interests of those cities.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what docs this bill provide
for? It contemplates the construction of four
more bridges over the Ohio. The gentleman says
that because we have authorized two bridges above
the mouth of the Big Sandy there is no reason
why we should not authoiize as many more be-
low it. The gentleman wants to turn that great
national channel into a little canal, and to allow
every fanner along its banks to build a bridge to
cart his hay across. If that is what the House
desires to do, let us pass this bill,
I believe myself that it would be proper to con-
struct a budge at the falls of the Ohio; and I do
not know that I would object to one being thrown
across the river to complete the connection with
the Covington railroad. The charter of that rail-
road, gran ted by the States ofKentucky and Ohio,
authorizes the building of a bridge one hundred
and twenty feet above low-water mailt. By this
bill the act of these States is interfered with, and
the height of the bridge leduccd to ninety feet.
Now, while I do not object to the construction
of the budge authorized by the charter, I see no
reason why Congress should interfere and reduce
its height thirty feet. Gentlemen wilj observe
that the navigation of the Ohio river affects the
interests not only of the States of Ohio and Ken-
tucky, but of all the States bordering on that river;
and the interests of those States ought to be con-
sulted in this matter. I desire that this House
shall have before it some statistics of the immense
trade of rhatcountry, thiough the Ohio river, be-
fore it undertakes to puss, under the previous ques-
tion, such a law as thts. It was shown in the dis-
cussion in the Senate last session that tlie addi-
tional cost of lumber and coal to the people of
Cincinnati, Maysviile, and Louisville, would
more than counterbalance the benefits confeued
on railroad companies from the construction of
these bridges.
I have never taken the position that navigable
streams ought not to be crossed by bridges to con-
nect grent lines of railroad. I desire always to
accommodate both these interests of travel and
trade. 1 wish to see afforded to railways every
facility in crossing navigable stiearns; always
provided that they do not interfere with other m-
tetests engaged in the navigation. I believe that
both railroad and navigation mteivsts may be pro-
moted; and I believe that the authority eonfeired
by its charter on the Cincinnati and Covington
railroad is sufficient, so far as the bridge is con-
cei ned.
I said I would like to hear from those sections
of country interested in the navigation of this
river. It affects not only Ohio and Kentucky, but
away up into Vngima, along the Monongahela
river, and up into the State of New York, along
the Alleghany, down which immense quantities
of lumber are floated at. high water, it affects
Pennsylvania, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri,
and all these States are interested in the defeat of
this scheme, if it shall be found to cause aserioas
obstruction to the navigation of tlie Ohio river.
1 f the bill can be postponed for a few days, I hope
to have statistics to present to the House which
will throw some lisrht on this question.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, I have been
accustomed, for a long time, as a member of this
House, to sec the Representatives from Pennsyl-
vania stand up in solid array against any schema
calculated to benefit any section of this- Union
other than the State of Pennsylvania. I have been
in the habit, also, of seeing Representatives from
that State stand in solid phalanx in favor of any
scheme for the benefit of the iron and coal interests.
It seems to me, however, that the gentleman from
the Alleghany district, in liis opposition to tl«s bill,
has not exercised his usual sagacity, I suppose
that he is not aware that the raihoad against which
he has leveled some of his remarks and the bridge
which it is now proposed to build \yill aid the
Central Pennsylvania railroad more than any
other for which a bill could pass this Houso. I tell
him that they have proposed to expend $250,000
on the Louisville and Big Sandy road for the pur-
pose of building a dam and the construction of
a bridge, with a view of establishing a continuous
connection between Pittsburg and thegieat cities
of the South. I do not know with what feeling
the gentleman's constituents will hear of his ob-
jections to this bill this morning, in view of that
fact.
In addition to that, the gentleman says that
this supplemental hill proposes to change exist-
ing legislation on the subject. I will reply to the
gentleman that it does no such thing. I tell the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that this bill brings
these bridges under the provisions of the law that
was passed at the last session of Congress. It
binds them by every restriction contained in that
bill, h piovides that the bridges constructed
under this bill shall have the same height above
low-water mark as those constructed by the bill
of the last session.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Let me ask the gentleman
a single question.
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly, sir.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I would like to know what
is meant, then, by authoiizing the Covington and
Cincinnati Company to build the bridge contem-
plated in its chatter atany height not less than
ninety feet above the surface of the water at low-
water mark ?
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that the State Legislature re-
quired that the bridge should be one hundred and
twenty feet above low-water mark. This bill
provides that it shall not be less than ninety feet
above low-water mark. My object in making this
provision was to put the Covington and Cincin-
nati Bridge Company upon the same ground as
all of the other bridges. It enables this company
to construct this bridge as all of the others have
been enabled to construct theirs.
Mr. McKNIGHT. 1 think that the citizens of
the city of Cincinnati have not been heard on tiiis
subject.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman is mistaken.
The citizens of Cincinnati, through their Repre-
sentatives on this floor, will vote for this bdl. We
think that they know as much about Cincinnati as
the gentleman from Pennsylvania can be expected
to know. They will attend to the interests of
Cincinnati as well as the gentlemen from Penn-
sylvania have attended to the interests of that
State, and I must admit that they have always
attended to the interests of that State. I do not
know that theie is any further necessity for the
discussion of this bill.
Mr. ROSCOK CON'KLING. State what are
the provisions of ihc bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I have already stated to the
House the object of this bill. It is to enable
certain railroads to bridge the Ohio nver below
the mouth of the Big Sandy, in the same way
that they have been allowed to he constructed
above the mouth of the Big Sandy. They are to
be built under the same terms and undei piecisely
the same restrictions. The u\il roads above tiny
Big Sandy have been allowed to build these
bridges, and we do not see why they should not
be allowed to be built below that river. That is
all there is of the hill. I ask the House whether
it will refuse the same facilities below that they
