116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
honest employes, he might have found it impos-
sible to carry on the Government. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I hope my col-
league will not throw the difficulties of a little
home quarrel in the way of the passage of a meri-
torious bill. I expect he will vote for it.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. He did last year.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. He did last year,
and I expect he will on this occasion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will say that I have no feel-
ing of hostility toward this man. I may have
voted for this bill last year,coming, asitdid, rec-
ommended by the Judiciary Committee—for their
approval would have great weight with me—but
before I vote for it now, I should like to know of
my colleague whether there was not some way,
if this man's dishonesty was known, by protest,
or injunction, or in some way, of putting a stop
to his proceedings ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will say to my
colleague that the only possible way within my
knowledge for securities to have acted to securc
their own rights and the rights of the Government
was the course theydid pursue. The noticegiven
by them is on record, and has been read to this
House. That notice was introduced into court
at the trial in Chicago; and while the opinion of
the judge as to the legal question is given in his
decision, his opinion also as to the justice and
merits of the case is also given, and will be car-
ried out by the passage of this bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have nothing to say in j
relation to any difficulty or quarrel that may exist'
between my colleague and Mr, Pine, but I do wish
to say that Hoyne and Snowhook, honorable and
honest men, should not be made to suffer because
they have been induced to be securities to a man
who has proved unfaithful to his trust. Hoync
and Snowhook are, so far as I know, and I be-
lieve so far as the gentleman knows, honorable
men. They sustain as fair a character in our State
as any other gentlemen in that State or any other
State. Whether they did recommend his appoint-
ment in the first instance,i do not know; but un-
less it is brought home to them that they knew of
Pine's dishonesty, they should not be made to
suffer for Ins default.
* Mr. RICHARDSON. My colleague [Mr.
Lovkjoy] speaks of Mr. Pine as a defaulter while
holding the position of postmaster, I think. I do
not know how that may be. There is this one
fact, however, its connection with the matter.
These securities all lived in Chicago. Pine held
the position of postmaster, if I mistake not, in my
colleague's own town, and was transferred from
that position to be the marshal of the northern
district of Illinois. These men could not have j
known ofany defalcation existing with Pine while I
acting as postmaster, or they would not have gone j
his security as marshal, of course. 1 had but !
little knowledge of him when he was made mar- ;
s^al of the State. One of his sureties is dead—I j
mean Colonel Hoyne. I know that he reluctantly '
wentupon his bond; and from the intimacy winch ;
existed between him and myself, I know that he
was anxious to be relieved and discharged from
the bond a fdiort time after he became his surety.
Mr. HUTCH1NS. Let me say a word*
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. "I yield to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. MUTCH INS. Mr. Speaker, this case, by
some other name, was up before the House at the
last session of Congress. It was then fully dis-
cussed. Now, if there was any legal orequitable
defense, such as would have been sufficient before
Congress, it would have been presented and oper-
ated for the passage of this bill at that time; but
it seems to me that there was no equity in the
case, because the House, after full discussion, re-1
jected the claim by a vote of forty-five yeas to fifty- I
five nays. I do not know how this case came up !
again, but it seems to me that there ought to be I
some finality to our proceedings in the matter of'
claims. I think that the discussion and the vote j
on this bill at the last session of Congress ought |
to he satisfactory to the friends who have had it i
in charge. I hope that the bill will not be passed j.
by the House. j
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman !
from Ohio says that pm-lmps this bill \vns up at j
the last session by some other name. Perhaps it!
was. Perhaps the name of Snowhook or Hoyne j
was then first. i
Mr. HUTCHINS. The record states that the
bill was reported, at the last session of Congress,
by Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, to which it had been referred.
It is stated that the Committee on the Judiciary,
to whom was referred the bill for the relief of
Thomas Hoyne and others, reported the same
back without amendment, and with the recom-
mendation that it do pass. This is a bill for the
relief of William W. Snowhook and others.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr.Snowhook's
name was in the bill at the last session of Congress.
It may have been that in that bill Hoyne's name
was first, and that in this bill Snowhook's name
is first. The gentleman from Ohio has introduced
some special pleading in opposition to this case,
which, perhaps, might obtain in some county court
somewhere upon this earth; but, as yet, 1 have
not seen any such court. [Laughter.] He has
stated nothing which ought to militate against the
passage by this House of the pending measure.
Mr. HUTCHINS. The point 1 made against
the gentleman's bill was this: I held that outside
of the change of the name in the bill, it was iden-
tically the same subject-matter passed upon at the
last session of Congress, and that the vote of the
House on that subject-matter ought to be final.
The House voted down the bill at the last session,
and I think that it ought to vote down this bill at
this time, for it is identically the same subject-mat-
ter.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If the gentleman
from'Ohio had waited, 1 would have told him how
that was. As the gen tlcman has stated, the House
voted the bill down at the last session. I pre-
sented the petition and papers to the House again,
and the House referred them to the Committee on
tho Judiciary. The Judiciary Committee a sec-
ond time directed me to reporta bill to the House,
and to recommend that it be put on its passage.
I reported the hill to the House. There was some
question about it by gentlemen who had pre-
viously opposed it, and at their request I moved to
postpone its further consideration to this session
of Congress, which motion was agreed to. There
is nothing about it which has been covered up in
darkness. There is nothing in the bill except
what appears upon its face. So much for that
objection.
Mr. Speaker, I regret that I am put in the po-
sition of urging the passage of this bill with feel-
ing, when, in fact, it is for a person who does not
live in my district. I know the party, but I have
no more feeling upon the subject of this bill than
I have upon any ordinary matter of legislation
confided to my care. I have a delicacy in urging
this measure upon the attention of the House;
but I do urge n, nevertheless, because I believe
that it is just and meritorious.
I will, in conclusion, say what I would have said
before, if I had notbeen interrupted. In due time
this suit was commenced, and judgment was ren-
dered against the parties. It was fully-sliown that
this notice had been given; but the judge decided,
while it might be a meritorious claim for relief,
where the power of relief rested in this Govern-
ment, yet, as a strict legal defense, that he did not
hold it to be good. That judge, m a letter which
I read to the House, together with one from the
districtattorncyofthe United States who tried the
case, stated that in their judgment it was one of
the cases which peculiaily called for the action of
Congress for the relief of those who had acted in
good faith for the protection of the rights of the
Government and their own rights. I hope that
the bill will be passed.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I
have no ill will against this claim. Far from it.
I do not mean even to affirm that it is not, in one
sense, meritorious; but I submit to the House
that there should be some uniformity of doctrine
m such cases, and that claims should not be lost
here unless they are won by the ability or perti-
nacity of the particular Representativewho presses
them.
This claim arises from the fact that a man was
appointed to an office, to qualify him for which
he was, by law, required to give bail He was re-
quired to give that bail in part for the reasons
stated by the gentleman from Illinois, but, also,
for an additional reason, quite as weighty as the
one to which reference has been made. Bestow-
ing and accepting the place, and assuming its du-
ties, was not a transaction to which the marshal
was aparty on the one side, and the Secretary
of the Interior on the other, or even the President
and his Cabinet, collectively, on the other. The
nation at large was and is the party on the one
side, and the Secretary of the Interior and the
whole Cabinet were only middlemen—agentsofa
principal standing behind them. The necessity
and purpose of official bail grow in part out of
these relationships.
The motive for exacting bail, as I understand
it, is not only to provide against such laches, dis-
honesty, and default, in the person giving it, as
the utmost wariness and diligence on the part of
the appointing power could not guard against, but
also to indemnify against ill-judged and improvi-
dentappointments; the design is to save the Treas-
ury harmless from remissness in the appointing
power, from confidence misplaced and unwisely
continued, as in the case of Fowler, the postmas-
ter ofNew York—ifit was only remissness on the
part of the Government in his case—and ns in the
case of the Kinderhook postmaster's sureties, in
whose behalf a bill was introduced and lost at the
last session, and as in many other cases of omis-
sion to act on such notice as is said to have been
given in this case. Therefore, on the one hand,
bail was given in this case to prevent the marshal
from purloining the public money in spite of the
authorities, and on the other to insure against
losses to which carelessness on the part of those
executing the Government might contribute, or
which they might in some degree suffer to occur.
The statutes as they stand, and the law as it stands,
gave to this principal and to his sureties no de-
fense in any court.
That seems to be admitted now. Yet I have
heard it intimated in this House, that because the
holder of an obligation delays in prosecuting it,
a defense, legal or equitable, inures to tho sure-
ties. If that doctrine was ever relied upon here,
it has been abandoned, and it has also been more
than once rejected and reprobated by this House.
This is precisely that case, with nothing, I sub-
mit, to distinguish it from the numerous cases in
which we have been clear in pronouncing judg-
ment adverse to the claimants. I submit that
we should have uniformity of doctrine and con-
sistency of action. The law is consistent and
plain; if it is too rigorous, change it. If we can-
not stand by the courts, let us pass a bill changing
the rule, and then the Treasury, as well as the
claimants, may be protected. Let us say to the
Government, as well as to individuals interested,
that filing a notice declaring that sureties choose
no longer to be bound for their principal shall ex-
tinguish future liability. Then there will be some
safety on both' sides. Now, no such custom or
right to terminate liability exists. The universal
understanding and the law are precisely the re-
verse. Then why in this case, and not in oth-
ers, should we disregard the law and the facts on
which all concerned acted and were bound to act?
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. _ With the
permission of the gentleman from Illinois, I desire
to say a few words. I am fully aware of the in-
disposition of the House to allow any claims of a
doubtful character in the present stateof thepub-
licTreasury, but I do think that this case can be
put upon grounds so simple and plain that the
sense of justice of the House will allow the claim.
These parlies became sureties on a bond for the
faithful administration of a trust by a public offi-
cer. They were undoubtedly bound to see that
that officer conducted himself with honesty, with
discretion, and with fidelity in the discharge of
his office. The evidence tends to show that they
had no reason to distrust his integrity and hon-
esty when they became sureties on his bond.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman allow me
a word right here, as this brings up again the point
brought up by my colleague from the&umcy dis-
trict [Mr. Richardson?]
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I cannot prove the fact that
this man was a previous defaulter, but it was so
notorious that I think these sureties must have
known it. He was the publisher of a newspaper
in my district, and his bondsmen were responsible
to a very considerable amount for his defalcation
I or failure to pay over as postmaster. He then re-
| moved to Chicago, and published another news-
I paper, and played the same game there. I have-
