1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
have granted above. I do not see how the bridges
now proposed can any more interfere with the
navigation of the river than those which were au-
thorized at the Inst session of Congress.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Lot me make a reply to
some of the remarks which have just fallen from
the gentleman.
Mr. MALLORY. I have yielded to one gen-
tleman fromPennsylvania. I will yield for a ques-
tion, but not for a speech. I want to bring this
matter to a determination. I think that it is use-
less to discuss it further. I therefore call for the
previous question.
Mr. PENDLETON. Let me ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. MALLORY. I yield for that purpose.
MF. PENDLETON. I was informed, Mr.
Speaker, that this bill puts the bridges authorized
to be constructed by it under the same restriction
as that provided in the hill passed during the last
summer in reference to the Steu ben viiie Company.
I have great doubt whether it does. I have read
it at the Clerk's desk. It makes provision for the
bridge named in the first section, 1 have great doubt
whether the provisions of that law are made to
extend to the other two bridges. I ask the gen- '
tleman to permit me to offer an amendment to the
first section of the bill to provide that all of the
bridges under this bill shall conform to the law of
last summer.
Mr. MENZIES. The second section of the
bill piovides for nothing except that the required
bridge at Covington and Cincinnati may be built
there at a height of not less than ninety feet
above low-water mark. That is all that it pro-
vides; that the company has no power under this
proposed act to do anything that it is not author-
ized to do by its charter, except that the height of'
the bridge may be less than the charter grants.
That is the only innovation here, because of the
impression that the power is necessary to fix the
height of the bridges across the Ohio river, i
wish the House to understand that that section
proposes to do nothing which is not authorized
by the charters that the company obtained from
Ohio and Kentucky, except a change of the height
that the charter authorizes. The height, accord-
ing to this section, is not to be less than ninety
feet; and thatis the height fixed in the bill to which
this is an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me ask a question for
information. Did not Chancellor Walwonh make
an examination in lefercnce to the height neces-
sary for bridges and submit, his report; and under
that report was not the height of the bridge at Cin-
cinnati required to be one hundred and twenty
feet above low-water mark? Am I right?
Mr. MENZIES. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS, Then it ought not to be
ninety feet.
Mr. MENZIES. An act of the last session of
Congress fixed the height of ninety feet for ail
bridges built above the mouth of the Big Sandy.
We ask an act of Congress to build a bridge not
less than ninety feet in height.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to strike out the
words " said bridges," m the tenth line of the first
section, and to insert in lieu thereof the words, .
"all the bridges authorized to be built by this
act;'* so that it will read: !
That the Loui-ville and Nashville Railroad Company and j
the Jeftetvjjiville Kail road Company being stockholders m 1
the Louisviii'- Undue Company, the net ot' Congte^s ap- ;
proved Jnlv I J, !8 5J, entitled "An act to establish oettam
post road>," shall authorize the construction or' a bridge at ■
the talis ol'the Oli.o bv said companies, and nit the piovn-
lons and section-* of said act -hail apply to all of the hudi^ |
nuthomed to bo built in tins act as tullvas it named in said :
act. ;
Mr. MALLORY. I accept that. !
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot do !
that.
Mr. MALLORY. I submit the amendment my- ;
self, and call for the previous question. I
Mr. MENZIES. Tliatamendment will destroy ■
the second section, and I ask my colleague to with- !
draw the demand for the previous question. {
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope that u will be voted !
down. 1
Mr. MENZIES demanded tellers. j
Mr. MALLORY. 1 wiihdiaw the call for the
previous question, and yield to my colleague. j
Mr. MENZIES. I want the House to under- j
tttand that this isectton pioposes to build a budge j
lit Louisville, Kentucky, by two railroad compa- i
nies, in exact conformity to the actof the last ses-
sion. The third section proposes to build one by
railroad companies at Maysville, in exact accord-
ance with the law.
The second section proposes nothing but to au-
thorize a company under a charter now existing
to change the height of a. bridge, and that bridge
is a wire suspension bridge, winch has no columns
and no piers to interfere with navigation. It is
the only one which can be made under the char-
ter. Now, I urge that the requirements of the act
of last Congress cannot apply to that bridge; cer-
tainly it cannot apply without defeating its charter
altogether, and all we ask is that the Congress of
the United States will allow that bridge to be ata
less height than its charter provides for.
Mr. MALLORY. By the consent of the gen-
tlemen i will withdraw my amendment, and move
to amend by sinking out that section of the bill
which refers to the Covington and Cincinnati
Bridge Company, which is as follows :
Sec. 2. Jind be. it further enactcd, That the C«vin?ton
and Cincinnati Bruise Company is authouzed to build the
bridge over the Ohio river contemplated in its charter, at
any height not le>s Until ninety teet above the suiface of
the u'iitoj at low-water maik.
Mr. MENZIES. Now, Mr. Speaker, I hope
the House will not strike out that section, because
its provisions injure nobody on the face of the
earth.
Mr. OL1N. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky yield to me a moment?
Mr. MALLORY. I cannot. We will take
the matter as it now stands. I move the previous
question.
Mr. PENDLETON called for tellers upon sec-
onding the demand for the previous question
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pkndleton
and Olint were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 75, noes 18.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question fnst recurred upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Mallory, upon which
Mr. MENZIES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aidrieh, William Allen, Alley, Aneona,
Arnold, Daily, Baker, Beaman, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair,
Blake,iiutfinton, Calveit, Campbell,Casey, Chamberlain,
Collax,Kiedenek A.Conklini*, Ko*coe Conkllnjj, Conway,
Cox, Oaven-, Crixlicld. Uawes, Delano, Dnnn, Eii^eiton,
EUol, Ely, Saimie' C. Fessemlen. Thomas A. D. I'Vs^en-
dru, Fi.uii-Uot, Frank, Oooeh, Goodwin, Gianger. Gurlev,
Halm, llaicht, Hale, Hall, Ibmim**, Hickman, Iloopcr,
Johnson, Kelley, William K>llo<™. Knapp, Lansing, Law,
Lazeni, Lehman, Loomi.s, Low, Melndoe, McKnight, Mc-
Ph"i-on. M.illon, Mooihead,Moiiis, Nixon, Noble, Noell,
Not ton, Nu?eu, OJiii. Fondle ton. Pony, Timothy g. Phelps,
Poiperoy, Fortei, Puce, Alexander 11 Nice, John II. Riee,
Riddle, Jlobmsnn, James j*. Rollins, iSegar, Shanks,Shiel,
Sloan, Smith, William G Steele, Steven*, Stiles, Stratton,
Beniaimn F. Thomas, Train, Tumble, Tiowbndge, Van
Vaikenbuijrh, Van Wyclc, Veiree, Voorheep, Walker, Wal-
lace, Wn-dibiinn. Whaley, Chilton A. White, Wickliffc,
WiNon. YVoodiufT, Wright, and Yeamati—104.
N'AYri—Me^sts. Babbitt, Baxter, Cutler, Edwards, Fen-
ton, Cinder, Hani^on, Iloltnan, Menzies, Edwatd II. Rol-
lins, Sargent, Sedgwick, Sheffield, Shellabarijei, Sherman,
Francis Thomas, Walton, WelMcr, Wheeler, Albeit S.
White, Windom, and Worcester—21.
So tlie amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the ihird time.
Mr, MALLORY demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Air. McKNlGHT demanded the yeas and nays
upon tiie passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldneh, William Allen, Alley, Anconn,
Arnold, Babbitt, Batly, Baker, Baxter, Beanum, Bingham,
Jacob B. Bbur, Blake, Buffintoti, Calvert, Casey, Chamber-
lain, Clements, Colfax, Frederick A. Conkiing, Conway,
Co*,Cnstield, Crittenden, Cutler, Delano, Dunn, Eds eiton,
Edvwud;?, Eliot, Samuel C. Fes^enden, Titoma - A. I). Fes-
seiidcn, Frank. Goodwin, Granger. Glider, Gurlev, Haftn,
Ha'jjht, Hall, liauimq;, Uairi-ou, Johnbon, Julian, William
KeMo<«;, Knapp, L.izi ar, Leaty, Lehman, Loomi;*, Me-
I\# an, Mal'orv, Matron, May mud, Menzie^, .Mitchell, Nix-
on, Noble, Norton, Nu:,'on. Pike, Pom^roy, Potter, Price,
Alexander H. Riee, John fi. Iliee, Robnoon, Edwatd H.
Rollins, Sargent, Scgat, Shank-, Sheffield, Shellabaiger,
Sherman, Spauldine, William G. Steele, Stiles, Stratton,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Fianets Thomas, Trimble, Van
Yalkeabmgh, Van Wyek, Wwe, Voortiee*, YVadawoith,
Walker, Wallace, Webster, Wheeler, Albert S. White,
Chilton A. White, Woodruff, Woicester, and Yeaman—-95,
NAY?5—Messrs. Campbell. Ro-< oe Co.ikl.ng, Ely, Hick-
man, Nolman. Hntchiiis. Kelley. Lansin?. Low, Melndoe,
MeKiiighl, McPher-'on, Olin. Pendleton, Pottei, Riddle,
Sluelj Stevens, Trowurtdge, Washburne, and Wilson—21."
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. PIKE stated that Mr. Lovejoy was de-
tained from the House yesterday and to-day by
sickness.
The SPEAKER announced that the title would
stand as it is unless otherwise ordered.
Mr. OLIN. I move to amend the title.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. MALLORY. Am I notentitled to the floor
to move to reconsider and lay on the table ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman would have
been, had he claimed it in time.
Mr. OLIN. I move to amend the title so that
it shall read, "An act for the destruction of the nav-
igation of the Ohio for the benefit of railroad cor-
' pompons."
The amendment was not agreed to. The title
was agreed to as it was.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also move
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Air. Nicolay, his Private Secretary,
informed the House that the Presidentdid, on the
16th instant, approve and sign a resolution and
bills of ihe following titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 118) to revive an
act to secure to the officers and men actually em-
ployed in the Western department,ordepartment
of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and pension, and
for other purposes;
An act (II. R. No. 582) for the relief of persons
for damages sustained by reason of depredations
and injuries by certain bands of Sioux Indians; and
An act (I-I. R. No 737) to issue an American
register to the steamship Karnak.
BUSINESS ON TIIE SPEAKERS TABLE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House pro-
ceed to tiie consideration of the business on the
Speakeitable.
Mr. BLAKE. Upon that motion I call for
teiU-rs.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.'Washburne,
and Thomas of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes seventy-four, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of the business upon the Speaker's table,
and took up and disposed of the several matters
thereon as follows:
CIRCUIT COURTS IN WISCONSIN.
An act (S. No. 407) to fix the terms of the cir-
cuit courts in the district of Wisconsin, with Sen-
ate amendments to a House amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I move that that bill be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
DEPUTY REGISTER, ETC.
An act (H. R. No. 605) to provide for the ap-
,i pointment of a Deputy Register in the Treasury
!| Department, and for other purposes, with Senate
i! amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were read, as
follows:
Page 1, line five, strike out" Deputy,*' and insert in lieu
thereof" Ass-istaut."
Strike out section two,and insert In lieu thereof, as new
sections, the following:
j Sec. 2 Jind bcilfuithcr enacted, That the duty of Mich
Assistant «hi ll be such as may he devolved on him by the
I Register ol the Trenj-uty, and m the absence oi tiie Regis-
| ter said AssusUnt «halfaet in in* place and stead ; and any
1 official )<*coid, certificate, or other document, exoepimg
; wairants, bonds, and dialH, if signed by the A^Mant lte-
! ffi^ter.shail have the >ainc lesjal foice and validity as tfhigned
i by the Register of the TreaMiiy.
I Stc. 3 And be it further enacted. That the President he,
; and lie is heieby, authouzed to appoint, by and with the
; advice and consent of the Senate, an officer in the War Df**
1 p.irtment, to he railed the Solicitor of tiie VVar Depatuneut,
i at an annua! salaiy of $2 500.
\ Sec. 4 <Atul be it fuilfwr enacted, That the amovnt nts
«("*sut*y to psy the salaries of tbe officers arutliurized to be
