1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.lit
110 moral doubt that they knew it, but I cannot
prove it.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. All that I
have to say in reply to the gentleman from Illi-
nois is, that in the examination of this matter be-
fore the Committee on the Judiciary there wa's no
evidence tending to show any default on the part
of this party before his assumption of this office.
The fact as it stands before the House is this: the
sureties upon a bond for the faithful performance
of the duties of an officer of the United States find
that the officer lias been guilty of default. What
means of protection have they, what mode of
escaping ruin have they, but to give notice to the
Government of that default, and thus protect them-
selves from further loss? My friend from New
York [Mr. Roscoe Conkling] says that the Gov-
ernment are not bound to take heed of such no-
tice. Upon that point I take issue with him,and
say that when the Government has ascertained
from the sureties on the bond of a public officer
that he has been a defaulter, they are bound to
take notice of that fact; they are bound for their
fidelity in the administration of their trust; they
are bound also in fairness and honesty to the sure-
ties on the bond, in fair dealing as between man
and man; otherwise—because we know these
changes arc often very sudden—a man giving
bond for the faithful performance of the duties
of a public officer might be ruined, although he
had the best evidence of the honesty and integ-
rity of that officer when he entered upon the dis-
charge of his trust. The theory of my friend
from New York goes thus far: that although a
default has been discovered and the dishonesty of
the officer brought to the notice of the Govern-
ment, they have a right to continue to trust in
his hands money of the Government, although
knowing of the existence of the previous default,
and can call upon the sureties to respond for the
default of that officer which was perfectly well
known to the Government when the money was
intrusted to his hands. Now, 1 say that the Gov-
ernment is represented in this matter by the De-
partments that have the superintendence of these
officers, and that when the fact of the dishonesty
of this man was brought home to the knowledge
of the Government, they were bound in equity and
good faith to these sureties immediately to remove
the party from office or to require him to give new
bonds.
Now, we have in confirmation of these facts
what I think I may say ought to be the best evi-
dence to the House. We have the certificate of
the judge of the United States court who tried this
cause that there was no moral obliquity on the
part of these sureties, but that these facts were
fully brought home to the knowledge of the Gov-
ernment, and that this money was inti usted to the
principal after the facts were so brought home to
its knowledge.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will allow
me to remind him also that the same judge, in
making up the statement of the case, says that
these men are entitled to equitable relief.
Mr. THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I thank my
friend from Ohio for the suggestion. I was going
to add that. The judge, in view of all the facts—
and no man could judge so well of those facts as
he who presided at the trial—while he felt that
there was no strict legal defense for these sureties,
yet certifies that, as a matter of moral equity, they
are entitled to the relief of Congress.
Now, if these be the facts, why are these par-
ties not entitled to relief? Your Government in-
trusted this money into the hands of this officer
knowing that he was a defaulter, and now it is
claimed that the sureties, who knew he was a de-
faulter and icmonstrated against trusting this
money into his hands, are to suffer the loss and
not the Government. I think if ever there was a
perfectly fair and equitable claim presented to
Congress, it is the claim of the sureties on this
bond.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish to say to
the House that while it has been intimated by
some gentleman that there is no precedent for this
measure, they will find that there have been re-
peated instances and precedents where relief has
been granted in similar cases and upon precisely
the same principle. I refer to one ease from Phila-
delphia, where a surety had been compelled, or
was about to be compelled, to pay the amount of
about five thousand dollars for the escape of a
prisoner. It was shown to this House and to the
Senate that the party had done all in his power to
reclaim the prisoner, that he had acted in perfect
good faith, and had expended considerable money
to retake the prisoner; and when that fact was es-
tablished he was released from his bond. I will say
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Roscoe
Conkling,] that in the Fowler case, to which he
has referred, the court in New York held that pre-
cisely such a notice as has been given in this case
was a legal bar to the prosecution of the securities.
Fowler's securities were shielded from the pay-
ment of the bond they had entered into because
the Government had been notified of the derelic-
tion of duty on the part of their officer in New
York, and the Government never brought that
case to the Supreme Court of the United States,
but acquiesced in the decision of the court in New
York. That is my recollection of the case.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. Putting my rec-
ollection, simply, against that of the gentleman
from Illinois, I say that he is entirely incorrect
in the statement which he makes. The point
pleaded in the Fowler ease, and the point to which
the proof was directed, was this, as I remember:
that Fowler, anterior to the time when the bond
was given, and when these sureties first became
obliged, was insolvent, as a defaulter, by reason
of official fraud, and that the Government knew
it. That was the point made there, a point—as
the gentleman will see—entirely "different from
this.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. And the gentle-
man will see that after the Government knew that
Fowler was a defaulter, the'y continued him in
office, and permitted him to receive money in the
post office at New York.
Mr. ROSCOE CONKLING. The Govern-
ment knew what the sureties did not know, to
wit: that Fowler was then a defaulter, was then
corrupt in his place, and the Government allowed
the sureties to proceed in ignorance of that fact. It
allowed them to become his bail, in their own
wrong. The sureties, standing entirely clean in
the transaction, had-all the equities with them.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The Government
knew that Fowler was a defaulter, and the securi-
ties did not know it. Now, how is this case?
Here the Government knew that Pine was a de-
faulter; the securities knew it. When they found
it out, they urged that no more money should be
placed in his hands. But the Government, in
spite of all, put money in his hands to be squan-
dered. It was squandered, in defiance of the ef-
forts of the sureties to save the Government from
a dishonest and defaulting officer. And now the
Government seeks to adopt the very policy and
morality of the gentleman in forcing the money
out of the hands uf these securities. That is the
very policy which the gentleman advocates when
he says that when a man becomes security for the
Government, no matter how much he may notify
the Government, he is not to be absolved from his
bond. On that very code of morality the Admin-
istration of James Buchanan did act in this mat-
ter. Having got the security, having the bonds,
they permitted a dishonest man to squander the
| Government money, merely because there was a
j legal obligation on the paitof the securities to
j pay. Now, I say it is not good morality in the
j Government to insist on the payment of money
I that has been lost to the security by the action of
j the Government in puffing money in the hands of
i a defaulting officer. I am clear in the belief that
! the securities have acted like honorable men, m
j good faith to the Government. My judgment is
I convinced that through the wiongiul act of the
i Government these sureties should not be made to
j suffer. The court which tried the case has de-
clared that justice, equity, ancT fair dealing demand
that the legislative branch of the Government
should grant that relief which the court would
have given if it had had the power. I believe there
are numerous precedents for this—cases where
Congress has given relief—and I believe it will
also give the relief that is asked in this case. I
now move the previous question.
Mr. RIDDLE. I raise the question of order
that this bill appropriates money, and should be
referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the bill does appropriate any money;
but even if it did, it has been already considered,
and it is now too late to raise the point of order.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. Is a motion to refer
to a Committee of the Whole House in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, daring the pend-
ency of the previous question. -C
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move that the bill
be laid upon the table.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it-was decided in
the negative—yeas 42, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Beaman, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, CiarJc,
Fiedenck A. Conkling, lloscoe Conkling, Davis, Edwards,
Fisher, Frank, Harding, Ilohnan, Hutch ins, Julian, Kellcy,
Lovejoy, Low, McPheison, Anson P. Morrill, Justin S.
Morrill, Nixon, Patton, Pike, Pomeroy, Poiter, Potter,
John II. Rice, Riddle, Edward II. Rollins, Saigcnt, Sedg-
wick, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sloan, Stiles, Trimble,Tiow-
brulge, Van Valkenburgh, Verree, Wall, Wallace, and "
Worcester—42.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Bingham, William G.
Drown, Buffinton, Burnham, Calvert, Casey, Chambeilain,
Clement?, Cobb, Cox, Cnsfield, Cutler, Dunfap, Edgerton,
Eliot, Ely, English, Samuel C. Fessenden, Thomas A. D.
Fes^enden, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grider, Haight,
Hall, Harrison, Ilorton, Johnson, Francis W. Kellogg, Wil-
liam Kcllotrc, Knapp, Lansing, Law, Lazear, Lehman,
McKcan, McKnight, Mallory, Maynard, Menzies, Moor-
head, Mmris, Noble, Nocli, Norton, Pendleton, Perry,
Piicc, Richardson, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Smith,
John B. Steele, Benjamin F. Thoina«, Francis Thomas?,
Voorhees, Wad«iworth, Ward, Albert S. White, Chilton A.
White, Wickliffe, Wilson, Woodruff, and Wright—66.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr*. LAZEAR stated that Mr. Baily was de-
tained from the House in consequence of sickness.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, stated that his
colleagues, Messrs. "Walton and Baxter, were
confined to their rooms by severe indisposition.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the bill was engrossed, and read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 65, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Ancona, Baker, Bing.
ham, William G. Brown, Buftmton. Burnham, Calvert,
Casey, Chamberlain, Clements, Cobb, Cusfield, Cutler,
Delano, Dunlap, Edgciton, Eliot, Ely, Enshsh, Samuel C.
Fessonden, Thomas A. D. Fessenden, Gooch, Goodwin,
Granger, Grider, Ilaight, Hale, Johnson, Francis W. Kel-
logg, William Kcllogff, Knapp. Law, Lazear, Lehman,
Mailorv, Maynard, Mitchell, Moorhead, Morris, Noble,
Noel!, Norton, Pendleton, Price, Richardson, Robinson,
James S. Rollins, Segar, Sheffield, Smith, John B. Steele,
Benjamin F. Thomas, Vallandigham, Voorhee , Wads-
worth, Walker, Waul, Albert S. White, Chilton A. White,
Wickliffe, Woodruff, Wright, and Yeaman—G5.
NAYS— Mesers. Ashley, Beaman, Samuel S. Blair,
Blake, Ciaik, Frederick A. Conkling, Ro>eoe Conkling,
Edwards Frank, Harding, Harrison, Ilohnan, Ilutchins,
Kelley, Lovejoy, Low, MeKean, McPheifon, Anson P.
Monill, Jus-tin S. Morull, Nixon, Patton, Pike, Pomeroy,
Potter, Potter, John II. Rice, Iliddie. Edward II. Rollins,
Sargent, Sedgwick, Shanks, Shellabaiger, Sloan, Stiles,
Tumble, Trowbudge, Van Valkenburgh, Verree, Wall,
Wallace, Wilson, Wintfom, and Worcester—44.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HOLMAN stated that Messrs. Wash*
bcrne, Steele, of New Jersey, Fenton, Dawes,
and Van Wyck, were necessarily absent from the
House, attending to the duties of the committee
on Government contracts.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate in-
sisted on its disagreement to the amendments of
the House to the Senate amendments to the bill
concerning judgments in certain suits brought by
the United States, agreed to the committee of con-
ference asked for by the House, and had appointed
Messrs. Fessenden,Collamer, and Henderson,
a committee on the part of the Senate.
And then, on motion of Mr. F. A. CONK-
LING, (at three o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
