ne
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 18, 1862.
Prayerby the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mf- LATHAM presented a memorial of citi-
zens of the counties of Solona mid Napa, in the
State of California, who have purchased the lands
of theRancho Soscol, praying that the title may
be confirmed to the assignees of General M. G.
Vallejo; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, for the passage of a general bank-
rupt law; which was ordered to He on the table.
Mr. HALE presented additional papers in re-
* lation to the claim of Albert Brown; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWARD presented a memorial of Cul-
ver & Hall, and other citizens of Michigan en-
gaged in the basiness of manufacturing and refin-
ing petroleum oil, praying for the reduction of
duties on the crude article imported from foreign
countries; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL presented the petition of Wil-
liam S. Grant, praying for remuneration for prop-
erty destroyed by the United States Army in Ari-
zona; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. '
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a commu-
nication from the President of the United States,
transmitting a copy of a dispatch H> the Secretary
of State from Mr. Adams, minister of the United
States at London, and a copy of the correspond-
ence accompanying it, relative to certain valua-
ble publications presented to the Library of Con-
gress; which was referred to the Committee 011
the Library.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. No. Ill) explanatory of the
eighth section of the act entitled "A11 act making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1862," reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of A. Watson, pray-
ing for the establishment of a United States Resi-
dence Registry at Washington, asked to bo dis-
charged from its further consideration; winch was
agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred the memorial of Charles Anderson, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
427) for the relief or Charles Anderson, assignee
of John James, of Texas ; which was read, and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
VESSELS FOR THE BANKS EXPEDITION.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of War be directed to in-
form the Senate of whom ttie transpoit vessels Thames and
Niagara were chartered Tor the lJankh expedition ; by what
agent or agents of thcWar Department u eve thoy ciiaiteroi] ;
and at what price and for wliatpenod «f tune and that he
also leport to ttie Senate by what officers or agents the sea-
worthiness of .said vetaeis wa* examined and reported upon.
REMOVAL OF GENERALSAXTON.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution, and asked for its immediate consideration:
Resohal, That tile President of the LTmted Status lie re
queried. if not incompatible with the public altered, to
communicate to 111'' Senate any mlbunatiou in hi.- posses-
sion showing why Geneial Saxton has been removed fiom
Ills command at iliiton Head.
Mr. POWELL objected to the present consider-
ation of the resolution, and it was laid over under
the rule.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A-mesinge from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheridge, its Clerk, announced that the'
House had passed a resolution requesting the Sen-
ate to return to the House of Representatives the
bill of the Senate (No. 407) to fix the terms of the
circuit court in the district of Wisconsin, which
was passed by the House on the 17th instant.
On motion of Mr. POSTER, the request of the
House of Representatives was complied with.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled billand jointresolution; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (H. R. No. 598) to adjust appropriations
heretofore made for the civil service of the Navy
Department to the present organization of that
Department; and t
A joint resolution (S. No. 108) for increasing
tlje bond of the Superintendent of Public Printing.
BATTLE AT FREDERICKSBURG.
Mr. WILKINSON. I offer the following res-
olution, and I ask for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the committee on the conduct of the war
be, and they are hereby, directed to inquire into the facts
relating to the reccnt battle at Fredericksbuig, Virginia,
and particularly as to what officer or officers are responsible
for the assault winch was made upon the enemy's works,
and also the delay which occurred in preparing to meet the
enemy.
Mr. CARLILE. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is objected to,
and lies over under the rule.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Let it be
read again.
Mr. CARLILE. I withdraw the objection, at
the suggestion of others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia withdraws his objection, and if there be
no objection the question will be on agreeing to
the resolution.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts asks that it be read again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be again
read.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. HALE. I move that there be added," with
power to send for persons and papers."
Several Senators. They have that power
already.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will suggest also that
the committee icport the result of their investiga-
tions to the Senate.
Mr. WILKINSON. I accept that amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have already, passed
a resolution requiring them to report.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 would prefer having it
here. This is a special examination.
Mr. WILKINSON. I accept the amendment
suggested by the Senator from California.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota accepts that modification of his resolu-
tion. The question is on agreeing to the resolu-
tion, as modified.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
DISCHARGE OF DISABLED SOLDIERS.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the morn-
ing business has been acted upon, 1 desire to <= all
up a bill for consideration now. [ move to take
up the bill (S. No. 420) to facilitate the discharge
of disabled soldiers from the Army,and the inspec-
tion of convalescent camps and hospitals.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill wns read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. Itproposes to add to the present medi-
cal corps of the Army two medical inspectm-gener-
ttls and eight mcdica! inspectors, to be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, by selection from the medicai
corps ofthe Aimy, orfrom thesuigeons in the vol-
teer service, without regard to then- rank when so
selected, but with sole regard to qualifications, and
who are to have the rank, pay, and emoluments
now authorized by law to Oiticers of those grades.
The second section provides that the officers
of the medical inspector's department shall be
chargcd, in addition to the duties now assigned
to them by existing laws, with the duty of mak-
ing regular and fiequent inspections of all military
general hospitals and convalescent camps, and
they are, upon each inspection, to designate to the
surgeon in charge of such hospitals or camps all
soldiers who may be, in their opinion, fit subjects
for discharge from the service on surgeon's cer-
tificate of disability, or sufficiently recovered to
be returned to their regiments forduty. And the
medical inspecting officers are to be empowered,
under such regulations as may be hereafter estab-
lished, to direct the return to duty, or the dis-
charge from the service, as the case may be, of
all soldiers designated by them.
Mr. HALE. I do not know that I shall suc-
ceed in this amendment; but I move, in the sev-
enth and eighth lines of the, first section, to strike
out the woids, "by selection from the medical
corps of the Army, or from the surgeons in the
volunteer service," leaving the President at lib-
erty to appoint the men who can do the duty best,
find them where he m.ay.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the bill by
adding as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That all three years or during
the war" volunteers raised or enlisted by the order or under
the authority of the Secretary of War be entitled to the
bounty now authorized to be paid to voluntecis lai&ed or
recruited by the States under existing laws.
| T will explain in a word what the purpose of
I this amendment is. The law, as it now stands,
J declares that all persons enlisted into the service
j of the United States for three years or during tho
! war, who are between the ages of eighteen and
forty-five, shall be entitled to a bounty of £100.
Under authority granted by the Secretary of War
to the Governor of the State of Iowa, the Gov-
ernor proceeded to raise a regimentthat is known
in that State as Gray Beards. They are men just
past the age of forty-five years, but arc conceded
to be as competent to do military duty as any
others, and are now in the service; I think, per-
forming garrison duty at St. Louis. Under the
construction that is given to the law at the War
Departpient, when the attention of the Depart-
ment was specially called to it, after the regiment
had been raised and mustered into the service, and
furnished with their clothing and with their arms,
the members composing the regiment are not en-
titled to their bounty. They were therefore com-
pelled to leave their homes, leave their families,
in many instances, in a somewhat destitute con-
dition, without receiving the bounty they had
expected, and which had been paid under like cir-
cumstances to soldiers who happened to be below
the age of forty-five years. The purpose of this
amendment is merely to put these soldiers on an
equality with all others who are below the age of
forty-five, and who are not doing any other duty
than these men can perform.
|j Mr, FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
|j all this is well enough; but I think it is very dan-
|j gerous to legislate in this way, and, upon bills re-
It lating to other subjects, to be putting on provisions
II to meet special cases; and this has never been to
a committee to be examined. If any provision
of this kind should be made for the purpose of
mcctingcascsof this description,in my judgment,
it should be worded differently, so as to distinctly
express its object. The amendment is general
in its terms; we do not know how much it may
cover, or how much it may be construed to cover.
If the Senator desires to accomplish a particular
purpose in regard to persons over forty-five years
of age, and who may be in the service, and would
be entitled to the bounty but for that fact, and who
have every other requisite, it should be so ex-
pressed.
Now, sir, when we come to legislate on matters
affecting the Treasury, and which may cover im-
mense sums when they are only intended to cover
comparatively small sums, I think the proposi-
tions oiight to be worded very carefully, and we
ought to understand fully and distinctly how far
they go; and especially is it improper, in my judg-
ment, that a provision of this sort, winch may have
a much wider application than the honorable Sen-
ator intends it should have, should be passed with-
out undergoing the examination of a committee.
As the Senator has explained it, allow me to say,
as applicable to a particular regiment of efficient
men, who have only the pointabout them of being
over forty-five years of age, I think it but just
that they should receive the bounty; but I ask
him, as 1 do all other gentlemen, to.be careful and
have these things properly investigated, and be
sure that they do not extend beyond what the
original ob ject is, and that they be examined by
a committee first. I say this, because last session
we found ourselves in extreme difficulty resulting1
from an attempt to legislate for a particular case,
where we had every assurance—I had, before I
