1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18.
can act no more without a new power. But it may be re-
vived by a vote, and the same matter recommitted to it.''
The Chair thinks that the point of order is not
well taken.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM called for the yens
and nays on the motion to refer.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 51; as follows:
YEAS—Messr*. Aldrich, Alloy, Arnold, Babbitt, Raker,
Baxter, Bosnian, Bingham. Jacob B. Blair. Blake, tYilhnin
G. Brown, Buffiutou, Chamberlain, Clements Coltax, Fred-
erick A. Conkliug, Cutlci, Dawes, Edgeiton, Edward*,
Eliot, Ely, Fenton, Samuel C. Fessenden, Thomas A. D.
Fessenden,Franchot, Goodwin. Gurley, liahn, Hale, Hick-
man, Horton, Hutelnns, Julian, Keliey? Fiancis W. Kel-
logg, Kdlinger, Leary, Lehman, Loonu<, Low, MeKean,
Mitchell, Mom head, Nixon, Noeli, ration, Timothy G.
Phelps, Pike, Pometoy, Porter, Potter, Alexander II. Rice,'
John H. Itice, Riddle, Ed waul II. Rollins, Sargent, Sedg-
wick, Shanks?, Sheffield, Shellahaiger, Sherman, Sloan,
Spanlding, Stevens, Francis Thomas. Tumble, Trow-
bridge, Van Horn, Van Valkenbtirgh, Van Wyek, Veru'e,
Walker, Wallace, Walton, Washburne, Wheeler, Albeit
8. White, Wilson, Windoin, and YVoicester—-81.
NAYS-— Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Baily, Biddle, Oalveit, Conway, Cox, Ciavens, Cus-
field, Outtendcn, Dunn, (iiangei, Cutler, Hall, Harding,
Harrison, Holmati. Johnson, William Kellogg, Keirigan,
Knapp, Law, La^ar, ."\ialloiy, May, Menzies, .Won Is,
Noble, Norton, Nuje > Pendleton, l'errv, Price, Robinson,
Segar, Shiel, Smith,  'o.m B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stiles, Benjamin F. Thomas, Vallandigham, Vooiheesj
VVndswoith, YVeb>tcr, ChiJton A. White, Wickliffe,Wood-
ruff, Wright, and Yeaman—.*>1.
So the bill was recommitted to the select com-
mittee on emancipation,
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KANSAS INDIANS.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 413) providing for the extinction of
the Indian titles to (and in Kansas, for the removal
of the Indians of said State, and for procuring them
homes elsewhere.
The bill was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian AfTaus,and
ordered to be printed.
PRINTING PRESIDENT^ MESSAGE.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table was
joint resolution S. No. 127, to expedite the print-
ing of the President's message and accompany-
ing documents.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Printing.
C0MMITT10E ISXVEJiSES.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table was
the Senate joint resolution to amend the joint reso-
lution for the paymentof the expenses of the joint
com mi t tee of Omi^rcss appointed to inquire into the
conduct of the war, appiov^d 37th of January,
1862.
The joint resolution provides that the expenses
allowed by the joint committee for witnesses, or
for persons in its service, or for per diem and trav-
eling or other necessary expenses, paid by the
Secretary of the Senate in pursuance of the order
of the joint committee, shall be accordingly eied-
ited and allowed by the accounting officers of the
Treasury Department.
The joint resolution received its several read-
ings, and was passed.
ISAAC It. MLLEU.
The nextbill taken fiom the Speakei *s table was
an act (S. No. 356) for the relief of Isaac R. Diiler.
The bill wan read a fust and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foieign Affairs. !
REMISSION* OF PENALTIES. j
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was an net (S. No. 440") concerning pardons and |
the remission of penalties and fotfeitures in crim- '
inal cases. ;
The bill declares, for the purpose of removing '
all doubts on the subject, that the President shall j
have full discretionary power to pardon or remit 1
either one or both penalties of imprisonment and 1
fine imposed in United States court*-. j
The mil received its several readings, and was j
passed. ;
Mr. HICKMAN moved to reconsider the vote j
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to ■
lay the motion to reconsider on the table, ;
The latter motion was agreed to, I
VACANCIES IN EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENTS.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 4G8) temporarily to supply
vacancies in the Executive Departments in certain
cases.
The bill provides that, in case of the death, resig-
nation, absence from the seat of Government, or
sickness of the head of any Executive Department
of the Government, or of any officer of either of
the Departments whose appointment is not in the
head thereof, whereby,they cannot perform the
duties of their respective offices, it shall be lawful
for the Piesident of the United States, in case he
shall think it. necessary, to authorize the head of
any other Executive Department, or other officer
in either of the Departments, whose appointment
is vested in the President, at his discretion, to
perform the duties of the respective offices until a
successor be appointed, or until such abstnee or
inability by sickness shall cease; piovided no one
vacancy shall be supplied in that manner for a
longer term than six months. The second section
repeals all acts or parts of acts inconsistent with
the provisions of this act.
The bill received its several readings, and was
passed.
UNITED STATES JURIES.
A bill (S. No. 481) relating to juries in the
courts of the United States.
The bill was read a first and second time. I*
provides that the number of grand and petty jur-
ors to be summoned m any judicial district, and
the mode of selecting such jurors, shall be fixed
and regulated as the Supreme Court of the United
States may from time to time prescribe; provided
th'' present modes of selecting such jurors shall
continue until the same shall be changed, pursuant
to the provisions of this act.
Mr.THOA'I AS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speak-
er, I do not know that I shall make any impres
sion by any remarks that I may submit in relation
to this hill, but I desire to call attention to U. I
enter my protest against it.
Mr. \VA>SHi!UUNE. Have it referred to the
Committee on (he Judiciary.
Mr. BINGHAM. It has been considered by
that committee.
Mr, THOMAS, of Massachusetts. I want to
state my objections to the bill. Itaut.hori7.es the
judges of the Supreme Court to control the mode
by which jurors shall be selected, summoned, and
impanncled. My opinion is *hut the jurors of
the United States couits, as of all other courts,
are independent of that tribunal; that they have
a clear and distinct right in all criminal cases to
determine the law as well as the fact, and that it
is in conflict with the policy heretofore on that
subject that the judges should have the selection
of jurors, 1 do not suppose that there are gentle-
men on the bench who would abuse this power
or exercise it wrongfully; but the true policy of
a wise legislature is to so make laws that they
cannot be abused. By the provisions of the Con-
stitution you have studiously guarded the rights
and independence of jurors; but under this bill
you intrust the whole powr to the juilires of these
courts. I say that it is in conflict with the policy
of the Govei nment.
Mr. PICNDLliTON. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. It
has never been referred to that committee, although
they have considered some of its provisions in-
formally.
Mr. lilNGfTAM. I beg leave to say that the
Committee on the Judiciary have considered that
bill as it came from the Senate,and that they have
declared in favor of its passage. It is true that
the bill was not formally referred. It provides
for the appointment of the jurors of the courts,
according1 to a mode to be prescribed by the Su-
picme Court. 1 suppose that theSupieme Court
will not adopt any system that will not insure
justice and he satisfactory to the people.
Mr. PENDLETON. It is true that the bill
was informally considered in the Committee on
th«> Judiciary; and it is true also, if 1 may be al-
!ow"d the remark without violating the rules of
the House, that it was opposed by a large minor-
ity. I think when a bill comes luue which changes
the whole system of calling jurors, winch, upsets
what has been the uniform practice .since the foun-
dation of the Government, that they shall be reg-
ulated by the laws of the Sta'es—I think, sir, wh  n
a bill of that kind, which upsets a system of that
kind, comes here, that its provisions ought to be
carefully considered, and that it ought not to pass
unless it meets with the unanimous consent of the
committee with which this House lias intrusted
the consideration of this subject.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. This bill was
informally before the Committee on the Judiciary
of this House. I say that the committee was
not full when it was considered; but I do not say
that the majority present, have not considered it.
My impression is that the committee was not
full when it was considered. It is my judgment,
before we should changc a system of selecting
jurors, that we should give it more consideration
than can be done in this huiried way. It is an
important question, and ought to tte dispassion-
ately discussed. I, for one, am opposed to chang-
ing the present system. 1 am opposed to giving
the Supreme Court the power, in all cases, civil
and criminal, to select the triers of those cases.
We ought to keep that court to the exercise of
functions clearly of a judicial character, and not
give them legislative functions to perform.
I am of the opinion that it is the duty which the
House owes the interests of the country to refer
tins bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, where
it may be examined, and a report submitted to the
House.
INDEMNIFICATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. It is now half past two
o'clock, and,according to the order of the House,
the House wilt resume the consideration of the
amendment of the Senate to House bill No. 591,
to indemnify the President and other persons for
suspending the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus, and acts done in pursuance thereof, on
which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voort-
iiees] is entitled to the floor.
The Cletk read the amendment of the Senate,
as follows:
That ifany iuit or pi execution, civil or ci iminal, has been
oi shall be commenced nt an\ estate eouit against anv officcr,
civil or mil n u y, m a.£jaiii<-t any other peit-on, foi any aricat
oi imprisonment made oi other tret-passe-; oi wiongs done
or commuted, or anv act omitted to be done, at any time
dining the present icbolhon, by vutue or under coloi of any
nuthoiit> derived fiom oi e\cicised by or under the Presi-
dent ot the United States, or any act of Congress, and the
defendant shall, at the tunc of entcung his appeaiance in
such court, or if such appearance '.hall have been entered
Ix'loie t he passage ot tins act, then at the next session of the
eouitin winch ^uch <uit or piosceution impending, file a
petition stating the. fact-< and vcnlied by afliduvittor the re-
moval of the euu^e for tnal at the next cncint couit of the
(Anted fcUate*, to be holden in the di-tuct wheic tho-suitis
pending, and offer good and sufficient ? uicty lor Ins tiling
in such couit, on the fn-t day ot us session, copies of such
places? and other pioceedmgs against him, and alitor his
appealing in such coinf and cnteung special bail in the
ean*>e, it'special bail \va-> ongip.ally requned thcicin, it
shall then be the dutv ot the State court to accept the surety
and pioceed notuitlier m the cause or ptosecutiou, and
the huit that shall have been ougmally taken shall be dta-
chaig<<d. And Mieb copies being filed a* atorej-aid m such
i couitoftho United States, the cause Miall proceed therein in
( the same mannei a-, it it had been (nought m said court by
ouginal pmee-<-, whatevei m ty be the amount in dispute or
j the damage? churned, oi whatever the citizenship of the par-
! tie-?, an> former law to the eontiary notwithstanding. And
! any attachment of the goods oi c?-tatc otihe defendant by the
| ouginal piocot--shall hold the good-* oi estate to attached
i to an.-\ver the final judgment in the >ann* mannei a--- by the
! Iavv< of such r-Ume tlicj would have been holden to answer
I final judgment had it been rendeo'd in the eouit in which
; tne suit oi piosecimon wa«? commenced. And it shall be
| lawful in anv such action oi pi orcein ion winch ma)' be now
j pending, or "iieiea.ter commenced, before any Stato couit
| whatevei, tor any eau^oafoiesaid. alter final judgment, for
i cither paity to icinove and transfer, by appeal, sn h ca-^e
| dining th<- session oi teim ofsnid com t at which the vune
| tiiall have taken place, ftoni such loutt to the ne.M etieuit
eonit of the fTinted Stntes to be held in the di^tuct in
! wlueh Mich app'-ai shall be taken, in mariner afrucsaid.
, And it shall be the duty ot the peison taking such appeal
I to produc and fth1 in the ^-nid menu court attested copies
■ of the ptoce-«. pioceeding-, and judgment in such cause ;
, and its-hail r.Ko be competent for either paitv, within six
mouth** niter the lendiuon of a judgment in any such eaiisc,
In win of ei ror or otiin p: neeix, to remove the to the
circuit court oi the United States of that di^tuet in which
such judgment Mini! have ween rendered ; and the said cir-
cuit court shall tbeicun'Mi ptoci-ed totiv and determine the
facts and the law in °uch action, in the vnne manner as if
the same had been there originally commenced, the judg-
ment its such ca -e notwithstanding. And imy bail wmch
may have been taken, oi propeiU attached, --hall beholden
on the final judgment of the said cncuit eonit in Mich ac-
tion, in tij'j.-arn -mann^ras if no ciicluemoval and transfer
had been made, as atortsaid. And the .State couit from
winch any such action, emi or ctinnnal, may be removed
and transferred as at'oie-aid, upon the paities giving good
and MUTieient seemm toi the prosecution thereof, shall
allow the same to bo t <.'moved and transferred, and pioccej
nolintherin theca^e: Provided* however, Thatif' the party
aforesaid shall fail duly to enter the removal and tiansfer,
as aforesaid, In the ciicmt court of the United State, agree-
