120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
duty generally to inquire into the sanitary condi-
tion of all troops and all the hospitals, to inspect
them, and to report; and it is their duty, further,
to discharge men*, and it seems to me that the law
as it stands is broader than this bill, except in one
particular. There is a provision in this bill which
is not in the law as it now stands, and that is the
clause which gives authority to these medical in-
spectors to direct the return to duty of soldiers
designated by them. However, I submit to the
chairman of the committee. I have no objection
to the section, if he thinks the present law does
not embrace the features which are incorporated
into this second section. It seemed to me that it
did; but if not, I shall not object to it.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetis. I do not think
the law, as it now stands, goes quite so far as is
desirable, and therefore we propose this section.
Senators will reflect upon one thing, that wc have
now at this time about sixty thousand men in the
hospitals of the country, and that we have in our
convalescent camps perhaps twenty-five or thirty
thousand more, and that the work of examining
those men is a great work, requiring immense la-
bor. We gave the inspectors the po wer to exam-
ine the camps and hospitals, to report on their
sanitary condition, and to discharge such persons
as they saw proper to discharge. This bill not
only authorizes them to do ail that the law now
provides, but requires them to make regular and
frequent examinations. I was for inserting in this
bill at first a provision requiring them to make
monthly examinations; but it was thought that it
might be difficult in some cases—in some distant
hospital, perhaps—to comply with it as often as
that, and it might be thought necessary to make
examinations two or three times a month in some
of our larger hospitals, where we have a great
number of men coming in, and therefore we in-
serted the words " regular and frequent inspec-
tion." Then we enlarge it, I think, in another
way. The labor of making out the papers for
these discharges is a great work, and therefore wc
authorize the inspectors to designate the persons to
be discharged to the surgeons of the hospitals. An
inspector goes into a hospital where there are sev-
eral hundred men; he makes an inspection of the
hospital; he examines the men, and he dirccts the
surgeon having charge of that hospital, and who
has under him perhaps, in many cases, several
other surgeons, to do this work—to discharge the
men, or to send them to the camp. He then goes
to another hospital, and goes through the same
process. I think the second scction of this bill
will enable one of these inspectors to perform
more labor; that is, lie can carry out the intention
of the law more fully than he cun under the exist-
ing law; and that is why we give him authority
to direct the surgeons to discharge these persons.
Take, for instance, this convalescent camp to
which the Senator from New Hampshire has re-
ferred. I visited that camp the other day. I
learned that there were some ten or twelve doctors
employed by the medical department. We are
employing at tins time about fifteen hundred per-
sons in the medical service who are not Army
surgeons. I suppose we have to-day as surgeons
in the military service of the United States not less
than five thousand men, and of this number we
have in employment fifteen hundred men taken
from civil life, and nearly all the medical men at
the convalescent camps are persons who are not
surgeons in the service, but outside persons em-
ployed. On representations of the condition of
that camp, they sent down the next day after I
visited ittwelve surgeons to make examinations;
and still, with all these surgeons there, you have
fourteen thousand men then;, and you have sick
men there by the hundreds who ought to be dis-
charged, and promptly discharged, and you have
hundreds, 1 may say thousands, of men there
who ought to be sent to their commands; but
there they are supported by tins Government.
Mr. FESSEINDEN. Why are they not sent?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. That is the
question. I do not know any reason for it other
than this, that, like everything else connected with
this war, there is ^n immense deal to do, and while !
there are many very faithful and honest men, who
toil day and night, as we all know, in the perform-
ance of their duty, there are a great many other
person** who do notseem to have any sense of pub-
lic duty. I think the great trouble in our country
at this day is the want of a sense of public duty,
which pervades, I think, various departments of
this Government. I think what has been said by
the Senator from New Hampshire is in some cases
true, that while we have many surgeons who are
toiling night and day with great fidelity, we have
others who seem to care very little for the men;
who have but little humanity or regard for the
great interests of the country. It will not do to au-
thorize all these surgeons to discharge men. The
Government has used its influence to arrest that in
many eases. It has been ascertained that surgeons
have discharged men and received compensation
for it; that we have he^d dishonest surgeons 
Mr. COLLAMER. Compensation from the
men ?
_ Mr.WILSON, of Massachusetts. Compensa-
tion from the man or his friends,and this has been
carried on to a considerable extent. The Govern-
ment has arrested and made it more difficult to
make discharges in that respect, because men were
discharged who ought not to have been discharged.
The object of passing this bill is to increase the
number of the medical inspectors. They number
now eight or ten, appointed under the law of the
last session which has been read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Eight.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Wepropose
to double their force. These men are supposed to
be men selected for their capacity and their char-
acter, and who will be able to carry out more effi-
ciently the abject for which these laws were ori-
ginally made. The eight inspectors now employed
have done nothing in regard to discharging men.
Dr. Vollum told me that he had never discharged
a man; and the reason is, those men have all they
can do. The medical inspector general of the
Army, and these assistant inspectors, have all
they can do now to attend to the general examin-
ations of the hospitals, and to carry out the pro-
visions of the law now existing,without attending
to the examinations of the men for their discharge.
[• Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to ask the
Senator from Massachusetts this question before
he sits down: why confine these discharges to men
in the general hospitals? I do not know that I
understand what are meant by " general hospi-
tals."
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. There are
regimental and general hospitals.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Why should not the medi-
cal inspectors be permitted to discharge a man
from the service anywhere, when they find that
lie is disabled? "Why limit it? it is so in the law
as it now stands, and I see that that limitation is
continued in this bill: they are authorized to dis-
charge persons from the " military general hos-
pitals." If you give power to these officers to dis-
charge a man physically incapable of performing
a soldier's duty, v/hy not allow them to discharge
him wherever they find him, whether in ageneral
hospital or regimental hospital, or anywhere else ?
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. We have,
I suppose, twelve hundred regiments in the coun-
try; I know we have over eleven hundred, and
nearly every regiment has a regimental hospital
under the care of the surgeon of the regiment and
the assistant surgeons. When the men are very
sick tnev are sent to the general hospitals, as a
general rule. Sometimes the regiments are so
situated that the men cannot besentto general hos-
pitals; but all around the country, when it can be
done, they are sent to these general hospitals. We
have overone hundred and fifty general hospitals
and about sixty thousand men in them now. As
I understand, the number of men in them is di-
minishing; there are several thousand less in hos-
pital than there were a few months ago. The ob-
ject of this bill is to have these officers to attend
, to the general hospitals, and it is more than they
can do. I believe to-day, that instead of havin^
tnese ten men, we ought to have forty or fifty men
engaged in this business, and that it would be a
^ saving of money to the country if it were done;
I for I beliuve we have lost during the past year at
i least five million dollars that might have been
j saved, and have occasioned a great amount of suf-
j ieung and anxiety that could have been saved, if
i every man was promptly examined, and if he was
! curaole put in a general hospital; if he was sham-
! miiig, sent to his regiment;4 if diseased so that he
j could not render service to the country, discharged
■ from the service, ii he wanted to go or his friends
j wanted him to go home; if he wanted to remain
i m the hospitals, remain in the public service, I
would not thrust such a man out without giving
him a long trial to see if he could not be made con-
valescent. I think, sir, this is a small force, and
will occasion but a small expense to the country.
I think if they are good men and attend to their
business, they will relieve a vast amount of anx-
iety and misery, and save an immense amount of
expenditure to the country. The complaint is
everywhere that when our men are sent from the
regimental hospitals to the general hospitals, they
hardly ever get back to their regiments. I know
regiments from my State that have sent to hospi-
tals two or three hundred men and never received
back perhaps a dozen men. It is difficult to get
these men out of the hospitals. One cause of this
is from the great labor of the examinations; and
another cause is the disposition which I think ex-
ists in some quarters, to keep as many men as
possible in the hospitals.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am content that the bill should
pass if the chairman of the Military Committee
thinks that it is important that it should pass; but
I desire to warn him now that after it has passed,
and he has created this additional number of offi-
cers, there will be the same clamor on this subject
that there is to-day. The argument seems to be
that because we have got eight medical inspectors
who, on account of their incompetency or stu-
pidity, are unable or are unwilling, or do not for
some reason or other properly perform their du-
ties by discharging these disabled men, therefore
we will add to their number eight more. The prob-
ability is that we shall have ei^ht more equally
incompetent men. Now, the truth is that the
trouble is in the medical officers; the trouble is in
not-having a man who holds all his medical sub-
ordinates to a strict accountability. That is where
the difficulty is. You cannot accomplish your
purpose by legislation. I have had occasion to
go through these hospitals as well as my friend
from New Hampshire. I spent all of last Friday
in attempting to get a young soldier from his State
free, and, in order to acquaint myself thoroughly
with all the details, I went to the hospital and
found him; I got the original paper that was issued
there by the medical inspector or by the man who
acted under the inspector, and I followed it through
during the whole day from one office to another,
and I inquired wherever I went what was the ne-
cessity of this indorsement or that indorsement;
and although there was a good deal of " red tape"
about it, yet I could see very clearly that it was
necessary, in order that we should thoroughly
understand our records hereafter in the Adjutant
General's office and in the Medical Bureau and in
your Pension Office, that all of this red tape should
exist.
Now, sir, you will find that some of these med-
ical officers are gentlemen ; they receive you kindly,
they treat their patients kindly, they are anxious
to.have every man discharged and go to his friends
that ought to go; they are humane gentlemen.
Then, on the other hand, there are some of them
who arc mere brutes, and who will not answer
you a question civilly unless you tell them that
you are in influential position, and then fear alone
prompts them to give you the information tff&t
they ought to be willing to give to any gentleman
who would ask a civil question. If you have a
man at the head of your medical department who
will put the hand of power on such a man, turn
him out, and substitute a good man for him, then
you will have your Medical Bureau conducted
properly, and you will not do it in any other Way;
you cannot do it by legislation; you cannot do it
by increasing the number of incompetent men
you already have on your hands.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. One remark
of the Senator from Iowa, 1 think, renders it ne-
cessary that another word should be said. The
Senator speaks of the incompetency of the in-
spectors already appointed. I believe that the
eight gentlemen appointed are excellent men. 1
believe that they are competent men. In fact, I
think that the selections were very well made, and
I believe those officers are doing their duty wiih
great fidelity. But now let the Senator reflect a
single moment. We have nearly one hundred and
sixty general hospitals and convalescent camps
scattered over this broad land, over this entire
country, and we have eight medical inspectors to
visit them. The Senate will see that if they un-
dertook to visit them, they couid spend but a v  ry
few moments in the hospitals; they couidhaidly
