1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
give a day apiece, not more than two days apiece
to the hospitals. The idea of an inspector going
into a hospital of five or six hundred men, and
making a general examination according to the
provisions of the law, so that he can report its
condition, and then devoting himself to the per-
sonal examination of the men, cannot be carried
out. 11 cannot be clone; they have not that power;
they have not the time. That is the difficulty.
Mr. GRIMES. They can examine a thousand
men a day.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I think not.
Now, sir, we propose to increase that force. In-
stead of adding eight, I believe that we should
really gain if we added more; but I thought that
we would simply propose to double this foice;
we would try that, and if good officers are selected,
1 believe they can do good.
The Senator says that he finds in some of these
hospitals gentlemen who treat a man as a man.
That is true. He finds others who want to know
whether a man occupies a position before they
can treat him civilly. I suppose that is true also.
The fact is, that we employ, I think, from four to
five thousand surgeons in the service of the Uni-
ted States, and fifteen hundred of them are not
regular surgeons in the service, but men tempo-
rarily employed. The country has to take what
it can get. I am told that the examining board in
this city rejected every man that appeared before
that board for two weeks, for incompetency. The
best surgeons in the country, the ablest men, do
not ask these places, and, as a general thing, will
not take them. When the war broke out, a great
many of the first men of the country in the med-
ical profession rushed into the Army, carried there
by a sense of duty and by the enthusiasm of the
hour; but that day has gone by, and the best med-
ical men of the country cannot make the sacrifices
necessary to be made to go into the service; and
you have to take such medical men as you get,
and make the best of them. I believe some of
them ate utterly unworthy men—-men who care
nothing about the country, nothing about the men
intrusted to their charge, and whose simple object
is to " make a good thing" out of the existing
affairs of the country. Those men ought to be
looked to; they ought to be discharged. Many
of them have been discharged. I venture to say
thatseveral hundred men who have been employed
as surgeons have been dismissed from the service,
or got lid of in some way, for incompetency or
neglect of duty. But that is no reason why the
Congress of the United States should not adopt
the proper legislation, and try, as far as we can, to
have good laws on the subject, and to have the
abuses corrected, and the soldiers taken care of,
and every dollar saved that can be saved to the
Treasury of the United States, for we need both
men and monr-y.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President •
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itbecomestheduty,
of the Chair at one o'clock to call up the bank-
rupt bill, which was a special assignment for one
o'clock to-day.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I hope that
will be passed over for a short time, for the pur-
pose of disposing of this bill.
Mr. FOSTER. I am willing that it should be
laid aside, with the understanding that it shall be
taken up as soon as tins bill is through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there he no objec-
tion, then, the Chair v/iii hy it aside informally.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, we have
a corps of eight medi'.vl inspectors now, and over
them one medical inspector general. This bill
proposes to appoint eight more medical inspectors
and two medical inspector generals of supeiior
rank. I ask the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, what necessity there is for hav-
ing two more medical inspector generals:
^ Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suppose,
sir, the object is to make more efficient that force.
We want one tnan here, and another man peihaps
in the West,and one in anotherpartof theeountry,
for the more complete direction and control of th<-
hospitals. I will not insist upon the provision for
two medical inspector generals, and I am willing
to strike that out of Hie bill if the S-Mnuor does
not approve of their appointment. The Suigeon
General, in his annual report, recommended the
addition of two officers of that grade.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the lem-
edy for existing evils in the Army, during all the
last session, I found, was an increase of rank and
an increase of pay. It was absolutely necessary,
it was said, to the efficiency of the Army, that in
the different officers we should have a large in-
crease of rank, and consequently a large increase
of pay; it was particularly the case in the Adju-
tant General's'office. My friend, the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, told us that
for the efficiency of that office it was necessary
we should make them all colonels, lieutenant
colonels, and majors; that as captains they could
not accomplish the duties of their office; and we
made them so ; we took a= parcel of young fel-
lows, who probably for the next twenty years,
but for this state of things, would not get up to
captaincy even, and we made them colonels,
lieutenant colonels, and majors. I should like to
know of the Senator, as that was the remedy, if
the efficiency of the Adjutant General's office has
been increased or improved?
Mr. WILSON,of Massachusetts. I cannotsay.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator cannotsay.
Well, sir, that has been the remedy eternally m
all branches of the public service, every one of
them—of the military service I speak particu-
larly; but I believe the same is true of the naval
service, too, for there we have made admirals, rear
admirals, &c.
Mr. GRIMES. Only a few.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The number I am not
speaking of, but I am speaking of the increase of
rank and pay.
Mr. GRIMES. We have not increased pay in
the Navy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. Here this is
an absurdity on its face, and I am astonished that
my'friend from Massachusetts did not see it.
What possible reason in the world can be given
for a corps of sixteen men to be presided over by
three generals? My friend does not give any. He
says he supposes there is some reason for it, but
none can be stated. Now, sir, I undertake to say
that with any efficiency in the medical department,
there is no need*of having these additional officers
at all. Why cannot the Surgeon General, with
the power h'e has, designate at once surgeons of
the Army or of the volunteers to make an exam-
ination of these hospitals, and report what men
ought to be discharged at once, and what men
ought to be returned to their regiments? Is there
any necessity for an increase of rank, any neces-
sity for creating two colonels and eight lieutenant
colonels, to accomplish that purpose ? If my friend
is right in his statement in regard to the number
of men to be examined, and the number of hospi-
tals in the country, instead of having eight you
want one hundred, if you are going to improve it
in that way, if you are going to accomplish your
,object by appointing these high officers; because
it is perfectly obvious to the plainest capacity that
simply making eight medical inspectors and two
medical inspector generals does not accomplish
the purpose, or begin to accomplish it in any way.
They must rely on others, and they must work
through inferiors.
Now, sir, what is the reason that the medical
inspectors we have cannot accomplish the pur-
pose? My friend has stated it. I do not pretend
to know anything about it, except what he has
stated. He says that they are taken off for other
duties. "Why not assign those other duties to
fsomebody else? The Surgeon General has ample
power, if he chooses to exert it. If he will put his
department in ordcu—and I do riot know whether
it is m order or not, cxccpt as I hear the com- :
pktinU here, and these propositions made to in-
crease rank and increase pay—he has ample pow-
er. Why not designate men to do it, and the proper
men, and have these examinations made? Why :
not urs;p the thing, mid see to it? Sir,let me tell !
you wnat the difficulty must be; I reason from an- j
alosry. You have got one large army in the field ;
of one hundred and fifty thousand men. What !
have you got5 You have a dn ector general in the j
fust piece, a medical director general; then every !
corpt (t'arui'je has another director general; every j
corps another. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Maine ;
will allow me to suggest that the law, as it now i
is, requires that the certificate given by a medical |
inspector shall state on its face that it is founded !
on personal inspection of the soldier for his dis-
charge, so that, it is impossible to delegate the I
power. i
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then eight more ra^n,
are of no further use, because the number is not
sufficient. You must change the law by giving
additional powers; change it in that respect; put
this particular business into the hands of some -
particular branch, if you please, of the medical
department, and allow the power to be delegated,
if you please, requiring returns; because it is per-
fectly evident that sixteen men cannot make these
examinations in one hundred and fifty hospitals,
with sixty thousand men in those hospitals. It
is as manifest as any other truth. You cannot
reach it by simply adding eight men to the corps
of medical inspectors.
But let us get back to the Army. And what is
the state of things there? fori believe I am in-
formed on that subject somewhat. You have got
a director general; you have got a director for a
corps; you have got a director for a division; and
you have got a surgeon for a brigade; and then
you have regimental surgeons all the way down;
and what do they do? These things are crying
and glaring in the Army directly in the field, no
less than in the hospitals. Why, sir, the director
general of the Army issues his order in writing.
That goes to the director of the corps d'armec.
He issues his. That goes to the corps under him;
and the director of that corps issues his order to
the divisions. That goes to the divisions; and
the medical directors of divisions issue their orders
to the brigade surgeons. They go to the brigades,
and the brigade surgeons issue their orders to the
surgeons of regiments. The idea is, that when
the order is issued, and the order has gone through
the regular forms all the way down, it will exe-
cute itself. The difficulty is that the man at the
head does not make a personal examination, and
see that his subordinates do their duty. He is a
great man; he wears his epaulets, rides his horse,
issues his order, writes his order in his tent, and
there is about the end of it. It must be so, sir,
or else we should not have these complaints. I
tell you if you could find a directing mind any-
where in that corps with the necessary power to
do it, he could set it right, because he would see
personally that the thing was done.
I know perfectly well that there is no trouble
at the War Department in regard to turning out
an incompetent man, the moment you find that he
is an incompetentman, who will not do his duty;
but you cannot improve things by putting epau-
lets or shoulder straps on more men, and giving
others increased rank and pay. That is no way
to do it. I am tired of that mode of correcting
abuses in the Army. We had it all last session,
and we yielded to it in one case after another just
as it was called for; but we have accomplished
nothing; things are as bad to-day as they were
before, according to the accounts we get in the
Senate from my friend the chairman of the Mili-
tary Committee; and I take it that he knows.
Now, sir, what you have to do instead of making
more men of this high rank, instead of putting
epaulets on, or instead of taking the course sug-
gested by the Senator from New Hampshire, and
taking epaulets off a great many of these men,i.^
this: if these medical inspectors are directed to
make a personal examination, and itis foundj-hat
they cannot do it, give them the power to delegate
their authority, and to organize their corps; put
men under them, and let them do that. They are
paid enough. There is no trouble about that. A
brigade surgeon, if he is a good man, is compe-
tent to do this business, and he is just as compe-
tent, being called a surgeon in the Army,as he will
be after you call him a medical inspector general,
and probably a little more so, because he will not
be so great a man, and he will be more subject
to authority. I have no faith in this mode of
accomplishing the purpose, even if the Surgeon
General does recommend it, or if the Secretary
of War recommends it, for 1 have followed these
recommendations almost blindly, until I have seen
that they amount 10 just nothing at all but increas-
ing our expenses and raising the rank of officers.
What you want is order; what you want is vigi-
lance: what you wantis discipline; and you can-
not scot it by making more generalsand fewer pri-
vates, unless you get the right sort of men at the
head. It is only wasting the people's money to
attempt to improve things in the mode proposed
heft.
I Um>w nothing a'u'Ht' thus mat'er, but the state
of affairs x  evidently bad enough; the complaints
