122
THE- CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
December 18,
are so numerous and from all quarters that it is
impossible not to listen to them; but you have
got to make a different system; find out what de-
fects there are in the existing system, what pre-
vents these officers from doing their duty, and
reach that, and not fancy that you have remedied
evils simply by adding to the number of men, who,
under the present system, do not perform the
duty. Therefore, I hope that before we act on this
bill, we shall have more information, and look a
little more into the reason of the thing, instead
of passing it blindly on the recommendation of
the gentlemen at the head of these different bu-
reaus; for you do nothing except simply to give
a higher grade to a few gentlemen who may be
worthy enough, but who will not be a bit better
for the purpose after you call them colonels, than
they are now when you call them captains or
majors.
Mr. GRIMES. As I suppose this bill will per-
haps be laid over, with a view to enable the chair-
man of the committee to investigate it further, I
want to state a case that occurred within my own
knowledge, in order to direct the inquiries he may
make, to show that perhaps not all the blame rests
upon the medical bureau. A man came to me
about four weeks ago, a citizen of my State, one
of the judges elect of that State, telling me thathe
wished me to assist in procuring the discharge of
a son of his who had enlisted twelve months ago,
in November, 1861, in the twelfth regiment of in-
fantry. He was taken sick on the Chickahominy,
and sent to a place which I believe they call Ports-
mouth Grove, in Rhode Island. His father had
been up to see him. The surgeon admitted that
he ought to be discharged; but there was no de-
scriptive list, nocompany roll there to identify him
as belonging to any particular company or any
particular regiment. They had him there; he had
been sent there on a Government transport; but
they did not know to what regiment he belonged,
except from his own statement. The father came
here and applied to the Adjutant General's office,
and could find no record of him there. 1 went
with him to the Adjutant General's office, and we
instituted an inquiry. Wo could find no such
name as belonging to any regiment. I then wrote
a letter addressed to the Adjutant General of the
Army, asking him to state to me in reply whether
or not they had any knowledge of any such man
as belonging to this particular company or regi-
ment. He replied that they had no such inform-
ation, and that according to the records there
was no such man belonging to the Army. They
luul that man in the United States Army twelve
months; they have him in hospital now; and there
is 110 record in the Adjutant General's office to
show that he belongs to the United States Army.
Of course the surgeon was not to blame for not
discharging him, as I understand the regulations
and laws of the country.
I only allude to this, so that the Senator's mind
may be directed to defects, in this connection, in
another bureau of the War Department, as well as
in the Medical Bureau, and that the whole blame
in connection with thewantof discharge of these
soldiers shall not rest upon this bureau, when a
large_ portion of it, I apprehend, attaches to an-
other.
Mr. WILSON", of Massachusetts. The Senator
from Iowa calls attention to another difficulty. I
will say to that Senator that my mind has been
most painfully directed to it; but I do not know
that any legislation can cure that difficulty. It is
the duty of every commander of a company in the
service of the United States, whenever any man
is sent to a hospital, to have a descriptive list ac-
company him. That duty is not performed with
any fidelity. It is a very difficult thing always to
perform it.
Mr. GRIMES. In this ease there was no rec-
ord that the man had ever been enlisted.
Mi. WILSON of Massachusetts. There are
hundreds of men in our hospitals of whom the
medical officers have no descriptive lists, which
makes itdifficult to have the men discharged. I had
sent to me the other day, the names of over thirty
men in the convalescent camp, belonging to the
twenty-second regiment of Massachusetts, which
J raised, and the men thought thry would send
their names to me to see if they could not get an
eatly examination into their cases. There were
but two desci iptive lists in the lot. It may he that
some of the surgeons have these lists, and die
men do not know it. It may be that some of the
surgeons have sent for these lists, and that they
are in their hands, and have not made known to
the men the fact that they have their lists. But
there are thousands of men to-day in the hospi-
tals of the country who have no descriptive lists
to accompany them, and when those men are ex-
amined there is a difficulty about their pay, and
this results, to a great extent, from the ignorance
or the neglect of company officers. The Adju-
tant General's department have sent outover and
over again papers in regard to the duties of the
ofiicers, but many of them neglect theirduty;and
your paymasters will tell you how difficult they
find it to make up the records of some of the regi-
ments. Others are kept with the same regularity
that you would find accounts in a mercantile house,
or a good banking establishment, and the papers
of others are very imperfect. The papers must
comply with the laws of the country, in order
that men may be promptly examined, promptly
paid, and promptly discharged. That is the dif-
ficulty, and it is a difficulty that we cannot cor-
rect by any legislation that we can enact. I do
not see myself any correction that can be made
here. All that can be done is to press upon these
officers their duties, to hold them responsible for
the discharge of those duties; and in that I agree
with the Senator from Maine, that it is not so
much the want of law, the want of proper regu-
lations, as it is want of fidelity in the execution.
That is our great difficulty, and we have tried to
remedy it by legislation. In some cases we have
made improvements; in some cases, probably,
where we try to improve, we make but little prog-
ress.
But, sir, the Senator from Maine argues against
the increase of rank that has been made in the
Army of the United States. I know it is a very
ungracious thing to come into the Senate and
bring in a bill increasing the rank and compensa-
tion of any of the officets in the public service;
but that it was necessary to do it, that justice de-
manded it, that the efficiency of the public service
demanded it, I have not a doubt. I do not say
that in all cases where an increase of rank has
been made, the public service has been improved;
hut I believe that to be the case in most instances.
I believe that the legislation on that subject has
been in the main sound and judicious.
Wow, sir, a word in regard to this special in-
crease. Your surgeons of the Army have one
grade—they are majors in the service. Your med-
ical inspectors have another grade—they are lieu-
tenant colonels. Your inspector general has the
rank of a colonel; he is over the inspectors. Your
inspector general directs and controls the inspect-
ors in the various parts of the country, and I
understand that he is a very competent officer.
The Senator from Maine knows him better than
I do; he comes from his State; but he is said to
be a man of unquestioned ability. Suppose you
send a person to one of these hospitals as an in-
spector, who is simply a major, who has no rank
above the man who has charge of the hospital,
and who may be under that man, by the general
law of the country, what will be the consequence?
A surgeon older in commission may have the
control of a hospital, and you send to him a
man younger than he is in the service, to carry
out the provisions of this lav/, to speak by author-
ity, to direct, to examine, to question, to com-
mand. You want a man to go there with au-
thority to carry out the provisions of the law, anu
who will be able, when he is there, to command
the surgeons in that hospital; and it is their duty
to obey him and carry out his commands. Sup-
pose you suid there an officer who, when hegets
there, is by the geneial law of the country under
the control of the man who is there, he has nei-
ther authority nor respect. That is the reason
this board of inspectors were selected, not ac-
cording to their previous rank and ^rade, but
selected for their merit, and given special duties,
and have the power and control of the hospitals
of the country wherever they go; and they report
to the officer placed over them. I undeislandthat
to be the object. The present force of medical
inspectors is not sufficient to do the duties as-
signed them by the existing low, and especially
the duty which we want toliaxe more faithfully
executed of making these dis"harges; and there-
fore we propose to double the force. 1 believe
it is a very small matter of expense; and if the
intention is carried out, it must save a vast amount
of money to the Treasury of the United States,
and send home to their families many soldiers
who can never more serve their country, and
relieve a great deal of public anxiety.
Mr. NESMITH. I was in favor of this bill
when it was under consideration by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs; and I think the reasons
which have been offered to show the necessity
for its passage are very apparent; but I am op-
posed to the proposition of the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Foster,] who moves to strike out
the clause in the eleventh and twelfth lines of the
second section, which requires the discharges to
be made in conformity with regulations hereafter
to be established. If that clause be stricken out,
you not only make a great innovation upon what
has heretofore been the rule of the medical depart-
ment, but you destroy the efficiency and discipline
of it, I think, to that extent. If that clause be
stricken out, and the bill be passed in the shape
in which it will then stand, you appoint men to
go forth—irresponsible men—to discharge your
Army; and ehey will do it in a very few days, I
can assure you. In other words, you appoint
men to go forth and exercise arbitrary power with-
out any controlling discretion above them by the
Surgeon General or the proper heads of the medi-
cal department of the Army. You appoint a class
of men to go forth and say to the sick, "take up
thy bed and walk," without providing that there
shall be any record,any salutary rule or restraint,
adopted for the government of these men.
The case which the Senator from Iowa pre-
sented, of the man whose enlistment rolls or de-
scription rolls could not be found, is an illustra-
tion of a general complaint in the Army. I know,
sir, that it is very fashionable to talk about "red
tape," and to denounce the delays which accrue
by following the regular routine and system which
have been adopted, and which, in my judgment,
are the wisest that could be adopted, not only for
the benefit of the country, but for the benefit of
the soldier himself. We have adopted a salu-
tary system; one which, if carried out, shows
the time and place of every man's enlistment and
discharge, the duty that he has rendered while in
the service, and all about him. But if this clause
be stricken out, you abolish all that system; you
destroy all the records; you inflict a positive in-
jury on every soldier; you confuse the matter,
so that it will be impossible to determine the time
and place of enlistment, and the service rendered
by the soldier; and you cutoff his remedy in ob-
taining pensions and back pay. So far as these
evils do exist in relation to the want of proper
descriptive rolls and the proper certificates when
a man is sent to hospital, they result from a neg-
lect of what is provided for by existing laws
and regulations; and no legislation by this Con-
gress can remedy it, unless you establish some
rule for the punishment of officers who neglect to
discharge their duty. The regulations and the
law already require that when a man is sent from
a company, his descriptive list, with a statement
of his last payment and theamountdue him then,
shall go with him. If officers disregard these
rules and regulations, as they say, to strike down
a system of red tape, they do it at the sacrifice of
the rights and interests of the soldier. I am, there-
fore, opposed to striking out this provision, and
in favor of the bill as it was reported by the com-
mittee.
The necessity for the additional rank, I think,
has been made apparent. With the six or seven
thousand surgeons that we now have in the Army,
it is necessary that there should be some control-'
ling power, some one who has power to issue
orders and to compel obedience. Ids only an ex-
tension of the system which prevails through the
Aimy in its other departments, and I think it is
a salutary system. I do not believe that the med-
ical department of the Army have been any more
lax or any more deficient in the discharge of their
duties than the officers of the line, or the officers
of any other department of the Army. It is nat-
ural that abuses should grow up; it is natural that
duties should be disregaided and neglected in a
condition of affairs such as exists at the present
time, with an Army of almost a million men in
the field, and men placed in responsible positions,
the great majority of whom are entirely ignorant
of the duties and obligations which properly
devolve upon them. There are other instances
