1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
with eastern adulation at the footstool of power.
If these things tire to be borne, the hour for a
Cromwell has arrived, and these walls will never
again resound with the voice of liberty. Let the
lictorsad vance and bind us with cords and scourge
us in the open market-places as the unworthy suc-
cessors of a noblerand prouder race. Let the pil-
grim of future times visit notthis dishonored Hall,
but go and linger in the old and deserted one,
and draw inspiration from the glorious memories
which hover over it. The voices of the mighty
dead, in behalf of freedom of opinion, freedom of
speech, freedom of the press, and the supremacy
of the Constitution, yetseem to echo from its ven-
erable walls; and its place in the history of the
progress of liberty is as secure as the battle-field
of Bunker Hill,
Sir, am I to be told that there was cause for the
arrestand imprisonment of these gentlemen? Who
dares to say so? Why were they not tried for
their offenses, and, if guilty, punished? Why
will assort that the thousands who have been im-
prisoned without authority of law and discharged
without trial were criminals? If they were, a
double Infamy awaits the Executive and the agents
of his usurpations, for liberating upon society un~
f>rosecuted and unpunished offenders against the
aws. If they are the dangerous criminals which
they are daily described to be, then this Admin-
istration has corruptly compounded with felony,
and made itself a party to treason by refusing to
bring them to justice, even when the criminals
themselves protested against being liberated with-
out a trial. But, sir, I deny their guilt in every
instance; and in doing so, I plant myself on the
plain precepts of the laws of God and man. I
have but little indulgence for this constant as-
sumption ofguiltagainst citizens who have courted
trials, and whom you have not dared to try. The
presumptions are all in favor of innocence where
just laws prevail. They are in favor of guilt before
trial only in the minds of tyrants. But, whether
guilty or innocent, not one single provision of the
Constitution has at any time or place been com-
plied with in the treatment of citizens arrested by
Government officials.
In violation of the Constitution, American citi-
zens have been arrested for using the freedom of
speech.
In violation of the Constitution, their houses
have been forcibly entered.
In violation of the Constitution, their papers
have been searched.
In violation of the Constitution, their persons
have been seized with armed violence.
In violation of the Constitution, they have been
deprived of liberty without due process of law.
In violation of the Constitution, they have been
held to answer infamous accusations without pre-
sentment or indictment of a grand jury.
In violation of the Constitution, (hey have been
denied the right to a speedy and public trial by
an impartial jury.
In violation of the Constitution, they have been
carried out of the State and district in which their
offenses, if any, were committed.
In violation of the Constitution, they have been
kept in ignorance of the nature and cause of the
accusations against them.
In violation-of the Constitution, they have not
been confronted with the witnesses against them.
And, in most supreme and wicked violation of
the Constitution, they have been denied counsel
for their defense, anil informed, in all the inso-
lence of a fanatical disregard of every principle of
humanity as well as law—
"That tiie General Government will not recognize any
one as an attorney for political prisoners, ami will look with
distrust upon all application-, for n'lcasc through such chan-
nels; and that such applications will he rejj.mierl a® addi-
tional reasons lor declining to release such per&ons.'1
Sir, I challenge the worst ntyes of the most
profligate and corrupt despots for a more intoler-
able picture of personal outrage than is here pre-
sented. In prisons, in dungeons, in cells, in sol-
itude and desolation of heart, citizens of this free
country are threatened with increased punish-
ment if they resort to the only possible mode of J
approaching those in power to obtain inform- f
ation or trial with a view to liberty. Many new |
offenses, unknown to the Constitution and the
laws, have been created by the proclamation of
the Executive,and to these must be added that it
h a crime for an innocent man, overpowered by
unlawful force, and wearing away his life in pris-
on, to employ counsel to secure for him the bene-
fit of the laws of the land. Sir, posterity will hold
in remembrance the authors of these outrages—
the President and his Cabinet—in order to exe-
crate the prostitution which they have made of
their high offices to the overthrow of the Consti-
tution. When they retire from their exalted po-
sitions, and descend to the quiet walks of private
life, where the voice of partisan applause and
interested flattery will no longer reach their ears
and shut out truth from their consciences, let them
spend the evening of their days in pondering over
the wretchedness they have so needlessly and
wantonly caused. Let them recall the tears of
bitter grief, bereavement, and shame which they
have caused delicate and tender women to weep as
they implored their jailors in vain for relief against
outrages which the pen blushes to record. Let
them visit the mad-house, and listen to the shrieks
and cries of their inmates, as they pour forth their
waihngs from the shattered dome of thought, and
in that saddest sight which earth can present—a
mind in ruins—behold a portion of their handi-
work, which will accompany their names into
history. And if dreams come to them in their
slumbers, let them dream of the poor suicide, who
communed in solitude with his sad heart, until his
room became filled with shadows and impalpable
forms, which mocked his agony and despair, and
who, to escape fr.om his unlawful imprisonment,
launched his naked soul into the mysterious realms
of the infinite, and appeared for trial before a
compassionate God. Let them awaken to hear
the heart-broken sobs of the widow, and the piti-
ful lamentations of the fatherless. Let them make
some atonement for the grief they have inflicted by
looking into all the detailed horrors which their
system of infernal outrage has brought upon un-
offending men and women. I speak not in malice.
I wish evil to no man upon earth. I feel pain to
know that I inflict it. But if I could forbear to
speak with indignant emphasis on this subject,
I would feel that the bond of sympathy which
binds me to my suffering fellow-men had been
broken asunder. 1 would feel that my heart was
an outlaw from the sacred precepts of the divine
Nazarene, who pronounced the merciful blessed
becausc they showed mercy.
But it is said that this system of open disregard
of the Constitution, and the arrests which have
been made under it, have been necessary to the
stability and existence of the Government. All
the world knows that this is false. Neither in-
surrections nor invasions have taken place in the
loyal States of the Union. The courts of justice
have never for a moment been disturbed m the
discharge of their duties by any of the circum-
stanccs attending this civil war. Every function
in the machinery of government has been free to
act. Does this Administration distrust the entire
judiciary of the country, the clerks, the sheriffs,
and the juries? And in what way has the whole
body of the people shown that the safety of the
Republic requires that they should have a master?
Sir, I scorn to pursue this thought. I spurn from
me, at once and forever, this base, false, and dan-
gerous plea of necessity. What is there to Amer-
icans worth preserving, if the principles of liberty,
the doctrines of the Constitution, shall perish?
We hear much stormy declamation about the life
of the nation b<Mng in peril. His true. Hissadly
imperiled on ail sides. But does mere land and
water, mere extent of soil, constitute the life of
this nation? No,sir; immortal liberty is its life;
the soul which animates the body, and without
which the mere form of our Government will be
frcold and lifeless corpse. We are asked to make
war on this vital principle, and submit to its de-
duction, in oider to preserve the Union. You
might as welt ask me to drive the dagger into my
own^heart in order to preserve my life. I recog-
nize no such monstrous folly. The Constitution
is my country, and 1 have no country outside of
its provisions. When you require me to destroy
it, or consent to its destruction, in order to save
my country, you require a paradox which is the
natural ofFspitngof that unreasoning fanaticism
which shares so largely m the origin of our mel-
ancholy national disasters.
I will not stop here to denounce this argument
of necessity as the uniform plea of tyrants who
have sought to destroy liberty in all ages of the
world. The children in our schools arc familiar
with this truth. It has passed into a proverb, and
has the sanction of universal human experience.
But in close connection with this familiar house-
hold word of Star Chamber oppression, another
and kindred maxim of unlimited monarchy has
been thrust upon the country by the supporters
of the Administration now in power. Loyalty
has received a new definition. The doctrine of the
Tudors and the Stuarts has been revived, and
now once more struts forth in the habiliments of
royalty on the stage of men. A prominentcitizen
of my own State, occupying temporarily a high
official position, has announced that loyalty to
the Government no longer consists in obedience
to the laws, in support of the Constitution, and
in devotion to the flag, but in a blind, abject, un-
questioning, and unreasoning, obedience to the
measures of those who are in power. He fails to
perceive how an American citizen can be faithful
to his allegiance unless he concedes the principle
that the king can do no wrong. He has studied
this heresy, doubtless, in European courts, and
desires to transplant it to these shores. And if it
should bloom here, it would be as the deadly upaa
tree, under whose blighting shadow every green
and beautiful thing dies. All civil rights would
perish. The couits would stand adjourned to
meet no more. The scales of justice would be
broken and thrown away. The temple of Janus
would stand wide open, and war, the sport of kings
and the rum of the people, would waste the coun-
try forever. The sovereign voice of the masses
would be silent and stifled in their throats. It
would be dangerous to think, and children would
no longer be educated to enlighten their minds,
but simply to develop their muscles, with which,
as slaves, to work for the tax gatherer, or as glad-
iators to enter the arena of ambitious wars. The
prison-houses would overflow with all who dared
to remember that they were once free, and death,
in its most appalling aspects, would hold high car-
nival on the gibbet. And over all, and supreme
above all check, restraint, or responsibility, would
reign the sovereignty of one man.
Sir, need I ask whether the public mind of this
country is ready to receive calmly and submit to
the plain and inevitable consequences of such as-
tounding principles? Are American citizens ready
to surrender all, all, absolutely all that lenders
life a blessing and redeems their citizenship from
being a byword and a reproach ? 1 will not in-
sult the proud ancestry from which we sprang; I
will not mock the memory of the dead who have
died for liberty on both hemispheres; I will not
impeach the purity of the blood which flows in
American veins by reiterating this question. It
has been answered more than a thousand times al-
ready in council and in the field, by the great race
to which we belong, and the American people are
ready to answer it again. Our remote ancestors
beat down the walls of Rome and humbled the
pride of the world's mistress into the dust. They
broke the. Roman yoke which Caesar placed on
their necks, and turned and trampled to death the
nation which had penetrated their misty regions,
and awakened them to a sense of their power and
their destiny. Their descendants for two thou-
sand years, in all the wonderful vicissitudes of
history, have chafed under and resented and re-
sisted the insolent spirit of encroachment, inva*
sion, and usurpation against their civil and their
religious liberties. They have met the degiading
demands of executive tyranny at their thresh-
olds, in whatever forms they have been advanced.
Sir, this is the race of liberty. I solemnly and
earnestly commend the study of its glorious and
exalted history to those who are this day trifling
with the majestic principles of personal independ-
ence which it has secured to the world by its
wisdom and its blood. It has stood as the iron-
mailed champion of constitutional government; it
has borne the banners of the cross and planted
Christian civilization on every shore and beneath
every sky; it has poured the beams of the useful
sciences into the dark and waste places of th<
earth; it has carried the refinements of the arts u.
the savage forests, and caused the wilderness to
be transformed into the abode of learning and ge-
nius: it has thronged every ocean with commerce;
it has spoken the great emporiums of trade into
existence; it has defied every barrier of nature to
resist its adventurous spirit; it has played with
the fiery elements of the physical world, and used
them as obedient servants in the grand march of
