124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
to the rank and control that these officers exercise
over troops.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; was read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 428) to facilitate the proof for the allow-
ance of pensions; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
-Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 429)
making an appropriation for extending the Walla-
Walla and Port Benton military road from Fort
Benton to Port Abercrombie, in Dakota Territory;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. NESMITH asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
430) to provide for the protection of overland em-
igrants to the States and Territories of the Pacific;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CARLILE asked, and by unanimous con-
Bent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
431) providing for the appointment of a commis-
sion to examine and decide upon military claims
originating during the present rebellion in the State
of Virginia, west of the Blue Ridge, prior to the
30th day of September, 1862; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
432) in relation to bounty to volunteer soldiers in
certain cases; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
CAVALRY ORGANIZATION.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. With the
consentof the Senator from Connecticut, who has
a claim to call up his bill, I desire to call up Sen-
ate bill No. 419, to improve the organization of
the cavalry forces. If it takes any time, I shall not
press it.
Mr. POSTER. I give way to the Senator, be-1
cause a bill in regard to the Army I consider para-
mount to all others, hoping, however, that it will
not occupy time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special or-
der is Senate bill No. 324. It will be laid aside if
there be no objection. The Chair hears none.
The question is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill (S. No.
419) to improve the organization of the cavalry
forces was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that hereafter each regiment
of cavalry in the United States service may have
two assistant surgeons, and that each company or
troop of cavalry shall have from sixty to seventy-
eight privates.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. I suppose
it is not necessary to take any time on tins bill. I
will simply say that in the artillery and in the in-
fantry, there is a minimum and a maximum num-
berof men for a company. In the bill we passed
last year, we fixed the minimum number for the
cavalry at seventy-eight privates. At the tune
"when that bill was prepared, it was supposed we
had more cavalry than we wanted. The Govern-
ment now is raising some cavalry regiments; and
the number in each company must be seventy-
eight privates, in order to make the organization.
The object now is to fix a minimum number, the
same that is fixed in the artillery and m the in-
fantry. That is the simple object of the bill. It is
believed to be necessary in order to facilitate the
organization of a few regiments that are now be-
ing raised. I believe there are one or two regi-
ments that have about a thousand men, but they
cannot be organized at all, because the law is con-
strued so that no organization can take effect un-
til they have seventy-eight privates to each com-
pany.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to this bill. It consists of one sen-
tence. It merely says " that hereafter each regi-
ment of cavalry m the United States service may
have two assistant surgeons, and each company
or troop of cavali y shall have from sixty to seven-
ty-eight privates." it does not say that each com-
pany hereafter organized shall have that number;
it does not say that the minimum number of each
company hereafter organized shall be sixty; but
it says that each company shall have that num-
ber. Suppose they do not have that number, what
is to be done?
Mr. HOWARD. The first word " hereafter"
regulates that.
* Mr. GRIMES. " Hereafter each regiment of
cavalry in the United States service may have two
assistant surgeons,"and then itgoes on upon an-
other subject and says, " and each company or
troop of cavalry shall have from sixty to seventy-
eight privates." Take the case of a company
now in existence, organized under existing laws,
and you pass a new law which says a company
shall have a certain number of men, and that
number of men is not in the company 
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Put in
" hereafter organized."
Mr. GRIMES. That is what I suppose it ought
to be.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. If the Sen-
ator thinks it necessary to put in the words " here-
after organized," let him propose it.
Mr. GRIMES. If you do not, you involve it
in inextricable confusion.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. As the Sen-
ator from Iowa makes the suggestion, although
we did not think it necessary, it is best perhaps,
to make the matter certain; and I move, therefore,
so to amend the bill as to make it read: " and each
company or troop of cavalry hereafter organized
shall have from sixty to seventy-eight privates."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concuired in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;
was read the third time, and passed.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. FOSTER. I now call for the considera-
tion of the special order, which has been laid
aside.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 324)
to provide for the relief of honest but unfortunate
debtors, and the distribution of their property
among their creditors, by the establishment of a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United St ates.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, the bill which
is before the Senate docs not yield in importance,
so far as the general legislation of the country is
concerned, to any question which can come be-
fore it at the present session. Questions of peace
and of war are of course paramount; but of mat-
ters touching the general legislation of the coun-
try, its business, its trade, its prosperity, none
(?an. k.e moie important, none can affect private
individual interest or the public interest more
vitally than tins.
I do not propose at the present time to occupy
the attention of the Senate at any length. I shall
not even go over the bill with the view of explain-
ing its different sections, for the reason that the
bill is necessarily very long, and Senators who
tcel an interest in it have undoubtedly examined
it, either giving their attention to it when it was
read, or at some other time. Any explanation on
my part of its particular provisions will be unne-
cessary to them; and those who have not exam-
ined it, and who did not pay attention to it when
it was read, doubtless take little or no interest in
it, and I certainly cannot expect to attract their
atten tion or awaken their interest by any remarks
of mine.
The two great questions in regard to a bank-
rupt bill must be its constitutionality and its ex-
pediency. The constitutionality or' a bankrum
bill, and of this bill, which does not difF. r in its
material features from ordinary bills of that char-
actei, I consider to be settled. If any question
can be settled, the constitutionality of a bankrupt
jaw passed by the Congress of the United States :
is settled and determined. As to the expediency
or policy of a measure of this sort, I consider that
question to be equally weli settled by the expe-
i lrnce, to say the leawt, of all commercial nations.
The experience of England not only demon- !
strates the expediency and policy of a bankrupt
law, but 1 think even its neec-f^ity. Since the
twenty-fourth year of Henry VIII, there has been
a bankrupt law in force in England. The original
act consisted of but six short sections; and the
whole bankrupt system of England, so far as legis-
lation is concerned, has grown up from that time.
During the various reigns since Henry VIII, there
has been legislation in almost every reign increas-
ing and extending the provisions of the original
bankrupt law passed at the time I have suggested;
and the last act, which was passed in the twenty-
fifth year of the present Queen Victoria, on the
6th of August, 1861, which contains two hundred
and thirty-two sections, consolidating and bring-
ing together most of the former acts in force in
that kingdom, shows what the experience and
judgment of that country is in regard to bankrupt
laws.
In France, laws relating to bankruptcy have
been in existence certainly since the time ofLouis
XIV, for in the year 1673, during the reign of that
monarch, in the ordinance respecting commerce,
are provisions in regard to bankrupts, and in ef-
fect a bankrupt law. Other commercial nations of
Europe have their bankrupt systems.
In this country we have had two bankrupt laws
only. The first was passed on the 4th of April,
1800, and continued in force until the 19th of De-
cember, 1803. That is so long ago, and our coun-
try has passed through such wonderful changes
since that time, that it would not, perhaps, aid us
much to inquire into the effect of that law upon
the country during the brief period that it was in
operation. I believe, however, that it was con-
sidered a salutary law, and when it was repealed,
it was repealed by a very small majority in this
body, and some of the ablest and wisest men here
opposed its repeal, and thought the law ought to
be continued.
The act of the 19th of August, 1841, was re-
pealed on the 3d of March, 1843, and was in force
but about thirteen months, for although passed
on the 19th of August, 1841, it was not to take
effect by its terms until the 1st of February, 1842,
and being repealed on the 3d of March, 1843, it
was in existence but a little over a year. Tnc
effect of that law upon the country is within the
recollection and observation of most of us, and 1.
must be permitted to say that its effect was gen-
erally salutary. It effected, in my judgment, a
great deal of good. No doubt it may have done
some evil, for what legislation does not? It may
have been taken advantage of by men disposed
to commit frauds to avoid payment of their hon-
est debts, to get a discharge from honest debts,
and live upon their ill-gotten gains at the expense
of their creditors. It may have been pervuited
in some individual cases to such ends, but that is
inevitable so long as human nature continues to
be depraved, as it probably will for some years
yet. I repeat, however, that in my opinion, and
i believe m the opinion of men much wiser, much
more experienced than myself, the operation of
the law was on the whole greatly beneficial to the
country. It had certainly a very great effect in
many respects. Advantage of its provisions was
taken, so far as applications for the benefits of u
are concerned, in twenty-seven States and Terri-
tories of the Union, by 33,739 persons. Theie
were that number of petitions in the various dis-
trict courts in the United States and Terntoues
and in the District of Columbia, as appears by
the returns made to the Senate of the United
States, under a resolution passed calling upon the
Secretary of State to furnish information upon the
subject; it appears that that number of applica-
tions were made during the thirteen months, and
indeed less than thirteen months, because the re-
turns made by the Secretary of State to the Sen-
ate were not made up to the 1st of February, 1543,
and the number, as I have before stated, of appli-
cations made were 33,739; 765 were refused, and,
at the date mentioned, 4,468 weie still pending,
not acted upon by the courts.
WV see from that, Mr. President., how large a
number of persons in our country at that tune
took advantage of the law, and realized its bene-
fits. Now, sir, what proportion of that vast num-
ber of individuals were fraudulent bankrupts, and
how many really defrauded their creditors by the
means of this act, the act of the 19th of August,
1841 ? Taking the evidence furnished under the
resolution ofthe Senate to which I have referred,
as it came fiom the various districts in the United
States, 1 think we may safely sriy that the num-
ber who by this law were enabled to commit any
fraud on their creditors was very {small, and that
