126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
one, I do not claim. It is necessarily long and
complex. It requires some time to examine its
various provisions in order to become familiar
with them, and it requires pretty constant atten-
tion to retain its provisions inonc'smind. I think,
However, that with a few amendments, which 1
myself may perhaps propose to the bill in the
course of its consideration, it will be found ade-
quate to its object, to relieve the great debtor class
of the community, and to enable the country to
avail itself of the services, the industry, the pro-
ductive labor which are now really lost, without
in any manner injuring the rights of creditors to
any extent. I trust that gentlemen will examine
the bill; and I shall be obliged to Senators, to
whom I certainly yield with deference in regard
to their superior judgment and knowledge of this
subject, if they will propose amendments or alter-
ations where they see good cause to propose them,
in order that the bill may be perfected, and put in
such shape that it may take its place in the statute-
book among the permanent acts of Congress, and
not be a mere temporary act to be passed this
session and repealed next. I believe that if we
take proper pains to perfect this bill, the country
will demand that it continue the. law of the land.
That is my hope and desire. I am by no means
desirous to press the bill or to hurry it through,
bo that its provisions shall not be fully examined,
but I wish gentlemen to act upon it as promptly
as they can, to'Tfring forward their amendments
as speedily as they can, if they have any to pro-
pose, for the reason that this is a short session,
the country is in a condition of great peril, great
questions may, and must, come before us, and
towards the close of the session matters that do not
bear directly upon the war we are waging may
not be considered with much patience in the Sen-
ate. I hope, therefore, that Senators will now,
while wo arc not pressed, and while we have time
to examine this subject, devote such attention to
it as will enable us to get final action on the bill
at an early day.
Mr. HALE. It is suggested that we had bet-
ter adjourn. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 18, 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas II. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was n\id and approved.
EMANCIPATION COM.YUTTEE.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Noell on the
select committee on emancipation, in lieu of Mr.
Blair, of Missouri, resigned.
ESTIMATES OF TIIE POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from tho Postmaster General, trans-
mitting the estimates oflhe Post Office Department
for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 18G4;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
AGRICULTURAL FUND.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Commissioner of Agri-
culture, transmitting, in answer to a resolution
of the House, a statement of the expenditures of
the contingent fund of the Agricultural Depart-
ment; which was laid upon the table, and ordeied
to be printed.
TREASURY EMPLOYES.
Mr. TRAIN. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution:
RcsohcK That a select committee of five be appointed
to iiujiiue whether ;ui\ offieei oi emplove m any Depart-
ment nl tho Government l- a paitnor. or interested,diieetlv
or indirectly, in any banking hou^e, n>one\ coiporatton, oi
other hu-siiiefrs fiuu having eomiacts with the Government,
or dealing jn -tock.-i or othei piopeitj ; and lh.it said com-
mittee have powei to send foi persons and paper*, and to
employ a ^reiio«i,ipim: clerk, at the late of compensation
iibuaily paid io such an ofticei ; and that feaid committee
have authority to leport at any time by bill or otheim-se.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to that resolution,
unless there is some statement of factupon which
to base it.  
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined, and found
truly enrolled,an act (S. No. 407) to fix the terms
of the circuit court in the district of Wisconsin;
when the Speaker signed the same.
RELEASE OF PENALTIES.
Mr. TRAIN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution authorizing the Secretary
of the Navy to release certain penalties; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PIRATE ALABAMA.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to repoit at an earlv dav to tins House whether let-
ters of marque ought to be issued for the purpose of cap-
turing or destroying the piratical vessel known as the 2.90,
or the Alabama, and other vessel ■? of a like character now
fitting out in the ports of Great Butam lor the purpose of
preying upon our meichammen engaged m a lawlul com-
meicc; and what further legislation, it'any, is necessary
for that purpose.
FUGITIVE SLAVES.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to which was referred
House bill No. 595, to protect and grant relief
to the citizens of loyal States whose property and
slaves have beon wrongfully taken, seduced, and
abstracted by the officers and soldiers of the Army
of the United States, to report the same back, with
the recommendation that it do not pass. I move
that the bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw it for the pur-
pose of hearing what the gentleman has to pro-
pose.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I feel much
obliged to the gentleman from Ohio for his act of
courtesy, in peimitting me to state to the House
some reasons why there should be legislation on
this subject. It will be lecollected that I moved
the reference of the bill to a select committee
when I introduced it, with a view of enabling the
House to understand the objects of the measure
and the facts upon which it is based; but, sir, a
direction was given Jo it different from that I in-
tended. It was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, contrary to my wishes. While I bow
to the decision of the House, I have not despaired
of satisfying members that soifte legislation on
this subject is necessary, and ought speedily to
be had.
I think that this bill is not understood. Its pro-
visions do not interfere with the rule and article
of war passed at the last session of Congress.
That article of war is itself often misunderstood.
It does not prohibit a man from rightfully seeking
for his property when it is in possession of the
Army of the United States, or of any corps of
that Army. It only prohibits any officer of the
Army from using the armed force of the United
States for the purpose of capturing runaway slaves
and returning them to their owners. Read it for
yourselves, gentlemen of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and see whether I am not correct.
Mr. MALLORY. If my colleague will permit
me, I will make a brief statement 1 will state
that I have been informed that ther?. is a general
order published this morning from headquarters,
which allows the service of civil ptocjss in the
Army in the field everywhere for the recovery of
slaves. It allows civil process to be executed
within the lines of the Army in Kentucky.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I am happy to hear that
such an order has been issued, but the Lord knows
how long it will last. [Laughter.] Ptobably to
the next thaw or the next frost. [Renewed laugh-
ter.]
Mr. Speaker, the process proposed by the pend-
ing bill is a simple one. It is intended to be peace-
fully executed, and in a manner totally and en-
tirely unexceptionable to every Republican of this
House who loves justice, and is willing to see it
administered. What are the facts upon which i
have asked for this legislation ? I was not so much
controlled by the value of the property involved
as 1 was by the desire to preserve the peace of the
country in which our troops are located as a mat-
ter of military necessity, and where this descrip-
tion of property is recognized by the laws of the
land. Allow me to allude to a case which has
recently occurred. A gallant officer—a colonel
of the Army—a citizen and officer of Kentucky,
was dismissed because he issued an order that
all slaves who attempted to come within his lines
should be delivered up to their owners. He was
a citizen of Kentucky,-and knew that it was
the law there that the man who harbored or pro-
tected a runaway slave was liable to be punished
by confinement in the penitentiary. For issuing
that order, he was dismissed the service of the
United States, although he was a distinguished
officer, and was commended twice for his gallantry
on two bloody fields. He has been dismissed in
consequence of that order. Now, 1 want to avoid
things of this kind. I want all property that may
be taken by our Army from our citizens returned
to its owners without a conflict such as that which
has occurred in my State on several occasions.
Mr. MAYNARD. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will make a statement in connection
with what has fallen from him. I wish to say
that it is important that some measure should be
adopted which will enable the military authorities
to discriminate between loyal men and traitors.
I have been told, by authority 1 deem reliable,
that in some poitions of my own State, where our
troops have been in possession, it has been tho
practice of secessionists to entice tho slaves from
loyal men—men known to be such—devoted
Union men—to entice their slaves bysome means
into the lines of the Federal Army, where they
cannot be reclaimed, for the purpose of producing
dissatisfaction among the Union men. i can give
some instances. Such opportunities to annoy
the loyal citizens of the country by those who
are disloyal ought not to be afforded by the exist-
ing state of our law; and I trust that the commit-
tee which has this matter in charge will take this
into consideration, and avoid striking our own
friends when they strike at the traitors.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I was about
to come to that point myself. If I cannot get jus-
tice or remedy for all of my people, I am willing
to take it for those to whom there seems to be a
disposition in this House to do justice. I am
willing to take justice for those who are called
loyal men. I was about to say that although there
is no such distinction or discrimination in the bill
I presented in favor of allowing only property to
be returned to those who are called loyal men, yet
I am willing to take that if I cannotgetany more.
Sir, I do not know what is meant by loyalty,
unless it be according to tho interpretation given
to it by some man in the State of Kentucky, to
whom an order had been issued to procure horses
upon which to mount a regiment. He was di-
rected, as I understand, to take the horses of dis-
loyal men without paying for them, and to let the
loyal people alone. Well, sir, he went to work
in my county, but he did not stop at the men;
ho went to the women, also, and took the horse
of an old lady of eighty years of age, who lived
with her son. It was the only horse she had
with which she could drive about in her buggy,
which is the only way in which she can move
about. Her son, who, to my knowledge, is a
loyal man, went to the colonel and applied for a
restitution of the horse. He was interrogated by
this colonel, "Are you a loyal man ?,J "Yes,"
said he, "I am, as Iunderstand loyalty.'' ' 'What
do you understand by a loyal man?" " I pm,"
said he, "for the restoration of the Union as it
was, and 1 am in favor of the. Constitution as my
fathers and your fathers gave it to us." "Well,
sir, are you in favor of freeing the negroes'1
asked the colonel, "I don't think that is neces-
sary to reinstate the Union, and I am opposed to
it." "Well, sir," said the colonel, " your horse
must go into the service." [Laughter] That is
the test of loyalty, as I understand it, by some ot
your Army officers. In drawing the bill piovid-
ing this piehminary mode of obtaining property
that has been wrongfully taken by your officers,
I made no distinction between loyal and disloyal
men; but if that is an objection, put it in the bill,
that no disloyal man shall recover his property
in any way.
Mr. Speaker, cases such as those put by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May£aiii>] no
doubt exist, and tlu>y exist in my Scale for aught
1 know. I know that in my neighborhood and
in other parts of the State of Kentucky from which
I have information, the slaves of loyal men have
been taken, and their return to their owners has
been refused and resisted, and the same is true
