THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
edly, on putting.an end to the blockade, which it
could have done at any moment, our Democratic
general objected that " it would bring on a gen-
eral engagement;" and thus was the honor of
the nation compromised, and millions sacrificed
through its interrupted commerce, without cause
or excuse. Democratic policy, personified by Gen-
eral McCIellan and General Stone, sent Colonel
Baker and his gallant men across the Potomac
against a superior force, with one scow and two
small boats as the only means of transportation;
and after the crossing had commenced, twenty-
four thousand men under General Smith and Gen-
eral McCall, who were within striking distance,
and expected by Colonel Baker to join him, were
ordered to retreat by General McCIellan; while
fifteen hundred of our men at Edwards's Perry,
only three and a half miles from the battle-field,
who could have reinforced Colonel Baker and
turned the fortunes of the day, were compelled to
stand idle while the gallant hero and his men were
butchered without mercy. During the autumn
and winter months which followed, Democratic
policy made the grand army of the Potomac squat
before the wooden guns of Centreville and Ma-
nassas; and sflthough our forces were many times
larger than those of the rebels, and our men in fine
health and discipline, and eager to fight, while
during these successive months we were favored
with solid roads and clear frosty days and nights,
yet neither the persuasions of the President nor
the clamors of the people could induce General Mc-
CIellan to move; nor didany member of the Cabi-
net, nor the President himself, nor any general in
his army, know his plans, or why our forces did
not advance. Democratic policy, refusing to allow
our armies to go into winter quarters or to march
upon the enemy, kept them strictly on the defensive
throughout the Union, till the President in the lat-
ter part of January of last year gave the order/or-
-ward, resulting in the victoriesofFortHonry, Fort
Doneison, and Newbern, winch so electrified the
country. The army of the Potomac was required
to march on the 22d of February, but Democratic
policy held it inactive till the 10th of March, when
Gen«r#I McCIellan, in obcdience to a peremptory
order of the President, took up the line of march
toward Centreville, after having first learned that
the rebels had letiied towaid the Rappahannock.
This pink and t>eau-ideal of Democratic policy, in-
stead of pushing at once toward Richmond, which
he could have done by railroad by way of Acquia
ct cek and Fredericksburg, or by the Manassas and
Gordousville road, marched his army Uack to Al-
exandria, where hundreds perished or received the
cause of their death, in the open fields and woods in
sight of their tents, during the cold, drenching rains
to which they were exposed for many days prior
to their embarkation for Fortress Monroe. Demo-
cratic policy, still ruling the country through Gen-
eral McCIellan, planned the ill-fated campaign on
the peninsula; and although lie had insisted, while
himself near the capital, th<it the whole army of the
Potomac was necessary for its defense, yeton leav-
ing, under positive orders that this city should be
amply defended, he seems to have considered fif-
teen thousand raw anil undisciplined troops, the
refuse of the Army, sufficient for its protection; all
of the army in and around Washington, except tins
meager force, having been ordered by him to pro-
ceed at once to the peninsula. Democratic policy
compelled the army of the Potomac to down be-
fore Yin ktown till a small army had grown to be a
large one, and then permitted it to evacuate at its
leisure. General Hooker, with his advance force,
followed; but Democratic policy,   efusing to allow
lum to be reinforced, held thirty thousand men
within sound of the buttle, by which our forces
weie repulsed and the escape of the enemy secured.
When our army at length reached the Chickahom-
iny, Democratic policy founded the kingdom of
pickaxes and spades, and sent thousands of our
soldiers to their graves, because the employment
of able-bodied negroes in ditching would be offens-
ive to Democratic gentility, and endanger " the
Union as it was.'' When General McCtellan,by
order of General Tlalleck, left the James river, and
reached Alexandria in time to save General Pone, at
llie second battle of Bull Run, Democratic policy,
forgetting the country, alio wed him to be sacrificed.
Democratic policy, sifting its deadly poison into
the mind of the Piesitlenl, again placed General
McCIellan m command of the army of the Poto-
mac, and reinstated, at his request, the generals
whose failures had caused Pope's defeat; and the
"strategy" which followed left the way open for
the withdrawal of General Lee, and delayed the
march of our forces till Harper's Ferry had fallen
into the hands of the enemy. Democratic policy,
at the battle of Antietam, kept at least forty thou-
sand of our men in reserve, and thus converted
a magnificent victory, most temptingly brought
within our grasp, into at best a drawn battle. Dem-
ocratic policy, which cost us more than fifty thou*
sand soldiers on the peninsula, systematically
misled the public by compelling the newspaper
correspondents within our lines to suppress facts
and utter falsehoods, in order to glorify General
McCIellan, shield him from popular disapproba-
tion, and perpetuate his command. Democratic
policy at this moment clamors for his restoration,
and every man who blames the Republicans for
bringing on this war, and who declares,as General
McCIellan did at its beginning, that the South is
right; every man who believes in wearing out the
patience of the country by military failures, so
that the rebels may be restored to power through
some infernal compromise; every man who de-
spises the policy which would win victories, or
follow them up when won;every man who was as
much of a traitor as he had the courage to be in the
beginning of this struggle, and has all the time
wished the rebels a hearty God-speed; every man
who has done his best to discourage enlistments,
embarrass the action of the Government, and ren-
der the war odious to the people; every man who
raises the cry of peace, and talks about new
guarantees to pacify the felons who have sought
the nation's life; every man who loves negro
slavery better than he loves his country, and
would sooner see the Republic in ruins than the
slaves set free, is the zealous advocate and un-
flinching champion of General McCIellan.
Mr. Speaker, Democratic policy proves itself
the ally of treason by hugging the cause which
produces it. It clings to slavery as a dying man
clings to life. It condemns its prohibition in our
Territories, and its abolition in this District. In
the.midst of a terrific struggle of the nation for
self-preservation, requiring the use of all the weap-
ons known to the laws of\var, it demands the re-
peal of our confiscation laws, and denounces the
Piesident's proclamation giving freedom to the
slaves of rebels. With equal zeal it opposes the
gradual " abolishment of slavery," with the con-
sent of loyal masters, and compensation allowed
them. Democratic policy clamors for peace with
rebels in arms,on the basis ofthe Crittenden com-
promise, rejected by them two years ago, and
which, if accepted, would completely surrender
the liberties of the people to the slavehokiing Van-
dals of the South. Democratic policy has played
into the hands of rebels by refusing the help of
negroes in our armies, as laborers, teamsters,
cooks, nurses, scouts, and soldiers, thus neces-
sarily weakening our military power, and sacrifi-
cing the lives of our men. Demociatic policy has
sough t th eo fHce of slave-hound for rebels ever since
the beginning of the wai, and is still.occasionally,
exercising its functions, in defiance of positive pro-
hibitions. Democratic policy, taking the form of
" Order No. 3," under which, for more than a
year, loyal coloied men were driven from our
camps, and their proffered aid and information re-
jected, earned the gratitude of every i cbel through-
out the Union, and the curses of every loyal man.
Democratic policy despises an abolitionist far more
heartily than a traitor; the term abolitionist, ac-
cording to a leading Democratic organ, signifying
" any man who does not love slavery for its own
sake, as a divine institution; who does not wor-
ship it as the corner-stone of civil liberty; who
does not adore if as the only possible social con-
dition on which a permanent republican govern-
ment can be erected; and who does not, in his in-
most soul, desire to sec it extended and perpetu-
ated over the whole earth, as a means of human
refoimation, second in dignity, importance, and
sacredness, to the religion of Christ." Democratic
policy, by thus perpetually deferring to slavery
as a sacred thing, and to slaveholders as a supe-
rior order of men, has smothered that feehng of
resentment in our armies which else would have
been evoked, and the lack of which, according to
our commanders, is one of the serious obstacles
to our success. Democratic policy in the year
1861 gave us as commanduis of our thiee great
military departments McCIellan, Halleck, and h
Bnell, whose military administrations have so ter-
ribly cursed the country; while it imposed upon
our volunteer forces in the field such officers as
Fitz John Porter, General Nelson, Genera! Stone,
and very many more whose sympathies with the
rebels were well known throughout the country.
Mr. WADS WORTH. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman. I thought I understood
him to say that General Nelson's sympathy with
the rebels was well known. I wish to know if he
alludes to General William Nelson, deceased?
Mr. JULIAN. I allude to that gentleman.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I was born and reared
with him, served with him in intimate relations
against the rebels, and knew him from his youth
up to the time of his death, and I say that there
was not a more determined opponent of the rebels
and of secession in America. The language of
the gentleman is untrue. The stain attempted to
be cast upon the memory of General Nelson is
undeserved and unfounded. Such language as
that is outrageous. I have heard the speech, en-
tirely out of order upon this bill, with patience;
but I cannot allow the memory of William Nel-
son to be slandered in this way.
Mr. JULIAN. X will reply to the gentleman
from Kentucky after the recess.
The hour of half past four o'clock having ar-
rived,the House took a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p.m.
Mr. Fenton occupied the chair as Speaker pro
tempore.
The SPEAKER pro tempore stated the business
before the House to be the consideration of the
indemnification bill, upon which Mr. Julian wa?
entitled to the floor.
HE PORT OF MAJOR GENERAL POPE.
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, TJint the Secretaiy of War be requited to
tuinrtimt to this House u. copy of the repoit of M.tjor Gen-
eral John Pope, and tile accompanying document*, covering
the operations of the army of Virginia while under ins com-
mand.
CONSTRUCTION OK A "WAGON ROAD.
Mr. YAN WYCK,by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to build and construct a wagon road
for the use of the Military Academy, from West
Point, in the county of Orange, State of New Yoik,
to Cornwall-Landing, in said county; which was
read a first and second time, and refonod to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
INDIAN AGENTS IN NEVADA.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the appointment of In-
dian agents in Nevada Territory; which was road
a fitst and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
GULL ISLAND LIGHT-HOUSE.
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the followmgresolution; which was read,con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to ascertain what repairs aie required to the light hou*e
at Gall J&laudj and report by bill or otheivvise.
KENTUCKY SOLDIERS.
Mr. GRIDER, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution*; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Whereas there were many soldiers mustered into the ser-
vice of the State of Kentucky for the purpose of be i us mus-
teied into the seivice of the United States, and who, as
{•oon as being mustered into the State service, weiophced
under the command of the United Btates oflicis and were
in the actual service of the United Slates; and while in
the actual service of the United States, and in the i:ne of
then dufy, a great many connacted disease and died, and
some wore killed m battle, before, all of said tioop were
musteied into the seiviee ofthe United States; and whereas
there is no law of the United States providing to p i\ their
widows and hen*, their auearaijes uf pay due them <u their
death, not their bounty o^'glOO, nor to pay those rh,u sur-
vived anything until they were inu**teted into Hit United
State:* service, and for the tune thev were in the State ser-
vice but under Fedeial Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Mihtaty Allans bein-
stiueted to inquire into-the above iaci^. and. if expedient,
provide by law a remedy todojustice m ihi&aud likeeasea.
MILITARY SEIZURES OF PKOl'KilTY.
Mr. GRIDER also, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Whejeas the people of Kentucky have been greatly
