1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
injured by th«'  taking of their property for military purposes
by our various companies, brigades, and divisions, and in
cat>cs, many of them, the individual sufferers, instead of re-
ceiving just compensation, have not been furnished any
voucher for the damage done or the amount thereof, and
where vouchers have been furnished, in a large majority of
cases they are so insufficient and informal nothing can be
drawn in pay in consequence of alleged informality: There-
fore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs, if ex-
pedient, report a bill providing an adequate, equitable, and
available remedy.
TRANSPORTATION OP GUNPOWDER.
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a b«U to exempt steamboat owners from
the penalties prescribed for transporting gunpow-
der, &c., when done in the service and at the in-
stance or for the use of the General Government
of the United States; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
INDEMNIFICATION BILL.
Mr. JULIAN. In reply to the remarks of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Wadsworth,]
who interrupted me previous to the recess, I have
only to say, that what I said is true. I did not say
thatGeneral Nelson was arebel. I said he was well
understood to be in sympathy with the rebels; and
this understanding, so far as I have any means of
knowledge, is universal among the soldiers from
Indiana and Ohio who served under him in the
field in Kentucky and elsewhere. While I do not
say that he was a rebel, I say that, like some other
distinguished gentlemen from Kentucky, he was
a rebel sympathizer, loving slavery more than he
loved his country. That I wish to say in the most
emphatic words I know how to employ.
The gentleman from Kentucky did not charge
me with an intentional misrepresentation, as I un-
derstand him. If he makes that charge I shall
deal with it. I understand we simply differ as to
a question of fact.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I did not intend to
charge the gentleman with any intentional mis-
representation touching the sentiments of General
Nelson, unless he makes himself responsible for
it. I did not know but that he was making a state-
ment, in which he confided, derived from others.
My purpose was to denounce the statement which
the gentleman brings in here. I do not care who
makes the statement, he is a slanderer of the gal-
lant dead.
Mr. JULIAN. I decline to yield to the gen-
tleman further. The gentleman denounces my
assertion 
Mr. WADSWORTH. I denounce it as a
slander.
Mr. JULIAN. And Idenounce the gentleman's
denunciation, and his defense of a rebel sympa-
thizer.
Mr. EDWARDS. Will the gentleman allow
me a single question?
Mr. JULIAN. Yes, sir.
Objection was made by several members, and
Mr. JULIAN proceeded a few sentences, when
Mr. WADSWORTH said: I rise to a point
of order, it is that the speech of the gentleman
from Indiana has no relation to the subject-matter
under consideration, and it was not designed to
have any reference to it, as the gentleman himself
announced in the beginning. There has not been
the slightest word uttered upon the subject under
consideration.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is too late.
Mr. WADSWORTH. It is too late to make
the objection as to that part of the speech which
has been uttered, but not as to the remainder.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit that it is too late.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The Chair thinks
the point of order well taken. The gentleman
must confine his remarks to the subject under
consideuition.
Mr. JULIAN. I shall endeavor to do so. It
is not true, as stated by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, that I said in the outset that the remarks
I proposed to make were not relevant to the sub- i
ject. I stated that they were so substantially;
and 1 think the House, after hearing me, will find
them so, at least so far as the concluding portion
of my speech is concerned.
Mr. JULIAN proceeded a few moments longer,
when
Mr. WADSWORTH said: I raise the point of
order that the icmaiks made by the gentleman
have fio reference to the bill to indemnify the Ex-
ecutive for military arrests.
Mr. STEVENS. May I be permitted to say
that this question of indemnifying the President
and other officers has been discussed as opening
the whole policy of the Government, and I think
very properly ? The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Voorhees] so discussed it, and 1 think very prop-
erly. It does open the whole question of the pol-
icy of the Administration.
Mr. WADSWORTH. If that is the rule, I
submit; otherwise not. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Voorhees] confined himself to the
subject of arbitrary arrests. The speech of the
gentleman seems to be a mere harangue against
the Democratic party and the gallant soldiers of
the country, the dead as well as the living. If
my point of order is right, I desire to have it sus-
tained.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The Chair would
state that the debate has taken a wide range upon
all sides, and no gentleman has hitherto raised a
point of order. The Chair will again state that
the gentleman from Indiana must confine his re-
marks to the bill under consideration. If he docs
not do so, the Chair will feel compelled to call him
to order.
Mr. JULIAN. I do not know how to proceed
in order, unless it be in order to defend the Presi-
dent of the United States against a policy which
I have been and still am discussing before this
House. I can proceed, as I think, legitimately
in that line of argument. It will be impossible
for the Chair or this House to determine whether
my remarks, taking them in their drift and fair
import, are in order or out of order, pertinent or
impertinent, without hearing them; and believing
myself to be in order, I propose to proceed.
Mr. JULIAN proceeded with a few remarks,
when
Mr. WADSWORTH said: I rise to a point of
order again. The remarks of the gentleman are
entirely out of order. They have no reference
whatever to the subject under discussion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair had
said that the gentleman must confine his remarks
to the bill under consideration, and he was wait-
ing to see whether Uiey were in order or not. The
gentleman fr<?m Indiana will proceed.
Mr. JULIAN proceeded a few sentences.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I raise the point of order
again.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point of
order seems to be well taken. The Chair cannot
see that the remarks of the gentleman are perti-
nent to the bill under consideration.
Mr. STEVENS. I feel constrained to appeal
from the decision of the Chair. I think the whole
subject of the management of affairs is open to
consideiation and debate.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I move to lay the ap-
peal on the table; and upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. STEVENS. In looking around the House,
I think there is no quorum present; and I am com-
pelled to withdraw the appeal or break up the ses-
sion.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from Indiana give way to the gentleman from
Rhode Island ?
Mr. JULIAN. For -what purpose ?
Mr. SHEFFIELD. 1 wish to address the
House upon the bill before it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Indiana can proceed in order.
Mr. S. C. FESSENDEN. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The House was divided upon sustaining the
decision of the Chair, and there were—ayes 28,
noes 25; no quorum voting.
Mr. HICKMAN. I call for tellers.
Mr. JULIAN. I will state that the facts and
arguments I am presenting are presented expli-
citly as reasons why we should pass this bill in-
demnifying the President for his action. It is with
a view to prove that proposition that I adduce my
facts and aiguments. That I supposed I had a j
right to do somewhat in detail; and I wish it dis-
tinctly understood, by way of bringing myself
clearly within the ruie of order, that every fact
and deduction which I shall state will be seen to
furnish a reason for the passage of this bill. I
hope, therefore, under the ruling of the Chair, I
may be permuted to proceed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. With that state-
ment of the gentleman's purpose,-fee will proceed
with his remarks. - '
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speajker, Democratic pot-
icy, speaking through officers high in command
in the army of the Potomac, now more than
year ago, threatened to march upon the -capital
and disperse Congress as Cromwell did the Parlia-
ment, because a joint committee of both Houses
of Congress was inquiring into the conduct of
the war. Democratic policy, when General Fre-
mont proclaimed freedom to the slaves of rebels
in Missouri, inundated the Executive Mansion
with falsehoods, which had their coining in pro-
slavery malice and disappointed ambition; and a
Republican President, yielding to a torrent which
he thought resistless, removed him from his com-
mand; and although the policy of this procla-
mation has since been accepted by the Govern-
ment, and the charges on which he was hounded
down are known to be false, yet Democratic pol-
icy still deprives the country of his service, because
he is a Republican, and an unbeliever in the su-
preme divinity of slavery. Democratic policy
holds in its hands all the great machinery of this
war, and directs it according to its owp will. Cfeir
present commander-in-chief is a Democrat, whose
future management of the war, if we are to judge
frofti his past career, promises nothing for the
country. Of the major and brigadier generals in
our armies, Democratic policy has favored this
Republican Administration, if I am not mistaken,
with over four fifths—certainly an overwhelming
majority; while those great hives of military pa-
tronage, the Adjutant General's department, the
quartermaster's department, the commissary de-
partment, the ordnance department; and the pay
department, are all under Democratic control,
and have been during the war. Several of the
heads of these departments held their positions
under James Buchanan; while Democratic policy
likewise controls the chief bureaus in the Navy
Department. Democratic policy has not only stu-
diously thrown into the background Republican
generals, whose hearts are in the war, and put in
the lead political generals of its own type, but has
pursued the same policy toward Democratic gen-
erals who have evinccd a change of views on the
question of slavery. Mitchell and Hunter are
cases in point, while Curtis is almost the only Re-
publican general who has been allowed to hold an
mdependentcommand in a war in which, accord-
ing to the best attainable data, more than three
fourths of the soldiers of the Union are Republic-
ans. To an alarming extent Democratic policy
has ruled in the Post Office, War, Treasury, and
Interior Departments, in which, after very'many
long-delayed butgreatly needed removals, effected
chiefly through congressional intervention, there
are still hundreds of Democratic clerks, of whom
many are known to be rebels in heart, and some
of them the appointees and pets of Davis, Floyd,
and Thompson. What is equally remarkable, is
the fact that the higher and more lucrative grades
of these positions are nearly all given to Demo-
crats; while Democratic policy, adhering to its
ancient custom, under this Republican Adminis-
tration, bestows upon the District of Columbia,
andsuch States as Maryland and Virginia, a share
of these places in monstrous disproportion to that
of the free States of the North and West. 1 can-
not go further into details; but the fruits of this
Democratic policy are seen in great military dis-
asters; in the wasted energies and fading hopes of
the people; in reactionary movements in the fiee
States; in threatened intervention from abroad,
and in impending national ruin; and without a
speedy change in our policy, no power but that of
God, through miraculous intervention, can save
our country.
Mr. Speaker, the time has come when every
true man in the Union should demand, in the name
of the country, that Democratic policy shall rule
it no longer. When the nation is gasping for breath
because the honored leaders of Republican ismhavte
been infidel to its principles, plainness of speech
is a duty, and silence a crime. As a freeman, and
the Representative of fieemen, it is at once my
right and my duty to utter what i believe to be
vital truth. I deeply regiet the necessity which
impels me to criticise the policy of the Adminis-
tration. I honor the President as the chief magis-
trate of the Republic, and I love him as a man. J
have received at his hands nothing but personal
kindness and political respcct. I stand ready to
