1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
1787. Ah! sir,ifwewouldbutconsiderhowco«tly
were the lights that Convention worked by. Their
own revolution was not the only light. It was only
the last. Can any man doubt that the struggles of
our British ancestors were the real source whence
our institutions sprung?
When the men of 1776 and 1787 came to form
a Government for themselves and their posterity,
they remembered that men in the old country had
been legislated out of tlfeir lives and out of then-
estates without a trial, and without a chance to de-
fend; that men had been punished as felons for
doing that which was not a crime at law when
they did it; that the heirs of dead men had been
hounded and persecuted with these bills, and there-
fore they said:
" No hill of attainder or export facto law shall be passed."
" Noi shall any perbon hedepiived of life, libei ty, or prop1
erty without due course of Jaw."
The power and the wisdom and the goodness
of these few simple woids are only felt when it is
remembered how many had died upon the scaf-
fold and on the block, how many had begged upon
thestreets ,and how many had languished in prison
because these words had not been written and
obeyed sooner. They had learned that the estates
of wealthy men had been a powerful incentive
with needy princes to have them convicted of trea-
son through the instrumentality of subservient
judges and packed juries; and that at common law
it was an incident of a judgment and a conviction
of treason that the blood was attainted, and this
forfeited the estate of the criminal, and so cor-
rupted his blood that his children could not inherit,
cutting them off at once from their patrimony and
from all motive to love and obey the Government;
and that, in times of angry political excitement,
this was sometimes effected by the more summary
process of bills of attainder, without a trial at law.
They therefore declared not only that no such
bill should be passed, but also that
''No attamdei of treason [which followed a judgment
without u bill] e-houldwoik oouuption of blood,or lorleituie,
except during the life of the pei.>on attainted."
They had read much of arrests without war-
rants, of trials, convictions, and executions for
political offenses when the accused was allowed
neither witness nor counsel; of the rude visits and
unjust acts under writs of assistance, and hence
ordained:
" No person shall lie held to answer foi a capital oi other-
wise nH'amou* crnn-j, unless on a prf-'Mitment or indiot-
metit of a grand | uy, exempt in cu*-cs anting m the land
oi rraval loioes, or in the mihtia when in actual berviee, in
time of war or public daiigei/'
That in all criminal prosecutions the accused
should have "a speedy and public trial," should
" be informed of the nature and cause of the ac-
cusation/' should have the benefit of counsel and
compulsory process for witnesses, that the people
should " be secure in their houses, persons, and
papers," and no writs should be issued without
probable cause, supported by oath, and describ-
ing the thing or person to be seized.
They knew the history of the licensing acts,
and the censorship over the press which had sur-
vived the logic of Milton and Locke; they knew
that good men had been imprisoned m the Tower
for publishing the proceedings of Parliament, and
said "Congress shall make no law abridging the
freedom of speech or of the piess."
They knew the history of place hills, and the
evils that called for their enactment, and provided
that no man holding any oilice under the Gnvei n-
ment should be a member of either 1 louse of Con-
gress. They knew the history of the dieary im-
prisonments and blood}7,judicial mmders ih.n h,ul
been offered up as the reasonable service of cling-
ing, time-serving judges, who wore their white
wigs and black gowns, got drunk on claret, and
received bribes in the form of presents, during the
pleasure of an exacting prince; and provided'that
our judges should* hold then- offices " durine; sood
behavior." They knew the history of subsidies,
of forced loans, of ship money, and Hampden's
heroism, and provided that Congress alone should
levy taxes.
They knew the history of London Tower, and
all its long, damp, and neglected impiisonments;
they were familiar with the history of the "bloody
assizes," and with the doings of the Star Chamber,
which the historian has told us "possessed an un-
limited discretionary authority of fining, impris-
oning, and inflicting corporal punishment, and
whosejurisdictionextended toall sorts of offenses,
contempts, and disorders, that lay not within the,
reach of the common law." We are also told
that during these evil times "the crown possessed
the full legislative power, by means of proclama-
tions, which might affect any matter even of the
greatest importance, and which the Star Chamber
took care to see mose rigorously executed than
the laws themselves." "The sovereign even as-
sumed supreme and uncontrolled authority over
ail foreign trade, and neither allowed any person
to enter or depart the kingdom, nor any com-
modity to be expoited or imported, without his
consent." And these proclamations the historian
has denounced as "strong symptoms of absolute
government." They knew the cruelty of judges
whose bread was earned by construing away the
lives of political opponents, and saw the splendid
examples of moral and official heroism by an in-
dependentjudiciary, and provided that the salaries
of judges should not be diminished during their
continuance in office.
These things are mentioned byway of general
illustration, to show the safety, aye, the necessity,
of clinging to the Constitution, and the danger of
going back to the days of prerogative and procla-
mations.
The authors of our written Constitution were
familiar with the numerous statutes that had been
passed in England to secure the liberty of the citi-
zen by securing to him the privileges of the writ of
habeas corpus, that great command to "have the
body" of an imprisoned man before an impartial
judge, and said it " shall not be suspended unless
when, in case of rebellion or invasion, the public
safety may require it." It required the most
refined torture of language, as well as willful for-
getfulncss of the historical origin of this clause,
to make it mean,the President may suspend it
without the authority of Congress. They were
familiar with the thousand attempts to make trea-
son out of words and out of thoughts, and the
attempts to define it and restrict it by statute; and
when they come to define it, they copied the lan-
guage and selected but two of the acts in the stat-
ute of Edward III. They knew how often the
Commons had been forced to resort to the expe-
dient of cutting off supplies to control the king,
and provided that ail money bills should originate
in this House, the most popular branch of the
Government. They knew that the royal preroga-
tive had been exercised to prorogue Parliaments
when they became troublesome and to refuse writs
for a new Parliament when it was needed, and pro-
vided for the bi'-nnial election of members and
the anmud meeting of Congress. They knew that
upon the decline of the feudal system in Europe—
that system which made every man a soldier to
a certain extent—many princes ran to the oppo-
site extreme of immense standing armies; and
they had learned few if any examples of legisla-
tive assemblies doing their work freely, deliber-
ately, and impartially in the presence of such a
power; indeed, that many of them fell into desue-
tude, and that the Estates of France had not met
for several generations. To avoid these unhappy
results, they thought they would put the army
und<ir the control of the civil power, and the civil
power under the control of the people.
The com had been debased,and James had filled
Ireland with brass money; and the Convention left
the coming of money and the regulation of its
value, and the i emulation of weights and measures,
to Congie^s. They luul hoard that English jurors
had been dragged into the Stat Chamber, and out-
tageously fined, and indefinitely imprisoned, for
presuming to bnmcin a voidictof" notguilty,"
end made a Go vernmen t where ^uch things woi:M
be impossible while it lasted. The court of High
Commission had punished foriebgious opinions
and religious teachings; there had been Test Oaths
and Acts ofSunremacy; Catholics had persecuted
Piotestant^; Protestants had persecuted Catho-
lics: and tactions of each had persecuted factions
of their own party; and the Convention said that
we should make no law " respecting an establish-
ment of lvli^ion, or prohibiting the free exercise
thereof." and that " no religious test sh?ll ever
be required." Good Queen Bess had banished
the Baptists from her iealm, snd Irishmen into
Ireland; prohibited the culture of some vegetables
whose smell she did not like; prohibited the ex-
portation of corn, money, and various other com-
modities, from the island, and prohibited the
building of houses within three miles of London,
for fear the town would grow too big; and pro-
hibited surplus apparel to the ladies. I suppose
she meant the length of skirts and the size of
hoops by her proclamations. I would to God the
last one were still in force. Those who built
houses contrary to the proclamation were to be
imprisoned, and the materials to be forfeited.
The constitutional historian says:
"Some proclamations in this reign holdout menaces
which the common law never could have executed on the
disobedient."
Some of their kings or queens, I forget which,
issued a proclamation against emigration to New
England. This profound and accurate writer
again says:
"The proclamations of Charles's reign are far more nu-
merous than those of his father. They imply a prerogative
of intermeddling with all mutteis of trade, prohibiting or
puttnig under icstramt various articles and the home growth
of otheis or establishing regulations for manufactures.
1*1 ices of se\eral imnoi articles weie fixed by proclamation,
and in one instance this was extended to poultry, butter,
and coals."
So the miners of Pennsylvania, and the good
dairy women of Genesee and the Western Reserve,
will see that negroes arc not the only things that
can be reached by proclamations.
Sir, what does all this dry history mean that I
have been quoting? It means that we have a con-
stitutional and a limited Government; that there
was much wisdom manifested in making it; that
there was much need for its being made; and that
there is as much need for its being obeyed now.
It is worthy all the encomiums that have ever been
passed on it; it is not commonly remembered how
much it cost; and, in the language of the President
in his first message to the extra Congress, I would
say:
" Whoever, m any section, proposes to abandon such a
Government/would do well to consider in deference to
what punciplc he docs, it—what better he is liJfely to get
in it>s>tead—whethei the substitute will give, oi be intended,
to give, so much of good to the people. There are some
joreshadowmgs on this subject."
Ah ! sir, those foreshadowings. I would they
were oil on one side.
The President, in his last message to this House,
admits that slaves are property, and that emanci-
pating them is destroying or divesting property.
Then I would be pleased to be informed, if he can
take my slave, by what system of reason do you
convince me he cannot take my horse or my
plow, or the land I cultivate with that horse and
plow? I apprehend the only reason will be found
in the fact that there is in this country no great
political party who hate horses, plows, and land.
When the Convention of 1787 had completed
their work, and the people had ratified it, they had
given the Government as little power, and the cit-
izen as fuU liberty, as were at all compatible with
the true relations that must subsist between good
Governmentand well protected citizens. TheGov-
•ernment was as mild as it could be and be strong
enough to perform the duty of protection. The
citizen was left as free as he could be left and owe
allegiance and obedience to a good Government.
Having been born of revolution, our fathers felt
the pains of such apolitical deliverance, and tried
to frame a plan by which their children might for-
ever be saved the necessity of a resort to force
and bloodshed. They did this by referring all
things to the people, the source of all power, by
stated recurrences to the ballot-box. The plan
is perfect; all it needs is following. How mild,
how beautiful, how bloodless, howpowerful, the
remedy !
Hut the rebels forgot this feature in the wise
labor of our fathers. They went to war when
voting was all that was needed, and not much of
that, for there was little to be complained of. And
the Administration, in resisting this wicked war,
has forgotten the useful and bitter historical ex-
periences that culminated in the American written
Constitution; and in a few months we are car-
ried baek to the days of prerogative and procla-
mations. There is another thought in this con-
nection. While this is all so wrong, it is not so
wonderful. The ameliorating tendency ofthe con-
flict between the people and the crown, in Eng-
land, had gone nearly as far as it could go with
any good effect; and the American Constitution
was putting in practice a theory about govern-
mental power and individual liberty, so nicely
balanced that there was but little maigin left on
either side, and any sudden change that was also
great must necessarily be for the worse, by run-
