134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
ning forward into anarchy or backward into des-
potism. Secession, the spirit of disintegration,
does the former at one bound; while the Govern-
ment, in its anxiety to resist so great an evil, has
accomplished the latter in about three strides. ^
If the tendency of the controversies between
our race of people and their governors, for I am
considering the American Constitution as but a
vigorous offshoot from the great stock of British
experience, and of British constitutional history,
had been to moderate and limit executive power,
and elevate the power and importance of the peo-
ple; and if, in 1787, that historical process had
fully ripened its legitimate fruit, by reaching a
point beyond which good and wise men would
not go when they had it in their power to go as
far as they pleased, it is palpable that a renewal
of armed strife between citizen and Government,
for which our race has been so renowned, can re-
sult in but one of two things. Either the process
will degenerate into a mobocracy, or the pendu-
lum will swing back afew centuriestoward abso-
lutism. An armed people, succeeding against
such a Government, would likely come out of the
contest more a mob than a Government; and such
a Government succeeding against a rebellion so
powerful as this, would come out of the contest
with its powers enlarged in practice and precedent
if not m theory. It is in the nature of things. The
great blunder, the great crime of the rebellion,
was to inaugurate such a conflict. Let our wis-
dom be to resist and suppress the rebellion, if it
be possible, without invoking the assistance of
arbitrary power. It is a selfish genius, and hav-
ing rendered us the asked-fur help in so great a
matter, would surely claim the pleasure of ruling
us for at least a season in return for the aid. If it
be said this is an emergency not contemplated
by the Convention, I reply, ihnt is begging the
argument and criticising the Constitution; and I
further affirm the truth to be, that nearly all the
wrongs and oppressions against which the train-
ers tried to guard were done by government m
times of rebellion, and some of litem lucre done by
the individual Slates on the persons and property of
•American Tones during the revolutionary war.
Mr. Chaiimari, I have directed the mainpartof
myargumeritagainstthe emancipation proclama-
tion. But while I have noticed that gentlemen
from the North, not agreeing with the President,
are sufficiently earnest and sound upon this ques-
tion, they are even more sensitive upon the sub-
ject of the proclamation of martial law and arbi-
trary arrests than gentlemen from the South.
This is natural, and easily explained. There are
two reasons why we are less sensitive than you:
one is, we have seen more of it, which is the bad
reason; and the otliei is, we have had more use
for it, which is the good reason. You do not know
so well as we do the stuff this rebellion is made
of. You have not lived in communities half
Union and half rebel, swarming with spies, emis-
saries, horse-thieves, cut-tinoais, and, what were
far more honorable and less dangerous, returned
rebel soldiers beating up for recruits. You have
not lived m towns where old friends greeted you
with ademoniac stare or an averted face, and where
you could know the news of a disaster to our
arms without hearing it and without reading it,
except as you read it m the malignant «leam of an
infernal smile that lit up tin; witnkied frouto of
your enemies. I have quoted the Constitution
on this subject, and leferred to its histoiioul an-
tecedents. 1 would have the instrument obeyed
to the letter just so long as it can be done with-
out surrendering whole local communities to the
fierce power and malignant vengeance of local
conspirators, maddened with peisonal enmity, to
which the power of an invasion would be a bless-
ing. Rather than do this, I would (hng away all
written law, respect the law of humanity, lesolve
that society into its original elements, meet force
with force, and conquer my assailant or be de- j
stroyed by him. j
The rebel who earnestly believes in the theory i
of secession has renounced all government. So- j
ciety or local communities may sometimes be
placed in such sudden and dangerous emergencies '■
that, like an individual, they cannot tarry for the !
forms and the officers of law, but may sky the '
assassin then and theie. This is self-defense. But!
the act must be confined to the occasion that calls
for it, else it becomes murder. If you had seen an
aged minister of my church sleeping night after
night upon his musket, in our company of home
guards; if you had seen my circuit judge di'iven
to bay, and forted in the court-house where he had
practiced law and administered justice for twenty
years, you would better understand some of the
emergencies in which we have been placed. We
have generally be'en right ig our arrests because
of these emergencies. You are right in your op-
position to them in your States, because no such
emergencies have existed with you. What I claim
is, that such things be confined to their local and
temporary necessities, and that in no event can
there be any necessity for a rule applicable to
twenty million loyal people, as is the President's
martial proclamation; and there is this distinction
to be observed: whenever men are constrained to
these irregularities, they necessarily do them as
men thrown upon their natural rights, and not
as officers of a regular Government. The excep-
tion can never apply to large populations, or to
the operations of a great Government; for then it
ceases to be an exception, and the Government
is revolutionized. The militia and home guards
of Kentucky have made many of these arrests.
Generally, we were right; sometimes we were
mistaken, and hardships resulted. I never had
to order an arrest. I had to hold the men to
keep them from arresting half the rebel popula-
tion. The President has come into this House
—at least his friends have brought him here—and
asked for indemnity. I voted against it. I ask for
no indemnity for myself and my friends. We
assumed the responsibility then; we will take the
consequences now. I hope and believe the time
for these things has passed. I hope there will be
no moie of it.
But to return to the Constitution. Can Con-
gress or the President, or both combined, adopt
such a rule as this proclamation of martial law?
The words " no person shall be held to answer,"
&c., embrace everybody. The exceptions " in
cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the
militia when in actual service," evidently mean
offenses committed by persons engaged in such
service, and against the rules and articles adopted
for the government of those arms of the service,
and fur which they may be held to answer under
the Articles of War. But to hold that this lan-
guage means any cases which the President may
direct shall be punished by the land and navalforces,
is an o\ H-age upon the plain English of the thing.
After pi ovidmg all these safeguards, and being at
so much pains to limit and define treason, what
would the fathers have thought if they had been
told that their sons not in the land or naval ser-
vice would be tried and punished under a military
commission for "disloyal practices?" Whatare
disloyal piaotices? What Constitution, statute,
or decision defines them, so that thedefendantwill
know how to answer? Is it using rebel argu-
ments, expressing rebel sympathies, telling rebel
lies? Theie must be something short of levying
war or giving aid and comfort that will amount to
disloyal practices, else the old words would have
been used and would have answered. If anything
short of the definition of treason will make out a
ease of " practice," Imo much short may you come?
Are we not going back to the days when the Com-
mons felt bound to petition Edward III to define
tieason, and which led to the adoption of the stat-
ute bearing his name ? I repeat the question, what
are disloyal piactiees? The Constitution issilent.
The military commission will determine. I hum-
bly beg them they will not determine that my
speech against the danger of using the term was
itself a disloyal practice. What js the punish-
ment for disloyal practices? The law is silent.
I he commission will determine; and the offendei
will learn to ins satisfaction when he hears the
rattle of a platoon of muskets, i am not defend-
ing the bad men whom the proclamation would
catch, but only £ lie good men whom it would op-
press. If 1 and my neighbors choose to object to
the forcible emancipation of four million slaves,
1 do not want us dragged next day before a mil-
itary commission—
'* J)re-t in a little brief authority," * * *
With (ije severe, and beard of formal cut."
But we are told that these measures come within
the war power of the Government. I have to re-
ply that if they did, the power of making war is
vested in Congress. But we are told that the Con-
stitution fui mshes to its administrators two sets of
po wu-s—one for war and one for peace. Grunting
this, does it help the argument? It is a platitude
that means nothing and proves nothing, for the
question still remains, what is this war power?
Where does it come from ? What is itsnatureand
extent? Does it come from the Constitution or
outside the Constitution ? Some are so frank as to
admit that they rely on the war power of sover-
eign nations as it exists now, and as it existed and
was understood before the adoption of our Con-
stitution, under the international code. I admit
this view of the war power as it affects or controls
the exercise of that power against foreign nations;
and that when Congress has declaied war, the
President, as Commander-in-Chief, and his gen-
erals in the field, are to be governed by this code
in the conduct of the war. But is not this dan-
gerous ground? Is it not admitting too much?
Whether it would only be treating the rebels as
belligerents, or recognizing them as a nation, I will
notstopto inquire. But this i$ no foreign war. We
all claim that the enemy is not a foreign or an inde-
pendent nation, but only large masses of our own
citizens engaged in a wicked rebellion. The argu-
ment on this score fails. Indeed, 1 doubt very
much whether this is a war at all in the sense m
which the Constitution uses that word, except in
the one expression of "levying war." It has
already been decided by Federal judges that the
word " enemie's,"in the clause," adheringto their
enemies, giving them aid and comfort," means
just what it did in the old statute from which it
was copied—foreign enemies, and not domestic
traitors.
This is a giganticeffortof the nation, by the use
of the nation's strength, to enforce the nation's
laws against citizens of the nation in rebellion
against those laws. The conduct of these citi-
zens brings them within the cxact definition of the
crime of treason, as given by the Constitution,
and the war is an attempt to arrest or disperse
them as traitors. The President has called out
the posse comitatus of the nation to assist him; and
if rebels are killed in his attempt to arrest them,
and to enforce the law, it is their own fault. If,
when they are arrested, they are not tried and
executed as traitors, but are'held and treated and
exchanged as prisoners of war, they owe their
escape, not to the letter of the law, but to an en-
larged and enlightened policy, a uniform rule,
that, has sprung from the custom of all nations,
republican and monarchical, not to punish im-
mense masses as you would one man, but to con-
form the conduct of the strife to the principles
and policy of that general amnesty which all na-
tions are sure to grant at the end of such a war.
It may be retorted that by admitting that all these
armed rebels are traitors, and capitally punish-
able under the law, and yet insisting that when
captured they ought not to be hanged as such,
but to be treated and exchanged as prisoners of
war, as the Government really does, we have ad-
mitted that a case has arisen where the law and
the Constitution ought to be neglected or violated.
Not at ail. The pardoning power is in the Pres-
ident; and he might, I apprehend, if a prosecution
were pending, enter a nolle prosequi through his
attorney at the bar.
Then I claim that, in waging this war, the Presi-
dent has all the power the Constitution gives him,
and no more. 1 go fuither, and claim that the
Constitution gives more power—call it peace pow-
er or war power—overa domestic rebel than does
the law of nations; and gives more power over
a domestic rebel than it and the law of nations
combined give over a foreign enemy. Gentlemen
do not gain anything by adding the war power
of nations to the written and expressed power of
the Constitution. That instrument gives ample
power to suppress a rebellion, to enforce the laws,
and to punish capitally the rebel who resists the law.
Not so under the war power as derived from the
law of nations. You have thonght to kill your
enemy on the battle-field, but no light to hang
him when you have caught him. Under the Con-
stitution, you may confiscate the property of a
rebel for the term of his l*fr; under ihe interna-
tional code you cannot take the private property
of alien enemies on land, though they be soldiers
and officers taken in acts of national hostility.
Then applying the rules of international law to
this emancipation proclamation, and it is unau-
thorized; because it destroy sat least §1,000,000,000
of private property, and does this as a war meas-
ure, without trial or office found. Sir, without
