lm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18.
tiena of it had been appreciated by the agents of ;
the United States, the residue delivered Hp to the ;
owner upon payment of heavy sums as ransoms, t
by order of the then military governor here, one j
Genera] Wadsworth. With no evidence to seize j
or hold or condemn the property, after being thus !
pillaged it is, at the expense of a heavy transporta- J
tion to the owner, returned to him upon the pay- j
men t of a sum of money, and this with a full knowl-
edge by this governor of all the facts.
Sir, not only are property and liberty thus out-
raged, but the securities of home are habitually
invaded, and alarm carried into the bosoms of our
wives and children, by the rude and violent con-
duet of undisciplined soldiers. I am able to state
instances where such brutal visits have destroyed
the lives of helpless women, or paralyzed them by
premeditated alarms. What has been my own
case will serve to illustrate hundreds of others
more aggravated and of frequent occurrence.
But a few days before this session of Congress
begun, a vulgar ruffian, who holds the title of pro-
vost marshal of Talbot county, during my ab-
sence, with a troop of dragoons visited my coun-
try home, and planting men with weapons drawn
around the house, without warrant, or order, or
any process, proceeded to search and open every
place and portion of my premises, breaking locks
and doors, and hunting every privacy of home.
Neither the situation of defenseless wife and chil-
dren, nor those prescriptive guards that crcate the
castle of the home, nor the sacred injunctions of
a Constitution that forbids such searches, could
restrain the unlicensed powers emanating from the
Secretary of War. Sir, under his general order,
as it was alleged, a small pistol that a young broth-
er who now sleeps in his grave, had cai ned fight-
ing the enemies of his countiy through the war
with Mexico, and that came to me as a memento
of him, was seized and carried away as a trophy
of this exploit, or proof of a magazine that had
made my residence so terrible a place.
Sir, that search was designed as an outrage, as
a menace. The miserable tool who committed it,
after closing all places where stimulus was sold
within the county, was soon convicted by military
authority of selling, by his own hands, behind the
counter of a low tavern, kept by himself, whisky
to soldiers and, I believe, to negroes. Neverthe-
less, he remains a provost marshal of the War
Department, with despotic poweis.
Sir, such are the emanations of Federal author-
ity which have displaced our State judiciary and
now dominate over our people.
Free speech, a free press—those boasts of Amer-
ican liberty—are prostrate in the dust. But, sir,
the swaggering minions of power are licensed to
speak, to print what they please, and scumlous ]
nowspapeis are even bold enough to attempt to com- j
niand the action of this House against its membeis. j
The house of God, even, is invaded by military i
power, and the flag ofnur country, the'symbo! of j
uviland religious freedom, gains us first victory 1
over the sacred rights of consciencc in the hands j
of a Federal general in Baltimore, and a faithful j
minister of God is arrested and imprisoned tor I
defending these his inalienable rights. And even ]
women and little children are arrested and op- ;
pressed for showing gaud y iibhons so shocking to j
the sensitive imaginations of a prurient loyally, i
And, sir, how shall I descnbe the taunts, the in- j
suits, the threats, the violence, that have assailed !
the pride, the dignity, the helpless spirit of our !
downtrodden men and women and childien of |
Maryland ? Words cannot attempt it. ]
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to ask the gentle- j
man from Maiyland a question. j
Mr. MAY. 1 yield, with pleasure, to the gen- !
tleman ftom Ohio. j
Mr. BINGHAM. I desiie to know from the !
gentleman to what minister he refers. I
Mr. MAY. i allude to the Rev. Mr. Dashiel, ,
of the Methodist Episcopal church.
Mr. BINGHAM. When was he arrested?
Mr. MAY. A low days ago. j
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to kAow from the !
gentleman fiom Maryland what this minister was ,
anested for. !•
Air. MAY. lie was arrested because he dared J
to remove from his own church, fiotu his own i
prupeity, where a leligious society has been in j
the habit of worshiping God, a flag which had j
been surreptitiously placed there in the night by ,j
some evil-minded person.
Mr. BINGHAM. Was it the flag of the United i
States? |
Mr. MAY. It was the flag of the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman pretend
that the minister owned the church.1'
Mr. MAY. I affirm that fact. He has either
a lease of the property or it belongs to him abso-
lutely. It iaa place where he has instructed youth
during the week, and led his congregation to wor-
ship God on the Sabbath.
Mr. Speaker, I have no patience for this sort of
vain flourishing of flags here. 1 am sick of it. I
do not respect our national flag when it is planted
m opposition to those divine rights of which it is a
high and glorious emblem. When high advanced,
sir, in the service of our country's Constitution,
and to maintain its laws, it shall ever win from me
the applause of my heart's heart. But when any
man dares, intoxicated with notions of military
power, to set up a gross tyranny in this free land,
and takes that emblem to strike the sacred rights of
conscience, he shall be denounced by me, although
the victim of Jug oppression may be the humblest
of my fellow-citizens.
I feel authorized, sir, to spp&k as I do in this
case. This faithful and upiight minister of the
Gospel is my constituent; and I am acquainted
with the circumstances of the case.
The honoi able gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] will find, if he takes the trouble of investi-
gating the facts of the case, that the account 1
have given is correct. I have been prepared with
a resolution of inquiry about this affair, and tried
to offer it; and if I have on opportunity of doing
so, and it be adopted, I will undertake to prove
before the Committee on the Judiciary, of which
the gentleman and myself are members, the facts
which I relate.
Mr. Speaker, is it because we have been too
weak to resist these oppressions that we have been
foiced to submit to them? Sir, we are oppressed
because we are defenseless.
Does a Marylander hear the recital of that in-
fernal outrage that dragged from the bench, where
he was presiding, an honored and fearless judge,
and, attempting his life, scattered his blood over
the ermine of justice, and laid him insensible upon
the floor, simply because he openly declared his
respect for and claimed obedience to the Consti-
tution? Does any true-hearted American know
that such brutality was approved and justified by
a cruel and prolonged imprisonment of that judge,
inflicted by order of the Executive with a full
knowledge of the facts, and that such a wrong is
yet unredressed—nay, sir, yet approved, justified,
praised—and the ruffians who inflicted it now rev-
eling amidst the ruins of our laws and hbeities,
with superadded authority and force emanating
from Washington?
Sir, I repeat—does any Marylander, does any
man of America, hear these things and not feel that
God-inspired instinctof lesistless power awakened
in free hearts, that ever hath crushed despotism,
and ever will?
Mr. Speaker, after this recital, let me be justi-
fied by simply repeating what is written in the
Constitution, article four of the amendments:
" The right of the people to he aeeme. la their persons,
bouseS, papers, ami aaninst unreasonable searches
and seizures., shall not be violated, and no warrant s-hall
issue but upon probable cause,stippoitrd by oath or affirm
ation. and parnculaily de>cub ng the place to be seaicbed
and the pei. ou <n things to be seized."
Sir, what efforts have I not made with every
circumstance of respect for the dignity and lules
of this House, and jn every form of application
attempted to gain a consideration of these heavy,
insupportable grievances of Maryland; and what
single one has received even the cold ceremony
of a reception > Not one ! But all rejected with
insulting haste, or " laid upon the table," to rest
there forever.
Maiyland is treated here, too, as a subjugated
province. Stripped of her every attribute of sov-
ereignty, a caucus of revolutionary fanatics has
appointed our rulers, and Ohio and Illinois fur-
nished the pro-consuls of our conquered State.
If the Federal Constitution had guarantied to Ma-
ryland the cur?e of a despotism, instead of " a re-
publican government," ns duty in this respect
could not have been more faithfully kept. }
But, sir,sunounded as she i& by misfortune, it I
is now and shall continue to be theglory of Mary- !
land that her now prostrate constitution and laws, j
her subjugated people, attest their spirit and patri- '
otism in meeting and defying the encroachments
of arbitrary power that they were too feeble by
force to oppose. With true republican pride her
citizens can repeat her noble declaration of rights,
that "the doctrine of non-resistance to arbitrary
power is absurd and slavish and destructive of
the peace and happiness of mankind.M And, re-
peating it, appeal to Heaven as witness that its
precious injunction has been faithfully kept, and
yet abides firmly in their hearts; and I must, sir,
m a spirit of admonition, now and here declare
my conviction that the people of Maryland will
and ought, by arms, to defend their constitutional
rights if longer trampled on, and let the bloodshed
rest on the souls of the aggressors or the authority
that encourages or permits their lawlessness.
Mr. Speaker, Maryland, though now pros-
trate, will again rise. When passion and brute
force shall have passed away or be driven from
her sod, and the benign genius of free government
returns again to preside over her destinies, then
her own people, if united and organized, will be
able themselves to determine her lot. Let them
be assured of this, and also be prepared. A nd then,
also^comes a reuihution. And while we may hope
that her faithless children who have stood indiffer-
ent to her fate may be forgiven^yet, sir, they must
be forgotten; but those self-abasing wrptches who,
with parricidal hands, have helped to strike their
own State's sovereignty down, shall rest in the
full assurance of that day of account that must
come in the sure providence of God. And, sir,
instructed by the language of the present Secre-
tary of State, addressed to my constituents in a
lecture delivered by him on the 22d of December,
1848, " if a separation from the Union shall ever
be necessary, let us hope that long habits of dis-
cipline and mutual affection may enable the Amer-
ican people to add another and final lesson on the
excellence of republics—that of dividing without
violence, and reconstructing without the loss of lib-
ertyHeaven grant that such may be the happy
destiny of Maiyland.
Mr. Speaker, could I be persuaded to believe
that any friend of the Constitution would impute
these views to feelings of a peisonal resentment,
itwould inflictupon me inexpressible pain. And,
sir, could 1 hear that any pure-minded and pure-
hearted citizen of my State—
"A bravo man snuggling in the storms of fate,
And greatly falling with a tailing btate"—
Could justly accuse me of a failure to meet the
sternest demands of duty in this crisis of our na-
tional calamity, I should go, sir, to my final ac-
countability with an imbitter.ed lite.
Sir, amidst the cares and pet plexities, the onx-
ietiesand excitements, that in this unhappy season
of national trial have surrounded the duties of
public life, we may have erred in finding or in fol-
lowing them. Butifadisinterested love of country;
if self-denial and a devoLion to the duties of the
Constitution and welfare of our fellow-citizens;
if these have been the aims; if a leadmess to incur
responsibility, except ihat which provokes op-
pression, without the means to resist or redress
it; if a judgment that hesitates to defy reckless
power, only to inflict or prolong ns sufferings upon
others; if that sense of public accountability that
caies for the many while sympathizing with the
few, and refuses at the demand of any to resign
the trust for all; jf a spin I of moderation and con-
ciliation, putting aside lesentment and presiding
over all passion for the sake of peace, of human
life, for free government, for the future of civil
liberty; if, sir, these aims and motives preserv-
ing and seeking the oppoi tuniues that puhhc con-
fidence has bestowed to do all practicable good, if
these cannot support and protect a Representa-
tive, and picserve his name from reproach, then,
sir, not only has the Constitution failed, but man,
the citizen, has also failed.
Sir, the piesent prostrate condition of Mary-
land, and the alienation of its people, has been
caused entirely by the lawless policy puisued by
the Federal Government and its unscrupulous
agents. Not a solitary act against law, or their
Federal relations, can be justly imputed to their
State authorities or to them. After an experience
of two years, not one of our citizens has been even
tried for such an offense. But if such acts have
been committed, the courts of the United States
have never been obstructed in our State. Sup-
ported by the military power, the Federal judi-
ciary was never so strong before in Maryland.
