1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
ctt that time lay dormant in the city. The loyal
citizens, whose influence was then scarcely felt,
howeversoon rallied; a Union reaction took place
which soon made itself felt by the traitorous Le-
gislature of that State, and it has ever since pre-
dominated there. I say again, that from that time
forward there has never been an election in the
city of Baltimore that has not been conducted un-
der the full authority of the laws of the State of
Maryland, that has not been conducted in pei feet
fairness and freedom, and that lias not resulted in
a fair and full expression of the popular sentiment
of the city of Baltimore.
Now, sir, in reply to what my colleague has
said as to Maryland being a subjugated province,
and as to the city of Baltimore and the sm round-
ing country being under military rule and military
authority, I beg leave to say that at thisday there
is not a community within the confines of this Re-
public who are living in more perfect quiet, who
are living in a more perfect condition of content-
ment and peace than the denizens of the city of
Baltimore. I know that this is the cry of that
party in the city of Baltimore and State of Mary-
land who long ago occupied the position of a peace
party, as they term themselves. I know thatthis
is the cry of that organization in the State of Ma-
ryland who coincide with the views expressed by
my colleague in lus speech to-night; 1 know that
they desire the Government to abandon its present
position; I know that they desire that the forces
of the United States should be disbanded; I know
that they desire peace to be secured upon any
terms; that the (lag of the Republic should be
struck and dishonored, and the nation be surren-
dered and made to bow in abject submission at
the footstool of that arch-traitor who now rules
supreme over the southern t,onfedeiacy. I say
there is a paity in that city and State whichfully
coincide with my colleague in thin regard. But,
sir, I say with pride, and in view of all the re-
sponsibilities of the position which I occupy as a
Representative upon this floor, that a large and
overwhelming majority of the people of my State
are now arrayed in solid column under tin- flag of
the Union; that they ate for the vigorous prosecu-
tion of this war, and that they are ready and fully
prepared to sustain this Adnunistiation in the con-
flict in which it is now engaged. I predict that,
beyond a question, this will be the result of the
coming elections in the State of Maryland.
Mr. Speaker, i have not agreed with this Ad-
ministration in all its measures. I have disagiced
with the President, and disagreed with the lulmg
party in this House in many matters relating to
the conduct of the war; but 1 say here, as I have
said before m other places, that so long as God
gives me life, and while I am a member of this
House, I will vote for every man and every dollar
the Government may ask for the suppiession of
the rebellion, for the crushing out of the enemies
of the Republic, and for the punishment—the con-
dign punishment—of treason and the traitors who
are arrayed against the authority of the Union.
[Applause.]
These remarks of mine are desultory, they are
necessarily so. 1 have had no time to prepare a
set speech. 1 came into this House this evening
with not the slightest expectation of he.uing my
colleague, and if I had expected to bear hnn 1
could not have anticipated that a Representative
of that noble city in \v hich I live, and of that State
which has honored me thus far—that revered old
State in which I have been born and reared, and
around whose future destiny are clustered my
fondest hopes and desires—[ could not, 1 say,
sir, have expected that my colleague should in-
dulge in the course of remarks to which the House
has listened this evening.
1 say that the Slate of Maryland has been, at
the hands of my colleague on tins occasion, dis-
honoied and degraded. 1 deny that the people of
Maryland are subjugated. I deny that she is a
subdued province. She is a free and independent
Suite of this Union, a member of that glorious
sisterhood of States,and enjoying the piotection
of the Constitution of the United States. And
*11* is willing to exert her power and authoiitv,
moral and physical, for the pm pose of sustaining,
aru not for the purpose of overt hi owing that Con-
stitution.
Now, sir, in order to show the House—for gen-
tlemen here ;irti not fully acquainted with the con-
dition of Hiiue"; in ihn eity of Baltimore when the
riots of til* 19th of April broke out, and imme-
diately succeeding that struggle—I say in oider
to show the prevailing sentiment of the enemies
of the Government at that time, and for many
weeks succeeding, and for the purpose of show-
ing that the party indulging in those opinions
is the same party represented by my colleague
upon this floor,! beg leave to have read from the
Clerk's desk an extract fiom the Baltimore Re-
publican of Thursday after the over memorable
Friday upon which the riots at Baltimore took
place. 1 present this extract for the purpose of
showing the feelings and motives actuating par-
ties then in hostility to this Government,and who
have ever since manifested that hostility, not man-
fully or avowedly, but who, like skulking cow-
ards and traitors, have been taking advantage of
every fact and every incident that occurs in order
to obstruct the operations of the Government in
carrying out and executing the laws of the Re-
public. I ask the Clerk to read the extract I have
indicated.
The Clerk read, as follows:
<lTiirc Vote of Vkstfrd vy.—Some of the old croakers,
if not naitoi-i, iiro talking about the vote of yesterday
indicating tin: imiiffeicnce of the people, or their opposi-
tion to the meeting of the Legislatuie. Nothing can be
mote false than tins a>-utuptiuii; when it was known that
one halt' onr male population is under aims, engaged in
v.u iou-> duties in and out of the city, and that theic was no
opposition to call out the voters, u b uprising that the vote
i-> .so huge. YVe ;ue sony to ^ee anywhere a tpint of timid-
ity—oi shrinking horn the cusis. Th"ierirc afevvwhoatc
either too cowatdly to take a stand with their btethren, or
societly affiliate with the abolitionist* at Washington. Their
silly oiy about the Union ami 'the flag' imposed upon no
one.
'•The Union has been rent nsundct by the niudno** of
northern idnaiie-, and the flag of the old Union is now tho
symbol of inju-tice and oppression. No man who loves
libcrt> oi humanity can now tally under the Hag ot de-pot-
i<m unluil"d in Lincoln over Ins fanatical folioueis. To
tai-o thai fl.ii* in this cominumtv, uiubu- p r" ent ejrenm-
stances, would be :in insult and outrage which would be
pioinptly H'.'enied bythe people. The people ol Maryland
are for< ed by Uiu in-ane and inuidrioit-, eoutoO o( the l.in
eohi adtnniistiatHin to eboo-e now wbethei they will be
Itee ti> ptiiMH' thoir own ideas of light, ot whether they
wili subni't to the de-potisiii whieh has been inau'jui.ited
at Wii-huigtoii.5,-~Ji«/Jimo? c Republican oj Thursday.
Mr. LEAIIY. It will be obsei v<^d that the ref-
erence heie made is to the election of which I
have spoken, occurring soon after the 19th of
April, when delegates were elected to the Legis-
lature of Maryland. 11 may be worth while, also,
to remark that the man by whom that paragraph
was penned—the editor of that same 13altimote
Republican—was at that time an officer in the
custom-house in that city, appointed under the
Buchanan administration, and was ihen actually
deiivmg pay and emolument from the national
Treasury.
But that is not all. That opportunity was seized
upon in oider to defy the Government, insult its
Hag, and to outrage the loyal sentiment of the
people. Another incident occurred, of which my
colleague is perfectly cognizant, at about the same
peuod. The City Council of Baltimore by a sol-
emn vote decreed that the flag of the Union should
not be raised m the city of Baltimore unless with
their consent. Yes, sir; this ilag of the Republic,
this symbol of lepublicanism and American lib-
erty which, whatever may have been the effect of
the pastoducation of my colleague, 1 have always
been taught to revere and honor: this flag was by
the solemn den ee of the Mayor and City Council
ol the city of Baltimore trailed in the dust and dis-
honored. And when afterwards they found that
i the loyal popular sentiment could no longer be
! repressedj these faithless and recreant men had
, the cool audacity to attempt to shield themselves,
j| and to justify this measure, under the shallow pie-
text that it was necessary in order to preserve the
| public peace. Sir, it would have been infinitely
■ j more to the credit of onr city had the Mayor and
j corporate authonties remained perfectly passive,
^ and permitted the loyal men of Baltimore, with
arms in their hands, to stifle and suppress the first
i nascent manifestations of rebellion and treason in
I that city. Sir, they would have done it; in tie- j
' fiance of every peril they would have raised that
honoied flag, and borne it triumphantly against
, ell opposition.
One woul, Mr. Speokei, in regard to the rev-
erend gentleman who, as my colleague asserts,
| has, within a few clays past, been arrested in the
j city of Baltimore without legal warrant. I am
!j not conversant with the facts of the case, but 1
W learn from the daily papers that he is charged with
tearing the national banner from the outside of a
building from which it was suspended, with the
design to insult the national authority. It is al-
leged, in justification of this act, that the building
belonged to him. I know not whether this be true,
and it is perfectly immaterial, in my judgment,
whether he was the owner of the building or not.
I hold that any indignity willfully and wantonly-
offered to the authority of this Republic, at this
time, is a high .and flagrant crime; and I say that
the man who dares to insult the flag of the Gov-
ernment which has secured, and still secures, to
him all the sacred rights of person and of prop-
erty, deserves to be punished; and were I the
President of the United States, whether in accord-
ance with law, or with the guarantees of the writ
of habeas corpus, or not, I would have consigned
him to a dungeon. Sir, there is no excuse or pal-
liation for such conduct; no apology can be offered
to justify it. It ought to be punished with law, if
law can be found; and if not, then I would punish
it without law. [Laughter and applause.]
Mr. Speaker, the members of this House may
not be cognizant of the fact, butl know that from
the first hour when these troubles were inaugu-
rated, this reverend gentleman has,not only by the
clergy of the denomination to which he belongs,
but also by the people of that denomination, been
universally recognized as in directand deadly hos-
tility to this Government. It is idle, then, for my
colleague to attempt, upon the floor of the Amer-
ican Congess, to justify such conduct, and to ex-
cite sympathy where sympathy is utterly unmer-
ited.
Mr. Speaker, I have examined the bill now be-
fore the House, and although heretofore enter-
taining some doubts as to its propriety and expe-
diency, I am now fixed in my determination to
vote for it. [Laughter.] I have always been fixed
m my purpose to sustain this Government. I
have differed with this Administration m regard
to some features of its policy; but, sir, as long as
I occupy a seat on this floor, I will support every
measure needed for the suppression of this rebel-
lion, and for bringing traitors to condign punish-
ment.
Mr. VAN HORN resumed the floor.
Mr. MAY. I ask the gentleman to indulge me
in a word. [Cries of "No ! no!"]
Mr. VAN HORN. I would gladly yield to the
gentleman, but I have no time to spare, and sev-
eral gentlemen object.
Mr. MAY. Only two minutes.
Mr. tlUTCHINS. I object.
Mr. MAY. It is in reference to a personal mat-
tor and nothing else.
The SPEAKER. Several members on the
other side object.
Mr. MAY. That is what I ought to have ex-
pected.
Mr. VAN HORN. Mr. Speaker, at various
times during this session of Congress, some gen-
tlemen upon the other side of this Chamber have
spoken loud and long in denunciation of the Ad-
ministration and its policy and efforts to crush the
rebellion, in a manner and with an evident spirit
and intention that demand, at least, a passing
notice. Some presses throughout the loyal States,
echoing their views, and imitating their spirit and
purpose, have been devoted to the same wicked
object, and given theii whole influence to weaken
our power and build up an opposition, an organ-
ized opposition to the Government. These same
gentlemen, before the people in the last political
canvass,endeavored to cany the elections by stir-
ring up jealousies and disaffection among the peo-
ple, and succeeded in many localities in dividing
the friends of the Administration and the Govern-
ment. Here and elsewhere they assume and ap-
pear to be the leadens of the Democratic party.
They are endeavoring to organize opposition to
the policy of the Government and the prosecution
of the war as a consequence in every possible
way and manner here and elsewhere. They de-
nounce it m the boldest terms,and full of defiance
resist every and all measures calculated to give
strength to our cause and secure succcss. They
scatter their misrepresentations and exaggerations
broadcast throughout the land, and everywhere
there seems to be, and does really exist, a broad,
deep, well-laid conspiracy to thwart the Admin-
istration in its efforts to crush out the enemies of
the Republic. They proclaim that above all ob-
jects they are for peace, that we cannot subdue
