1076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
existence in the land, all slavedom rises up in re:
bellion to its execution. If there has been any
doubt heretofore of the purpose and policy of sla-
very in this contest, and the objects of those who,
in its interests and on its behalf, thrust this wicked
rebellion upon us, none con longer exist. The
blood of the sons of the North, warm with the
fire of patriotic devotion to our whole country,
has freely flowed upon the soil of Kentucky to
save her from the ruin that treason was fast pre-
paring for her; the President, with the generous
impulses of his noble nature, and a willingness to
save her with all her original character and posi-
tion, has listened to her wishes and dictation until
the latest moment of forbearance; but when the
hour of more decisive action arrives, and in the
exercise of the high powers of his office as Com-
mander-in-Chief, he endeavors to strike down
the power that underlies this rebellion and is fast
destroying the life of our institutions, with no
other purpose but to save them from final over-
throw, then he is denouaced as a " detestable ty-
rant;" and all those who stand by and sustain his
policy fall in the same category. For such action,
noble and sublime in its objects and results, we
are told that the President has earned this title, and
ought to wear it; that he and his friends " should
be scourged and driven into retirement with the scor-
pion lash of public indignation.11 Such is thereturn
that Kentucky renders for the care and devotion
with which all her interests have been guarded;
and such, too, has always been the policy of sla-
very towards those who have yielded to its de-
mands. After having exhausted all the power and
influence they could exert in its behalf, they have
been cast aside as worthless things, respected and
honored by none.
Sir, another attempt is being made by those
same leaders of the Opposition to oppose the Ad-
ministration and embarrass and weaken the Gov-
ernment, by stirring up, through bitter and trea-
sonable speeches here and elsewhere, a sectional
jealousy throughout the North ami West, in or-
der to create a dislike and a hatred for the East.
It is continually said that New England has made
all this difficulty; that her Puritanism and fanati-
cism lie at the bottom of this civil war, and that,
unless there can be a radical change in her nature
and policy, she must be cast olf as unworthy
of a place in the Union. All the misfortunes of
the war, the want of greater success than our ar-
mies—led mostly by Democratic generals—have
achieved, taxation, the sorrow and tears that fill
our land, all are seized hold of and portrayed in
glowing colors to increase the disaffection that may
exist, and dissuade the people from further co-
operation with the Government to put down the
rebellion. Conspirators against the Administra-
tion are at work all over our land, gatheung
strength, and like the deadly assassin, stealing
about under the cover of darkness after his prey,
so they, under the garb of constitutional defenders
par excellence, by withholding aid and sympathy,
opposing all measures calculated to secure the end
desired, and denouncing all honest efforts that are
made to save, are stabbing to the very heart the
Government that has fostered and made them
what they are in prosperity and happiness, and
gradually undermining the power to resist and
crush the rebellion that is preying upon its life.
Who can fail to see the object of this course on
the part of these leaders of the Democracy? It is
to create divisions, sectional animosities and jeal-
ousies, and to stir up opposition to such an ex-
tent among our people, and between sections of
the country, that the Government will be unable
to gather that support necessary to a vigoious
prosecution of the war.
It has also another effect, and one not less in-
jurious. Ail such efforts have a tendency not
only to divide and distract at home, but are well
calculated to strengthen and unite abroad. To
weaken and scatter our own strength and divide
our people is, in fact, of itself, to make our ene-
mies strong. They take courage as we falter and
disagree, and grow strong in their hope of success
as they see a party gathering power among us,
and using that power against the Government and
its policy. Thus, the Richmond Dispatch, illus-
trating this truth, declares in regard to the effort
to create a hostile feehag in the West against the
East :
"That it my become sufficiently deep and wide-spread
to oveiwheim Now Kngiaud aud break up tins Jioithetn
Union must be regarded as probable by all who have ob-
served the course of events, and studied the commercial
interests and relations of the Noith and West."
Such signs of disaffection cheer them on in their
unholy work, and throw up more obstacles to be
overcome by the sacrifices, toil, sufferings, and
death of the brave men who have periled all for
their country and its cause.
A great deal has been said about the elections
of the last fall, and we have been warned by these
gentlemen to take heed that we listen to the voice
of the people as expressed in such elections. In
those elections the people did not decide against
the war, but, on the other hand, the motto of all
was "a more vigorous prosecution of the war."
The President, in his magnanimity, had given the
management of the war, more directly and in the
field, to the friends of those gentlemen opposed to
the war, or who now fail to support it, and then
they go before the people and ungenerously charge
upon the Administration weakness and imbecility
in prosecuting it, and a failure in bringing it to a
successful termination. Inactivity, delays unac-
countable, and failures to move even under posi-
tive orders so to do, mark its history in some
departments, but in every instance under the ad-
ministration of the friends of these gentlemen who
now assail the Government bitterly on account of
failure and the consequent embarrassments that
follow, such as taxation, discouragement, and a
lessening of our strength. They harangued the
multitude upon all these things, and portrayed in
beautiful pictures the blessings of peace, as con-
trasted with the bloody scenes of war, and in many
localities carried the elections. Every mistake,
every error, was magnified into mountain size,
and all extraordinary acts of power performed by
the President in great emergencies, under a neces-
sity that he dare not throw off, charged as he is
by the Constitution and his oath of office with the
preservation of the nation, were, with fiery zeal,
denounced as usurpations of power, and attempts
to destroy the liberties of the people.
Seizing hold of the fact that the larger portion
of volunteers were Republicans, which was well
known by them, if not admitted, the leaders of
the Opposition rejected all propositions to unite
upon equal terms with the Administration party,
upon the simple platform of a vigorous prosecu-
tion of the war, as was the casein my own State,
(New Yoik,) and thus thrust upon an unwilling
people the strife and contest of a most bitter po-
litical struggle. Their object was what it now is,
to get power and the spoils of office, at whatever
cost of harmony and good feeling among the peo-
ple, so essential in those times of national trial
and disaster. The last dying words of advice of
their great chief—Senator Douglas—failed to in-
fluence them in their mad desire for power and
place. Having reference to just such course as
these gentlemen pursued in the lastelections, urg-
ing those who had acted with him to stand by the
Administration as the Government while in power,
and not seek to raise party issues or create party
strife in such a time as tins, he said, ''do not
attempt to make political capital out of the mis-
eries of your country." His counsel was un-
heeded, and success, at whatever sacrifice, was
their motto.
The effect of all this struggle throughout the
North, of the divisions created by the misrepre-
sentations and cruel and unreasonable assaults
upon the Administration, arc clearly seen in rebel-
dom, and have done more to encourage treason
and invigorate the drooping spirit of rebellion than
nil the victories it has gained, or the failures we
have experienced. Their public prints clearly
evince this fact, and show their sympathy with
and approval of all such attempts to weaken and
break down our power by creating such divisions
at home. If, as I fear may he the case, before
this rebellion is crushed, the loyal people of the
loyal States have to send forth more of their dear
ones to battle, let them remember that it comes as
a consequence upon the strength and hope fur-
nished rebellion by the very men who are now
throwing every obstacle in the way of the Gov-
ernment in its efforts to save itself, and who here
and all over our country, m speeches and by the
press, misled them by their misrepresentations and
abuse of those whose duty it is to conduct public
affairs.
One great theme, used perhaps with more effect
than any other in the last elections, was that of
" arbitrary arrests," so called. It is no part of
my purpose here, because I have no time in my
hour, to argue where the right of the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus lies, whether in the
President or in Congress. I am aware there is a
difference of opinion upon this point; but the right
exists, and this is not the first time it has been
exercised in obedience to the highest dictates of
necessity and hence of duty. Mistakes may oc-
cur in the exercise of all the po wers the Executi ve
has under the Constitution; and in the time of civil
war, while treason is lurking in our own house-
hold, and plotting death and ruin to the Republic,
and such an exercise of power is absolutely neces-
sary, as it has been, it would not be strange if
mistakes had been made.
It is not, however, for loyal people to denounce
and obstruct the course of the Government on this
account, but to rally around and strengthen it in
all its weak points, and clothe it with power, the
surest guarantee against the necessity for such ar-
rests. No good citizen, who ardently loves his
country, and is svilling to sacrifice and suffer if
need be for its honor and preservation, will com-
plain seriously if he be the subject of such mistake,
for he will know that the Government is his Gov-
ernment, and is laboring to save his country, and
his liberties, and that it is its duty to act promptly
upon the best evidence it can get in all cases per-
taining to the exercise of this power.
It has been well said that this exercise of power
is, and must be, before the open commission of
ciime; the arrest is made upon the evidence pre-
sented, to prevent the execution of the wicked pur-
pose formed, and before the person has consum-
mated the purpose. To this extent it must be arbi-
trary, and the grounds known only to the power
making such arrest, until such time as the restric-
tion is removed or the civil tribunals come in t©
take jurisdiction. It has never been designed to
preclude any party in the end from the exercise
of any risrh t to which the laws entitle him, although
U has been absolutely necessary, for the safety of
the Governmentjunderthe peculiar and terrible ne-
cessity resting upon it, to hold the party in duress.
In all this matter the policy of the Government has
been both wise and humane, so far as it has acted.
While, however, it has found in some instances,
upon investigation, that the facts did not justify
the holding of the party arrested, it has been too
lenient in other cases, and our cause has suffoied
materially by such forbearance and, I may say,
neglect. Men all over the country have thrown
obstacles in the way of the war and Us prosecu-
tion; have given theirinfluence against enlistments
to fill up our armies, and in some cases have de-
clared openly and defiantly that if they had to fight
upon either side, they would fight upon the side
of our enemies. Such men are enemies of the
Republic, giving aid and comfort to those in arms
against us, and if removed a little way over the lines
would be traitors. In all such cases the power of the
Government should have been exercised, and the
whole people learned that the salvation of the Re-
public was first, and that no man could be allowed
to oppose and obstruct the very and only course
essential to its salvation. Had such a policy been
pursued, the Government would have been strong-
er to-day and more respccted by our own citizens,,
from the very fact of its having vindicated its au-
thority and asserted its power.
But, sir, what has been the rule in all these ar-
rests, of which so much has been said, and from
which so much political capital has been made?
The Government hai> never made arrests but upon
evidence apparent and clear, or upon affidavits of re-
sponsible parties, or apparently so, first having been
made and filed as to the treason of the party, or a
conncction with the rebellion to such an extent as to
make it absolutely necessary to make such arrests, or
' leave itself in the hands cf its enemies. This power
| exists, and not to exercise it under such circum-
i stances would be a gross failure on the part of the
I President in the performance of his sworn obli-
! gations to defend and support the Constitution,
and save, by every means in his power, the Gov-
ernment he is especially chaiged to defend and
maintain. To do less in such an hour as this, he
would signally fail to come up to the gieat occa-
sion now upon us, and deserve the censure and
condemnation of the civilized world.
But another fact in this matter is worthy of the
people's notice, and I commend it to their consid-
eration. in no instance, since this war began,
