1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10T7
has a single arrest been made but that the party
so arrested could have been released, and his free-
dom restored to him, by complying with one or
the other of the following stipulations:
1. If a person of personal character and honor,
by taking an oath of allegiance to the Government
of the United States as against all its enemies at
home or abroad.
2. By swearing not to give aid and comfort to
the rebellion in any way or manner.
3. If a person not so reputable in position, and
■whose oath would not be considered a sufficient
guarantee for his future good and loyal conduct,
then he was required to furnish good and respons-
ible sureties that he would not give aid and com-
fort to the enemy; or perhaps in addition, as the
case might be, that he would not leave the State,
and put himself in a position to give such aid and
comfort during the existence of the present rebel-
lion.
Can a loyal man object to this ? With oui kin-
dred in the field, striving to defend and maintain
our Government, shall those at home, who will
not go down to battle, be allowed to throw obsta-
cles in the way of consummating this work, and
make the toil, the sufferings, and the struggle ten-
fold greater? No, sir. Our Government has been
too weak rather than oppressive in this matter.
No loyal man will complain at such restraints.
They are the restraints that loyalty and patriot-
ism will not shrink from,and those who do,give
evidence of at least sympathy with treason, or
those engaged in its diabolical work. 1 chaige
upon gentlemen here, and those elsewhere, who
are loud and long in their declamations against the
Government for its efforts to put down its enemies
in this direction, as sailing under false colors, and
trying to " make political capital out of the mis-
eries of our country." It is through no peculiar
love of the Constitution or the sacred rights of the
people that they possess over others equally pa-
triotic and sincere in thcirdevotion to the Consti-
tution and such sacred rights; it is through no
clearer understanding of duty or a more scrupu-
lous regard for itsfaithful performance than others
that they make such wonderful demonstrations,
ail at once, in favor of a strict construction of fun-
damental law, and will proceed no further than
allowed to by what is written and absolute; but
it is to take advantage of the condition of things
to gain power, and thus vsecure the end and object
of all their desires, to wit, to bring the Adminis-
tration into disgiace, and secure its overthrow.
Those who are at the head of affairs at the pres-
ent time can certainly have no less desire to save
the nation and preserve the liberties of the peo-
ple than they; they feel their responsibilities as
sensibly as any one can, and have more interest
in this struggle than any one else, as they carry
greater responsibility. Upon a stand-point from
winch to survey the whole field of operations and
know its difficulties and necessities, they aie bet-
ter able in the main to determine the safest and
best course and policy to adopt and pursue; and
demagogues should be very careful how they
assume to denounce such policy, and by with-
holding support make open opposition to the Gov-
ernment and the means employed to defend and
maintain it. In his speech delivered in the House
of Representatives in 1844, on the bill to refund
the fine imposed upon General Jackson for his
prompt exercise of power invested m him upon
those suspected to be in alliance with the enemies
of the countiy, Mr. Douglas spoke is follows:
"The neee^sHy and the glorious effect re* *.!tinaf>oni tho
emtse which tli.it neces-it\ prompted weie a know lodged
by the whole countiy, and he would even !sa\ by the whole
civilized woi Id. Then, as lar a* thio lull ^ e->i eeintd. as
he [.Mr. Douoias] could not say win-tiler then act- were
legal or illegal,he caietl notwiiethei General J.i kbon \io-
lateii the Constitution oi not. it Iih <u-t-* were eosuv
to the deleave ot'the countty. that neoc^ity ; hove all
law. General Jackson hazaided everyihttm; he i.iz.uded
life and reputation on thai s^ep, which aught have r< ndeied
him mammal if he *a\ed the eouimv, 01,011 the eontraiy,
make linn ignominious and a by-word and «i leproae i; and
the man that dared to do that deserved the pioteetio i and
the plaudit* of his country, lie did not envy the feelings
of that man who could get Op and talk cahuly and coolly
under such circumstances about luies of comt and techni-
calities of proceeding, when the city misht he in flame*?,
and the utmost haibanty might he committed. What we.c
raics of court hut a meie cobweb when they found an enem
with cannon at the dooi>> of then eouit-, and they saw the
flames encneiing the cupola? Talk then about the uiles
ot the eonith and the formulate-* of pioceediu^- ! The man
who would do this would fiddle while the capital was
burning. lie could not envy any man in the possession of
such stoical philosophy. Talk about illegality! Talk about
formalities-! Why, there was hut one formality to be ob-
served, and that was the formality of directing the camion,
and debtroyingihf enemy legaidicss of the me.uis, whether
itbe by the"seizure of cotton-bags or the t-eizuieof persons,
if the necessity of the case require.
a The God of nature lias conferred this right on men and
nationsj and, therefore, let him not be told that itwas un-
constitutional to detend the country; let him not be told
that it was unconstitutional to use the necessary means.
The Constitution was adopted for the piotectum of the
country, ami under that Constitution the nation had aright
to exercise all the power that was necessary for the pro-
tection of the country. If martial law was necessary to
the salvation of the country, martial law was legal for that
purpose. If it was necessary for a Judge, for the preserva-
tion of order, to punish for contempt, he thought it neces-
sary for a geneiai to exercise control over his cannon, to
imprison traitors, to airest spies, and to intercept communi-
cation with the enemy. If this was necessary, this was
legal."
If he could speak with such warmth and earn-
estness in view of the necessity that then existed,
how strong would be his denunciations of the
actions of some of the gentlemen of this House
and others in the country, and how cordial and
ardent would be his support of the President in
the exercise of the same power now, in this day
of general outbreak and treason, were he an actor
in the sccnes passing before us! What else has
the President done but to act under the necessities
of the hour, best known to himself, and, in fact,
known to no one else, and could not be with safety
to the Republic? His words would be words of
fire, as those already recorded are words of wis-
dom, and they would burn out the treason of that
party in the North, which, by its alliance with
the treason of the South, has bequeathed to the
present Administration this war and all the labor,
sacrifice, misrepresentation, abuse, and anxiety
that its authors can heap upon it.
Again, it is charged that the purposes and ob-
jects of this war have been changed; that this is
now a political war; and so it is, so far as they
can make it, ajid to no other extent. The Presi-
dent lias fiom the first declared, and still declares,
his only put pose to be to restore the Government
to its rightful authority within tho limits of the
Republic, and preserve the Constitution and the
Union. This House has, with great unanimity,
reiterated the same sentiment; but, at the same
time, he and this Congress have always declared
that the great work of saving the nation should
be accomplished at whatever cost.
The Crittenden resolution is referred to on every
occasion, to show that all have departed from the
policy first marked out to be used in the prosecu-
tion of this war. I ask what the Government has
done that conflicts with this resolution ? All that
was intended by that declaration of purpose was
that the war, brought on without cause by those
in arms against us, must be prosecuted until they
are subdued, and the authority of tho Govern-
ment every where vindicated, at whatever cost and
whatever sacrifice. It was not possible then to
say what means should be employed, and it was
no part of that resolution to point out the means,
as it did not; for in all wars the Government
must be left to act, in great emergencies, as the
necessities of the ease and the salvation of the
Republic require. Always keeping the one great,
grand object before us, we will strike such blows
and use such means as will secure the result, not
incompatible with the usages of nations, and that
are in accordance with the rules of civilized war-
fare. Who are to be the best judges of the ne-
cessities upon us, and of the means essential to
tho crushing out of this rebellion, but those charged
with the work, and whose every impulse and de-
sire is m favor of its accomplishment?
Two years have now nearly passed, and gen-
tlemen upon the other side boastingly tell us that
the rebellion is stronger than ever. And why?
Partly because they have been pulling the other
way while the Government has been striving to
put it down, and partly because it has been too
timid, if 1 may be allowed the expression, to come
out square upon the position which it now is be-
ginning to see it must take, from which it can
strike at the very heart of this cruel monster that
is taking the very life-blood of the nation. The
time has arrived when stringent measures must be
employed, when no power in the possession of our
enemy that we can reach must be spared, but with
' the earnestness that our extremity demands we
| must strike down everything that stands in our
i way, and by every proper means in our power.
In this work we should not only use the award
and cannon, but the instrumentality of laws and
military proclamations, if need be; and by puUifig
the means of warfare into the hands of the loyal
men of the South, of every shade of complexion;
turn the power of the enemy against them, ana
to our own advantage. Talk about such a policy
making this a political war and perverting its pur-
pose, when it has come to be a necessity if wc
propose to hasten its conclusion and save a farther
fearful waste of treasure and blood!
A great deal has been said of late upon the bill
just passed this House, providing for the gather-
ing and disciplining of persons ofAfrican descent
for the public defense. This has been charged as
anotherevidence of the political policy of this abo-
lition war, so-called; and bitter speeches have been
made to prejudice the Army against such use of
these persons that are everywhere coming within
our lines or being abandoned by their reuel mas-
ters and owners. All this opposition comes from
those interested in slavery, or those who have al-
ways clung to it as a source of political power,
and upon which they hope again to feast and fat-
ten when the Union is restored as they desire to
have it. In it is seen a means of defense and a
swift agency in our work of destroying the rebel-
lion and forever removing its cause and that which
now supports its life, and hence the opposition
which it meets from certain sources.
Sir, I have no fear that our Army will refuse
any loyal allies, or that they will prefer to fight
this battle alone, rather than have the loyal black
men of the South,who are ready and willing to aid
in this work under proper restrictions, upon their
own plantations, where now, by their toil and
sweat, they are laboring to furnish the very means
for the support of this war upon us, and the sub-
sistence upon which it thrives. To oppose such
a policy on the ground that it will degrade the
white man, and be an acknowledgment of our in-
ability to crush out the rebellion, is a false pride,
founded only in prejudice, and is an evidence
rather of our incapacity to manage such a strug-
gle as the one now upon us. Why so tender of
slavery in this struggle? Why are the energies*
of a certain portion of the Opposition bent to bol-
ster up its sinking fortunes when it is at this time
almost entirely in the hands and under the con-
trol of our enemies who are to-day living in their
rebellion upon its power, and turning it, with all
its vast resources in the field and upon the plant-
ation, upon the best Government the world ever
saw, and against the brave hearts and strong arms
of those we have sent out to defend it? Slavery
has committed suicide by its own act of treason,
and why shall we, by our aid and positive acts of
sympathy and support, try to resuscitate and gal-
vanize it into life, to exist as an element of power
against us in this struggle, and forever stand as
an insuperable barrier against our future peace
and the civilization of the age? In the revolution-
ary and the last war these colored men were used
to great advantage,and the policy was sanctioned
and adopted by Washington as well as by Con-
gress; and they were given not only their freedom,
but were treated like all other soldiers as to all the
benefits that followed the service in those wars.
Wchave greatly retrograded from the position our
fathers held upon this subject, and fallen far be-
low the noble standard left us by their patriotism
and wisdom.
All our experience during this struggle is in
favor of the use of these men, and the reports we
are now getting from our officers in the southern
departments of the military field, clearly estab-
lish the great utility and wisdom of the policy to
equip and use them m aid of our cause. AH na-
tions have done so in times of war, and the uni-
versal practice under circumstances like ours has
been to bung all such elements under control of
the power of the Government having the means
to use and apply them to its purpose. _ And now,
while we are discussing this proposition hert in
the American Congress, making ourselves the
objects of ridicule and contegipt as the slaves of
prejudice and political hatred in a time ot such
trial as this, the Emperor of the French is borrow-
ing colored soldiers of the Viceroy of Egypt, for
the purpose of transposing them to Mexico, to
aid him in bringing into subjection our neighbors
with whom we are at peace and on friendly rela-
tions. What a rebuke to our pusillanimity; and
