140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
CONDITIONS OF RELEASE OF STATE PRISONERS.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by him on Wednesday last:
Resolved, That the Sectary of War ho directed to in-
form the Senate if citizens, arretted by his authority or by
those acting under his authoiity, have not been required,
before they could obtain their release from imprisonment,
to take an oath, or give an obligation, that they would not
sue or bring an action for damages against those who had
arrested or caused them to be arrested.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that resolution lie
on the table.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion, so that I may say a word.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust the resolution will be
adopted. I have taken the trouble to investigate,
for my own satisfaction, something in regard to
these cases, and 1 think it is due to ourselves and
to the Secretary of War that he should have an
opportunity to state what are the facts; and they
will show a complete exculpation of himself, and
all those connected with him, from the charge
which the resolution seems to infer. So I am ad-
vised, and so I believe. I therefore hope that the
friends of the Secretary will allow the resolution
to be adopted, and let us see what are the facts.
Mr. POWELL. I desire that this resolution
shall pass for two reasons: first, if the informa-
tion be not correct, I wish the country to know
it, in order that the Secretary may be fully vindi-
cated, and I hope that may be the result of the
investigation, if the Senate order it. I have seen
it stated in various newspapers, and I have heard
various individuals state, that such oaths and ob-
ligations had been required of persons arrested by
order of the Secretary of War, before they were
released. I do not know whether such is the fact
or not. I regard these statements, if untrue, as
imputations upon the Secretary, and consequently
upon the Government, that ought to be met; and
if they are true, the facts should be known, in or-
der that the Secretary of War shall be held up to
the execration of all honest men. I hope it-may
turn out that the Secretary has required no such
oaths. It would be startling, indeed, in a coun-
try governed by law, that a citizen should be ar-
rested without authority of law, and then, before
he should be released, required to take an oath
that he would not appeal to the legal tribunals of
his country for satisfaction of the wrongs and in-
juries inflicted upon him. I do hope, for the credit
of my country, that it may turn out that the Sec-
retary of War has required no such oath. 1 do
not know whether he has or not. I know the pub-
lic journals have so stated; I know individuals
have so stated. I do hope that it may turn out, as
the Senator from Iowa suggests, that the Secre-
tary can exculpate himself. I hope he may do it;
but if lie does not, if the fact is as ] have under-
stood it to be, that he lias exacted these oaths, his
conduct should be held up to the scorn and con-
tempt of honest, law-abiding men throughout the
whole land.
Mr. MORRILL. I am not going to oppose the
passage of the resolution, but. simply to say, as
it is about to pass, that it is an illustration of what
we had the other day of the trifling character of
most of these resolutions; for it appears now that
the honorable Senator who moves it does not
himself understand that any such case exists, nor
has he any reasonable grounds to suspect that any
such case exists.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state that I have reasonable grounds to sus-
pect. Individuals have told me that they under-
stood such was the fact. The Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. McDouOtAi.l] stated, the other day,
that he understood the recoids of the War OlTice
bore such evidence; and J have seen it stated in
half a dozen or more newspapers. I donotknow
the fact, but I have reason to believe it dots exist.
Mr. MORRILL. It is the first time m my life
that I ever understood that, because some person 1
had said that a certain thing existed, that would, '
in the estimation of an honorable Senator on this 1
floor, authorize him to chaigu a fact before the !
country against a high public functionary. It j
turns out that the only ieason on earth  I
Air. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me, j
I do not charge it. The resolution is merely one J
of inquiry. It does not make the charge; it merely j
asks whether or not it is so. I
Mr. MORRILL. There is always an implica-
tion more or less strong in these resolutions of
inquiry. They are always so intended, so under-
stood, so meant; and certainly that importance is
attached to them by the remarks the honorable
Senator makes this morning. He says this morn-
ing, to give emphasis to his resolution, if it be
true, the Secretary should be held up to the exe-
cration of the public. Well, is it true? Why,
somebody has said that somebody else has heard
that the thing is true, and the honorable Senator
has seen it published in several of the newspapers
of the country, and that, in the estimation of the
Senator, authorizes him to bring in a solemn reso-
lution of inquiry upon which to make the founda-
tion of the remarks he has addressed to the Senate
this morning, stirring up the mind of the country
—already sufficiently stirred up, I suggest—to the
idea which has been kept before the country from
the beginning, that the officers of this Government,
in endeavoring to deal with rebellion, are violating
the rights of citizens, losing sight entirely of the
safety of the country and the danger of the coun-
try, and directing the energies of the country to
the inquiry whether it is not possible that amid
this great public disorder and confusion individ-
ual rights have been disregarded.
I do not rise, Mr. President, to oppose the res-
olution, but simply to say that it is of a class.of
efforts constantly made here in the Senate, "the
tendency—I do not say the design—of which is
to embarrass the Government; not to strengthen
the hands of the Government, but to weaken them.
Now, when the object should be to strengthen the
Government everywhcie, not to embarrass it, to
aid it in the performance of its legitimate duties,
almost every morning the Senate assembles the
morning hour is taken up by the introduction of
resolutions founded upon hearsay, and founded
upon the speculations of the press.
Mr. GRIMES? 1 am thankful to the Senator
from Kentucky for introducing this resolution. I
do not know what his motive may have been. I
do not know that I ought to be thankful for the
influence that impelled him to introduce it, but I
am thankful for the fact, because 1 happen to have
informed myself somewhat in regard to the sub-
ject-matter of the resolution . I have had no con-
ference with the Secretary of War on the subject;
but I have had conference* with those who have
had the control of that branch of the War Depart-
ment. I have seen some of the statements in the
newspapers, to which the Senator from Kentucky
has alluded, and I am satisfied that the resolution,
if passed, will enable the Secretary of War to ut-
terly disprove all these charges. I know that the
resolution itself is not kindly drawn. It is hardly
couched in courteous language. It seems to as-
sume that he has done these things. It asks the
Secretary, not, have you done it, but, have you not
done it? I am not going to carp or cavil witli that
phraseology. I want to get at the main fact; and
I think that when the mam fact is reached it will
be discovered that neither the Secretary of War
nor any man under him, howevcrhumble or how-
ever he has been connected with him, has ever
made any such requisition on any prisoner of
State or prisoner of war to enable him to discharge
him, or for anv other purpose.
Mr. POWELL. My sole object in presenting
the resolution was to get, in an authentic manner,
the fact as to whether the Secretary of War had
required such oaths as are indicated in the reso-
lution or not. As f before stated, I desired it for
two reasons: first, if it were not so, I wishpd the
rumor to be silenced forever, I hope, for the
honor of my country, that it may turn out that
these rumors of such oaths being exacted were not
true; and I confess, jf it were so, I wished the
public to know it, m order that they mt2;ht place
a just estimate on the public official who will thus
outrage the lights of a citizen.
Allow me to state, sir, so far as the lecture of
the Senator from Maine is concerned, that I will
not ask him when I shall introduce resolutions of
inquiry here. He seems to assume the manner
ot a censor over other Senators, because they, in
their places, choose to exercise the privilege of
asking for information from the head of a Depart-
ment. I recognize in that honorable Senator no
authority, no right, to exercise a censorship over
my conduct. I act here for myself; when I want
that Senator's advice as to when I shall ask for .
information, I shall ask for it. Until then, allow
me to tell him that it is ungraciously given. I
desire no such censorship over my conduct. I
am responsible here and elsewhere for all my acts.
This is the second time that Senator has under-
taken to lecture me. Allow me to tell that Sen-
ator,now and forever, that his lectures in that way
are distasteful. I hope that in the future he will
extend them to somebody else.
As to the remark of the Senator from Iowa that
he is obliged to me for introducing this resolution,
I trust that he is. I think that his notions of the
matter are correct. If this information that I ask
for should be answered negatively by the Secre-
tary, that he has never required such oaths, we
should all be delighted at it; the whole country
should know it, and we should be released from
the foul aspersions with which these rumors,
whether true or false, to a great extent impress
the public mind against a public official. If it is
true, then I hold that, for the honor and dignity
of the Republic, all men should look with scorn
and contcmpt at the official who would thus
violate the rights and privileges of a citizen. As
I said before, I hope it may turn out that the Secre-
tary has required no such oaths. I do not charge
that he has. I do not know that he has. It is
because of the very fact that I do not know that
I demand the information, having heard it in so
many forms, heard it suggested by a Senator on
this floor, seen it in various newspapers, and heard
various citizens say they had no doubt such were
the facts. 1 thought these different rumors, coming
in so many shapes and forms, did require that some
Senator should ask the Secretary to vindicate him-
self from this charge if untrue, and to state the
facts to the public if they were true, so that we
might know the whole facts. I repeat, I hope it
may turn out that the Secretary has required no
such oaths.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, I have said
nothing this morning to stir up the anger of the
honorable Senator, but I did criticise his proposi-
tions; and that I shall continue to do as long as he
continues to present them to the Senate, if, in my
judgment, they deserve criticism. It should not, I
think, afford occasion to the honorable Senator for
censure, or the exhibition of temper, that proposi-
tions which he sees fit to introduce here are charac-
terized as propositions not tending to promote the
public interests. I think the position which the
honorable Senator maintains towards the Senate
does not authorize him to assume that attitude
here. It has been his fortune, or his misfortune,
since the commencement of this Congress, to main-
tain an attitude ofopposition to the Administration
of the country; to maintain a position of opposi-
tion to the measures that this body has deemed ne-
cessary for the defense of the country. I do not
impugn his motives, but I shall fearlessly charac-
terize his measures whenever they are introduced;
whether he pleases to call it lecturing or to receive
it as lecturing, or otherwise. I feel quite as inde-
pendent, 1 would have the honorable Senator to
understand, in my position upon this floor, to crit-
icise measures which he may introduce as he does
to present them; and the function is equally legiti-
mate. I have no personal hostility to the honora-
ble Senator, and I am not conscious this morning
of having uttered any sentiment in regaid to him
which authorizes the remarks he has chosen to
make.
Mr. POMEROY obtained the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has omit-
ted to call up the special order of the day,suppos-
ing that this resolution would lead to but a very
brief debate. If the debate is to be continued, the
Chair deems it his duty to call up the special order
of the day, which is the bankrupt bill.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the special order
be postponed, in order that a vote may be taken
on this resolution. I do not believe that any other
Senator desires to spp.ak upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it be the unan-
imous sense of the Senate to continue the consid-
eration of the resolution, it can be considered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the bill come up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The consideration
of the bill which is the special order being called
for, it will be taken up.
general bankrupt law.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole, re-
