1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
obligations to aid and sacrifice in its behalf than any
other portion of our people for that reason.
But, sir, this demonstration on the part of cer-
tain men in the loyal States against the Govern-
ment will not effect its wicked purpose. Tliero is
evidently a great reaction going on among the peo-
ple, and especially in the Army. The people see
its object, and are beginning to draw back from its
countenance and support, while the Army is be-
ginning to turn its guns so as to demolish the ob-
stacle at home against its success. Pot haps no
bolder utterances of opposition or more defiant
attitude have been exhibited in any part of the
North than by t.he Democracy, or a portion of
that party, in Illinois and Indiana. Not only peace
propositions arc urged and insisted upon, which,
if adopted, would be a complete surrender to the
rebellion, but open and defiant opposition is pro-
posed and debated as the policy of that party to
the Government and its policy in prosecuting: the
war to save the Union. All means possible have
been and are still resorted to to poison not only
the people at home but the Army with their trea-
sonable sentiments, and arouse them against the
war, to take the side of peace, and stir up a bit-
ter hostility to the Administration and its policy.
This course, in fact, has* been pursued vigorously
for the last year by these men respecting all our
aiming, and especially the army of the Potomac,
by the distribution of newspapers filled with bit-
ter denunciations of the Government, and apolo-
gies for traitors in arms against it. It has had
the effect desired in many instances no doubt; but
all the disaffection—which never has been great—
that has existed in the Aimy is fast dying out
under the patriotic and loyal administration of
tiue and faithful men thatme now at the head, in-
spiring all with their spirit and temper. Espe-
cially do we .see this fact illustrated in the action of
the troops from Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio, who
have done such noble service in the West and
Southwest since this war began, reflecting imper-
ishable honor upon those States, and covering
themselves all over with glory. Seeing the de-
parture of those at home from the true path of
loyalty and patuousm, the tieasonable policy of
the peace they advocate, and their opposition to
the Government and us measures to suppress the
rebellion, the soldiers and officers m the field from
these thice States especially have sent up their
protest to such policy, and characterize, the pur-
poses and action of these Democratic leaders as
they deserve. At a meeting of the officers of all
the Illinois regiments in the vicinity of Corinth,
Mississippi—and there are a large number—the
following resolutions were passed unanimously:
" Whoiea-* oui Government is now engaged in a stt turtle
loi the perpetuation ot every n^ht dear to hs as Ametican
citizens, and lequned the united dibits of all good, tine,
and fo> al men in it< behalf; and, wiieieas we have beheld
Willi feeling's ofeadne*s and deep regret th<' bitter paitKm
feeling that i> becoming danj eiou«dy vindictive and niah-
nous in oui State. the tendency of* which i-> to paialvze
and initiate the plan*, of the Federal and State authori-
ties in then e libit* lo stippie&s tins infamous rebellion:
Theicfoj
u 1. liesolrcrf, That having pledged our mo^t cherished
eaithlv luteiest* to the service of our common country, in
tins horn of national pen I, we ask oui i tietul-j and ncighbois
at home to lay aside all petty p aloii -ae- and party animo^i
tie-,and, as one man, stand in tH in upholding the PreM-
dcntin his wat mea-ute^m maintaining the atithouty and
dignity of the Government, and m mifuiiing again the glo-
rious emblem of our nationality over eveiy city and town
of' leboldom." * *" * * * k
3. Rewire-!, That we have watched the traitoious con-
duct ot those member of the Legiihuuie 01 the Suite of
fpUlmoit5, who, mi-repie<;entin£  their constituencies, have
been mopoMiiga, cessation of the war. avowedly to ai range
teim* ot peace, but leally to give time to the neaily ex-
hausted ri bf'.a to lecovei their strength, and plotting to <li-
v*t Governor Vate- of the ngnt^. and authoiit> vested m
him by out Siate constitution and law-, and to them we
calmly ami fttmlv say: • Beware of the teuibie letubution
that i3 falling upon ><>ur coadjutots at the South.and that,
tw \our cinne is teniold blaekei, will swiftly smite \ou
with tenfold hoi tor. should you persist in your damnable
deed- ot tiea-on.'
'• 4. Resolved, That, m tendering our thanks to Governor
Yates, and as^ming hiui ot our cordial -uppotf in his effoits
to eiu-di this nihil man rebellion, we aie deeply and feelingly
in earnest. We have left to the pioteetion of the laws he
j-, to enfoice all that is deni to men—our wives, our chil-
dren, our patents our homes; arid should the loathsome
treason of the madmen who ase irun^ 5o west fiom lum
a portion of his jn-t authority rendei it necessary, m lus
opinion, for u* to leturn and crush out treason there, we
will piompth obey a pioper ordej so to do , (ot we de«pi^e
v. sneaking tnutor in the rear much m'ne than open lebel
in liont.
"•j Resolved, That we hold in detestation and will
execrate anj maH who, ni this struggle for our national life,
offer? factious opposition to either the Federal or State au-
thoutiesj in their e fib its for the vigorous piosecution of the
war, for the suppiession of this godless rebellion.
•'•'6. Resolved, That wo are opposed to all propositions
for a cessation of hostilities, or a compromise, other than
those pioposition* which the Government has constantly
offered . * Jleuu .i to loj alty, and ob'-dience to the laws, on
a commoti lev el with other States of the Union, under the
Constitution as our latheis made it.'
'• Colonel Hane. fiftieth Illinois; Lieutenant Colonel Phil-
lips, ninth Illinois : Lieutenant, Wilcox, fifty-second Illi-
nois, and other officer* present, then addressed the meeting.
On motion, it was decided to have a copy of the lesolutioris
sent to tho commanding officer of each Illinois regiment in
this distuet, to be read on dress parade to moirovv evening,
and be voted upon by the men of each regiment; also, that
copies of th$ proceedings be sent to Govcrnoi Yates, the
Speakci of the Senate and Ilou-e of Representatives of the
liC! isiatuie of Illinois, and to the Chicago and Springfield
papeis.
" Three rousing cheers were then given for our national
and State governments., three for our old flag, and thiee for
the Army and Navy ; alter winch the meeting adjourned
sine die."
A large portion of the officers and men of the
Illinois regiments, we are told by our Democratic
friends, ate of their party, but theiraction seem* to
be unanimous and earnest, without any reference
to political viewsordiflciences. These resolutions
were lead at dtess parade before all the regiments
in the vicinity, and, so far as reports have been
received, they were adopted unanimously and
with enthusiasm by all the men, with the excep-
tion of ten votes against thorn m one of the regi-
ments. General John A. Logan, commanding a
poition of these troops, is reported to have said
as follows:
•"General John A. Logan says he would like to take his
division up to Jlhnois and annihilate the tuutors thete.
The Arim- generally would hke to send fho-c ftnifotous
seoundiels in our State and Indiana to that place wheie a
diop of cold watei would bo moic agieeablc to them than
the sign of tho Golden Cncle."
We all know General Logan, and have heard
of his disapproval of the couise pursued by his
Democratic fi iends in Illinois before. He left his
seat in this Hall as a Democrat, and is a Demo-
crat still for all I know; but he is a loyal Demo-
crat,and his loyalty js noteouditionul. llestands
by his Government m the field, by his snlTerinas,
his btavery.and the use of his strong arms m
striking down the enemy in ft on t, and rhai at
the same time up«m those at home, who aie Keek-
ing to d istraet, divide, and create a fite m the rear.
But, sir, the action of the hrave men fiom In-
diana is not less conspicuous and cheering. 1 he-
gin with the letter of Hon Cyrus L. Dunham, tine
of the leaders of tho old Demoeiaey, well known
in Washington as a piomment Democrat,du1 ing
his distinguished ox yeais' service in the Con-
gress o{ the United States, lie wasa memberof
the Legislatiue before he went to Congress, and
after his congressional term he was Democratic
presidential elector for his district, and subse-
quently seeretai y <>f State during an entire guber-
natorial term. lie is now colonel of the fiftieth
Indiana legmiont, which is located at Jackson,
Tennessee, in a letter to Governor Morton, of
Indiana, Colonel Dunham says:
i] ea dqv vrtfrs sfc0nd brigade,
Jackson, Tennfsski:, February 4, 186*2.
Govtrnok • 'J'lii^ will be handed to you by Major Atkin-
son, ol the irionoiH old 111 no ill, wiio conies home to gathct up
oui (b>ei tens. 1 hope he will have all the aid and influence
\ oij can give him. Vigoious measuies must be adopted, oj
out Aims, under the influence of the -eonndiels and trai-
tor at home, who are, by their lettci-\ seafteimg discon-
tent among our s-oldieis, will be demoralized and destroy cd.
and the i-eou'ge of this w.it will. in b"-s than -ix months,
be rolled back upon the fan fields of our own gloiious
IVoftltwevf,
The>e men know not what they do, and it they c.\pect any
cencial i-vmputhy m tho Army (hey are leekoning without
rlieiri.o>t i
1 hope j on will u<e your influence at Washington to set j
a law pav cd ie(juitiiig all the United State-* marshal* and ,
the;r depute--, «'tiJ coiJeeioKv ol* oUernal icvcnuo and then ,
deputies, to aire.-t all de^yi ter^. and lodge them at the near- ;
est mihtaiy po-t; making itai-o a penal offence, inilieta!)lc j
in the di U«el comtof tin* Cmted States, for anyone to j
hatboroj employ a deserter, knowing him to be Mich ; and ■
that know ledue tii.u the individual had been in the m-iuco
of the United ►Suo-s ^jonld be -prima fane ev d<;nc« <>t
knowledge that he was a de>erter: making, also, contiacts <
with a de-ei ter void. Do not, for God's >ake, let tin-, army :
be -.o weakened that we f-hall be driven back in humiliation j
to witnoNs tin- de-olation of our own home. J
Respectfully yuan-, C. L. DUNII.V.M. {
The next testimony is an " address to the De- '
mocracy of I ndiona,''' dated at r lelena, Ark<uisas, :
February 2,1863, signed by Bi igadter Geneial A. j
P. Hovey, no less distinguished m the Democratic ;
ranks than Colonel Dunham, having been elected I
by the Democracy judge of the circuit court, sub- 1
sequently judge of the supreme court of the State !
of Indiana, and was also a prominent Democratic
member of Unconstitutional convention; William
T. Spicely, coloncl of the twenty-fourth Indiana,
a well known Democratic leader; William E*. Mc-
Lean, colonel of the forty-third Indiana, who has
been a Democratic editor for many years atTerre
Haute; George P. M'Gmnis,colonel of the elev-
enth Indiana, another Democratic leader of dis-
tinction; James II. Slack, colonel of the forty*
seventh Indiana, who was a Democratic member
of both Houses in the Legislature, and the Demo-
cratic candidate for Congress at the last election in
his district. In this address, signed by these five
brave men, they speak as follows of tho Demo-
cratic leaders in their cosy home retreats. Their
appoal should sink deep into every loyal Demo-
cratic heai t:
"The lcbeis of the South arc leaning on the northern
Democracy tor fupport, and it is unquestionably true that
uniu^utiable opposition to the Administration is'givtngaid
and comfoi t to ihe enemy.' While it is the duty of patriots
to oppose the usurpation of power, it is alike their duty to
avoid captious eruicu-ms that might create the very evils
which they attempt to avoid
" The name ol Democrat, associated with all that is bright
and glorious in the hit-ioiy of the past, is being sullied and
di^gtaced tiy demagogue^ who aie appealing to the lowest
prejudices and pasMons of out people. We have nothing
to expect from the South, and nothing to hope, without their
conquest. They are now u-ing their money fieely to sub-
sidize the pie-sand politician- of the North, and with what
etfect the tone of some ol our journals and the speeches of
some of oui leaders too plainly and pamtully testily.
'• We see wuh deep M>lic itudc and iegret that there an
undeieinrcnt in Indiana, tending towauls a coalition of the
Not thwe^i wnh the South against, the eastern States. Be
not deceived. Tau-e, lot the love you bi ai to yoiu country,
and lefloct. Tin* movement w only a lehcl scheme in dis-
guise, that would involve you, alike wuh themselves, in the
eiime of icbelhon, and bung to your own heai Historic* the
desolation of a Fiench revolution. Sepaiation on either
iidCjWiih peace in the future, ib impossible; and we are
compelled by self-niteiest, by every principle of honor and
evci.v impulse of manhood, to bang tins unholy contest to
a ^uec^sfdl teiimnation.
u What! admit that we are whipped'' That twenty-three
million nouhcin men aie unequal to nine millions of the
^oufli? ^hame on the State that would enfettuin «o dts-
graecin'a pioposilion J HJiame upon the Democrat Who
would submit to it, and raise his cowardly voice and claim
that he was an Indianian! Il'i and sueii dastards, with
their eiT-priti'i. are fiti mti.isdN' upon which should be built
the Imdly ^ttuetule of their southern nristociacyl Ami
\\ ith whom would tlu< unlio'y alliance be former! ? With
in- n who have foi<joj.ton tiu ;r t.uhet^, their oath«, their
enuniiy, an l their God—with ijuetiilla^, eotton-buiners.
With tho>e who iotee «-vcrj male inhabitant of tho South,
capable ol beuung arms, into the field,though starving wives
and babes aie |<;it behind ! Men who persecute and hang
ot ditvehotn their linen every man, woman, and child who
will not i.ill down and wor.-mp their southern pod. And
\et free-botn num of our Slate will sympathize with such
tytnntv, and dare.to even dieain of coalition J Indiana's
proud and lojal legions number at least seventy thousand
< fleetive men in the field, and, as wilh one gieat iieart, we
know th<;> wnnld repudiate all unholy combinations tend-
m« to the disniembr'i mcnt of our Government.
" in tin** dark hom of oui country'^ tual, there is but one
rojvl to slice and peace, and that is, to be as firmly unl-
/ ed for our Government n-> the i e.beU arc against it. Small
difleren^es of opinion amount to nothing in this grand
sliumjle loi a nation'tj existence. Do not place even one
ptiavv in the way, and remembei that every word von speak
to encourage the South, nerves the arm that striked the
blow which is aimed at the heart's* blood of our brothers
and kindied.''
General R. H. Milroy, who has just been nom-
inated by the President to the position of ma-
jor general, says, in speaking of the resolutions
adopted by the Indiana regiments in Rosecrans'a
army:
" I desire to thank these biave ofticerswho, knowing no
party save that (ot the Union, have adopted these resolu-
tions which meet my mo^t heaity appioval.
" Any man,or «et of men, who. ni line's like these, when
out Governmeni is engaged in a deadly struggle for its ex-
istence—a smi^ale which involves not only the fate of free
^oveiument in our countrj. bur tor all the world—would
attempt to displace and pio.Mitute the name of Democrat
by otgani/ing a p'uty under that nam" to oppose the Gov-
ernment and" divide and distiat.t the people of the loyal
Stated, aie uaitor-s. muofi meanei than those hi arms, who
boldlv and directly f-eek the destruction ot the Government;
loi the>e pietended DemociaK, sneakmgly and indirectly,
seek the same < nd by exciting piejudicc against the Gov-
ernnient and division anions the people.
" Let these traitors of the" Indiana Legislature, and the
copperheads, butternuts, and K. G. ('.'s tlnoughout the
Stale, who are giving aid, comfoit, and encouragement to
armed treason in the South, read in the odium that has fol-
lowed the memorvof the Blue Liyht Fedeialists and llart-
foid i 'onventioni&ts of 181-2, something of tho execration
and detestation that will follow their memory down the
stream of time.
ik I join u ith mvfellovv-soldicrsof the Union everywhere
in w;u nine the*** tumor* at home that whenwe have crusiied
aimed treason at the South, and restoied the sovereignty
ol our Government over these misguided States, (which,
niidei God, wc surely will do.) we will, upon our return,
while oui hands aie in, also'exterminate treason at the
Notth, by arms, if need be, and seal, by the blood of trai-
tors, wherever found, tiie permanent peace of our country,
