142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Mr. HARLAN. I propose the following amend-
ment, to be inserted after the word "debts," in the
ninth line of the first section:
Except such as have accrued on account of personal
service as a mechanic, laborer, or servant.
So that the section will read:
Shall, upon the surrender and delivery of all his property
for distribution among hiscreditors, accordingto the provis-
ions ofthisnct, be entitled to a full discharge from his debts,
except such a* have accrued on account of personal seivice
as a mechanic, laborer, or servant, to be decreed and cer-
tified in the manner and to the extent hereafter ptovided.
, Mr. FOSTER. There is a provision in the bill
which gives to debts of that class preference in
the distribution of the bankrupt's effects, recog-
nizing the claim of those in the situation alluded
to in the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
and I should hope that he would consider that
provision as adequate.
Mr. HARLAN. Read it.
Mr. FOSTER. I do not know that I can turn
to it at this moment, but the provision is to give
to all such claims, that have arisen in the six months
preceding bankruptcy, a preference over all other
claims. It was intended to guard debts that were
due for labor, and give them a preference.
Mr. HARLAN. I have not had the opportu-
nity of reading the bill through carefully; I there-
fore move that its further consideration be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. 1 suppose there is no particular
desire to do that immediately.
Mr. HARLAN. I made the motion merely that
I may have the opportunity ofexammingthe point
that the Senator from Connecticut has suggested.
Mr. HALE. I hope the motion will prevail;
and I hope the bill will not be taken up for action
until after the 1st of January. I do not think it
is practicable in the time that remains to us before
that day to make much progress. I for one am
certainly desirous of doing something to effectuate
the object of this bill; but the subject is an embar-
rassing one, and the considerations that embarrass
it arise from the fact stated by the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut in his remarks yesterday,
(which were very satisfactory as far as they went,)
that we have had but two bankrupt bills since we
have been a Government. The first was passed
by the Federal party just before they went out of
power in 1800, and it entered into the considera-
tion of the political campaign that followed, and
was repealed by the Democrats as soon as they
got into power. It was one of the themes that
were agitated in that contest, as history informs
us; and such was thu odium with which the De-
mocracy of that early day loaded the measure, that
it slumbered for something like forty years. In
1841, the Opposition to the Democracy came into
power, having elected General Harrison Presi-
dent. One of the acts of that Congress was the
passage of another bankrupt law. it was passed,
and that party went out of power; and in the next
Congress, a Democratic Congress having come in,
that bankrupt law was repealed m 1843.
Mr. HOWARD. It was the same Congress
that passed it that repealed it.
Mr. HALE. Was it so ?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; it was repealed at
the third session of the same Congress.
Mr. HALE. Then it was repealed quicker than
I thought it was; but at any rate it was assailed
by the Opposition at that time, and repealed. If
the Senator from Michigan is right, I was mis-
taken. I had supposed it was not repealed until
the Congress following; but he says it was re-
pealed by the Congress that passed it.
Mr. FOSTER. It was repealed on the 3d of
March, 1843.
Mr. HOWARD. The very day the Twenty-
Seventh Congress expired.
Mr. HALE. That was the last day of the ses-
sion of the Congress that passed it. Well, sir, it
entered into the politics of that day 
Mr.FOSTER. Therepeahngaet wes approved
on the 3d of March, 1843. 1 may have been wrong
in saying that it was passed on tfiat day; it may
have passed two or three days before. I
Mr. HALE. It entered into the politics of that |
day; and, 1 must say for myself, that the repeal
was unfortunate legislation; for that bill, winch |
was assailed vehemently for its retroactive opera- j
tion, had nearly exhausted itself upon all the i
retroactive cases that could come up, and when
it was prepared to operate prospectively, as it was
conccdetl that a bankrupt bill ought to do, then it
was repealed. Thus, when it had done all the
mischief or alleged mischief that it could do, and
was prepared to do some good, if ever it could,
then it was repealed. And these are the only two
experiments we have ever tiied in this country in
regard to making a bankrupt law.
Now, sir, I will tell you what my fears are. I
fear, and fear exceedingly, that if we should pass
this bankrupt law at the close of this Congress—
and wo are near the close of it—it will enter into
the political discussions of the. ensuing summer,
and, if it be not repealed by the next Congress, it
will be an element in the canvass that is to decide
the next Presidency. I fear that it will enter into
the politics of the country, will be made a party
question, and that, however upright and pure
may have been the conduct and motives of those
who pass it, it will be assailed, it will be de-
nounced as an aristocratic measure, a measure for
the benefit of speculators, ruined merchants; and
the vulgar prejudices of the populace will be ap-
pealed to, and an excitement will be created, the
result of which would be that it would be re-
pealed, and that would be the end of a bankrupt
law in this country for another half century at
least. That, I fear, will be the result of a bank-
rupt law passed at this time by this Congress.
l should be glad to be informed, and I hope the
honorable Senator from Connecticut, who has
certainly given a great deal of attention to this
subject, will be able to tell us," when the feature
of voluntary bankruptcy, which is a prominent
feature of this bill, as it was a prominent feature
in the bankrupt bill of 3841, first became embodied
into the legislation of any country making a bank-
rupt law. My impression is, that it was not till
long and long after bankrupt law had been intro-
duced in other countries thst this principle of
voluntary bankruptcy was incorporated; and I
remember at the time the last bankrupt law was
passed, that this principle was assailed as being
not pertinent legitimately to a bankrupt law, but
partaking of the nature of an insolvent law.
I have said that I am favorable to the object of
such a bill. I am willing to go as far as anybody
to relieve those that have been embarrassed and
burdened by commercial failures; but I think the
honorable Senator from Connecticut is a little mis-
taken in supposing that commercial failures have
been more numerous, more frequent, and more
disastrous within the last two or three years than
they have been heretofore. I remember reading
a lecture, made by General Dearborn, of Boston,
a good many years ago, before the Mechanic's
Association, in which he made this striking an-
nouncement: thatofall the men who commenced
mercantile business in this country, more than
ninety per cent, failed—more than ninety out of
every hundred. Not long since, within a short
time, I was mentioning that remark to a very dis-
tinguished and very intelligent and a very suc-
cessful merchant in Boston, and Lo told me that
his observation, since he had been a merchant and
acquainted with mercantile history, was that Gen-
eral Dearborn's remark of ninety per cent, did
not come up to the actual number; that the fail-
ures of those who commenced mercantile business
were considerably larger even than ninety per
cent.; so that though there may have been some
peculiar cases of failure growing out of the pecu-
liar circumstances of the country, I do not think
it will be found that the failures for the last two
years have very much exceeded the average of
any given period for a long time back.
1 am willing to aid m passing, and hope to be
able to see passed at some time, a bill which shall
give an equitable and honest relief to unfortunate
debtors; but 1 tell you I do fear, and fear exces-
sively, that you may pass what bill you please,
you may make it as perfect as human wisdom
can make it, and whatever bill you pass will be
denounced in the press by politicians, will enter
into the politics of the country, and will very soon
be repealed—at least as soon as those who assail
it aieable by their majorities to do so. If there
is any single thing which is desirable to all classes,
it is that a bankrupt law should be considered on
its purely mercantile and beneficent operations,
not brought into the arena of party politics; and
if it is in human wisdom to devise such a.scheme
as that, whoever does it will confer a great benefit
upon the country. But, sir, I exceedingly fear
that the passage of a bankrupt bill by this Con-
gress at this time will be disastrous to the hopes
of those who desire to see it incorporated perma-
nently into the legislation of the country; and I
should look upon it as a great mischief, if by any
action of ours, however*we!l intended and well
meant, we should contribute anything to such a
catastrophe as that, for I should look upon it as a
catastrophe.
In making these remarks, I do not mean to inti-
mate that I shall vote against this bill when it is
matured and prepared, but simply to say that
these are some of the difficulties which lie in my
way, and sortie of the difficulties which embarrass
my action. I shall hope that this measure may,
by some means, either by us or our successors,
be so matured and so arranged, and so divested
of everything which may make it obnoxious to
the partisan appeals of the politicians, that it may
ultimately become a part of the permanent, set-
tled policy of the land, and incorporated perma-
nently into its legislation.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I concur most
entirely with the views of the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire in regard to the desirable-
ness of having this bill considered separate and
wide apart as possible from the questions of party
politics. I so intimated yesterday; and I am as
sincerely desirous of it as he or any other Sen-
ator can be; and it is partly for that reason that I
have asked the attention of the Senate to this bill
thus eaily in the session; and I think that the
honorable Senator will defeat his own object very
much by moving to postpone it, or intimating'
that it js desirable to postpone it until after the
1st of January. Between this and the 1st of Jan-
uary, we have probably less pressure upon us
than we shall have at any time during the session.
This bill, all agree, is one of importance. It has
necessarily a great deal of detail. It will take a
good deal of time to go over the different provis-
ions of the bill and mature i.t; and by occupying
the time between this and the 1st of January on
this subject, we can do it more effectually and
perfectly than we can at any other period; for
if wc postpone this bill until after the 1st of Jan-
uary, we all know how it will be; we shall have
other questions before us of paramount interest,
exciting, greatly exciting in their character; and
a matter which does not bear directly on the great
question which agitates the country, the rebellion,
will be exceedingly apt to get the go-by. Sen-
ators will nfct sit here very patiently from day to
day, to mature a bill so full of detail as this ne-
cessarily is.
I must therefore insist, Mr. President, upon
keeping this bill before the Senate at the present
time from day to day, giving way, of course, on
any special occasion when the Committee on Fi-
nance or the Committee on Military Affairs may
have some question which calls for immediate ac-
tion. Unless we keep this bill before the Senate
from now till the lstof January, it will necessarily
be lost for this session.
Then, again, as to the hopefulness of our being
able at some future session to pass a bill that shall
not get into the arena of party politics, I know of
no reason to hope that any political millennium is
so near at hand that this bill had better be post-
poned until the beginning of that happy period.
£ suppose we shall continue to have pai ties in the
country as long as wc have a country. We can
take no "bond of fate;" we can give no guarantee
at any time that any legislation will not become
party legislation. I do not know that there is any
more danger that this bill will be made a party
question if passed at this session than if passed
at any future session of Congress. What reasons
are there for believing that the present time is an
inauspicious time ? I know of none.
The honorable Senator has alluded to a remark
I made yesterday in regard to the great number
of failures and the amount of indebtedness at the
present time, and suggested that I might be mis-
taken in supposing there had been a greater amount
of failures and indebtedness accruing within the
past two years than at former times, in view of a
fact that is represented by a very intelligontman,
that ninety per cent, of all those who went into
mercantile business failed. I alluded not to an
increase of the percentage of failures; but in con-
sequence of the great increase of business in the
country, the great increase of men engagedm busi-
ness, there has been a vastly greater number of
failures than heretofore, and for vastly greater
amounts. If there were ninety per cent, of fail-
