1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
ures thirty years ago, there may be no more than
ninety per cent, now; but for every ninety or one
hundred merchants thirty years ago, there ate 1
do not know how many hundreds now. What I
mean is, that there never before were in (his coun-
try so many men who needed this law as theie are
now; there never was before such an amount of
indebtedness. There were more than seven thou-
sand men, as I have before remarked, made bank-
rupt in the year 1861, where the amount of in-
debtedness was over five thousand dollars. That
never was true in any former year of this country
since the Government was founded, as i believe.
It is for these reasons that we are called upon
to act now, imperatively calleilupon; and the fear
lest party should come in and attack this legisla-
tion ought not to restrain us from doing what we
believe to be salutary, just, and necessary. I be-
lieve if we pass a proper law, the country will
demand its continuance. Let us labor to that end;
exert ourselves to make such a bill as we think
the best that can be made; let us devote ourselves
to that purpose strenuously, constantly, and pass
the bill, and leave it to those who come after us
to undo our work, if they think best. We can-
not provide against that. JNo Congress can bind
its successors. The best law that we can pass
will be subject to repeal by those who come after
us; but that should not deter us from passing it.
I must insist, Mr. President, upon kei ping the
bill before the Senate during these very days when
of all others I hope to be enabled to make prog-
ress in it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Iowa to postpone the further con-
sideration of this bill until to-moirow.
Mr. FOSTER. And make it the special order
at one o'clock. I move that as an amendment.
Mi. FESSENDRN. I hope not. I hope we
shall not begin to make special orders.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires a
vote of two thirds to make it a special order.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn. That will leave it the special order, being
the unfinished business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 19, 1&G2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. T. H. Stockton.
The Journal ol yesterday was read and approved.
BOOKS FROM BRITISH MUSEUM.
The SPEAKER laid before the Houseacommu-
nicatiof) from the President of the United States,
transmitting a copy of a dispatch to the Secretaiy
of State from Mr. Adams, Minister of the United
States at London, and a copy of the correspond-
ence accompanying it, relative to certain valua-
ble publications presented to the Library of Con-
gress; which was referred to the Committee on
the Library.
DELAYS TN PAYING POLDIBUS.
The SPEAKER also hud before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, m answer to a resolution of the House rel-
ative to delays in the payment of moneys due to
soldiers; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to bo printed.
NON-COMBATANTS IN PIU30N.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Seeietaty of Wni, in
answer to a resolution of the House m relation to
sutlers and other non-combatants now held as
prisoners at Richmond; which was refeired to the
Committee on Military ArKairs.
VOTE RECORDED.
Mr. VAN 1I0RN asked and obtained consent
to have his vote recouh'd in favor of the passage
of the Army appropriation bill.
RECAPTURED AFRICANS AT MONROVIA.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution:
Resohed, That the Seeietaty of the Intel lot bo l equated,
if not nieoii![).iubie with the public- ii'leie-.!, to (oiniinim-
eufo to tin-- Hoiisi> ;my ooinmuuKMUoiis ot the Jli-v John
Seys, ;ig''iit at Moniovni of the C/'mt'd States ior teenp-
tur'od Ante.m-, oi otheis. telative to the oate taken bj the
authorities and people of Liberia over nueh liberated Afrt
cans as wore landed in that republic dining the yeais 18tK)
and I £61, agreeably to ouieis nom tins Government.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I object to the form
of the resolution. I suggest to the gentleman
fiom Pennsylvania to strike out the woids "re-
quested, if not incompatible with the public inter-
est," and insert the word "directed,5' according
to the rules of the House.
Mr. KELLEY. I accept the modification.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
DISCHARGE OF DISABLED SOLDIERS.
Mr. LAW, by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs l>e, and
they are hereby, instiiietod to tepoit to thi^ ilous-e, by bill
or otherwise, some mode b} which the i-nldior-* of oui Aimv
who are rendered unfit for peunanent duty by iea<on of
wound* oi disability inclined tu the service of the United
State-:, be at once dw.-haisred tiom the same; and that all
soldier-- who aie now at the several nuhtaiy hospitals, and
who are convalescent and lit lot dun , be icturned to their
rej-pectivo regiments'. AK-o, that they bo requested to m-
quiie into the piopuety of e>labh*hing a hoaid of medic.il
otlieoivto be detailed by the Suigoon (Jenetal 0! the Annv
ol the United Mate*«, tu examine into '-ueh ea^es b\ vi-u-
ins the --eveial ho-piiuN of the Annv, and :w"it:iiiMn<* by
examination the Jitney oi unlitno*!- of the soldier theiem
confined, lot duty, and with full powei to di-ehurgu or re-
turn to then leirimonfs tho-e fitted or unfitted loi the mu vice,
upon '-neh examination. Said boaid, alter such examina-
tion, to icpoi* to the Suereun Geucial then action in the
pi onuses, v\ hose duty it -hall be to repoit the same to Con-
gre -tf.
The following communication from a soldier in
the convalescent camp was lead:
Convalescent Cami',near Ai.ex vndria, Virginia,
l)c(cmbci 1.1, 18tv2.
Sir: We are in a very deplorable situation heie. The
cam;) i-< dirty and full of \eimm. The .i-^ouation;- ate vnj I
unpleasant and desiadiin? to .i-:. We (eel we cannot stay
here and loinam as health} as we came Watet is not ^o j
uuhaudy to jr^t at, but we aie compelled to cany oui u ood i
<i!)Oiit two unle-<. Tie- vvo"d wt) <ha>" not s-iffit lent foi i
ciiimai.v pui po-es and we aie compel I < d, in this weathei,
to keep ines to waimby. We do not complain ol oui late '
—it is sold'er-' idle. Some ol n> wmi vei v much to be
cut to oui rt'iruii'-nt^; heeait-e. having -food b\ ourcolois J
so lonj;, and now ictuinmtr 'roin iio-pit.iN wheie we have j
been suck and wounded, we wini to -iuue the danuetr. and j
honour we have hcietoiou: -hand with our coimadc-, and, i
if we aie ioitunate enough to escape tebel bullet--, '• to be t
in at the death." At lea>t I would go tiuouyh another ;
vintietanim ptefeience to -.faying lieie, any lime We (hid |
it a haul matte) to be -out on, and we lemain cooped up 1
here, wlnl<- oui minds Mixiei a- miieh a* out bodies hoin it
Some ate notlit toi setviee—ate worn out and pctmauently ,
di-f'd-ed-—and it 1-. an iUmo-i inipo-^ihle mattei to obtain a ■
di-oh.iuje, let alone a piehmiiian examination theieto, We i
of the mm to-nth ha\ e teee-\ e<) no pa> mnee up to .1 une oO, j
1862, ahnost -iv month-. Member ot the orhei ie^un<,nl> '
ai-* in like condition, and 1 -pej>k ot the toutteenth, ^ev.-nth.
fwenii-'tii, nineteenth, aad twenty-seventh and thuteenth,
too, f think.
If you could p'-ocuie its the liberty of rrmaimn? -oirie-
where el-e until we can he sent to our icirimeriH and pio-
cine discharges, we would thank you a«d temembei \ou ;
oi ev'Mi il \ou coitld. In anv mean-, help to obtain our
de-ire- ot pay at an eatlv jx'iiod ol nine.
As I wnte, fhcie is Ivnis; be me, on the ground, a com- .
rade who is siek asiani, thou?h lie ju<t came here well, la<t
Thursday eveijin-:, nom NVn ,uk, ,\cw Jjtsc y, whither ho
had been sent h()m the peninsula. Not one of Us hut has
lost health hero.
In eoneiasion. Jud2'\ will vou, if tn your power, render
u-^ -iiiiii1 .ml ? We aie iar fioni home, h and our Stale's
piotectjuii. Wi* wen; gentlemen onee, and we feel deeply 1
the degradation of the company and a^ociations ol th.s
[)i<IC''.
I rim. vfiv re-p^eftulli, foi self and other hidiatiians,
yoili obede nt "-eivant,  .
Hon John l,uv. M. C. from Indiana.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to make a sin-
gle renuuk in iefeien< c to this resolution, prehm-
inai y to action upon it. Theie is a bill on (lie ta-
ble in re^at d to thi.s su! ject, with whieli my friend
from MusKttehutfetts [Air. HurFiNTOv] is tamihar,
and whn'h has bom before flie Committee on Mil-
itat y Allaire. The committee is anxious to do
whatever is necessary to be done m order to facil-
itate the dischaige of soldieis incapable of further
seiviee. We did behove that tin"1 law was ample
aheady, but we may have been mistaken in that.
There is a Senate bill on the table m relation to
this subject, which my fi lend fiom iMa'-sachus'-tts
desti es to call up now, and 1 hope the llou.se will
consider and pess U.
Mr. IjUFFLNTON. I ask unanimous consent '
to take from rhe Speaker's table Senate bill No.
420, and have it put upon its passage.
Mr, BLAKK. 1 d< si re to oifer an amendment
to the resolution. I move to amend by adding to
it the following:
And are also neti ucted to mqir >e into the evpedioncv and
propuctv o; [ilaeni^ the i onvale^cnt ho-pital, lieai Alex-
andn.t. m eh.ir^r oi the burgeon 'Jeneral oftiie Attny.
I desire to say, in regard to this convalescent
hospital near Alexandria, that i am informed by
the Surgeon General that that hospital is not under
his control at all, and that if it were placed under
his control, he would remedy the defects that ex-
ist there. The bill that has passed the Senate
docs not affect the convalescent hospital at all. I
spent a whole day there, and know that it is not
fit to keep hogs in, and that soldiers are dying
there from neglect. I know that they ought to be
attended to immediately,and believe that the only
remedy existing for it is to place it under the con-
trol of the Suigeon General of the Army. That
is the object of my amendment.
Mr. LAW. I accept the amendment.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. BUFFINTOiN". I now ask the consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate bill No. 420, and put it upon its passage.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 420)
to facilitate the discharge of disabled soldiers from
the Army, and the inspection of convalescent
camps and hospitals, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, and read a first and second time. The
first section adds to the present medical corps of
the Army two medical inspector generals and eight
medical inspectors, to be appointed by the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, by selection from the medical corps of the
Auny, or from the suigeons in the volunteer ser-
vice, without regard to their rank when so se-
lected, but with sole regard to qualifications, and
who are to have the rank, pay, and emoluments
now authorized by law to officers of those grades.
The second section provides that the officers
of the medical inspector's department shall be
charged, m addition to the duties now assigned
to them by existing laws, with the duty of making
regular and frequent inspections of all military
goneial hospitals and convalescent camps, and
they are, upon each inspection, to designate to the
surgeon in charge of such hospitals or camps all
soldiers who may be, in then opinion, fit subjects
for dischaige from the service on surgeon's cer-
tificate of disability, or sufficiently recovered to
be returned to their regiments for duty. And the
medical inspecting officers are to be empowered,
under such regulations as may be hereafter estab-
lished, to direct the return to duty, or the dis-
charge from the service, as the case may be, of
all soldiers designated by them.
Mr. BLAKE. I move to amend the second
section by striking out the words u on surgeon's
certificate of disability;" so that soldiers may be
discharged who are fit subjects for discharge.
Mr. RUFFINTON. I accept that amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 want to inquire from
the mover of this amendment what its effect is to
be. Wo all agree that a great many of the sol-
diers m the hospitals ought to be discharged.
The work cannot all be done by one person, and
if the bill makes it incumbent on the soldiers to
go to the Surgeon General for their dischaige, I
am opposed'to it.
Mr. BLAKE. The object that I have in view
is to dispense with the surgeon's certificate, for
the reason that it will be impossible for soldiers
to obtain it. My amendment enables this board,
when it sees that a soldier is disabled and unfit
for further service, to discharge him without a
surgeon's cei tificate. Half of the Army surgeons
do not know anything, and are utterly unfit for
their positions. Many of them are worthy men,
but many others have gone into the service to
learn their business by operating on soldiers. I
want to have this thing done away with.
Mr. MePHERSON. It seems to me, Mr.
Speaker, that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Blake] does not entirely understand the provis-
ions of this bill. It provides for a board of in-
spectors to visit these Army hospitals,and confers
upon thom the power of discharging men who are
unfit for furiht r service.
Mr. BLAKE Yes; on surgeon5s certificate.
Mr. McPHiuRSON. These inspectors are
ranking offieeis, and are made so for the purpose
of compelling the persons in charge of hospitals
to dischaige those soldiers whom they may rec-
ommend for discharge.
Mr. BLAKE. On surgeon's certificate.
Mr. McPtlERSON. It is impossible now for
them to compel surgeons to give ceitificates. This
bill makes them ranking officers, and thus em-
powers them to compel the surgeons to give these
certificates.
