1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
Magistrate. With this allegation I take distinct,
unequivocal issue; it is not founded in fact. The
people of Maryland, under the dictates of their
own deliberate and enlightened judgment, with a
free will, have taken position and mean to stand
sternly in the column of those loyal States who
are in battle array around this Government, de-
termined to vindicate the honor of its flag. Great
delusion on this subject exists outside of Mary-
land. Gross error has been engendered in the
public mind because the people of Maryland and
her great emporium have been judged of from the
conduct of their public functionaries. In this
there is great injustice. Oidinarily, by that pro-
cess, a correct judgment as to the people of a State
may be formed. A superficial consideration of a
few transactions well known to be tiue will place
this subject in a pioper point of view.
Mr. Speaker, 1 read, in my retirement, a short
time ago—two years ago—the proceedings of a
self-created convention,'held in the city of Balti-
more. That convention pretended to represent
the State of Maryland; and how were the dele-
gates elected to it? By primary assemblages of
the people, and not by vote; not by any process
which would ascertain the will of the people. The
delegates to that convention were appointed in lit-
tle caucuses and petty meetings. Oneofthem,in
the county from which 1 come, could have been
dispersed by a single individual, [laughter;] but if
dispersed, they could have published the proceed-
ings of a convention in a newspaper, declaring it
was a most august assembly, and that five men
had been appointed to go down to Baltimore, to
meet other gentlemen from other counties, simi-
larly appointed, to signify the will of Maryland !
Having assembled, one of the icsolutionsadopted,
1 believe, declared in effect that no man, making
any pietensions to respectability, in Maryland,
differed with them in the opinionsexpressed. Out-
side of that convention there were thousands of
the people keeping step to the music of the Union;
men, sir, who weie the equals, as intellectual and
moral beings, of the members of that self-consti-
tuted assemblage. That convention deputed a
portion of their members to go down to Richmond
to communicate to the Virginia convention, then
in session, the purposes of the Maryland conven-
tion. Not one of the mcmbois of that body was
clothed with proper authority to go upon any such
mission. The whole proceeding was well under-
stood in Maryland, and, although then scoffed
and scouted and scorned by the great mass of
the people, served probably m some degree to im-
bue the minds of many outside of the State with
that false judgment as to the designs and desires
of the people of my State, since so hard to eradi-
cate. To rectify that judgment is my present ob-
ject. It is proper I should undertake the task in
behalf of a people from whom I have received so
many unmerited honors. Let not, I pray you,
the loyalty of Maryland be tested by the conduct
of presumptuous self-constituted conventions, but
by the voice of the people as proclaimed in fair,
legal, full elections, to which we will presently
refer. But before we do this, let me clear more
rubbish out of our path.
It is proper to say that we have not in Mary-
land a government republican m its form. The
Governor is elected fairly by the whole people.
The House of Delegates is organized by no fixed
uniform rule of apportionment of its members.
The small counties have an undue share of the
memheis. The Senate consists of twenty-two
members, one of whom is chosen by each county,
and one by the city of Baltimore. This distribu-
tion of the members of the Senate results in giving
to twelve counties who have a population of less
than one third the right to elect a majority of the
Senate.
From these indisputable facts it will be per-
ceived that the number of members of the Legis-
lature that may be chosen by any political party
in the State furnishes no just criterion to judge of
the pervading popular opinion. This would be
the case even if the issue of union or disunion
had been joined before an election. But no truth-
ful mt>n will say thatany such-issue has been in-
volved in the election of tiiose membeis of the
Legislature whose ariest and impusonmcnt has
called foi th so much political lamentation. At that
time the Democratic and Know-Nothing parties
struggled for the mastery. The Demociats se-
cured a majority in both blanches of the Legis-
lature. The election of the ten Know-Nothing del-
egates fiom Baltimore was declared void, a new
election for that city was ordered, and the Legis-
lature altered the law under which the people of
Baltimore were authorized to elect their own po-
lice officers, and by law appointed the police com-
missioners, who so signally failed to protect from
violence the soldiers of the Union marching to
protect the endangered Government which we all
have so much cause to love and cherish.
These, sir, are indisputable facts, well known
all over Maryland. And 1 have to ask emphati-
cally, is it not hard, very hard, to hold the peo-
ple of Baltimore responsible for the conduct of a
contemptible mob, or of police commissioners
whom the people of Baltimore did not and could
not choose, but who had been placed, against their
will, in authority over them by an act of a Legis-
lature in the popular branch of whichVhese much
abused people had no representation?
We have now, I think, Mr. Speaker, a stand-
point from which wo can take a view of those
popular movements in Maryland which are fair
tests of her loyalty. Before we do this, to com-
plete this hasty sketch of the past, it is proper to
add that the vacated seats in the House of Dele-
gates were filled in Apiil, 1861, when the mob had
momentary dominion in Baltimore, by an election
of those ten gentlemen who were arrested and im-
prisoned, and who received at the poilsavoteless
than one third in number of the whole vote of
Baltimore—the other two thirds of the voters ab-
senting themselves from the polls under, prob-
ably, an unwillingness to encounter unarmed an
armed mob then domineering over the city. And
as these delegates were not the fairly chosen rep-
resentatives of the people of Baltimore, I protest
against the injustice of holding that city respons-
ible for their public conduct, as I have protested
against the monstrous injustice of holding that
city responsible for political sins of omission or
commission imputed to commissioners of police
who were arbitrarily putin authority over the
people of Baltimore by a law to which a large ma-
jority of them were violently opposed.
In making these references to past transactions,
I have no design or desire to awaken old paity
animosities; and in reply to a suggestion over the
way, 1 have to say for myself, and I speak it in
deep sincerity, that I can forgive every man all
his political sins who, in this day of agonizing
struggle for liberty and equal laws, will come up
to the rescue. I would have all to act in this our
day of terrible trial with the magnanimity which
marked the conduct of General Jackson towards
one who had sinned against himself, but had been
gloriously true to the cause of his country.
Mr. VOORIIEES. Will the gentleman allow
me ?
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. I dislike very
much to be interrupted.
Mr. VOORHEES. I will not do it if the gen-
tleman dislikes it.
Mr. THOMAS,of Maryland. I dislike it very
much. I have been for more than twenty years
of my life a member of a deliberative assembly,
and have never yet interrupted a gentleman on
the floor to catechize him in a way that has be-
come a sort of common law of Congress.
I was about to tell an anecdote of President
Jackson illustrative of the feeling under which I
gave uttprarice to a sentiment, just now. During
his presidential term an application was made for
the removal of some postmaster or deputy post-
master in one of the northern States, and it was
urged upon the President with a great deal of earn-
estness, first by letter, and then a special commit-
tee came here and lcmonsttated with great bittei-
ness against the continuance oft his violent political
opponent of the President. To cap the climax, as
the committee supposed, of the postmaster's of-
fenses, and insure his removal, they told the Presi-
dent that the obnoxious officer had called General
Jackson a "d d gray-headed ." "Did
he ?" said the general. " lie did." ii If I am not
mistaken," said Jackson, "that man stormed
Stony Point under Wayne, and any man who did
that has my permission to be a postmaster and to
cui so me for the balance ot hi;J I.fe. "
So much for bygone, past, parly diifrnmces,
to which it lets pleaded a gciidi-man, by siue rt>
maik, to rail my attention.
I was saying, Mr. Speaker, that this Legishv
tuie of Maryland, through whom, unfortunately,
you look at Maryland, was elected at a time when
the people did not foresee any such questions as
have since arisen. Now, what follows? Availing
themselves of their temporary power, they dis-
franchised the population of Baltimore, took away
from the people of that city the right to elect their -
own local officers, and by law placed over them
commissioners of police. 1 know that I am right -
in these facts.
Mr. MAY made a remark not heard by the
reporters.
Mr. THOMAS, of Maryland. Well, I call it
disfranchising the people of Baltimore, because
they were appointed by an actof the Legislature,
and Baltimore has not a fair representation there.
Baltimore has but one Senator, and the smallest
counties in the States have each one Senator.
Twelve Senators represent only one fifth part of
the people of Maryland, and those twelve Sena-
tors constitute a majority of the whole body; and
the body thus organized, under such auspices,
availed themselves of their position, and placed
over the people of Baltimore these commissioners
of police. Time wore on. These great issues
were brought before the public. These commis-
sioners of police of Baltimore—holding all the
power to keep order, holding at their beck and
nod the entire police—did not prevent the inaug-
uration of a rebellion against the Government by
stimulating a mob to violence. For this, I say,
they were rightly held responsible. Jf they could
have prevented, and would not prevent that at-
tack upon troops marching under orders of the
President to the protection of our seat of Govern-
ment, they arc guilty of treason. If they were
willing to keep open a way through Baltimore for
brave soldiers rushing at their country's call to
the rescue of our Government, and could not dis-
charge that duty, then these commissioners were
incompetent. These commissioners, so far as I
have had any opportunity of judging, did not at
any rate exercise all the powers that the case re-
quired. Whether they inaugurated the rebellion
or not, they did not quell it; they did not put it
down; they showed themselves utterly unquali-
fied for their positions. What, then, was the duty
of the Chief Magistrate of the nation ? Why, sir,
it was his duty to lift them out of their offices, to
depiive them of lheir power, and to incarcerate
them if they refused to yield. And why did they
remain so long incarcerated ? Because they re-
fused to resign the offices they held. Because they
refused to forego the power that they held. At
any moment their prison doors would have been
thrown open if they would even have resigned their
offices and given a pledge or parole of honor that
they would not take part with this rebellion. I
take no pleasure in making these declarations.
These topics arc introduced here by my colleague,
and it is due to the loyal people of Baltimore, and
of all Maryland, that the truth should be told to
the House and to the country. Let us pass to
another stage of this discussion.
I did not hear half that my colleague said, as
I was out of the House when he commenced to
speak; but I understand that one of his com-
plaints is that certain members of the Maryland
Legislature of whose election I have spoken were
arrested by the Government, and incarcerated.
Now, sir, that Legislature had been elected, under
the auspices I have described, years before. It
was a Legislature never reflecting the popular
sentiment of Maryland. For, sir, I repent here
the remark that the constitution of Maryland in
truth is not republican; there is no proper respect
to population m the apportionment for the elec-
tion of members of the House of Representatives
and of the Senate of Maryland. Tne small coun-
ties have each one Senator, and the city of Balti-
more and the large counties have each but one
Senator, and thus it will happen veiy frequently
that the Legislature isno true index of the popular
will of Maryland; and it so happens that twelve
of the twenty-one Senators come from twelve
small counties, where nearly the whole of that
class of the population of Maryland is located
that has been one of the disturbing elements, one
of the distracting influencesin this country, while
there is \ery little of that element in the residue
of the State, where four filths of the population
is located. . •
Well, sir, one of the first acts of this Legislature,
thus convened, was to pass a bill of indemnity,
indemnifying every one who had taken part in
