1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
that insurrection in Baltimore, when the laws of
the land were trampled under foot. This law,
exonerating and exempting from all responsibility
whatever every man who had taken part in that
monstrous and cowardly outrage of shooting down
the soldiers of the Union on their way to rescue
the Government from its peril, gavfe evidence of
the sympathy of the Legislature with the persons
whom they thus shielded from the penalties due
to their crimes.
What next did this Legislature do? In the
Senate a bill was proposed depriving the Gover-
nor of Maryland of all executive power, because
he would not act in accordance with their wishes,
and proposed to appoint five commissioners and
place at their disposal $2,000,000, and give them
full power to organize and arm the population of
Maryland.
Sir, all these acts were not the acts of the peo-
ple "of Maryland. I utteily deny that. They
were the acts of men who never were elected for
such purposes by the people of Maryland, who
were never responsive to the popular sentiment
of the State, and who never could have been
elected to the positions they held by the popular
vote of Mary land at anytime with any such views.
These acts being in progress, the President of
the United States, or some one m authority under
him, did what? They took these public func-
tionaries out of their positions and incarcerated
them. Now I mean to say, and I venture my
reputation for intelligence and veracity upon it,
that an act never was done by the Chief Magis-
trate of the United States more entirely respons-
ive to the will of the majority of the people of
Maryland than that very arrest of the members
of the Maryland Legislature, to stop their pro-
ceedings. Sir, I was not consulted about it by
the President or any member of his Administra-
tion; I have not had the honor to be consulted,
and had no desire to be consulted, at any time in
regard to these measures; but with my whole
heart I thanked him for having arrested a pro-
ceeding which must have resulted—in what? A
civil war upon our own soil in Maryland; a civil
war winch I should not have had so much cause
to dread as gentlemen on the other side in my
State; a civil war of the majority against the
usurpations of the minority.
But, sir, let us go back a step to the progress of
this matter. I want to present the facts to the
House, for, when the true facts are known, any
intelligent gentleman can argue out his own con-
clusions; and if the facts had been known stran-
gers would never have engaged in this torrent of
vituperation against the State of Maryland, which
1 have been forced to listen to here until my blood
would flush with indignation. Let us go back
and look into the facts.
What were the people of Maryland doing to
rid themselves of this incubus? I make the issue
distinctly with my colleague that there never has
been any impression made upon-the people of
Maryland, forgood or evil, by those arrests. The
majority stands now when; it stood before the ar-
rests were made. Thenrrc-sts only had the effect,
in mercy, to save tiie direst consequences to the
individuals who were attempting to piecipitate
the people of Maryland into a conflict in which
they themselves must have been worsted. They
ought to give thanks for the interposition of the
Government who saved them from such a catas-
trophe, instead of that everlasting quei ulous com-
plaint. What weie the people of Maryland doing
then? I will give you one or two facta.
In (he countyof Washington there was a mem-
ber of the House of Delegates to be elected to fill
a vacancy. This was on the 4th of May, 1861,
before Piesident Lincoln's policy was fully de-
veloped. By a majonty of three thousand nine
hundred and sixty-five the people of Washing-
ton county sent to the House of Delegates Lewis
P. Fiery, a delegate in favor of the Union and in
favor of the only sensible way of maintaining it
—coercion. An election was also held for a mem-
ber of the Legislature in the county of Cecil, in
another section of the State, m May, 1861, elect-
ing Mr. Mcintosh by a majonty exceeding two
thousand. These were ovei whelming popular ma-
jorities tor the Union and for coercion. In the
town where 1 have spent so large a period of my
life, that spot so deai to me, what did the people
do? 1 could not stand before tins intelligent audi-
ence and fail to do them credit. Uncertain as to
what would be the policy of this Administration;
doubtful whether there would be that energy
which,thankGod,has been since displayed;stern-
ly determined to sacrifice their lives, if need be,
on the altar of their country, the people of the
town of Frederick and of the valley of my nativ-
ity, and where was once my home, armed them-
selves, eight hundred strong, and the members of
the Legislature were notified that if they dared to
pass the bill proposed in the Senate; if they dared
to place the executive power of the Government
in the hands of these five commissioners; if they
dared to put $2,000,000 of money in their hands,
they would be sent, without judge or jury, to meet
their God. [Applause.] The people who took
measures to maintain the -Union are not place-
hunters or seekers for presidential favors. They
are men entitled to rank for intelligence, respect-
ability, patriotism, and sterling loyalty with any
■people on this continent. We believe that this
populardemonstration arrested disloyal purposes.
The Legislature afterward reassembled, and these
arrests took place. The people thank the Pres-
ident for arresting the members of the Legislature
and placing them in confinement till after their
term of service had expired.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the best way of knowing
the will of the people of a State is by their votes
at the polls. I have given the votes of the county
of Washington and of the county of Cecil, taking
place before any arrests had been made in Mary-
land, and giving an indication of what would be
the popular veidict if the people had an oppor-
tunity of electing another set of delegates m the
place of those who had thus abused their power.
1 have said again and again that I have yet to
meet the man in Maryland—and I am pretty well
acquainted theie—outside of the small minority
which 1 have described, that has a complaint to
make of the anest of these commissioners, or of
the Goveinniontairesting in mid-career the mem-
be! s of that usurping Legislature, which seemed
prepared to piecipitate the State into a boiling',
hissmjr, bloody whiilpool of levolution.
I have said, su, that the only test of popular
sentiment is a vote at the polls. Now, how did
the congressional election turn out? My col-
league [Mr. May] was known as a denouncer of
the doctrine ot secession and as a Union man. I
am not now reproaching him foi a change of posi-
tion. He was lan as the anti-caucus candidate
against the regular nominee of the Union party;
and his character a<? a man of commanding talents
and of pure and unspotted life aided him more in
in that position than like claims to popular appro-
bation could have aided his antagonist, who was
the nominee of a party convention, when party
hues were not cleai ly drawn, and when it was not
very distinctly understood what Unionism meant.
Under these auspices my colleague was u candi-
date. lie received the secession vote, and this,
aided by the divided vote of the Union men of the
city of Baltimore, gave my colleague hi* seat.
His election was, therefore, no evidence of seces-
sion proclivities id* his distiict. My other col-
leagues [Messrs. Webster,Calvert, Cmsfield,
and Le.vry] had huge majorities, and my majority
was too large to be enumerated easily; it was over
ten thousand.
I ask the House, then, is it right, is it fair, is it
proper to say that Maryland is tyrannized over?
Everywheie at the polls the people have freely
and fairly signified their preferences. The pres-
ent Governor of A'lary land was elected to his of-
fice by a majoiity of over twenty thousand. His
antagonist was one of the most meritorious and
estimable citizens of Maryland, a son of the lion-
hearted Howard, who led the Maiyland line dur-
ing the war of the Revolution, a man with as
strong a hold upon the popular heart as any man
m the State. But then he was suspected to sym-
pathize with the southern rebellion, cmd the pres-
ent Governor, though little known to the people,
defeated him m a fair election by over twenty j!
thousand majority. The present House of Del- '■
egatcs of Maryland was chosen at the same elec- '
tion, and of seventy-nine members there are not ■
five who are even suspected of sympathy with the i,
rebellion. j'
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have cursorily adduced
some of the facts on which I have based my po- j1
sition. I have given you the evidence. I am jj
very frank to admit thatin some cases there have d
been arrests of private citizcns of a very indis- ii
creet character. There were more members of
the Legislature arrested than there was any oc-
casion for; for there were some of them who did
not even clearly understand what were the points
in controversy. 1 do not mean to disparage the
people of Maryland in making that remark. It re-
quires the anxious, earnest inquiry of well-trained,
disciplined, and intelligent minds to draw the nice
kind of distinctions that mark the boundaries be-
tween national and State jurisdiction, and point
out the path of duty to those who would be true
to the State and true also to the Union, i think,
therefore, that many of the delegates were ar-
rested unnecessarily. They were following the
leaders of the Democratic party, who had indoc-
trinated that paity with these new-fangled State-
rights doctrines. With the exception of these in-
discreet arrests, I repeat what I before said—and
I stake my character on the statement—that I
know not an individual in Maryland true to the
Union who has made much complaint about the
arrests that have taken place within her borders.
It is certainly calculated to excite our indignation
to have it said, again and again, that Maryland
and her majority are trampled under the iron heel
of power.
There is a very great mistake, so far as Mary-
land is concerned, as to the sympathy felt in the
southern movement. As 1 have intimated, the
great bulk of the slave population of Maryland is
located in a small aiea of the State* most of it in
the districts represented by my colleagues, [Mr.
Calvert and Mr. Crisfield;] and outside of that
section of the State theie is iess sympathy with
the attempt to organize a southern confederacy,
the corner-stone of which is to perpetuate human
slavery. An overwhelming majority of the State
is against that institution, if we are to judge from
the fact that a very small number of the .people
hold slaves,although authorized to do so. Twenty-
five years ago the Legislature of Maryland was
oiganized in more thoiou<ih antagonism to the
popular sentiment than it is now. The House of
Delegates and Senate had the power, by joint bal-
lot, to elect the Governor, and the Governor had
the power to appoint all the subordinate State
office!s. That system of government had been
organized m 1776, when the bulk of the popula-
tion was located in the Potomac counties. There
weie four delegates for each county, without re-
gard to population; and the Senate was composed
of fifteen members, elected by an electoral college
foimed of one member from each county and one
from each of the cities of Baltimore and Annap-
olis. It will be seen at a glance that the entire
government of Maryland at that time, executive,.
judicial, and legislative, was in the hands of that
section of the State where most of the slave pop-
ulation is located. A leform was then inaugu-
rated—about which 1 will not speak, because I
was too much personally concerned in the move-
ment—with a view of reapportionment of rep-
resentation, and with a view of the election of
Governor by the people. A hue and cry was then
raised about the danger of the slave institution in
Maryland. Now, sir, there is no man who is
cognizant of the condition of affairs in Maryland
who does not know that in face of that hue and
cry the population of Maryland, under the lead
of western Maryland chiefly, demanded the right
under this new constitution both to elect a Gov-
ernor by the people and that there should be-a
reapportionment of representation approximating;
more nenily to the basis of population; and that
thereafter conventions should be called with a view
toother reforms. The issue then made between
the slaveholdmg section and the non-slaveholding
section resulted in the overruling of the slavehold-
ing section by a decisive vote of the people of the
Common wealth, as my colleague very well knows.
These, sir, weie well-known facts, and woe to
the day when the slavcholding* section of Mary-
land shall persist in making the issue before the
people of Alaryland, involving the severance of
that State from the Union. I do not want the
issue to be raised; I do not invite it; but when we
hear so much about Maryland being trampled
upon, 1 advert to these facts for the purpose of
saying upon my conscience that whenever the
issue is forced upon the people of my State, in-
volving in any manner the question between dis-
solving its ties with this Government and the
emancipation of its slaves, an overwhelming ma-
jority will decide in favor of emancipation !
