144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19.
Mr. BLAKE. After the explanation of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I think he is cor-
rect, and I will withdraw my amendment.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;,
and was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. BUPFINTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HON. BENJAMIN F. FLANDERS.
. Mr. CASEY. I rise to a question of privilege.
Hon. Benjamin F. Flanders is present, as the !
member clect from the first congressional district
of Louisiana. I ask that he may be sworn in,
and present the following as his credentials:
State of "Louisiana. Executive Department,
New Orleans. December 9, 1P62.
To all persons to whom, these presents may come:
Know ye, that I, George F. Shepley, Military Governor
of Louisiana, by niy proclamation and wtK of election, did
cause an election to be held on the 3d day of December,
A. D. 1862, according to law, to fill the vacancy existing m
the office of Representative of the first congressional dis-
trict of this State to the Thirty-Seventh Congiessof the
United States of America; and that I have ascertained hom
theieturns ofsaid election,and do hereby certify, that Ben-
jamin F. Flanders was duly elected to fill the vacancy in
said office.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto ret my hand and
affixed the seal of the State, on thi% 9th day of De-
ft. s.] comber, in the year of our Lord 1862, and in the
year of the independence of the United States of
America the eighty-seventh.
G. F. SIIEPLnV,
Military Governor of Louisiana.
James F. Miller, Acting Secretary of State.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to any man
with such credentials being sworn in.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to refer the papers
to the Committee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the papers were referred, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Virginia. I rise to a privileged
question. I move that when the House adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend so that
when the House adjourns it be to meet on the 2d
day of January next.
A Member. That must be by joint resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I make the same prop-
osition m the shape of ajointresolution,and move
it as a substitute for the motion of the gentleman
from Virginia.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman that a joint resolution cannot be re-
ceived as an amendment to a simple resolution
of the House. The principle is the same as the
amending of a resolution by a bill, which is ex-
pressly prohibited.
Mr. Blair's motion was then agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OVER THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. MALLORY. I now move, the Semite con-
curring, that when the House adjourns on Tues-
day next, it adjourn to meet on the 2d day of Jan-
uary next.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. MALLORY. I submit it as a question of
privilege.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is that a question of privilege'
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided, on a
former occasion, that it was not a question of
privilege; but the House, by a laige majority,
oveiruled his decision. The Chair will there-
fore decidc that the resolution must be received as
a question of privilege.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That was in the last Congress,
as I understand. I do not think that ought to con-
trol the decisions of the present occupant of the
chair.
Mr. MALLORY. Well, sir, I present it as a
question of privilege; and J. think, if the Chair
will adhere to his decision, the House will come
to its senses: and sustain the Speaker. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair, m accordance
with the decision of the House, will entertain the
resolution as a question of privilege.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 will modify the motion so
as to make the adjournment until the first Monday
in January next.
Mr. BLAKE. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. F. A. CONKLING. I move to amend by
substituting 14 the 2d day of January" for "the
first Monday of January."
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to say that the 2d
day of January is Friday. Wc should do nothing
in the remaining two days of that week, and I think
the resolution, therefore, might as well stand as
I have offered it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will suggest
to the gentleman from Kentucky that it will be
better to postpone action on his resolution until
Monday. Wc shall be then better prepared to
determine the propriety of an adjournment for so
long a period.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
debate is only in order by unanimous consent.
Mr. MALLORY. I am willing that the reso-
lution shall be postponed until Monday next,
with the understanding that the vote be taken at
one o'clock.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object. I think we might
as well decide now what the House is going to do.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Chair to
put the motion to the House.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion was postponed until Monday next, at one
o'clock, p. m.
ASSISTANT INTERNAL REVENUE COMMISSIONER.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, arid agreed to:
Resolve/!, That the Committee of Ways and Mean? be
intruded to inquire mio the expediency of piovidimr by
law foi the olhee of A-^si-tant CoiPinis-ionei of Internal
Revenue for the Pacific States and Ten itoin with gen-
eral eontiol ot the assessment and collection of internal
levenuein said States and Temtoiics, untlei the dueetion
ot the (Jonmii^ionei of intcii'.ii Ilevenuo; and thai they
have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
LAT33 MILITARY MOVEMENT.
Mr. DELAPLAINE. I propose to introduce
a resolution having reference to a battle which
will go down to posterity 
Tlie SPEAKER. Debate is not in order until
leave has been given to introduce the gentleman's
resolution.
Mr. DELAPLAINE. I ask leave to submit
the following lcsolution:
Resolved, That a special committee, consisting of three
members of thi« IIou-=e. be appointed by the Speaker to in
(|une into the causes of the late result bet'oic Fredencks-
butz, Virginia, with power to send for per&on-. and papeis;
and that the) lepoit will) all convenient speed to this House.
Mr. BLAKE. I object.
QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT.
Mr. McKNIGHT, bynnanimousconsent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Military Committee ^hall, ifth^v deem
it expedient <uid piomotive of the public &ej vice, repoi t, hv
bill oi othenvi,-e, for dividing the ditties of the oflicc of
QuaitevmasterOneral into ditFeientbmeaus, the heads of
which !>hall be chargeable with the conduct thereof.
PACIFIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill to amend anactentitled "An act to facilitate
communication between the Atlantic and Pacific
States by electric telegraph," approved June 6,
I860; which was read a first and second time, and
refeired to the special committee on the Pacific
raih oad.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DELANO. 1 call for the regular order of
business
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports of a pri-
vate nature.
BENJAMIN F. WATSON.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill for the relief
of Benjamin F. Watson; which was read a first
' and second time.
i Mr. DELANO. I ask that the bill may be put
: on its passage.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. F. A. CONKLINU-. I rise to a question
of order. I submit that the bill, making as it does
an appropriation, must go to a Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order. The bill will therefore be ref< rred
to a Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
MINNESOTA INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
Mr. ALDRICH, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported back House bill No. 582, to
amend or abrogate all treaties between the United
States with certain bands of Sioux Indians in Min-
nesota, and for the relief of the sufferers by the
outbreak and depredations committed by said
Indians, with a substitute therefor.
Mr. ALDR1CH. I am instructed to ask that
the bill and substitute may be printed and made
a special order for Tuesday next. It is a matter
of importance to the people of my State, and I
hope no member will object to the request.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I must object
to making any special order that shall interfere
with the regular appropriation bills.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
special order already assigned for Tuesday will
take precedence, if the proposition of the gentle-
man from Minnesota is agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I will not
object to it.
The bill and amendment were then postponed
until Tuesday next, made a special order, and
ordered to be printed.
THANKS TO LIEUTENANT MORRIS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported ajointresolution tender-
ing the thanks of Congress to Lieutenant Com-
mander George U. Morris, of the United States
Navy, which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask that it may be put
on its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It provides that
in pursuance of the recommendation of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and to enable him to
advance Lieutenant Commander George U. Mor-
ris one grade in accordance with law, the thanks
of Congress are tendered for meritorious conduct
in defense of the United States sloop-of- war Cum-
berland, in Hampton Roads, from the attack of
the rebel iron-clad steam frigate Merrimac.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
THANKS TO COMMANDER BORDEN.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution tendering the thanks
ot Congress to Commander John L. Worden, of
the United States Navy, which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. SEDGWICK. I ask that the joint reso-
lution be put on its passage.
The joint resolution was read, tendering the
thanks of Congress to John L. Worden, t$ enable
the President, in pursuance of law, to advance
him one grade, for highly distinguished conduct
in the conflict of March last between the iron-
clad steamer Monitor and the iron-clad rebel steam
frigate Merrimac.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
E. B. BOUTWELL.
Mr. SEDGWICK moved that the Committee
!■ on Naval Affairs be discharged from the further
!( consideration of the petition of E. B. Routwell,
; and that the same be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVY-YARD AT MEMPHIS.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
Sfmcted to investigate the condition of the navv-yaid at
M< tnphis, and to repoi t mich mea-anes as will secuie it for
the u-jc ot the Government of the United Htate-. a . nev-
ertheless, to protect any vu-ted iiyhu of loyal citizens.
PRIZE CASES.
Mr. SEDGWICK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Rc«oh eJ, Thar the ^ecietary ot the Navy be requested to
enidtiiinueate to tin- House all the infuimatioa he has in
h '■> Department in re-pcet to prize ca^es m atn courts of the
("nited States showing the pie^enl condition of such ca*-es,
the amount of money leeeued 1'ioin sale** of prize piop-
erty, the diMmrM-unents and ovp-nise^ of its preservation and
-ale. and the chaiire-, lee-., ami disbursement** ol all officers
claimed and allow ed and the disposition of all moneys ie-
oei\ ed on *ak -<; and whether any part thereof, and how
