THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
TUB OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES. WASHINGTON, P. 0.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1862.
New Series No. 10.
much, has been distributed to the captors, oi is now ready
for dir>tt ibutioii} or lias boon deposited according to law in
the Tieasury of the United States.
DISTRICT ATTORNEY OF WESTERN VIRGINIA.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back House resolution No.
43, regulating the compensation of the district
attorney for the western district of Virginia, with
the recommendation that it do not pass; and moved
that it be laid upon the table; which motion was
agreed to.
CAPTAIN SHERBURNE, ETC.
Mr. DUNN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar be discharged from
the further consideration of House bill No. 564,
for the relief of Captains John P. Sherburne and
H. Clay Wood, of the United States Army, and
that the same be recommitted to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
There was no objection; and it was agreed to
accordingly.
CLOTHES LOST IN THE ARMY.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back House bill No.
588, to provide for the immediate payment for
clothes lost in the service by soldiers in the Army
of the United States, with the recommendation
that it do not pass; and moved that it be laid upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT BRIDGES IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
reported adversely upon the memorial of the As-
sembly of Minnesota, asking Congress to repair
Government bridges, &c.; which was laid upon
the tabic, and ordered to be printed.
INVALID APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. The invalid appropriation
bill was made the special order for Tuesday of
next week; but if there be no objection 1 will ask
that it be considered in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to-day, as a
special order. It will not consume much time,
as it only provides for regular appropriations. 1
make that motion.
There was no objection; and it was agreed to
accordingly.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
state that I have been detained at home for the last
week by severe illness. If there be no objection,
I ask that my vote s>hall be recoided in favor of
the passage of the Army appropriation bill, which
was under consideration yesterday.
Mr. GURLEY. 1 ask the same privilege.
There was no objection; and Mcsst s. Campbell
and Gurley recorded their votes in favor of the
passage of the Army appropriation bill
INVALID PENSION BILL-—AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, und the House resolvoitself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for tiie purpose of faking up House hill No. G16,
making appropriations for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United States for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1864.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Edwards
in the chaii.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the question in order
to be the consideration of the special order, being
the invalid pension appropriation bill.
The bill was read in ei-fcuso.
Mr. I)UELL moved the adoption of the fol-
lowing proviso:
ProudeiU That no pens-ion shall be paid untie: this act to
anv pet son who hn< been en^ajred m tiie present iH>el!ion
against the Government of the United skate-, or hat> m any
way given aid and comfort to those engaged m the rebellion.
The proviso was agreed to.
10
Mr.STEVENS moved that the committee rise,
and report the bill to the House, as amended.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Edwards reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the invalid pension appropriation bill, and had
directed him to report the same back to the House
with an amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL FINANCES.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
011 the state of the Union, (Mr. Mallory in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of War
to test Sanderson ®s breech-loading cannon.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Crisfield,] who is entitled to
the floor, to permit me to make a statement in
reference to the national finances.
Mr. CRISFIELD. I yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. The bill which I introduced
some days since, to provide means to defray the
expenses of the Government, produced a howl
among the moncy-changei'3 as hideous as that sent
forth by their Jewish cousins when they were
kicked out of the temple. It produced, what seemed
to me, an unaccountable excitement in financial
circles. This was caused, I suppose, by wrong
information as to its origin, and a misunderstand-
ing as 10 its object. This was partly the fault of
letter writers, and partly the fault of stock-jobbing
money editors. I perceive the money article of
the Philadelphia Press, of Monday of this week,
represents the bill as reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means, notwithstanding the papers
of last week stated its true origin. I suppose these
money-aiticle editois aie some dishonest brokers
who make gain by their misrepresentations. The
bill, as all knew who wished to know, was intro-
duced by me on my individual responsibility, on
the call of the States, witii the sole object, as I
then stated, of referring it to the Committee of
Ways and Means. Neither the Secretary of the
Treasui y nor the Committee ot Ways and Means
had ever been consulted with regard to it; nor,
although lefened to them 011 motion of the mover,
has it ever been considered by the committee.
So much fur the origin of the bill.
Its contents and objects seem to be equally mis-
understood or misrepresented.
It is known to this House that I do not approve
of the present financial system of the Govern-
ment. When this Congress assembled a year
ago, all the banks of the Union, as well as the Gov-
ernment, had suspended specie payments. The
last $50,000,000 'of loan, which had been taken
by the banks at a discount of $0,500,000, payable
m coin, was no longer paid 111 anything but the
currency of suspended banks. The immense ex-
penses of the Government (from $2,000,000 to
$3,000,000daily) were to be provided for. It was
impossible to negotiate loans.exceptat a ruinous
discount. The Committee of Ways and Means
were expected to provide the means, without any
suggestions from any quarter to aid them. After
careful deliberation, the committee, or rather, as it
turned out, the one half of them, detei mined to
ina°uiate a system of national currency consist-
ing of legal tender notes, receivable in all trans-
actions between individuals, and between individ-
uals and the Government, and convertible into
bonds of the United States, bearing six per cent,
interest, payable semi-annually in lawful money,
and redeemable in twenty years in gold or silvef
coin. The issue of $>150,000,000 of such notes
was authorized, and of §500,000,000 of twenty
years bonds.
The system was simple in its machinery, and
easily understood. It formed a uniform currency,
sustained by the faith of the Government, and fur-
nishing but one currency for all classes of people.
It was believed that as the legal tender notes ac-
cumulatedin the hands of bankers and capitalists
they would invest them in six per cent, bonds, so
as to realize a profit from their capital. The in-
stinct of avarice or gain would never allow them
to remain long idle. This conversion and recon-
version would have absorbed the $500,000,000
within the fiscal year, and supplied all the wants
of Government. So long as the legal tender notes
remained unconverted the Government would have
had the benefit of the circulation without interest.
This was the plan of the committee. The currency
has proved the most acceptable ever offered to the
people. This was the condition of the bills as pre-
sented originally, and as they passed the House.
But the simplicity and harmony of this system
were doomed to be mangled and destroyed as it
passed through the Senate. They began by mak-
ing two kinds of currency for the same commu-
nity—a fatal mistake wherever it occurs. They
provided that bonds issued as above stated should
receive the interest in gold, while the interest of
all other bonds should be payable in legal tender
notes, thus producing at the outset a deprecia-
tion of the United States notes, and creating a
demand for gold to be taken advantage of semi-
annually by bullion mongers. Without such
provision, there would have been no demand for
a single dollar of gold to be used in this country.
If merchants wished to import goods beyond our
exports, and that required gold, I should feel but
little sympathy for them, whatever premium they
were obliged to pay. Being unable to defeat this
provision, I procured to be inserted asection mak-
ing the duties on imports payable in gold. This
was to enable the Government to meet the pay-
ment of interest in coin. That had one good and
one bad effect. It increased our tariff some thirty
per cent., but it compelled our merchants to go
among theShylocks to purchase coin to pay their
duties. These combined provisions form amine
of wealth for brokers and bankers. The duties
and interest will require $60,000,000 of gold an-
nually, and soon double that amount. Now, our
banks and brokers have scarcely that amount
011 hand. They may put the price as high as
they please, it must be paid. Suppose the banks
in our three gieat commercial cities to have just
that amount. If half yearly they sell the half
of it to the Government and merchants at thirty
per cent., using the other half to the end of the
year and then selling it, they would clear by this
single operation thirty per cent, on their capital,
and have all the profits of loans, on deposits,
and currency ciiculation besides. The gold would
return to their vaults, possibly, by the payment
of interest 011 the very bonds they held them-
selves, and so to be ready for the same operation
at the next semi-annual payment, doubling their
capital in three years. If a financial system which
produces such results be wise, then 1 am laboring
under a great mistake.
The next error was to change the twenty year
bonds into bonds redeemable at the option of the
Government in five years, and payable in twenty
years. We all know these long loans .sell much
. j higher than short ones. But the most unsalable
| j kind of bond is that payable in a short time if the
i! obligor choose, or at any intermediate time up to
a distant day at Ins option. Every man wishes
to know when his investment will fall due, so as
to know how to ai range for business for reinvest-
ment. The very uncut tain ty of the day of payment
is a great fault; hence our bonds sell some five per
cent, lower than an absolute twenty year loan
would; yet no one believes that we shall be able
