1862.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
147
lute need, rises above all constitutions and laws,
and, in defiance of both, allows the people to seek
then- own safety; but when the right is admitted,
the difficulties only begin.
What is justifiable cause of revolution? Ex-
treme cases are easily disposed of. Clear usurp-
ation, accompanied by oppression from which
there is no other escape, will justify a resort to
this terrible remedy. It is only 111 doubtful cases
there is any real trouble. To mark the exact line
which separates justifiable from unjustifiable rev-
olution is an exceedingly delicate task. They run
into each other like light and shade, and the line
between them is undefinable. But all doubt is ad-
verse to the right. Revolution is a change in the
mate of the Government; and, when accomplished
in a mode and by means not provided by law, to
be justifiable must be to escape from usurpation
on the part of the Government, offensive and in-
tolerable, from which there is no other relief, and
then only when the evils of submission overbal-
ance the probable evils of revolution.
Of what act of this Government did the insur-
gents complain? Look through all their mani-
festoes, Mr. Chairman, and you will fail to dis-
cover a single allegation that this Government had
violated any right appertaining to them particu-
larly, or had failed in any one instance to give
them all the protection it was its duty to give.
Examine your records, and you will find no act
or judgment of this Government, or any Depart-
ment of it, by which southern rights, as contra-
distinguished from similar rights elsewhere, have
been touched, or in any manner interfered with,
except to aid, encourage, and protect. No sec-
tionalism, adverse to the South, has ever influ-
enced this Government. The Administration,
with scarcely an intermission, has been m south-
ern hands, or hands selected by southern votes.
During the seventy-two years the Government
has been 111 operation", to the beginning of the pres-
ent Administration, the executive chair has been
occupied by citizens of the South and slavehold-
er for neaiiy fifty years; for ten years it was held
by citizens of the North, sclented clearly by south-
ern votes; and for only twelve years by northern
men not so chosen. For twenty years immedi-
ately preceding, and at the time of the revolt, the
South controlled thatdepartment. Prom the origin
of the Go vernment to the secession of the south-
ern Suites, the slave Slates had a clear majority
in the Senate; and almost for the whole period,
the South, by us own members and others in its
interest, had possession of this House. From the
beginning of the Government, it is not too much
to say, the South has controlled the operations of
this Government, and shaped its policy: and that
policy has, in the main, been directed to the pro-
motion of southern interests. All acquisitions of
territory have been in that quarter, and for the
most part devoted to southern institutions. Louis-
iana and Florida were purchased with the com-
mon treasure, and devoted to the enhancement of
southern power. Texas was brought in, and de-
voted to the same purpose; and was paid for by
the blood and treasure of the whole country, freely
expended on the plains of Mexico. That war was
a southern war, brought on in aid of southern
aggrandizement, and its fruits were devoted to the
stili further enhancement of southern power. The
public treasure has been lavished to promote south-
ern interests; her coasts have been fortified and
guarded; her harbors have been improved and
made accessible; and her temtory has been res-
cued from the savage, who, for her security and
convenience, has been diiven across the Missis-
sippi at the national expense. The current of
national justice and favor to the, southern States
was not broken or impeded by a single obstacle.
No counter-current has ever diverted or disrurbed,
even temporarily, its uniform and steady flow.
Not one act ot unkindness or injurious discrim-
ination can be traced to tins Government. Not
one light had been molested, anu not one of its
citizens had failed, m any proper case, to share
us protecting care. Southern property had never
been molested by this Government, nor a slave
had been touched: nor ran a single instance be
shown ut which it had failed to biing into requi-
sition its whole constitutional power to protect
and restore that description of property to its law-
ful owner. Not one is even alleged. * This Gov-
ernment had faithfully discharged its wholf dntv
to tho sou the) n 8:m '•••=. 1 r !.>ul . -vi> ?u-<u r •
promote southern interests than could have been
required of it, either in law or in morals; and such
must be the judgment of impartial history.
The authors of the rebellion do not pretend to
justify themselves on the ground of oppression,
usurpation, or wrong proceeding from this Gov-
ernment, but on the state of northern sentiment
respecting the institution of slavery, and the legis-
lation of some of the northern States, framed to
embarrass the recapture and restoration of fugi-
tives from service. The conclusive answer to
these allegations is, that the acts complained of
are not the acts of this Government, and it is in
no sense responsible for them.
It would be quite as just to hold this Govern-
ment responsible for the unkind cuts at Yankee
thrift and enterprise which southern people not
unfrequently indulge in; and even more just to
hold it responsible for the expulsion from a south-
ern State of a northern lawyer who had gone
there to question, before the courts, the constitu-
tionality of its legislation. What would be thought
of the people of Connecticut raising the standard
of revolt against the authority of this Govern-
ment because General Hill has put into his arith-
metic, and southern people teach their children,
that the people of New England make wooden
nutmegs, and impose them on the world for the
genuine article; or of Massachusetts, because the
people of South Carolina expelled Judge Hoar for
daring to question,-in her own courts, the consti-
tutionality of her own legislation, bearing heavily,
as he supposed, on his clients? These uio evils
for which this Govei naiont is not responsible, and
cannot prevent. They are outside of its ju 1 is- j
diction; and the refeience to them, as justifying |
the rebellion, are shallow pretexts to delude the
credulous of their own region.
Mr. Chairman, 1 cannot sufficiently condemn
the insane or wicked denunciations of slavery and
slaveholders which have distinguished and dis-
graced northern htetature; nor ean 1 condemn too
sttongly that spirit which has found utteiance in
those silly and futile enactments called personal
liberty bills. They spring from a senseless and
fanatical antipathy to an institution which is not
comprehended; they defame our national char-
acter; they tend to the disruption of national con-
cord; and if they ever reach a practical result, it
will be the utter demolition of the race they pro-
fess to benefit.
They can produce no good to any one,butmay
lead to general ruin. liut until this war broke
forth, they were mere ideas; very wrong and rep-
rehensible, but mere ideas, without the power,and,
in the ordinaly and quiet course of our system,
not likely to aequiie the power to produce practi-
cal results. They were vain utteiances. What
practical harm had they done? Had northern
denunciations ofslavety everdeprhed the South
of a single slave, impaired his value, or weakened j
the master's hold ? We know they had not. On!
the contrary, slave piopeity was never more se- J
cuie, and the fugitive slave act hod never been bet- j
tor executed, than uttb<> beginning of the rebellion, j
This is unquestionably proved by the market \aluo 1
of slaves, which, in the ten or rwiUe yeais im- j
mediately before the rebellion, had moie than 1
doubled, and was steadily rising. ] lad any south- |
em man ever been airested under the personal i
libcity hills, or a single attempt been made to ex-
ecute them? Jsot oil' ; and if theic had been,
every one knows they v\ould liuve been stricken
down by the judicial power as unconstitutional.
These pi oeeedings are very wrong, and deserve
the condemnation of every right-minded man, but j
they did no matenni harm to the South. They |
were insults, but not injuries. They demand re- ]
proof, but do not justify revolution. Nor did they ;
cause it. The cause-: of that deploiable eventhe ]
much deeper. Thry are be looked for m the ■
elementary principles of our system. The revo- ■
luuon emanates ft om that natural antagonism, in- t'
sep.tiablc from oar system, bet ween tie. State and
national Governm* nts, excited and lushed into
frenzy by the arts and efforts of ambitious and i
bod men. '
Our system embraces^ two-fold government: the
general or national, v. ith limited and d< fined pow- ;
ers, but paramount within its sphere; the States, !
with the undefined residuum of sovereignty, but !
mfeuor m dignity and authority. Thehnes which ;
mark the authority of the two are v. el! defined in 1
. h" (" > -• if tV hr>; y> t there 'i " no'or-nl tendency >
in each to overleap the boundary which separates
them, and trench on the rights of the other. From
the adoption of the Constitution there has existed
a class of politicians in every State whose mis-
sion seems to have been to inflame the jealousy
of the States and excite their antipathies against
the General Government. Denying the true char-
acter and nationality of the Government, they
insist that the Constitution did not form a gov-
ernment of the people, but was merely a league
between sovereign States, from which each State
might withdraw atpleasure. For overthirty years
this dogma has been persistently pressed upon the
public mind,and a very large portion of the pres-
ent generation of southern people have been edu-
cated to believe its truth. Every circumstance
calculated to give color to the error or excite their
fears lms been seized and adroitly pressed to prove
both the truth of the dogma and the necessity of
applying it in practicc. Thus educated and urged,
it needed only the occurrence of some event or the
agitation of some measure of general importance,
strongly enlisting southern feelings and inclining
the southern mind in one direction, to bring about
a catastrophe. The tirade against slavery, and
the election of a President on a sectional platform
by a sectional vote, supplied that unity. These
circumstances were eagei I y and joyfully seized by
the leaders of the conspiracy, and, through their
agency, the people of the South were frightened
into the belief that their institutions were assailed;
and, before they had time for the sober second
thought, they were rushed into the vortex of rev-
olution. The revolt might, and probably would,
have occuned if there never had been any agita-
tion of the slavery question; and certainly would
if any question had arisen on which the southern
people could have been unitedly arrayed against
the policy of this Government. It was attempted
in 1832, when the South was agitated on the tariff
question; and the countsy then probably would
have been plunged into civil war, had it not been
suppressed by the prompt decision of the then
President.
The insurrection stands without justification
in law or morals. It is a rebellion, not against
usurpation, not to resist oppression, not to redress
grievances, but to overthrow and destroy the Gov-
ernment itself; and the American people are con-
stiained by the most sacred obligations of citizen-
ship, by constitutional duty and the love of order,
by the instinct of self-preservation and the fear of
anarchy, by the traditions of the pastand the hope
of the future, by their public character and the
cause of constitutional freedom everywhere, to
vindicate their nationality, and to resist a rebel-
lion so causelessly and rashly begun. The rebels
seized the sword, and the American people were
left no alternative but to accept the gage of battle,
or to submit to the destruction of their Govern-
ment, and themselves become the vassals of an
usurped dominion. With the Government and
its loyal people it is a war of self-defense to re-
pel aggression, to vindicate violated authority, to
regain what had be<*n forcibly taken, and reduce
rebellious subjects to obedience.
And such was the policy of this Government.
On the 15th of April, ] 861, the President, by proc-
lamation, called for seventy-five thousand troops
to resist the rebellion; and he then declared his
puipose was tk to cause the laws to be duly ex-
ecuted.'' in his message to Congress at the extra
session, he reiterated the same general purpose as
the object of the war, and added, u It was with
the deepest, regret that the Executive found the
duty of employing the war-power in defense of
the Government forced upon him; he could but
perform his duty or surrender the existence of the
Government:" and earnestly expressed the hope
that the action of Congress and the Executive
might so accord '* as to assure all faithful citizens
who have been dis'ui bed in their rights of a cer-
tain and speedy restoration to them under the Con-
stitution and the laws.''
Doth Houses of Congress, with singular una-
nimity, participated m these patriot) cand geneious
senrimems. At the same session, with but two
dissenting voices in this House andtour or live m
the other, the following resolution was adopted:
"That the pie^ut deplorable war has b<}en foiced upon
tliceonutiv b\ The<jisuiuuni-t-«of the -ouu.^rn Wtutca, now
in rovolt .iga'in-t the eon tiu:tU>nr«! Govcnnncnt, ai;d iu
airii-: ruound tie' capital; that in tins natnnaS eme.g.riey,
Oengio--. ba'ii'-lnng all feelings of meie passion m ivcrut-
ins? n't , wii! nr>5 v if-'hU" fo th^vhnV efin'ry  ?V>t
