MB
TBE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
this war is not waged on tlicir part with any spiritofoppres-
slon, nor for any purpose of conquest or subjugation, nor
purpose of overthrowing or interfering with the rights or
established institutions of those States, but to defend and
maintain the supremacy of the Constitution, and to pre-
serve the Union with ail the dignity, equality, and rights of
the several States unimpaired; and that as soon as these
objects are accomplished the war ought to cease."
This resolution announced a policy as wise and
fenerous as it was necessary and constitutional,
t was sustained by the undivided opinion of all
die. loyal States, taxes were cheerfully submitted
to, and volunteers crowded the ranks of the Army
to repletion. The war went on successfully; the
South seemed less earnest and united; and every-
thing betokened an early and complete suppres-
sion .of the rebellion, and a happy restoration of
the Union. But it was not long to be adhered to.
immediately on the meeting of Congress in De-
cember last, the fiend of Abolition began to show
hishorrid front. The leading members of the domi-
nant party in both Houses betrayed a desire to
give the war a new direction.
On the first day of the session, agentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] moved in this House
a joint resolution—
il That, in the judgment of the two Houses, the President
of the United States, as Commander-m-Chiefofthe Armv,
and the officers in command under him, have the right to
emancipate all persons held as slaves in any military dis-
trict in a £tate of insurrection against the national Gov-
ernment ; and that we respectfully advise that such order of
emancipation be issued."
And on the same day the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] the very corypheus of
evil, to do the work more thoroughly, moved a
joint resolution which, after declaring that slavery
is the cause of the war, recited:
"Whereas, there can be no solid and permanent peace
and union in this Republic so long as that institution exists
within it: Theielore,
" Be it resolved, That the President be requested to
declare free, and to direct all of our generals and officers in
command to older freedom to all slaves who shall leave
their masters."
These resolutions were not adopted, nor yet
were they rejected. They were postponed from
time to time, and never finally acted on; but they
wore the incipient steps, and disclose the animus
of a series of measures, all having (he abolition of
slavery for their object, which, before the close of
the session, assumed the forms of law. Mr. Sum-
ner, in his Boston speech, thus felicitates himself
and his audience on the progress made in a single
session:
" Fellow-citizens, a year has passed since I addressed
you; but during this time what events for warning and en-
couingement! Aimdu vicissitudes ot \vai,the cause of
human freedom has steadily and gianuly advanced; not, per-
haps as J ou could desire, yet it is the only eau^e which has
not failed. SJavoiy and the black Jaws all abolished m the
national capital; slavery mteidicted in all th« national ter-
riton ; Hayti and Libei ia recognized as independent tepub-
licsia theYainily of nations; the slave trade placed under
the ban of a new treaty with Great Britain ; all persons in
the military service prohibited fiom returningMaves or sit-
ting in judgment on the claim of a master; the slaves of
rebels emancipated by coming within our lines; a tender
of compensation for the abolition of slaves. Such are some
of the triumphs of freedom in the recent Congress. Amidst
the doubts and uncertainties of the present houi, let us th.nk
of these tilings and be comforted. 1 cannot forget that when j
l last spoke to you 1 urged the liberation of the slaves of '
rebels, and especially that our officers should not be per-
mitted to surrender to flavery any human being who bought
shelter within our lines; andlfutther Miggo.stod, if need
be, a bridge of gold for the retreating fiend. And now, all
that I then proposed is embodied in the legislation of the
country as the supreme law of the land."
Mr. Chairman, the professed motive forall this
was to suppress the rebellion; but that deceived ;
nobody. We all know the real motive is aboli-
tion of slavery; and the period of the war was
seized as most favorable for the accomplishment
of the purpose. It was well known it could not
bring peace nearer; but it was also known that
when three quarters of a million men were in arms,
and under their command, it was a favorable mo-
ment to accomplish an end which in time of peace
they would not even venture to propose. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has
disclosed the object; it was abolitition of slavery
everywhere by force of arms. War is announced
for its destruction; warns well againstthosc States
and people who had to that lime been loyal as
those who had beendisloyahagainst weak women
and defenseless infancy; against the officer of the
Government who has devoted his energies to the
service of the Government, and the soldier in the
field who was offering up his life to support the I
power now invoked to overwhelm him! ".No'
peace in this Republic  o long as that institution I
exists within it." Horrid imprecation! To show
I do not misapprehend the import of this brief
sentence, allow me to remind you of the author's
own commentary. In his speech of the 22d of
January, he said:
"Let the people know that this Government is fighting
not only to enforce a sacred compact, but to carry out to
final perfection the principles of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, which its framers expected would long since
have been fulfilledon this continent, and the blood of every
freeman would boil with enthusiasm, and his nerves be
strengthened in this holy warfare. Give him the sword m
one hand, and the book of freedom in the other, and he will
soon sweep despotism and rebellion from every corner of
tMs continent. Thus would a benign Providence bring in-
calculable good out of this mighty evil."
"What an opportunity is presented to this Republic to
vindicate her consistency and become immortal! The oc-
casion is forced upon us, and the invitation pie>ented to
strike the chains from four million human beings, and
create them men ; to extinguish slavery on this whole con
tment; to wipe out, so far as wo are concerned, the most
hateful and infernal blot that evei disgiaced tne escutcheon
of man; to write a page in tnc history of the vvorhl whose
brightness snail eclipse all the records of heroes and of
sages."
Mr. Chairman, we of the border States could
not become parties to such a purpose. If we had
had no interests forbidding, we should have been
restrained by considerations of patriotism, justice,
and humanity. We knew that this Government
can rightfully exert no authority over slavery
in the States; and that efforts in that direction
could not lead to peace, but Would prolong and
embitter the strife, and lead probably to the de-
struction of all constitutional Government. We
knew that millions of property held by loyal and
innocent people, under the guarantee of this as
well as the State governments, would be destroyed,
which this Government neither would nor could
pay for. We knew it involved the doom of the
slave himself; for when you take from him the
protection of ownership, you consign him to a
merciless destruction. We could feel no sympa-
thy for, and give no aid to, such a policy. Still,
Ave hoped the purpose would be abandoned by its
projectors, or foiled, and that the war would be
confined to its original object. The President had
not yielded to the " pressure." We saw with
anxiety that he staggered under the load, but we
were chcercd at bis repeated refusals, and the
solid arguments by which he sustained himself.
We hoped that he" would hold out to the last; and
that hope grew into assuiance when success
crowned our arms. When victory was proclaimed
from the field of Antietam, the national heart
leaped for joy. It rejoiced and gave thanks that
the enemy, who came with fire and sword to de-
stroy our nationality, was humbled and driven
back; and yet more fervently did it rejoice that
that great event removed the argument of neces-
sity out of the President's way, and preserved
unity among loyal men, and the country from
that " remorseless civil war" he had so earnestly
deprecated.
Bui that joy was of short duration. The country
was destined soon to encounter a sadder disap-
pointment than it had yet been required to bear.
The President at last gave way, Manfully had
he struggled, and firmly had he stood, when the
danger seemed greatest; buthestiuggled and stood
no longer. With hopeful spirit and strong arm
he had stemmed the current where its waters ran
wildest, but when the haven was nigh, and he had
even touched the strand, he sank beneath its wave!
As the thunder-bolt from a cloudless sky, the
proclamation fe!i upon the country. Men stood
mute in amazement. Its suddenness, its utter con-
tempt tor the Constitution, its imperial pretension,
the thoiough upheaving of the whole social organ-
ization which it decreed, and the perspective of
crime, and blood, and ruin, which it opened to the
vision, filled every patriotic heait with astonish-
ment, terror, and indignation. Look at this proc-
lamation. It declares:
"That on the let day of January, in the year of our Lord
onetiiousand eight hundred and sixty three, all persons held
as slaves within any State, or designated pait of a Slate,
the people wbeieof hball then be in lebeiiion against the
United States, shall be then, thenceforward, and forever
free ; and the executive Government of the United States,
including tne military and naval authority thereof, will rec-
ognize and maintain the freedom of such peibOii-«, and will
do no act or acts to repress such persons, or any of them,
in any effort they may make for their actual freedom."
There is no limitation or restriction; all persons
held as slaves in the prescribed States or districts,
no matter by whom held, shall be then, thence-
forward, and forever free. An existing and im-
portant element of the social organization, as old
as American society itself, and as firmly estab-
lished, which runs through and permeates the
whole fabric, is rudely abolished, and a new so-
ciety, with new and repulsive telations between
its members, is decreed, and that for all time to
come. The slave is told that the Executive will
maintain the freedom of such persons—maintain
it by the whole military power of the Government
—and do no act to repress them in any efforts they
may make for their actual freedom. The slave
is not only declared free, but he is made the sole
judge of the means to be taken by him to secure
his actual freedom. Ho may cruelly slay his
master, apply the torch to his dwelling, consign
his family to indiscriminate butchery, or commit
any enormity he judges necessary for his "actual
freedom;"and this proclamation pledges the exec-
utive Government "to do no act to repress him."
And this is denounced as a punishment to the
owners of all slaves in the proscribed States, for
crimes committed by a ruling majority in such
States. Who will it affect ? Certainly not those
for whose crime it is denounced, for they are
already provided for by the confiscation act, and
have no slaves to be set free; theirs are free already,
if this Government has constitutional power to
liberate them. This denunciation will strike none
but the innocent and the helpless—loyal men,
helpless women and children, and the non-resi-
dent who may perhaps be giving his energies,
and offering up his life to sustain the Government
against those for whose crimes he is proposed to
be made the victim. And it is no mitigation of the
enormity of the act, that compensation is prom-
ised to the innocent loyalist. He is deprived of
his property—that perhaps could be valued—but
his life, and that of his wife and children, are ex-
posed to the violence of an ignorant and savage
enemy, and no amount can compensate him for
these. But no compensation is promised; the
President only engages—
" In due time to recommend that all citizens of the United
States who shall have remained loyal thereto throughout
tiie lebelhon shall (upon the lesroiation of the constitu-
tional relation between the United States and their re-
spective States and people, if that relation shall have been
suspended or disturbed) be compensated for all losses by
acts of the United States, including the loss of slaves.55
We very well know that no compensation will
be provided ;or, judging from the past, ifany shall
be, it will be at a rate fifty per ccnt. below the
money value of the property, and be paid in a me-
dium worth now one quarter less than gold, and
then perhaps one half.
Where does the President find the power to is*
sue the edict? We look in vain for it in the Con-
stitution. Tt is not one of the powers granted, nor
is it an incident necessary to the execution of any
that arc granted. Slaves are held under laws of
the States, everywhere admitted to be valid, and
so recognized by the Constitution and laws, and
every department of this Government. All con-
cede, and none more unreservedly than the Presi-
dent and his party, that there is no power in this
Government to interfere with slavery in the States.
It can neither establish or abolish it in the States.
No power over it is given to Congress or the
President by the Constitution. The Chicago con-
vention in its platform, on which the Adminis-
tration was brought into power, broadly declares:
"That the maintenance inviolate of the rights of the
States, and especially the right of each State to oider and
control its own domestic institutions accoidtng to its own
judgment exclusively, id essential to that balance ot power
on which the perfection and endurance of our political
f."5 1t,c depends."
And the President, in his inaugural address, in
.simpler but more direct and emphatic language,
declared:
"I have no puipose. directly or indirectly, to interfere
with the institution in the States where itexiVts. I believe
I have no right to do so ; and f have no inclination to do so 15
But it is argued that the power of this Govern-
ment is enlarged by a sta'e of war. It is difficult
to perceive how a state of war in any way alters
or enlarges the power of the Government to deal
with its own people. 1 had supposed the Consti-
tution was for all time, and for every emeigcncy
of peace and of war, unchangeable and unchanged;
the same under all circumstances; as it was yes-
terday, so it is to-day,and will he forever, except
as it may be altered by the power that made if. I
had supposed that no external circumstance coo id
alter, enlarge, or abridge any of the rights and
