1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1087
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I renew the mo-
tion to adjourn,
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the yeas and nays upon
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 44, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Baily, Biddlc, \VHIiam G Brown. Cobb, Ro^coo
Conklmg, Ciavens, Gndei, Flak;, Ilall, Hauling, ilolman,
Johnson, Knupp, Leaiy, Malloiy}May, Menztes, Mitchell,
Mooihead, Noble, Norton, Nusen,Odell, Pendleton, Pi ice,
Kobinson. James S. Ilolltn*. Shiel, Smith, William G.
Steele, Stiles, Benjamin 1<\ Thomas, Yallandigham, Voor-
hocs, Wadswot.h, Wallace., Whaley, Chilton A. White,
Wickhffe, Woodiuft'. and Yeaman—44.
NAYS—Aldnch, Alley, Baxter, Beaman. Bing-
ham, Blake, Baffin ton, Colfax, Fiedoi ick A. Conklmg, ('ut-
leij Davis-, b.uves, Divcn, Edwards, Eliot, Fenton, Samuel
C. Fessenden, Thomas A. J). Fossenden, Fiank, Gooeh,
Jlai^iJt, flan ison, Hickman, Hooper, lJorton, iltneluu?,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Lansing,
Looiuis, Low, Mclvcan, Mclvm.gbt, Justm 8. Monill,
Nixon, Noeil, Ohn, Timothy G. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy,
Poner, John 11. ILtce, Sa/gent, Scgur, Shanks, Sheffield.
Sheliabaigei, Sherman, Sloan, SpauUlmg, Steven?, Tiow-
biidge, Van Horn, Van Valkenbuigh, Vetree, Walker,
Washbuine, Wilson, Windoia, and Worcester—61.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. WADSWOIITH." is it in order to recon-
sider the vote by which the House refused to ad-
journ r
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. STJLES. At this late day in the session
it requires all the impulse of duty to overcome my
determination to allow the debate to close without
mingling- in this discussion. Nor can I venture
to detain you at any great length after the bril-
liant effort you have just witnessed by my friend
from Maryland [Mr. May] in opposition to the
bill now before the House. But, sir, m the dis-
cussion, which has taken a very wide range, the
provisions of this monstrous proposition and its
fallacies have been almost entirely overlooked.
This bill seeks to indemnify, sanction, and pro-
tect executive tyranny and power. It strikes a
deadly blow at the rights of the people, and if
adopted wjII be one of tlie most imperishable
relics of executive oppression. It admits m terms
the fact that unwarrantable power has been exer-
cised by the Administration, and seeks to shield
the usurpers by passing a law clearly ex post facto,
and which, in any place where the law is justly
adnunistt'iud, can never receive the approval of
any court, it is without precedent in this coun-
try, and is a fearful attempt to subvert the rights
and liberties of the people, ft is a plain violation
of our obligations to those we represent, and if
placed upon the statute-book will itmte the ob-
loquy and contempt of enlightened men in ail time
to come. I can hardly believe it possible that
such a proposition can receive the sanction even
of this Congress. The powers of the Executive
are not enlarged by a state of war. The framers
of tlie Constitution had just passed thiough the
war of the Revolution, and at its close framed a
Constitution "in order to form a more perfect
union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common defense, promote
the general welfare, and secure the blessings of
liberty to ourselves and our postcnty." There
are no implied poweis in its provisions, and the
rights of the Executive are clearly defined. If is
so plainly written that it has been understood
by the commonest mind, and all encroachments
upon its clearly-expressed provisions have always
received the condemnation of the people. We
are witnessing now the efforts to shield the Ex-
e< utive from gross violations of the Constitution,
Protected or not by legislation no power can avert
the storm that will sweep from power the party
that has abused the trust committed to them by a
deceived and confiding people.
On the 22d of {September, 186-2, the President
of the United States issued a proclamation declar-
ing-™
" That on the 1st d.iy of January, in the year of our Lord
1S53. all poison* held as *-l.ive- within any Siaf^ oi desig-
nated pait of a State, the people whereof shall then be in
tebellion against the United St.ues, shall be then. thence-
Ibrwaid, and forever fiee; and the cveeu'ive Government
ot the United States, mcImUng the military aad naval
authonty thereof, will recognize and maintain the fieedom
(if such person*, and will do no act or act-1 to ieprcs-s such
pc -nn , or any of them, in any they muy make for
their actual freedom.'*
Two days later he issued another proclamation,
declaring—
''Whereas it lias become necessary to call into service
not only volunteers, but also that portions of the militia of
the States-- be dialled, in ordei to suppress the insurrection
existing in the United States, and disloyal persons are not
adequately regained, by the ordinary processes of law,
ftom hindering these moa-anep, and fiom giving aid and
eomfort in vanoin ways to the ms-uirection: Now, tliere-
foie, be it oiriered,
Vl I. Thai (tilling the exNiim insurrection, and as a neces-
sary measuie for suppies«tng the <-ame, all lebels and insur-
gents, then aiders and abettors, within the United States,
and all poisons discouragingvoiuntecr enlistments, lett-
ing militia diafts, oi guilty of any di-loyal practice, affoid-
ing aid and comfoit to the rebels against the authority of
the (Tinted States, shall be subject to martial law, and liable
to tiial and punishment by eourt-maitial or mihtaiy coui-
mi^ion.
'• il. That the writ of habeas coy pits is suspended in rcspeet
to nil person? arrested, or who are now, or lieteafter during
the lebellion shall be, imprisoned in any fort, camp, arsenal,
military piisou, or other place of confinement by any mil-
iuuy authoiity, oi by the sentence of any eourt-inarual or
military commission.
The second was a corollary of the first, and was
intended to intimidate the people and compel obe-
dience and support to the decree that the aboli-
tion of slavery was to be one of the objects for
which the present war was to be prosecuted. Dis-
cussion of the merits and utility of the first proc-
lamation was to be prevented by the threatened
en foi cement of the second. Following these exec-
utive decrees was an order from the War Depart-
ment establishing a uniform system of provost
marshals throughout all the States, and martial
law was declared. We all know with what indig-
nation these executive usurpations were received
throughout the northern States; what followed is
a part of the country's history. Newspapers were
suppressed tfiat dared to differ with the Execu-
tive; the mails were carefully examined that no
papers should be conveyed unless they advocated
the policy of this one man power; public meetings
were interrupted by excited mobs, and hundreds
of citizens were forcibly taken from their homes
to distant forts, bastiles, and dungeons. All this
was done, loo, in States where none of the courts
were interfered with, where the laws were faith-
fully and honestly administered. This was not
all. The accused was arrested without informa-
tion, without the command of a magistrate, with-
I out hem ing, without bomginformed ofthc lt nature
j of the offense." jNro day was ever fixed for his
| tiia', and ail communication with friends denied.
| All these things were done in violation of all the
forms known to the law. Sir, the history of no
Go vernmcn t, despotic or fiee, can fuini^h a parallel
to these wanton, base, and wicked usurpations.
The people in vain insisted that these proclama-
tions were in violation of the Constitution, which
declares that—
'• T:r< niiht of the people to lie seemed in their poison0,
houses. papei«, and elects against unreasonable searches
and sei/tnes '•hall not be violated, and no wan ant shall
is-ue but upon probable cau-e, -uppoi ted by oath or affirm-
ation,and paitieulailv desciibing the place to be switched,
and the ptr-ou-j and things to (>►: seized."'
Counter shall make no law respecting an establishment
of i elision oi pi oh ibi ting tin fiee e\eieise theieof, oi abi idl-
ing the freedom of speech, oi of the press, or the right of
the people peaceably to assemble and to petition the Gov-
ernment fur a redress ot guevunee-."
The fifth and sixth articles of the amendments
to the Constitution further provide:
" Art 5. No poison shall bo held to answer for a capital
or othet\vi!>e infamous eiime, tinier on a pieseuiment or
indictment of a giand jmy, cwpi in cases arising in the
land oi naval foiees, oi m the militia, when in actual ber-
vieo in time of wai ot public dangei ; nor shall any person
be subjeet for the -ame oilense to he twice put in jeopardy
o! hie or limb ; not shall i>  compelled in any ci uniii.il case
to be a wium'-s against him-elf, nor be deptivod oi life, Illi-
cit y, or propci ty without due process ot law ; nor shall pii-
vatVpioperiy be taken for public Use without just compen-
sation.
Akt. G In all cinnmal prosecutions the accused shall
enioy the tight toaspecdv and public trial, by an impartial
luiy'ofthe Stare and distnct wheirin the crime shall have
lji.en committed, which district shall have been pieviously
ascertained bv law, <uul to be [nfoimed of the natme and
'j cause of the aeeus.itiou ; to he confronted with the wit-
:! nes<es anainst inm; tohave < ompulsory pioccss for obtam-
i j ing Witnes^c's jn his favor, and to have the assistance of
lj counsel for his defense.*>
In addition to these provisions of the Constitu-
tion which had been violated, they might yet have
had hope that their rights could be maintained
had not the last hope been crushed in the .suspen-
sion of thf habeas corpus. It was incorporated into
the very body of t he Constitution by the men who
had enjoyed it* protection under a different form
of government, and to make it an everlasting bar-
rier between powei and innocence, they declared:
uThe pnvilegfi of the writ of hihcas corpus shall not be
suspended. unles< when m case of lebrlison or invasion tiic
public safety may require it."
The V public safety" in the States perfectly
undisturbed by the rebellion required no such ex-
ecutive interference, and the people everywhere
regarded them as a fearful violation of their rights
and a step towards despotism. It then became a
contest before the people at the popular elections
between executive power and popular rights—a
contest between oppression and liberty. The Ad-
ministration claimed, as tyrants always have done
in all time, that it was a necessity, that a military
necessity existed for the abrogation of all civil
rights. The people protested that a state of war
changed none of the rights of the citizen and en-
larged none of the powers of the Executive; that
you had declared and the Executive had sanc-
tioned the resolution of this Congress:
u That this war is not waged on their part in any spirit of
oppression, oi foi any purpose of eonqucst or subjugation,
oi purpose of overthrowing o  interfiling with the rights or
established institutions of the State-*, but to defend and
maintain ihc sapiemacy of the Constitution, and to pre-
sei ve the Union with all the dignity, equality, and rights of
the several States unimpaired; and that as soon as these
objects are accomplished the war ought to cease."
They protested that, with this declaration em-
bodied- in your proceedings as the avowed object
of the war, the President had attempted to make
it a crusade for subjugation, emancipation, and
the overthrow of slavery, and notfor a restoration
of the Union ofthc States. In these popular elec-
tions m the central and western States they were
against all these arbitrary arrests; against the sus-
pension of the writ of habeas corpus; against eman-
cipation, and against all the policy inaugurated
and attempted to be enforced by military power.
The persons made victims under this military
necessity submitted to long imprisonments and
weie released without trial, although m many and
perhaps all cases they petitioned for a hearing,
that they m.'ghl vindicate their innocence. This
was denied. In some cases they have appealed
to the law, that their utter innocence of all crime
might be eamblished, and that the reasons for
their anest, the cause and nature of the offense
might bo known. You to-day are seeking to dis-
arm them by passing this bill, which provides that
all " arrests and imprisonments made under the
authoi ity of the President shall be confirmed and
made valid''and that "all indictments and inform-
ations, actions, suits, prosecutions, and proceed-
ings whatsoever, commenced or to be c.ommcnced
against the said President, or any of the persons
aforesaid, in relation to the acts of the said Presi-
dent or any of the persons aforesaid, in relation
to the acts and matters aforesaid, or any of them,
are hereby discharged and made void."
The bill provides further:
" That dining the existence of this rebellion the Presi-
dent shall be, and is heieby, invented with aulhoitty to de-
elaie the suspension of the piivilcge of the wiu of huhcas
co?7'u.s."
You thus place in his hands absolute power over
more than thirty million people, with no appeal
from his mandate and decree. The Senate amend-
ments have materially changed the bill. They
are more objectionable than the bill as it passed
this House. It utterly destroys the right of trial
by jury in the State courts, transfers the actions
now pending and hereafter to be brought to Fed-
eral courts, and is intended to defeat altogether
the lights of the citizen to the trial by jury before
his peeis. It interferes with the independence of
the judiciary of the States. It tends to destroy
the sovereignty of the States, and it places in the
Federal power what of right belongs to the States.
It is intended to delay, harass, and defeat the par-
ties who were the victims uuderand by virtue of
these extraordinary and justly condemned orders
and proclamations. I protest against this meas-
ure, because it violates that provision of the Con-
stitution which says, c< no ex post facto law shall
be passed;" because it shields the guilty and op-
presses the innocent; because it tends to avoid in-
vestigation into these abuses, and weakens confi-
dence in^he Government, which %as intended to
be the protector of personal rights. I oppose it,
because you have refused to allow resolutions
of inquiry to go to the Departments that we may
know by whom and for what these summary ai-
rests were ordered to be made. The.minority of
this House have been peisistent in their efforts to
bri £ to the light of day the extent of these en-
croachments upon the people. Sir, it has been
urged that the President had the power to sus-
pend the writ of habeas corpus. The fallacy ef
