1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
powers it conferred on the Government. Such was
the teaching1 of the fathers of the Republic, and
such the universal faith until now. But whence
comes this idea that the powers of this Govern-
ment are enlarged by a state of war? Into what
grant of the instrument shall we look for this
springing use? The powers it gives, as well as
those it withholds, are clearly defined, and this is
not one of them. Where, then, shall we find it?
In necessity, we ate told—the necessity of sup-
pressing the rebellion, and of preserving the na-
tional life. Necessity is a broad claim; it has no
limit; it is boundless, deep, broad, overwhelming.
Once admitted as a power belonging to this Gov-
ernment, it swallows up all other powers, and re-
solves everything into the mere discretion of the
individual who may happen to wield its mighty
energies. This is the definition of despotism. Be-
fore this pretension,the Constitution, with all its
grants and prohibitions, is driven as mist befoie
the wind. And when the Constitution is gone,
what becomes of the national life? The nation
lives and moves and has its being in the Consti-
tution. Without the Constitution, it would not
exist; it would be merely territory and a people,
a tribe—without union, without law, and without
a name. National life is constitutional life; if one
is destroyed, the other ceases to exist. This doc-
trine presents this absurdity: you roust put aside
the Constitution to preserve it; you must destroy
the national life to save it; you must kill the man
to keep him from dying.
We arc reminded that this Government, when
in a state of war, may exert powers which it can-
not use when in a state of peace. It is conceded;
but it does not thence follow that such powers
are not constitutional powers. The power to de-
clare war is expressly granted to Congress. As
soon as this power is exerted, and the war is pro-
claimed, the laws of war come into force to reg-
ulate the conduct of the war, and the rights and
duties of the belligerents. The laws of war are
the usages of nations, recognized by the whole
family of nations as rules to govern their rela-
tions to each other while in that condition. They
are part of that great body of international law,
which has sprung out of and regulates the inter-
course of nations, and is attested by their usages;
but they are not the less constitutional and ob-
ligatory because they were not made, and cannot
be altered, by act of Congress. The laws of war,
though greatly ameliorated by the beneficent in-
fluence of Clnistian civilization, and, happily,
every day becoming more so, are older than the
Constitution, and became part of thesystem it es-
tablished; and when the Constitution empowered
Congress to declare war, it thereby empowered
Congress to place the nation in that relation to
some other nation in which those laws apply.
The laws of war are the general, not the indi-
vidual or exceptional, usages of nations to each
other in a state of war. They lie scattered along
through the recoidsofhistory,and may be found,
compiled by pains-taking persons, in books on :
international law. I shall not pause just hero to !
inquire what they authorize or what tliry forbid. ;
I shall content myself with pointing out two or
three characteristics which run through the whole
body, and arc of jts essence; ;
First. They pertain to and regulate the relations ;
of the belligerents alone, and not the relations of
one of the belligerents with its own subjects.
When war is declaied, the rules of public law ap-
ply with leference to the othei patty to the wai; 1
but the domestic or individual (aw of each belli- '
gerent stands for the government of itself and its ■
relations to its own subjects unaffected by the ,
state of war. Whate\cr, therefore, the laws of '
war, {('applicable to the existing state of things .
in this country, may authouze this Government ,
to do to the people at war with it, they certainly ,
do not impair the foiceof the Constitution or au-
thorize this Government, or any depm tment of ,
it, to do to its own people what is then inhibited, !
or, which is the same thing, not uuthoi izod. :
Second. Their application in emi wars is not •
complete, but only mote or less so. aecoiiiing to
circumstances. War, in the sense of international
law, is of two kinds—peifect, and imperfect or
mixed. Perfect or public war is a contest by i
foice between independent sovereign States, one ;i
whole nation against another; and to this kind of 1,
war alone do the laws and rules of war estab-
lished by the concurrent usages of war fully ap- i
ply. Mixed or imperfect war is limited as to
persons or places. All civil war is imperfect war,
and more or less so, according to the circum-
stances of each particular case. To imperfect
war the laws of war apply only sub modo. They
are modified by the peculiar relations of the par-
ties, and the greater or less degree of perfection
which attends the hostilities. Civil war exists
when a party is formed in a State who no longer
obey the sovereign, and are possessed of sufficient
strength to oppose him, and do oppose him with
force. To such a case the laws of war apply,
but only to those who are actually engaged in
such opposition; as to all others he is at peace,
and the laws of war do notapply. It is not nation
against nation; it is the sovereign against rebel-
lious subjects; and the rules of war cannot be
broader than the war itself.
Third. They apply only during the continuance
of the war. "When the war ceases, the laws of
war, with all their consequences, cease, and the
parties assume their normal condition. They
cannot become the foundation of a system reach-
ing away into the far future. Private rights exist-
ing before the war are not remitted; these remain
as before, and the remedies are revived. Civil
wars are prosecuted by the Government to main-
tain thcauthoiity of its laws and reduce the rebel-
lious to obedience; when this is accomplished, the
rebel subsides into the citizen, and all his lights
and obligations under the Constitution and laws
are revived. He is privileged to pursue the one,
and is liable for all breaches of the other, whether
to the State or individuals, as before the revolt.
In such a case there can be no treaty of peace to
determine the rights of the parties to the war.
The proclamation violates each one of these fun-
damental rules. It sets free, or attempts to set
free,alUlavcs held within the proscribed districts,
without respect to the residence or citizenship or
guilt of the owner. If a citizen of New York or
Massachusetts, or even a foreigner, resident many
of the loyal States, or abroad, should happen to
be the owner of a slave in the rebellious region—
and there are many such eases—that slave is liber-
ated, though as to his owner there is no war, and
the Constitution is in full force.
Again, this is not a public or perfect war, but
an impei feet or civil war; the parties to it are the
Government on the one side and the insurgents
who have actually taken arms, and their aideis
and abetUus,on the other, us to all others in the
proscribed region, this Government is at peace,
and they are entitled to the full measure of their
constitutional rights. That there aie very many
such, and that this is their right find our duty,
we have th^ no less exalted authority than the
President himself, in his message of July, 1861,
he said: " j
•' It may well he {jtiemoned whe.mer there i% to-day, a '
mnjonty of the legally qualified voter-- of any State, except !
poihaps South C.'uolitia, m favor ofm-siimon. There is muc h !
rcar<on to behove that the Union men ate the majonly m
many it not tn eviy other one oi the so-called scceued
States. The contiary ha:- not been demonstrated in any one
of mom
xtfor, I add, ha« it been to ?hi<  day. The Presi-
dent if, speaking oi legally quahfi-'d voters in those
States; m addition to these, theie are ail the wo-
men and children raid a larso non-voting class m
all those States who have taken no part in the war,
and could take no pert, and been guilty of no act
of Ueason. They must be accounted loyal citi-
zens in the legal sense, at least. With them we
are not at war; they have a right to claim the pro-
Lei tion of the Constitution; and this Government
eamiot ughtfully withhold it. Ilear what the
President in the same message says: jj
'• lie f th" Kxoeutivoj desire- to pre-ervc the Government ! ]
th.ir ir in iv h > .uinuin-l'-r. <} fm all. a* it w.t- adnnnj-tiiied ji
by the men who made it Loyal «-itixens everywhi rc have h
the ri**1it to claim ilusoftli ir Government, and the Gov- j]
eminent ha- no light to withhold oi negieet'lt." j]
And yet this pioclamution seizes and destroys
the properly of tluue people, and gives them the
cold comfoi tof «i promise to recommend that pay-
ment be made them a! rhe end of the war, provided
tin y I.ear thi*« chastisement wnh becoming meek-
ness, mid remain loyal till peace shall once more
bless the hinu.
And, yet ae;am, the laws of war by which " this
la^t great act"—1 quote the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer—is professed to have been done, cease to
be effective when the war ceases, ami all that is
done under them must ccase,; yet the President
| gives them perpetuity, and a scope which sweeps
I through all time. Actingunder Ihom he destroys
: the owner's right, and decrees freedom to the
I slave 4i thenceforth and forever."
j But passing by all this, let us see Whether tins
j proclamation treats the laws of war, in whose name
' it professes to act, any more respectfully than it
does the Constitution. Does it confine* itself to
what they allow? Slaves are property; the Pres-
ident has so said; and the liberation of them is the
seizure, appropriation, and destruction of that
property, and for that we have the same high au-
thority. In his annual message to this session,
the President says:
"The liberation of slaves Is the destruction of property
—property acquired by descent or purchase, the same as
any othei property."
Slavesare not public property, butprivate prop-
erty, held on land in the proscribed States by citi-
zens thereof or of other States, and no discrimina-
tion is made between resident and non-resident,
guilty or innocent, owners. All are blended in one
common destruction.
The laws of war, it is plain, can only aflfect
encmy'sptoperty. The offer4'to sign anil seal on
engagement pure and simple" to the Paris decla-
ration commits the President and his Cabinet to
this proposition; and yet, in defiance of it, he con-
fiscates friendly property, without seeming to note
its exemption.
The proclamation asserts without qualification,
and acts upon the broad proposition, that this
Government may seize, and dispose of, as a right
of war, all the property of a certain class, not con-
traband of war, found in the States whose people
are in insurrection • and, in accordance therewith,
the President does seize and confiscate it. Such
is not the understanding of the world, nor the prac-
tice of this Government. Private property on land
is not the subject of capture and confiscation.
Vattel thus lays down the rule:
u The conqueror seizes the possessions of the State, the
public piopeity, while private individuals are permitted to
j retain then*. They Milfor but indirectly by the war, and
tiie conquest only subjects them to a new master."
And in perfect accordance with him are all mod-
ern writers on international law. Kent says:
<£ The general rule now is, not to touch private property
upon land without compensation."
j To the tenth edition of Kent's great work, pub-
1 lished in 1860, there is a note, (vol. 1, p. 102,) in
I which the enlightened editors, after reviewing* the
: practice of nations on this subject, reach this con-
clusion, as the sum of the whole:
| Protection ami full security to the persons and property
of the peaceable inhabitants of conquered towns and prov-
i ince-., are according to the doctrine and declared practice
; ot modern civilised nations."
j Wheaton is to the same effect. He says:
j " Piivate property on land is exempt from confiscation."
; These principles have constantly controlled this
j Governments its dealings with other nations. In
j the war of 1812, the British army took and set free
S a number of slaves, the private properly of Amer-
: ican citizens; this Government, at the close of the
; war, insisting upon the rule that private property
on land was not liable to seizure and confiscation,
' claimed compensation for the deported slaves.
, Mr. Adams, our Minister at London, in his letter
to Lord Castlereagh, pressing the claim on the
fhitish Government, said:
u Dy the sane u^;i?es of riviliz^d nation*, private prop-
erty j- not subject of lawful capture in war upon land."
This principle was fully conceded by that Gov-
ernment, and it paid the full value of the slaves so
deported.
The principle thus insisted upon by this Gov-
ernment in suppoit of its own lights, it has vol-
untarily practiced to other nations. Upon the
invasion of Mexio m 1346, General Tuyloi was
instructed by Mr. Marcy, then Secretary of War,
" to abstain from appropriating private property
to the public uses unt.l purchased nf a fair price.
!n the negotiations upon the Pans declaration,
this subject came into full discussion. The ob-
ject of that declaration is very cleaily M-t forth by
Mr. Mnrcy, then Secretary of State, m his letter
of 28vh July, 1856, to the French Minister, .and
m the course of that letter he announced as an un-
questionable rule of j'ubhc law, that "the wanton
pilla^eoruncornpensau d appropriuiamofindit «d-
uai property by an army, even hi possession of
an enemy's country, is against the usage of modern
