1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
not have had power to strut in our midst, and feast
its malignant appetite on the vitals of the Repub-
lic; the country would have been preserved from
the predominance of sectional antipathy; the spec-
ter of anarchy would not have risen np to plague
us; and no cloud would have overshadowed the
field of American power and glory. I never can
forget, and it will be hard to forgive, the movers
to this fatal step.
Secession, and the abolition of slavery in the
States by the act of this Government, arc twin
enemies of the Constitution, and the deadly foes
of each other. They aie warring with each other,
and both upon the Constitution and the Union.
Their principle of action is the converse of the same
idea, but tending to the same rrsult. The logical
end of each is the overthrow of the Government.
Secession denies American nationality, and claims
all political power as belonging to the States; abo-
lition ignores the just rights of the States, and cen-
tralizes all power here. Both ore equally wrong,
and, in principle, equally dangerous. The States
have rights; this Government has rights; they arc
plainly written in the Constitution. There can
and will be no peace, no safety, no prosperity,
until they are fully admitted and respected.
From the beginning I have seen but one road to
peace. I see but one now. It requires no com-
promise, no concession to traitors, no yielding of
any right on either side, no sacrifice of pride, no
humiliation; it is but a simple recognition of, and
a bona fide submission to, the Constitution as our
fathers made it, and as our predecessors have ad-
ministered it. When that is done, there will be
no cause for war. The South, then, to get peace,
must abandon the principle of secession and yield
her accustomed obedience to the Constitution; the
North, to get peace, must conccde to the Stptes
what properly belongs to them; m a word, the
dogmas of the Abbeville school and the Chicago
philosophers must be given up to get peace. There
can be no peace until this is done. Mr. Chair-
man, it must be done, or constitutional govern-
ment will be overthrown. We cannot dissolve
and establish and maintain two empires on this
continent in peace, if we were all to agree to
dissolve, we could not negotiate a line of separa-
tion. Where would we draw it? On Mason and
Dixon's line? The North could not yield the
capital without yielding the prestige of nation-
ality. On the line of the Potomac ? The heights
of Arlington command the capital. On the line of
James river? Virginia will yield all rather than
a part. On the line of the cotton Sta*:*«? The
Mississippi, the great outlet tff the Northwest,
will nevei be yielded. Separation is impossible.
The Union will exist; it is a necessity. It was
not made by the Constitution, and is not dependent
on constitutions fonts continuance. ltexists,and
will exist, m spite of them. It is the work of the
Almighty. All this great country, from the great
lakes to the Gulf, from the Atlantic to the Rocky
mountains, is for one family, and a more magnifi-
cent home was never provided for man. Unity
is written all over its whole suiface. It is en-
throned upon its hills; it courses in its streams;
it grows upon its piams; it is essential to its va-
ried wants; it is sealed by common dangers. It
cannot be permanently dissolved. It is easier to
preserve than to destroy it. The hands of mad -
men may rudely tear it asunder, but necessity will
immediately reunite the fragments. We musthvc
together; we may dispute and contend; but in war
as in peace, we are bound together. There is no
divorce; one fate, one fortune, are our common
lot. The only question is, whether we will live
under our pieseut form of Government or under
one not of our own choosing. We can live under
the present Government only by yielding implicit
obedience to what it grants to others, as well as
what u reserves to itself. When that is done, there
will be war no longer. Mr. Chairman, we may
pursue strange fancies, but we do it at the hazard
of constitutional liberty. The sections may keep
up a fruitless struggle until the country is ex-
hausted; but we will then he no nearer a separa-
tion than at the beginning. We must live together
still, but we shall have exchanged the Constitu-
tion for the edicts of a master, and the glory of
the great Republic will have gone down in the
night of despotism! A million of armed men are
in the field.' Do they inspire no awe? Does their
presence teach no lesson? When we have de-
stroyed the Constitution, what shall prevent them
from seizing the capital? Is criminal ambition an
extinct passionJ
We are in a most perilous crisis; hut I have yet
confidence in the American people. They are. an
order-loving people. The scones of the French
Revolution can never be reenacted here. Anarchy
can never become an American system. The peo-
ple are equal to their own government; they will
vindicate themselves. In due time they will rise
up and expel from power the enemies of the Con-
stitution, who have misled and betrayed them.
Already do we hear from the other side of the river
that all below the rank of captain are sick of the
war, and want to return to their duty; and they
will not be long in finding out the way. On this
side we know the cry everywhere is, 14 the Con-
stitution and peace." Sooner or later they are
sure to come; they are coming. Already the sky
of the North and the West is radiant with light;
before another year shall have run its cycle, the
whole firmament will glow with the effulgence of
the pel feet day. Friends of the Constitution, be
of good cheer. The Republic yet lives ! Be not
despondent! Stand firm m the breach, and defend
your institutions against all who come, to assail.
Meet your enemies with the weapons of their own
selection; those who come with the swoid, with
the sword let them be smitten; those who come
appealing to public opinion, meet before that bar,
hold up the covenant of the faith, and shame then-
apostasy. This is our duty. Difficulties beset our
path, but duty is not measured by difficulty. Plan-
ishing all feelings of mere passion or resentment,
of oppression, conquest, or subjugation, let us rec-
ollect only our duty to our whole country, and,
moved by a sublime patriotism, let our purpose
be to defend and maintain the Constitution, and
to preserve the Union, with nil the dignity,equal-
ity, and rights of the several States unimpaired,
and the blessing of God will lead us safe through
the peril and the storm.
Mr. WALKER, obtained the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Unless the gentleman desires
to proceed this afternoon, or some other gentle-
man desires to go on, 1 will move that the com-
mittee r^e.
Mr. KELLEY. I propose to go on, this after-
noon, if the gentleman from Massachusetts will
yield to me.
Mr. WALKER. I yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
The CHAIRMAN". By so doing, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts loses his right to the
iloor.
EMANCIPATION PROCLAMATION.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I cannot an-
nounce to the Mouse, as the eloquent gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Crisfilld.] who has
just concluded, did, when he began his remarks,
that what I am about to say is well considered
and carefully prepared, for 1 came to the House
this morning with no thought of occupying any
portion of its time and attention. But it seems to
me that before the week closes some lejoinder
should be made to the various suggestions in fa-
vor of peace mid compromise, and of hostility to
the acts and policy of the President of the United
States, that we have been hearing from day to
day. And, unprepared as I am, I propose to re-
ply to a few of these suggestions. I can promise
that my words shall be honest, frank, and earnest,
though my argument may lack arrangement.
Peimit me to say, sir, that I am in favor of pcace.
I was for peace when 1 fust raised my voice m
this House. 1 was then, as I am now, for early
and enduring peace; for peace on terms honor-
able to the people of the country, and which shall
not dishonor the memory of the wise and patri-
otic men who established the independence and
unity of our country, and ordained its beneficent
institutions.
I am, sir, for peace so secured that it shall pre-
vail forever over that broad territory which, at the
I last presidential election, was covered by thirty-
j four State constitutions, and that which, as terri-
< tory, belongs to the United States, but which will
! comeunder the jurisdiction ofStates whose people
I shall know no sovereignty save that which resides
; in the Constitution as'itcame to us from the fathers.
I How, sir, can such a pcace be attained ? Itcanonly
| be done by remembering, firstand always, that the
I supreme law of the land is the Constitution of the
i United States; and that we, as? members of this
House, ai-e sworn to support that Constitution; and
that the President of th« United States is sworn to
preserve, protect, and defend it. My theory is, sir,
that rights and duties are things reciprocal. So
long as the people of a State obey the behests of
theConstitution,and live in accordance with them,
they are entitled to theenjoymentof all constitu-
tional rights. So long as they array themselves
against them only in such force that the marshal
and his posse may suppress their violent demon-
strations, they are entitled to all those rights, save
as the penal code properly applied may abridge
them. But when, as has been the ease in the so-
called seceding States, they assemble in organic
conventions and throw off all duty to the Gov-
ernment; when they abjure loyalty and duty, and
claim to have established on our soil an independ-
ent and foreign government; when they attempt,
in the name and by the agency of such alleged
foreign government, to create a navy, and Jo as-
semble armies to contend wiih the power of the
Government,and thereby banish our customs and
postal system, and close our courts, they lose their
title to constitutional rights, and it becomes the
duty of the Government, by whatever force itmay
require, to regain possession and control of the
territory occupied by them, and to rule the peo-
ple occupying u with such hostile purposes, irre-
spective of State lines or State names or State
institutions or State constitutions. It must main-
tain the unity of the country; and if the inhabit-
ants will disregaid all their duties, it must govern
them under the power of the Constitution that
makes the President Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy of the United States, and that
requires him, if so it must be, by military force
to maintain the supremacy of the Government
over every acre of our territory. When supreme
jurisdiction shall be thus established, we may say
to whomsoever may occupy the country, oi par-
ticular portions of it, c< adopt your State constitu-
tion, whether the one that formerly prevailed or
another; open your courts, and let the courts of the
United States be opened; let our customs system
and our postal system be enforced; avow youral-
legiance to our Constitution and Government, and
as you shall perform the duties, enjoy, also, the
rights of American citizcns."
"Gentlemen on the other side seem to forget that
sworn duty, as well as patriotism and the future
welfare and pcace of the country, demand the
maintenance of the unity of our territory, and of
the supremacy of the power of the United Sfat^s
over it in its entirety. These are things thai must
be maintained, if we would avoid standing armies
and unceasing war. Where all duties under the
Constitution are rejected,no rights can be chimed,
and the Government must be maintained by force.
That is my position, and it is, I believe, the posi-
tion of the loyal people of the country. When!
say loyal, I mean it; as I know no conditions that
may accorppany its expression. That loyalty
which is conditional stretches forth a fnendiy
hand to treason. [Suppressed applause nt the
gallery.] Indeed, conditional loyalty is partial
treason. The President's emancipation procla-
mation has been the subject of invective and de-
nunciation this morning, and it has been sa.d tfcat
no man in the country, save the Piesident of the
UmtedStates, believes that it will promote peace.
Sir, has territory ceased to be territory? Do fig-
ures still indicate numbers and power? Has tho
lesser come, by some new influence, to compre-
hend the greater? For, if it be not so, tho en-
forcement of thatproclamation will promote peace
by aiding in the establishment of the supremacy
of the Government. Has not the question as to
whether four millions of stalwart people shall
labor for us or for those with whom we'are at war,
some importance, and a direct bearing on the is-
sue? Will its solution, if it transfer them from
one side to the other, have no influence upon the
power of the rebellion ? I believe, with the Pres-
ident, that it will. There are four millions of
brawny right arms,mostly dark-colored, but many
of them, through the fell influence of the hell-born
institution of slavery, fair as our own; there j^re
four millions of people reluctantly giving their
daily toil to support of this rebellion; and on the
1st of January next it is proposed by the President
I to invite them, as wisdom would have done more
J than a yeai ago, to withhold their labors from that
| causc and bestow them, as they desire to, upon the
I cause of patriotism, freedom, and peace, under th$
