THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES. WASHING-TON, D. C.
THIRTY-SEVENTH CONGRESS, 3D SESBIOK.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1863.
New Series.....^©^69^,^ -
Mr. WADSWORTII. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion. *
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania propose to insist on his demand for
the previous question ?
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have stated to one gentle-
man across the way—the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Allen]—who came to my seat and said that
he wanted to make a speech, that he could have
my hour, so far as I was concerned, after the main
question was ordered.
Mr, VOORHEES. Then it is the understand-
ing that the gentleman from Illinois is to have an
hour in the morning.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir. I propose that we
shall now consider the main question ordered. I
do not propose to make any speech myself. There
" will be no objection to the gentleman from Illinois
going on in the morning.
Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois. I want to say a
word.
Mr. HOLMAN. I want to make a request of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Kellogg,
af Illinois, in the chair.) There is too much con-
fusion in the Hall.
Mr. WlCKLIFFE. Let me make a request of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
is not in order.
Mr. WlCKLIFFE. I only want to say a
word.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
is out of order, and must take his seat.
Mr. WlCKLIFFE. I will take my seat when
I am ready.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The order of the
Hoiifec must be respected. Where is theSergeant-
at-Arms?
Mr, WADSWORTH. Half of the members
of the House are out of their seats and standing
up. Why does not the Chair call them to order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair does
not want to be discourteous, but order must be
preserved in the Hall. The Chair will hear the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. WlCKLIFFE. lam not aware that I have
done anything subjecting me to arrest by the Ser-
geant-at-Arms. Whatl wanted to do was this: I
ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania to allow me
ten minutes in the morning.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. I also ask to have twenty
minutes in the morning on this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I agree to that also; but I
hope that there are no more.
The SPEAKER. Is that the understanding'of
the House?
There was no objection.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I ask now that
my motion be put to the House.
The motion was agreed to; and then (at half
past eleven o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 19, 1863.
Prayer by Rev. R. McMcrdy, D. D., of Ken-
tucky.
The Journal of yesterday was readandapproved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a. rcpoitof the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 9th instant, information in
relation to the amount of Governmentcotton sold
in New York since the blockade of the southern
ports; which was, on motion of Mr. Wade, or-
deied to lie on the table, and bo printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report, of the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in answer to a lesolution of the Senate of
the (mi instant, the report and maps of Captain
John Mullan, United States Army, of his opera-
tions wlnle engaged in the construction of a mil-
itary road fiom Fort Walla-Walla, on the Colum-
09
bia river, to Fort Benton, on the Missouri river;
which, on motion of Mr. Latham, was ordered
to he on the table, and be printed.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. KING presented the credentials of Hon,
Edwin D. M organ, elected a Senator by the Legis-
lature of the State of New York for the term of six
years, commencing on the 4th day of March, 1863,
which were read,and ordered to be placed on the
files of the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a memorial of brewers
of the United States, praying for a modification of
the act to provide internal revenue in relation to the
tax on beer, and to be relieved from the oppressive
operation of that act, as interpreted by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented
the petition of John B. Clagettand others, praying
that the military governor of the District of Co-
lumbia may be authorized to employ the freedmen
to cut and cord the wood recently felled on their
land by the military forces of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts, presented a
petition of Josiah Quincy,George B. Upton,and
others, of Boston, praying for the establishment
of a camp-hospital and ambulance corps, for the
proper care of sick and wounded soldiers; which
was refened to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Mihfia.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the establish-
ment of a military road from Fort Leavenworth
to Fort Scott, in that State; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of cit-
izens of New York, and a petition of citizens of
Massachusetts, praying for the establishment of
a camp-hospital and ambulance corps, for tho
proper care of sick and wounded soldiers; which
were refetred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
COURTS OX'1 TUB DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. COLLAMER. I present the remonstrance
of members of tlie bar of the District of Columbia
protesting against the change of their courts as
has been proposed m a bill now undor considera-
tion in the Senate. This remonstrance is signed
by fifty members of the bar of the District, com-
prising a very large majority of that bar. They
say there is no occasion, or call, or public neces-
sity for any such change as is proposed. I move
that the memorial he on the table, so that it may
b^ealled up whenever that subjectigaguiu brought
before the Senate.
Nil. POWELL. I move that that memorial be
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the question
on the motion to print, and declared that the ayes
appeared to have it,
Mr. GRIMES. I must ask for a division.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is the objection to
printing the memorial? The Senator has had me-
morials printed heretofore,
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; and I never asked to
have one piinted.
Mr. COLLAMER. I know it is very often
done, arid is never objected to.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no recollection of any
one. having been printed since I have been here,
except a memorial of the Chnmber of Commeice
of the city of' New Yotk, which slipped through
without any opposition, and without being no-
ticed.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state to the honorable
Senator that I have had no less than three printed
myself during this K'-s^ion aheady.
Mi. CO WAX. I have had one printed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suppose there have been
at least twelve <**dered to be printed during the
session.
Mr. GRIMES. Itis contrary, so far as -
to the uniform practice of the Senate. If.twelysv
have been printed during the session, not one <*f
them has ever fallen under my notice.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no doubt there
have been twenty.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. This is a
case in which I think we had better have the facts?!
and I hope the Senator from Iowa will withdraw
his call for a division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. Does the Sen-
ator insist on a division ? •
Mr. GRIMES. I withdrawit;butl give notice
that hereafter I shall feel myself at liberty to ask
for the printing of memorials as well as anything
else. *
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of George D. C. Ribbs, on. the
files of tlie Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. KENNEDY, from the Committee on
Navnl Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 539) concerning the rank of medical officers
in the Navy of the United States, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. ARNOLD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 541)
to amend an act entitled "An act to establish ana
equalize the grades of line officers of the United
States Navy," approved July 16, 1862, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom the subject was referred, report-
ed a bill (S. No. 545) to amend an act entitled
'•An act to further promote the efficiency of the
Navy," approved December 21, 1861, and for
other purposes; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition ofMar-
garotL. Stevens, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 54G) for the relief of Margaret
L. Stevens, widow of Brigadier General Isaac I.
Stevens. The bill was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was re ft-1 red the bill (II. R. No. 726) granting a
pension to Fiances H. Plummrr, widow of the
late Brigadier Geneial Joseph B. Plummcr, of the
United States Army, submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R.No. 566) for
the relief of Dr. William Trevitt, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions; which was agreed to.
GENERAL SCOTT'S LETTER.
Mr. WILMOT submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to furnish to the Senate, if not incompatible with
the public inttMot, a copy of the Inter <>f Lieutenant Gen-
eral Scott to the Secretary of War, of the 4ih of October,
1861.
SIGNAL CORPS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. 1 ask the Senate to
postpone all prior orders for the purpose of taking
up the bill to organize the signal corps of the
Army. A similar bill has twice passed the House
of Representatives. It is a matter of more import-
ance than anything before the Senate, and u wiil
not take pet haps five minutes to consider it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
509) to provide for the organization of a signal
corps to serve daring the present war was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides that the signal corps of
the Army shall, during the piesent rebellion, be
organized as follows: there shall be one chief sig-
nal officer, « colonel, who shall be signal officer
