i m
THE €ON&RESSfONxlL GLOBE.
December 19,
starry flag of our country. Who will tell me that
the transfer of the labor of these people will have
no influence in suppressing the rebellion ?
But, asked the eloquent gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Yeaman]—whose elaborately pre-
pared speech, I regret to say, contained, if I heard
him aright, a sneer at those who read written ar-
guments—who ever heard of a belligerent party
taking property on land ? Let me ask him a ques-
tion, to be answered in some of hisfuture speeches,
who ever heard of a belligerent prohibiting the
people of the opposing Power from rail yi ng to his
standard? He speaks of property, and I speak
of men. It is a great tiling, sir, to be a man.
Mr. YEAMAN. The gentleman will allow me
to interrupt him.
Mr. KELLEY. I did notinvitean immediate
answer. As the gentleman guarded himself yes-
terday against interruption, so did I to-day pro-
pound a question to be answered in the future.
Mr. YEAMAN. Allow me one moment. I
answer the gentleman bysayingthatl havecastno
sneer upon anybody for reading written speeches.
I answer him, also, by saying that slaves, so far
from being persons in the eye of the laws of na-
tions, as he treats them, while they are actually
persons, are, by that Constitution which he has
sworn to support, the private property of private
individuals, and that neither under the Constitu-
tion, nor under the laws of nations, can you take
private property on land as an act of war.
Mr. KELLEY. I take issue with the gentle-
man there, and if ho will say that they are not des-
ignated in the Constitution as "persons," or point
me to the clause in which they are designated as
property, I will yield the point. The Constituton
that I have sworn to support tells me that they
—yes, the mothers, the fathers, and the children
all—are "persons held to service." They are
persons so held by virtue of that Constitution
which has been spurned and trampled and spit
upon, and yet he asks that those who have heaped
theseindignittesupon thatsacred instrument shall
enjoy to the last iota the rights of loyal men un-
der it. Did sane man ever utter so preposterous
a proposition before? It is the service of these
people we need. The proclamation invites them
to our standard. He characterizes them as prop-
erty. I say, with the Constitution, that they are
persons, and as such will welcome them to our
support. Their advent to freedom will exclude
the necessity of the further draft or conscription
of our sons and brothers.
Sir, I was remarking that it is a great thing to
be a man,in contrast with horses, cows, and other
cattle with which those poor people are habitually
classified, and to which they have been assimi-
lated by brutalizing laws. Man chains the light-
ning, makes the sun his servant, whitens? the
ocean with sails—his messengers to the poles in
quest of knowledge—burdens its great waves with
the commodities which his genius and toil have
produced and which he is exchanging for others,
CrisfiEld] to-day, and you will find that the in-
vading force not only has always welcomed ac-
quisitions from the ranks of the enemy, but that,
in the good old days of chivalry, a herald invaria-
bly proceeded to the gates of a besieged town and
offered immunity and protection to all who would
join the invading Power. This chivalric example
the President's proclamation pledges him to fol-
low on the coming in of the glad new year. Let
us hail the auspicious day !
I come back to the question with which I started:
will the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Cris-
field,] will the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Yeaman,] will the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson,] who so delights to dance the negro
before us in all his various attitudes; will any one
of these gentlemen, or of their learned coadjutors,
say that it is not the duty of the President to main-
tain the unity of the country and the supremacy
of the Constitution over all our territory? And
, if they will not say that, is there one of them who
i will say that he was wrong in thus inviting four
! millions of the people of the country to abandon
i rebellion and rally to the standard of loyalty,
; peace, and the Constitution ? No one of them, I
i apprehend, will say so. Than this, in my judg-
j ment, mere sympathy with the rebellion could no
\ further go. Gentlemen deny that slavery was the
I cause of this war. Let me ask them which one
! of the non-slaveholding States, from the first, has
i proposed to participate in it, and which one of
the slaveholding States has been free from a de-
| sire to participate in it, or from overt acts of re-
' hellion? Why is it that prevailing loyalty and
treason find their boundaries just here,if slavery be
not the controlling influence? I give praise to the
! border States for all they have done on the side
i of the country; but I remember that the first of
the troops from my State to find service found it
: in the lower part of little Delaware; I remember
that Marylanders were the first to shed the blood
of New England in this unholy war; I remem-
ber that it is but recently, if indeed the question
be at all settled, that Kentucky has been able to
say with assurance that she has given more sol-
diers to the Union than to the rebel army. All
honor and glory to the men of EastTennessee 
Mr. WADS WORTH. Will the gentleman
permit me to correct him?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. WADSWORTH. The gentleman has
fallen intoa very common mistake upon this ques-
tion of the number of troops furnished by the
people of Kentucky to the cause of the Union and
of the rebellion.
Mr.KELLEY. Well, I will waive that question.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I suppose there have
never been seven thousand men from the State of
Kentucky in the rebellion. Very early in the fall
of 1861, we had thirty-two regiments in the Union
Army; and I understand from our adjutantgen-
erai that we now have forty-three thousand men
from the State of Kentucky in the Union Army.
the products of distant lands, more valuable to jj I can say, in addition, that from twenty-five to
V. i m +1, r. n n v, /I i i« I ! ri /k t ci Kit (.till t ll 1 I'f 1 I i 11 f ,1/I £ K l^* Tf hmfA
him.v From the conflicting elements, fire and
water, he generates a vapory power that almost
annihilates space, and practically removes mount-
ains and levels valleys; and at the close of a life
of usefulness, upon the sick-bed, he remembers
and reviews the past, cheers, counsels,and blesses
those about him, and, looking to heaven, feels
that with God he is to iive forever. The gentle-
man looks upon these millions of persons as prop-
erty; so do bad institutions pervert gentle and
generous natures. I say, sir, they are capable of
all that ennobles man, and all that endears woman
to man, and all that opens to either the great here-
after and its blessed hopes. It is of these women,
these children, these men, I speak, and I say that
lie can point to no case, in which a belligerent has
refused the aid of such as these when engaged in
a war such as that which now engrosses and ex-
hausts the energies of this country. Sir, the only
thing about the President's proclamation that
struck me as amiss was, that it was not, like the
lightning,to take instant effect, and that its benefi-
cent result should be postponed to so distant a
day. Are these people, or the relation in which
they stand to those who hold them to service,
like cotton, leather, railroad depots, bad whisky,
and othersupposed analogous things suggested hy
the gentleman from Kentucky, yesterday ? No,
no. Trace back the laws of war so elaborately
described by the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
thirty thousand inhabitants of Kentucky have
borne arms this summer and fall, without pay or
compensation, in defense of their homes it is tru6,
but also in defense of the honor of the Union.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 had supposed that the ques-
tion had been recently settled in favor of Ken-
tucky's prevailing loyalty. It was, however,
very debatable ground when we last assembled
in this House; and I do not forget the fact that
part of the Kentucky army has been led by a
gentleman who—brief as is my legislative expe-
rience—was an active inembei on this floor when
I came hete in July of last year. Nor do®! for-
get that General Breckinridge and his forces have
been sometimes repulsed by our arms.
Mr. WADSWORTH. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will allow me 
Mr. KELLEY. I am simply arguing the point
that every slave State hasshosvn large sympathies
with the rebellion, while no free State has gone
into it, although many persons m the free States
have manifested extreme sympathies with it.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I simply want to cor-
rect an error of fact.
Mr. KELLEY. I am not in error in remem-
bering that General Breckinridge, the late Demo-
cratic Vice President, came from Kentucky, nor
do 1 forget that Mr. Burnett, of this House, was
a member from Kentucky. I am not mistaken in
either of those facts. Burnett is in the senate
now, I believe, instead of in the field; but he was
in the field as a soldier, and was transferred from
that to the senate, to return to the field when the
conclave of traitors adjourns.
But, as I was saying, Mr. Chairman, 1 give all
honor to the men of East Tennessee. The heroic
devotion to the Constitution they have exhibited,
and the barbarous cruelties they have endured,
make a chapter which the people even of the south-
ern States will, long years hence, dwell on, per-
haps, with mingled pride and pain, but with more
interest than on any other in American history.
We know how terribly that State has been rav-
aged by the prevalence of the rebellion within its
limits. And Missouri, which has elected not only
unconditional loyalists, but unconditional eman-
cipationists to this House, has also been the bloody
battle-field in which Missourians have been en-
gaged in either army. If it be not true, sir, that
slavery is the root of this rebellion, I ask some
inspired man to indicate its moving cause, for
human wisdom cannot detect it elsewhere.
Now, can it be possible, Mr. Chairman, that the
only right so secured on earth that men cannot
abjure it, nor Government divest them of it even
to save itself in death struggle, is the right of hold-
ing fellow-beings in bondage? The proposition
that wc have not the right to invite these people
to freedom and our standard involves just this
theory—that the rebels cannot by the most fla-
grant treason divest themselves of the right to hold
these people in bondage; that the people cannot
acquire freedom for themselves, and that no power
in the Constitution, or in the war power, or de-
ducible from history or philosophy, can relieve
them from the duty of assisting the enemies of the
country to destroy its life. Letthe arguments bo
expressed as they may, with all the eloquence
and elegance with which care and time and elabo-
ration have clothed them in the mouths of the gen-
tlemen from Kentucky and Maryland [Messrs.
Yeaman and Crisfield] they come to this. And
until they can demonstrate this extraordinary
proposition, they cannot impair the force of the
President's proclamation, in accordance, as it is,
with all law and all history, with the best im-
pulses of humanity and the spirit of our charier
of freedom, and with the growing tendency of our
age. The gentleman from Maryland asks, " will
this bring peace? Will the South ever consent to
come in under such an arrangement?" Sir, I do
not propose to, nor ought the Government to ask
the South on what terms it will come in. What the
Government ought to do, and what I trust it will
do, is to go straightforward and establish its power
by crushing out all armed resistance, and when
that is done let it govern the region as a Territory,
if the people will not establish their own govern-
ment. In this condition let the contumacious
remain, but whenever they will establish govern-
ments for themselves, adopt State constitutions,
open the courts, elect Legislatures, and by them
and the people electSenatoismid membersof Con-
gress, receive them again as States into the Union,
under such designations as they may choose,
whether novel or familiar. By this means the
forms and vital principles of our Government will
be preserved and peace and constitutional free-
dom be secured to the people of distant ages.
Whenever this Government puts forth its power
to the end that it is bound to assert, there will be no
question as to whether we mean to violate the Con-
stitution, or whether the people of the South will
accept the constitutional terms we offer them.
" But," said the gentleman this morning,will
the bolder States toleiate itTo be sure they will.
True, many of their citizens may dislike to sec the
southern market closed against their human cattle;
I but the rebellion has gone so far that, with the
| 1st of January, slavery dies south of the border
j State line; and when there is no market for men,
! women, and children south of Virginia and Ken-
; tucky, slavery will have small value in any of the
j border States. I think I see the hand of God m
j these movements. The events of the time arc de-
j plorable, indeed; but I know that His pi ovidences
i are inscrutable, and that He can make the folly
j and wifcith of man to praise Him. 1 had long seen
i that if the Democratic party could continue the
| misrule which it had enforced on the people for
years, and especially its aggressions upon the
rights of the laborers of the country, a war would
come which would be at the door of every man's
home. Let us look at it. " A house divided
