1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
against itself cannot stand,*' quoted my friend
from Maryland with grave deprecation. Did not
the leaders of the South divide our house? Let
us look at it. Go where you will, Mr. Chairman,
in our northern States, you find the Constitution
of the United States taught in our elementary
schools, and its democratic spirit everywhere in-
culcated. You find our youth growing up at the
foot of the hustings; and the great doctrine taught
to every child is, " you are as good as any other
child. When you come to manhood you are to
be the equal, before the State, of every other man.
You must watch, guard, and maintain all your
rights." Thus is the democratic sentiment stim-
ulated in every school, from every lecture stand,
at every political gathering; and the political sen-
timent of the whole-North is that of individualism
and equality. And once in seven days comes the
Sabbath; and from hillside and valley, from the
lanes and alleys, as well as from the broad streets
of the city, the chiidren gather in the church and
Sunday school. There they learn that Christi-
anity enforces while it refines and exalts the doc-
trines inculcated in the secular school; thus the
religious sentiment adds its greater power to the
political. " These poor are as good as yon," says
the teacher. " Those blind and lame and halt are
the children of your Father; and inasmuch as you
do kindness unto them, you perform your duty
to Him." Thus the political and religious senti-
ments blend; and theirs is an evergrowing power.
Of this we have ample evidence all over the North
in the elaborate comforts of our eleemosynary
institutions, and the care that is taken of our
prisoners. 1 had the honor, a few days ago, to re-
ceive a number of volumes from our Philadelphia
Prison Discipline Society for the Congressional
Library, The deaf, the dumb, the blind, the in-
sane, are eared for. Homes are established for
friendless children, where the waifs of society, the
offspring of the destitute and the fallen, the pau-
per and the felon, are cared for, and reared in these
teachings of democracy and Christianity. Thus
the sentiment spreads and deepens and grows.
We have one institution in the North, the out-
growth of the perpetual contest between labor and
capital, that, could the South have earned its dom-
ination a little further, would have made war and
bloodshed over the whole country. It consists
of hardy working men and is known as the trades
union. We at the North live by wages. Our
men are familiar with toil; our women do not
shrink from it. We recognize the maxim, as
true to-day as the day when it was first written
in homely English;
a Man labors fiom sun to «mn,
l?ut woman's work i-> never (lone.,>
We all labor, and wages is the foundation of the
welfare and abundance of our people. The idea
that induced this lebellion and the supremacy of
which could alone have averted it, was that sla-
very should be not only extended into the new
Territories of the country, but be domesticated in
all the States. It was first to be introduced into
the Stotes by gentlemen in h^ansitu with their col-
onies. The roll of Mr. Toombs's slaves was to
be called at the foot of Bunker Hill. We were
told in social inteicoin.se in Philadelphia by Mr.
Yancey, that he would yet visit Independence
Hall with his slaves. The reestablishment of the
right to hold slaves all over the country was the
purpose of the leaders of our " waywaiu sisters."
Nothing less would satisfy them. Sir, had that
thing been accomplished, the trade unions of the
North would either have throttled the slavehold-
ers, or, under the influence of the prejudices of
caste and color, throttled the unhappy slaves, per-
haps both. Here let me notice the remark of the
gentleman from Maryland, that he does not agree
with either of the two factions. Of what factions
does he speak? The governments of the Union
and the 'confederacy ? Sir, it is the first time I ever
heard the Government of the United States de-
nounced as a faction in the Hails ofCongiess.
Nor are they who are devoting ail their energies
to the support of the President and the Constitu-
tion to be denounced as a faction. I look m vain
through this House for two factions.
I see that the Government, with a million of men,
defending itself and attempting to enforce its laws
over its own dominion, has been resisted by a body
of armed rebels, and that those who sympathize
with them, in a greater or less degree, are attempt-
ing to embarrass it; but other faction I have not
been able to discover. There were two factions
before the war broke out. Anterior to that event
there was a bodyof men in the North who,under
Christian impulses, believing it to be a duty to
labor for the oppressed, and believing it to be a
crime to hold men and women in bondage, were
willing to violate all civic restraints in order to
give freedom, culture, and hope to the slave. The
abolitionists may have been entitled to that epi-
thet. And there were southern men, on the other
hand, determined, as I have indicated, to carry
their institutions all over the North; to make shi-
very national by perverting the Constitution.
There were then two factions: devotion to right
and justice, perhaps not restrained by a proper
prudence on the One hand; and love of lucre, power,
and lust, that blotted out all sympathy with hu-
manity, on the other, characterized the leaders of
these factions.
Had the southern faction been permitted to domi-
nate until the roll of southern slaves had been called
in every county in every northern State, there
would have broken out a war—a war coextensive
with the country, and bloody—at every hearth-
stone; a war which might have been of races, or in
which those who claimed their human property
would have suffered with their unhappy and pro-
scribedchattels. ThewhitemenoftheNorth,who,
from their own hard-earned and hoarded wages,
will support their unemployed craftsman rather
than let him work for under wages, would hardly
have permitted men to work beside them for noth-
ing, and throw their babies into the scale with their
unrequited toil. [Laughter.]
Sir, 1 believe this war was inevitable. The in-
sane ambition and mad, craving lust of the South
could be checked alone by the results of war. It
had closed its ears hermetically against the voice
of persuasion or reason. And wherever slavery
existed, that ambition and that lust had root. Sla-
very did cause this war. It was destined to cause
war; and, if not put in process of eradication, will
involve our posterity in war. Is it not fitting,
therefore, that the result of the war shall be the
end of slavery? The President's proclamation
does not propose to touch the institution in the
border States. But, as 1 have said, with the mar-
ket for the annual crop gone, it will be found to
be of no more value in Kentucky than it is now
found to be in Missouri, with its free surround-
ings. And then we will come to what I am pie-
pared to say very few words upon, the compen-
sated emancipation proposition of the President.
The countless millions, the millions of millions
that we have heard from the other side are to be
expended m compensated emancipation, will be
somewhat reduced when we come to remember
that it is only the loyal men of the border States
that we will have to deal with.
Missouri is here, asking for §10,000,000 on
condition that she emancipates her slaves within
a little more than a year. In God's name, let us
give it to her; and if Kentucky and Maryland
make the same claim let us give it to them, and
pay oui full slmie out of the results of our own
hard labor at the North. Let even, by an ad-
dition to our already gi levous burden oftaves, im-
posed by this wni, slavery's own oiTspung. share
the losses of those whose slaves .shall be. exalted
into freemen.
But, say the gentlemen, the proclamation is un-
constitutional and illegal, and therefore void. 1
fear self-interest blinds some of them, it is a pro-
fessional maxim that he has a fool for a client who
takes charge of his own u.ise. Certainly, no dis-
interested lawyer will dispute the validity of the
proclamation of the Commander-in-Chief, inviting-
to our flag people of the lebel States, and promis-
ing them protection and the enjoyment of consti-
tutional rights.
But will the proclamation be enforced ? Yes,!
say that is certain as the coming of the new year.
I ask, then, the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Ye am an',] a nd the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
CmsriDLi),] to pause in the career tin y open by
their speeches of yesterday and to-day. Koth
profess truly, 1 doubt not, to desire peace; both
assure us that they would give utterance to no
words that would add to the discord of the coun-
try. Let them then look the facts in the face.
Gentlemen, do you not see that time and Provi-
dence are conspiring with man to put an end to
the sole source of discord to the country? Do you
not see that it was this institution which created
division even in the Convention that formed our
Constitution? Do you not see that it has been
this institution that, from the early settlement of
the country down to the present time, has pro-
duced more of discord than all other causes com-
bined.
The eloquent gentleman from Kentucky yes-
terday asserted that this rebellion had been ripen-
ing from 1798. I agree with him that that was
one stand-point in its progress. The resolutions
of 1798 marked a new epoch. Bat if he will go fur-
ther back,he will find, in the debates of the Con-
vention which framed the Constitution, abundant
evidence that slavery was and had been a source
of discord, and that it came well nigh preveniing
the establishment of a Union. It has bfcen a source
of discord, and of discord only; never was it a
blessing to any State or people.
1 have no special love for the negro. I am proud
of the race of which, by the blessing of God, 1 am
a member. It is not for the ne^io that I plead.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ujchardson]
the other day said that all our sympathy and all
our action was for the negro, but not one thing
did we propose to do for the white man. Has he
never heard of the creature, man? I speak for
man, the child of God, irrespective of the color
of his skin.
Look at the baneful influence of slavery upon
both white and black. You point me to statistics
from the North to show that poverty and crime
prevail with the negro there in undue proportion.
1 point you back to your laws that made it a felony
to teach him to read and write,by which he might
have drawn moial precepts and power from the
same sources that your white children draw them.
I point backtothcfactthatyou have never allowed
him the stimulus of hope. 1 say that your accursed
institution, and the cruelty and depression in-
separable from it, have not only filled our jailfc
with yonr victims, but has brought poverty to
both races wherever it has existed. Why is it that
Massachusetts, whose soil is so thin that the
rocks peep through nearly every acre, like the
knees and elbows through a beggar's garment—
Massachusetts, which cannot raise wheat enough
perannum to feed herown people forn week,is yet
rich and populous; while Maryland, abounding;
in agricultural and mineral resources, to a degree
that few States can compare with, lags constantly
dragging in the rear?*
Why is it that old Virginia, possessing, as she
did, the finest harbor and leading seaport of the
country at the time of the adoption of the Con-
stitution, with nobler rivers than flow through any
other State; with mineral resources that Califor-
nia herself mightenvy—untold wealth ofiron-and
coal to encourage and stimulate the influx of in-
telligent and enterprising people:—lying nearer to
the West than any other State with line harbors;
with every blessing that God could lavish upon
a territory; why is it, I say, that the Old Do-
minion has sunk down and down, until her own
children turn fiom their proud preeminence, and
sneer at her decrepitude? Why, it was because
you lords of the soil converted man into property,
it was because you banished hope fiom your
laborers; because you did not permit the toiling
mother to love the child she had borne with as-
* I cxtiaet the following from a tetter dated Wilhams-
port, Mainland, November 27, lJi&J, addressed to me by an
otiioei or a Mainland legunent. The widens a native of
that ^tate:
l> While f ain writing you. f cannot refiam fro"i making
a statement oi two with regard to the topoginphy of tins
p.irtot Maryland. Doubtless you have aconeet knowledge
ot it generally, and, perhaps, in detail, but no one can know
and apjncciate Jt without traveling over it and t'uough it.
[ Jiave gone ovei it some in leconnoitenng: hut Hieie are,
ol'eomso, many peculiarities which I have not f-'Miii. its
fertility i? un.-n'ipassed, but its chief charactered c seems
to be itc boundlo'S wafer power. To &ay nothing of the
Patnp-co, Monoeacy, Mnldletown Valley eteek, Antictam,
Coiiocoeheagiie, and mam other large stieams-, you meet,
almost at the end ot every mile, a stieam sufficient to nm
a ganu oi' mills. As I ride ovei litis countiy, th" question
conies up m inv mind, can it be po-sibie that iV>v,denco
ever d 'Mgned thatthe-e mighty waters .should tun to waste,
or that tbe.,e wonderful natural Meihue< should ahv.iy^ be
unavailable ? Aril the answer corner hack—no ! The day
will conic when the bu«> hum of the factory and ihe lueluy
blows of 1 he l'orge-bammet will be heaid aei'Mig these
mountains ; when the exhau>t!ess tie.uinc-\vli«e|i me hid-
den therein shall he luought forih, and when thou .amis and
thousands of glad heart? ami meny voice- <ihn'i shout a
hearty vvclcome to a new era Tins, too, x a eoircet an-
swer. To accept an) thing eNe would be equivalent to an
acknowledgment that God nevr designed intelligence and
Industry to have any part in mundane affairs."
