1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1091
£ the hnvs has continued unimpaired in the eaid Federal
courr . whon>e now, or may bet eaiter be, held as prisoners
oi Uie United b> order 01 authority of the tJ resident
ofi'.c United States oroithei oi said Seermiles. In any
foil, aisen.ii. or othci place, a-- «tato or political prisoners,
or otherwise' than pn^onei* of war; the said IjM to con-
tain the lwiniir- ot all s-ucli who reside m the icspective ju-
lmiictjons oi' said judges, or who may be deemed by the
said riocietai.os, or ruber of them, to hove violated any
law ot' the United States in any of'said jurisdictions, and
aho the dale of each atiest; the Secretary of *tate to fui-
m^h a li,-t oi Mich persons as are imprisoned by the order
m* amhonty ot the 1'ieMdont, acting thiough the State Do-
p.ntnient, and the ^ecietary of War a list of such as are
imprisoned In the order orauthoiitv of the President, acting
thiough the Dopaitiuent of War. And in all ca*e< vvheie
a grand jiu v, having attended any of said courts having ju-
risdiction m liie |)iciui-c.-, at:er the passage of this act and
after the fiu ni-Mn« ol ".ml list, n* nloresaid, has tei minuted
its session without tiiHliis.ii an indictment, or presentment,
or other ^noeee hwj, again*-! ■my Mich person, it t-hall he the
duty ol the judge oi -aid eon it lo.ihwith to malce an older
that any ^ueh pn-onei desuung a discharge ftom said ini-
pr^onnn'iit he biought helore linn to be di>ciiaiged ; and
cverv ollicer of ihe'United States having custody of such
priMjncr i- herehy directed immediately to obey and exe-
cute «,aul jnd^eV otdei; and in case he hhal! delay or refuse
so tod", he -hall be -ubjeet to indictment for a misdemean-
or, and lie pum-hed hy a tine of not less than $."<00 and im-
}>n--oi!iH"ui. in she common jail for a period not io«s than
six mouths, m the di-ciLtion of the couit: Provided, how-
ever, That no person shall he discharged by virtue ot the
pio\ Niotis of this act until utter he or the shall have taken
an oatii of allegiance to the Government of the United
States, and to ^uppoit the Constitution thereof: Andpro-
vided, also, or comt before whom such person
may be luought, helote disehaiginu iiimor her fiom impris-
onment, shall have power, on examination of the case,and
if the public safety  ball require it, shall be required, to
c.tiivc him or hei to enter into recognizance in asum to be
fixed by said judge or court, to keep the peace and be of
good behavior towaids the United States and its citizens,
and uom time to tune, and at such umes as Mich judge or
couit may duect, appear before said judge or court to be
furtucr dealt with, according to law, as the circumstances
may lequire. And u shall be the duty of the district attorney
or the United States to attend said examination before the
judge.
Kcc. 3. -^nd be it further enacted, That in case any of such
prisoners shall be under indictment oi presentment for any
ofVt'u.-e agum&t the laws of the United States, and by ex-
isting law* hail or aiecognizance may be taken for the ap-
peatanee foi trial of such person, it shall be the duty of
haul judge at once to di^chaige such person upon bail or
recognizance foi tual a*- alore aid. And in case the said
Secietaiies of State and War shall tor any reason ret use
or omit to furnish the said h«t ot peisons held as prr-oncrs
a* atoicsaul .it the tune ot the passage of thN aot within
twenty days theieaftei, and of such poisons as thereafter
may be aiio-ted withtn twenty days from the time of the
airest, any citucii m.iy, by a petition.alleging the facts afoie-
said touching any of tin. persons so a? atoresaid imprisoned,
supported hy the oath of such petitioneroi any other cred-
ible person, obtain and be entitled to have the said judge's
ordei to dj.-ehaige such pnsoner on the «.ame twin and
condition* prescribed in the first section of tin* act' Pro-
vided, hou-ci er, That the &aid judge shall be satuslied such
allegation- are tiue.
The PR.ESIDENT pro tempore. This amend-
ment is offered as a substitute for the whole bill.
Before the question can be taken on the substi-
tute, both the original bill and the substitute are
open for amendments by way of perfecting them;
and the Senator from Kentucky moves to amend
the original bill by striking out the third section,
which has been read, and the question is on that
amendment,
Mr. POWELL. If it be in order, I also move
to amend the substitute by striking out the first
section.
The PI!ESIDENT;>ro tempore. The first ques-
tion will be on the motion to strike out the third
section of the original bill.
Mr. POWELL. Very well.
Mr. CARL1LE. I desire, when in order, to
offer tin amendment by way of a substitute to the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois. Will
tlifit be m order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
in Older whVn the question shall have been taken
on the pending amendment.
Mr. CARLlLE. I shall send the proposed
amendment to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky, to strike out the third section of the
original bill.
Mr. POWELL. I believe the yeas and nays
have been ordered on that motion hetetofore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They have
been ordered.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose to enter
into any elaborate discussion upon this subject;
but I merely suggest to the Senate that in my
opinion we cannot delegate the power to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus to the President, i think,
under the Constitution, if it is a legislative power
We must exercise it in person; that we have no
authoisty to delegate it to the President any more
than we have to delegate it to any other officer of
the Government, or any other private citizen.
Mr. HOWE. Is it in order to move a verbal
amendment to that section before the question is
taken on striking it out? I desire to amend it so
as to extend the suspension of the writ •'until
twenty days after the meeting of Congress."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Wisconsin suggests a modification of this
section, before the question is taken on striking
it out.
•Mr. TRUMBULL. It can be amended after-
ward, if it is not stricken out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is in line seven, after the word "until,"™
insert the words " twenty days after;" so that it
will road, " twenty days after the meeting of Con-
gress thereafter."'
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Wisconsin. There is a proposition already
to strike out the original bill and insert a substi-
tute. The Senator from Kentucky moves to strike
out a single section of the otiginal bill. Now, I
submit, as a question of order, whether it is com-
petent to amend a section proposed to be stricken
out when there is a proposition pending to amend
by striking out the whole bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore p There is no
rule better settled than that when an amendment
is offered as a substitute for a whole bill, before
the question is taken on the substitution, both the
original bill and the substitute are open to amend-
ment, by way of perfecting each of them.
Mr. POWELL. 1 suggest to the Senator from
"ilinois that my motion to strike out the third sec-
tion was made before the substitute was offered.
That, however, I suppose, would make no differ-
ence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there can be no
difficulty about it, because the Senator from Wis-
consin, if the section is not stricken out, can still
offer his amendment. If it is stricken out, it will
ceitainly be quite as likely to be stricken out with
his amendment m as with it out; it only extends
the time. The san\e persons who would vote to
strike it out now, would certainly vote to strike
it out if it had twenty days in.
Mr. HOWE. If there is any difficulty about
its being in order now, of course I withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
difficulty on the question of older; it is only a
question of expediency. Does the Senator with-
draw his amendment?
Mr. IIOWE. If the Senator from Illinois pre-
fers that I should withdraw it, I will.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think you will get at it
quicker by withdrawing it.
Mr. HOWE. 1 withdraw it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, on
the motion of Mr. Powell, resulted—yeas 13,
nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Mepsr<. Bayard, Cailile, Cowan, Kennedy, La-
tham, Nesmith, Powell, Rice, Riohaidson, Saulsbury, Tur-
pie, Willey, and Wilson of Missouri—13
NAY^—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold. Chandler, Clark,
Davi-, Dixon. Doolittle, Fe^euden, Foot, Grimes, Harris,
Henderson, Hick*, Howard, Howe, Kmc, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kan«a*., Mori ill, Pomewoy, Sheiman. Sumner.Ten
Evck, Trumbull, Wilkinson, \Viimot,aud WiUon of Ma-
sachusetts—27.
So the Senate refused to strike out the ♦hird
section of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
,, from Virginia [Mr. Carlile] moves to amend
! the substitute offered by the Senator fiom Illinois,
by striking out all after the word "that," and
inserting what will now be icad:
The Secretary read the proposed amendment,
as follows:
From and atVr the parage of the- act. and during the
present lebelhou. it shall not bo lawful for any ofticcr or
t-eivanf ot the I. nifd States to aire*tor detain any citizen
; ot the United Si<it«^ who may be t-upposed or alleged to be
■ (hslojol tlierfto, oi for any othu eau-e. except upon oath
1 or affirmation of some ppwm or per-on* well know n to be
! Jojal to the United State-, and pari.cul.nly doenbmg in
j ^ud oath or atliimatioii tin- act of disloyalty or other cause
! for which the sau! citizen -houid be ari ested and detained.
I ,/lnd he it. fnrlhei emu ted. That any and every othcer or
1 sh vant of the United StaK- who shrill arrest ot detain any
I citizen of the United State* in contravention ot tin* provis-
ion* of the first section of this act, sdull, on conviction
thereof in any court having jurisdiction in the case, suffer
a fine of not le&8 than $10,001), or imprisonment in the pen-
itentiary for a term not less than five year*.
Jind he it further enacted, That all persons arrested under
the provision's of this act upon the charge of disloyalty to
the Government of the United States, or for any other cause,
shall have the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus; and
the said writ shall not be suspended at any" time, so far as
the same may relate to persons arrested as afore&aW.
^nd he it further enacted, That nothing in this act f&&U
be so construed as to prevent the arrest ot any person, u cit-
izen of any or either of the States now in rebel Iron against
the Government of the United States, who may be charged
with treason or disloyalty thereto: Provided,- That all ar-
rests of such pers.ous bhallbe made a & ptovide<iin the fimt
section of this act, or upon the precept of the Presidetitof
the United States.
Mr. CARLILE. I did not expect that this bill
would be called up this morning, and therefore !
am not prepared to submit to the Senate any ex-
tended remarks upon the .general questions in-
volved in the bill and the amendments. Bat it
strikes me that it cannot be necessary in the pros-
ecution of a war for the maintenance of the Gov-
ernment to so shape our legislation as to take
from the loyal people of the United States, inhab-
iting the loyal States of the Union, the security
which the Government has heretofore afforded
them m personal liberty and the right to private
property.
It has been well remarked,as I had occasion to
repeat in this body a few days ago, that the Gov-
ernment which permits, without due process of
law, the humblest citizen within its limits to be
deprived of his liberty, is a tyranny, call it by
whatever name you please. The amendment
which I have offered as a substituc for the one
proposed by the Senator from Illinois, now be-
fore the Senate, provides in its third section that
it shall not apply to the citizens of any of the dis-
loyal or seceded States. Within their limits it is
to be presumed that the courts of the United States
are closed and that the judicial authorities are
inimical and hostile to the Government of the Uni-
ted States; therefore the amendment expressly ex-
cepts from its provisions citizens of those States,
and is only intended to guard and protect the citi-
zens of the loyal States from arbitrary and unlaw-
ful arrest, and it is nothing more nor less than
asserting for the people of the loyal States of the
Union the right which they lmve secured to them-
selves in the Constitution and the Government
under which they have lived. It limits the power
of arrest to such judicial process as has hereto-
fore been considered always essential to the dep*
rivation of the liberty of a single citizen.
Mr. President, what was the most objectionable
feature, as alleged by its opponents, of the fugi-
tive slave law ? Was it not that you arrested in
a summary way and deprived of trial the fugitive
slave? Has not greater opposition been gotten
up to that law because of these objections urged
against it than for any other reason which has
been assigned against a compliance on the part of
the citizen in thenon-slaveholdingStates with his
constitutional obligations? Andean it be that the
Congress of the United States will deprive the
loyal white citizen of those rights and those con-
stitutional securities which the members of this
Congress, or at least the controlling -majority of
it, has contended should be afforded to the fugi-
tive slave, when claimed by virtue and authority
of a constitutional law by his owner? Is the lib-
erty of the white citizen of less value than that of
the fugitive slave* And can it be necessary in a
Government which, if it is maintained at all, i hold
must be maintained by the patriotism of the peo-
ple to whom it belongs—can it be necessary in
such a Government of the people, a Government
to be maintained and preserved by the patriotic
action of that people, that they, the patriotic, loyal
people, upon whose elForts depends the mainte-
nance of the Government, are to be subjected to
this despotic power? f
Already, sir, have you sent from this body a
bill legalizing any unest that may have been made
under color of authority from the President of the
United States claimed by any one who may choose
to make an arrest; and yon have limited that im-
prisonment to a term of thirty days, I believe on
the motion of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man.] ISew you propose to place the citizens of
Illinois and of New Hampshire and of all the loy-
al States m the power of the Executive, acting
through the subordinate officers m the War ana
State Departments, and to aliow those officers to
an est, without the assignment of reason, without
the issuing of process in the loyal States, the cit-
izens of those States. Sir, can there be any rea-
son for the arrest of any citizen that cannot be
made in the ordinary legal if there be a
