1092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
well-grounded apprehension upon the mind of any
one, it is not to be supposed that it is to be upon
the mind of the President, for the President is
bore in the District of Columbia; he is here out-
side of the States, confined to these five miles of
te rritory. These arrests, if made by hss authority,
must be made upon the representations of others.
They cannot be made upon his own personal
, knowledge, and he is liable to be deceived as well
1 as any one else.
Under the provisions of the substitute which I
have offered, every arrest that is made by the Pres-
ident's authority must be made under and by vir-
tue of a precept issued by him, and that, as a ne-
cessary consequence, would, even in the rebellious
States, call the attention of the President to the
name, at least, of the party to be arrested, and
would probably lead to an inquiry as to the cause
of arrest; but under the provisions of the bill, and
under the provisions of the substitute of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, arrests are to be made by the
Secretary of War, or by his order, or by the or-
der of the Secretary of State, with no process
issuing directly from the President, and nothing
that can be made a matter of record going to show
why an arrest has been made.
I believe that greater opposition has been made,
and that opposition has been more effectual, to
the party in power because of the exercise of this
arbitrary and despotic power of arrest than be-
cause of any other act that has been committed
by the Administration. The loyal citizen is la-
boring for the maintenance of the Union, because
of the value of Unconstitutional rights which that
Union has secured to him; but if you take from
him this right to personal liberty, this right to be
protected in that personal liberty, and not be de-
prived of it without duo process of law and with-
out an opportunity of knowing the charge upon
which he is confined and for which he is said to
have forfeited his liberty*, will you not make that
Government, instead of an object of love, an ob-
ject of hate?
i ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment
I have offered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, is it in
order now to move to amend the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ol\rk.)
It is not in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The difference between
the amendment offered by the Senator from Vir-
ginia and the substitute which I have proposed is
radical. One provides for the suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus; the other provides against
a suspension of the writ of habeas corpus. One is
a bill designed to put down the rebellion; the other
is a bill, if not designed, (and I will not charge
that,) calculated to prevent the suppression of the
rebellion. The Constitution of the United States
provides that "the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus shall not be suspended unless when,in cases
of rebellion oi invasion, the public safety may re-
quire it," which clearly gives the power to some-
body to suspend it when, in cases of rebellion or
invasion, the public safety dots require it. This
was the intention of the men who framed the Con-
stitution.
The Senator from Virginia tells us that greater
opposition has beenincurred by the party m power
by reason of these arbitrary and despotic arrests
withoutauthority than from any othfcr cause; and
now, what do we see when a bill is brought in to
authorize the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus, to make it legal—fo; the Constitution gives
the power to suspend tli.U wiit, and when-1 hi
cases of rebellion or imasion. Now, sir, does
anybody doubt thru we have a rebellion on hand,
and if the public safety could ever justify a {sus-
pension of the writ of habeas corpus, is not now
the time; jNo one will dispute that the power to
suspend the win exists somewhere. There is a
dispute as to whether the Executive can exercise
tluu authority without the sanction of Congress.
1 have been one of those who believed that the
writ of habeas corpus was not intruded to be sus-
pended except by the authoiity of an act of Con-
gress1. But now when wo propose to give that
authority in a case of rebellion, and when if ever
in the history ot the country the public safety
would require it, how are we met by (he Senator
from Virginia? YVtth a nil! prohibiting the sus-
pension ot the writ of habeas corpus, confining and
imprisoning men who shall arrest disloyalists and
traitors to the Government in this great crisis of
the nation's existence. Why, sir, the difference
is radical. His is a bill to prevent the arrest of
disloyal persons; while the bill which has passed
the House of Representatives, and to which I have
proposed a substitute, is intended to aid in the
suppression of the rebellion and to sanction the
arrest of persons whose being at large would be
dangerous to the public safety.
Now, sir, as I am up, although the immediate
question is between the bill proposed by the Sena-
tor from Virginia and the substitute which I have
offered, I will state as briefly as I can what the
provisions ofvthe substitute offered by me aie,
and wherein they differ fiom the bill which has
passed the House of Representatives. The House
of Representatives passed a bill, the first two sec-
tions of which provided for the discharge of poli-
tical prisoners, persons now in confinement by
authority of the Secretary of War or the Secre-
tary of State for what are called political offenses.
The thi^l section provided for the suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus. The substitute which
I have proposed alters the numbers of the sec-
tions. It seemed to mo a little more appropriate
to provide in the first section for the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus, and in the other sec-
tions for the discharge of the persons who might
he arrested. There is no importance in that. It
is no matter whether it is the first or the third
section; but*s I deemed it advisable to rewrite
the bill which passed the House of Representa-
tives, the second and third sections being, as I
thought, somewhat confused and not very clear,
and desiring some amendments, 1 rewrote them.
There is no substantial difference between the sub-
stitute I have, offered and the bill which passed tlx?
Ilouwe of Representatives in the first and second
sections, corresponding with the second and third
sections of the substitute. There is a substantial
difference between the first section, as I propose
it, and the third section of the fiouse bill. The
third section of the House bill authorized the
President of the United States to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus until the meeting of Con-
giess, Tiie substitute that I propose authotizes
him to suspend the wut of habeas corpus through-
out the United States, or any part of it, during
the rebellion, at any time during the existing re-
bellion ; and that is the difference between the two.
The House hill limited the suspension until Con-
gress should meet. The substitute I propose au-
thorizes the suspension wherever the President,
by proclamation, shall declare the writ suspended,
so long as the proclamation continues in force
and the rebellion exists.
Undm this fust section persons arrested, when
the writ of habeas corpus is suspended, of course
cannot be discharged by virtue of the writ ot
habeas corpus; hut the second and third sections
provide for the discharge of those persons. They
are not to he taken and held indefinitely, without
knowing for what and why; but the second and
third sections make it the duty of the Secietary of
State and the Secretary of War, immediately upon
the passage of the bill, to furnish the judge m each
district wlieie the panics reside, or where they
may be ehaiged with the commission ofanoffense,
with a list of their names. They are to be laid be-
fore the grand jury; and whenever a grand jury
shall have assembled m the proper distnct, and
shall have adjourned without finding an indictment
or making a presentment of any kind against the
party who has been mipiisoued, it is made the
duty of the judge loithwith to issue an order dis-
charging f lie prisoner from arrest, and any person
resisting that order is to be punished by fine and
imprisonment. The judge, however, before dis-
chargmgthe prisoner fiom airest is to take from
him an oat h of allegiance to the country and to the
Constitution oft lie (In i ted States, and is authorized
j also, if on examination of the facts he deems it
i advisable, and tf the public safety shall seem to
| demand it, to take fiom the prisoner a bond con-
j ditioned that he will keep the peace towards the
! United States, and appear from tnrm to time to
j answer in the court as the court shall direct.
! This ik the whole bill. The writ of habeas corpus
! is to be suspended; and wilts of habiab corpus,
when issued, aie not to be executed m cat>e the
officer returns under oath that he holds the pris-
oner by virtue of the authority of the President
of the United States; but the piisoner must then
apply to the court; and when a term has inter-
vened which could take cognizance of his case, he $
is to be discharged, unless the court find reason
to detain him longer in custody. It allows, there-
fore, a temporary arrest of parties; and in times
like this I think that may be allowed. I think,
when the country is environed by dangers all
around it, when spies and traitors are traversing
the North, giving information and aid and com-
fort to the rebellion, when others are preparing
plots not yet matured so that you can arrest them
for treason, and when, in the opinion of the Ex-
ecutive, charged with the duty of suppressing this
rebellion, their being at large is dangerous to the
public peace, I think it well to provide that he may
arrest them, and that they may not be discharged
by the writ of habeas corpus; but on a return that
a prisoner is thus held, no further proceedings
under that writ shall take place. However, the
party is not to be left there without remedy, but
is to have an opportunity, at the very first term of
the court, to obtain his discharge, unless the facts
are such as to warrant further proceedings against
him.
Thus far, sir, I am willing to go, and this is the
character of the bill which is now pending. I
shall say no more in regard to theamendment of-
fered by the Senator from Virginia, which is man-
ifestly a substitute the effect of which would be
to embarrass the Government in its operations
against the rebels.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the expo-
sition given by my honorable friend from Illinois
of this bill is very complete, although there is on«
suggestion that escaped him which I beg leave to
occupy the attention of the Senate long enough
to present. It is this: the first section of his sub-
stitute is so drawn that it does not assume of itself
that the Congress of the United States clothes the
Executive with power to suspend the writ. It
does not assume to determine whether his author-
ity to suspend the writ in cases of invasion orin-
suirection is derived from the act of Congress
which we now pass, or is derived from the Con-
stitution. I know that in the minds of the best
lawyers of the country there has been a very seri-
ous question whether under our Constitution this
power to suspend the writ is in the Executive or
m Congress. Very many of the ablest of the pro-
fession maintain that itis in the Executive. There
are many others, perhaps of equal ability, who
maintain that it is in the Congress of the United
States. This section is drawn in these words:
That during the pie^ent rebellion, the JPicsirient of the
Unit''*! State*, whenever in his judgment the public safety
limy require it, is uuthoiized to siu-peiut bv ptociamation
the privileges of the wut ot habeai corpus, &o.
It docs not assume to say that "the President is
hereby authorized to do it;" and therefore thoso
persons who conscientiously maintain that under
the Constitution the President is clothed with
power without any legislation of Congress, can
vote for this section upon the ground that this sec-
tion is merely declaratory of a power which in-
heres in him under the Constitution itself; and
those who maintain that it is to be derived from
an act of Congress can sustain this section upon
the ground that it is an enacting clause which
gives him the power.
Air. President, my opinion is this: whether th«
power is derived from the Constitution or derived
from the act of Congress to suspend the writ, it is
the best policy to have it declared by Congress
that the power exists either under the Constitu-
tion or under the act of Congress; and I will stf.e
my reason for this opinion. We know very well
that the people of the United States ai;e so familiar
with these tci ms, "be it enacted," which are used
m the passage of laws by their representatives,
whom they have chosen, who speak their own
voice, who legislate forthem, who declare the pop-
ular will, which, as our ancestors maintained, is
to thorn the voice of God, that they submit to an
enactment, passed by their representatives, com-
mencing " be it enacted," as the Israelites of old
would submit to a '-thus saith the Loid." But,
'■ sir, when a thing is assumed to be done by the
.. order of anv one individual, the S'*cretai y of War
'I ui the President, their jealousy of despotic power
'i exercised by an individual is such, that although
■ he may be acting within his oluar constitutional
i power, the, people, perhaps, are less likely to ac-
j quiesce in an order of the War Department or an
} order of the President than they are to acquiesce
i in an enactment of Congress.
