1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
whom was referred a resolution to pay the funeral
expenses of the late Hon. Edward D. Baker, have
had the same under consideration, and instructed
me to report it back, and recommend its passage.
I ask for its immediate passage, if there be no
objection.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider tiie
following resolution:
Resolccd, That there ho paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate a bum not exceeding one thousand dollars,
for the fimcial e\pcn^c^ of the late Hon. Edward 3) Baker,
Senator fiom the Slate of Oregon; the said sum to be paid
umlei the dnectionof the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent L-xpen*e.s of the Senate.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordeicd to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
WITNESSES IN IMPEACHMENT CASE.
Mr. CLAIIK. The same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution to pay the mileage of
certain witnesses before the high court of im-
peachment in the case of West H. Humphreys,
have had that matter under consideration, and
instructed me to report that the resolution be in-
definitely postponed. The matter has been ar-
ranged another way, and there is no necessity for
the resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
MARINE CORPS.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rcsohcrf, That the Committee ori Naval AfFniic he in-
structed to niquiie into the expediency of abolishing the
United States mauno eorp-< as a naval oigamzation, and
of attaching it to the United States Atiny a-> the tweiitu th
regiment ot infantry; and that they repoit by bill or other-
wise.
INCREASE OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Rcsohcd, That the Secretary of the Navy inform the
Senate by vntue of what law the number ol captains on
the active list has been increased beyond thenumbci author-
Ized by the law of July 10, 38(vJ, entitled "An act to estab-
lish and equalize the grade of line officers of the United
State-* Navy;'" and by vntue of v\ hat law ninety-one com-
mander ■> appeal on the aetive list in the Naval Renter,
when the aforesaid law limits the number to seventy-two.
MACHINERY OF TIIR llOUPATONrC. _
W
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Suerctarv of the Navy he requested
to hntnsh to the Senate a copv of a report made by Chief
Engineets Sinners and Newell to the Navy Department,
upon tin r .ui-es for delay in the completion of the maclun-
eiy of the Housatomc.
ACCIDENT TO TIIE PASSAIC.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Rcsohcd, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to furnish to the Senate copies of Mich correspondence and
reports a* may be on fi!<< in his olln-e, concerning tbe acci-
dent on board the st-'un battery Pabsaic, and the caubes
thereof.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to nmoducc a bill (S. No. 436)
requiring the President to appoint commissioners
to adjust, settle, and liquidate claims, accounts,
and debts, between the United States and any
State, during the existing lebellion; winch was
read twice by its title, and •iefcired to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary,announced
that the President had approved a.id signed, on the
]5th instant, an act (S. No. 405) authorizing the
holding of a special session of the United States
district court for the district of Indiana.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etheiiipge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 420)
to facilitate the discharge of disabled soldieis from
the Army, and the inspection of convalescent
camps and hospitals.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tions, in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
A bill (No. 608) prescribing the times and
places for holding terms of the circuit court for
the districts of Iowa, Minnesota, and Kansas;
A bill (No. 487) for the relief of "William B.
Snowhook and others;
A bill (No. 610) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1864;
A bill (No. 616) making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the Uni-
ted Status, for the year ending the 30th of June,
1864;
A joint resolution (No, 116) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Lieutenant Commander
George M. Morris, of the United States Navy; and
A joint resolution (No. 117) tendering: the
thanks of Congress to Commander John L. Wor-
den, of the United States Navy.
JUDGMENTS FOR DUTIES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee of Con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the bill (II. II. No. 582) concerning judg-
ments m certain suits brought by the United
States, having met, after full and free conference
have been unable to agree. The real foundation
of this report is that the original bill should not
pass; and they have adopted this mode of report-
ing, the bill having already passed both branches
m a certain shape, in older that no further steps
should be taken with the hill, unless the two
Houses desire otherwise.
IIOCSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (No. 60b) presenbingthe times and places
for holding terms of the circuit court for the dis-
tricts of Iowa, Minnesota, and Kansas—to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 487) for the relief of William P.
Snowhook and others—to the Committee on tiie
Judiciary.
A bill (No. 610) making appropriations for the
support ot the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1864—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (No. 016) making approptiations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending the 30 th of June,
1864—to the Committee on Finance.
A joint resolution (No. 116) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Lieutenant Commander
George M. Morris, of the United States Navy—
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A joint resolution (No. 117) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Commander John S. YVor-
den, of the United States Navy—to the Committee
on Naval Allans.
ADJOURNMENT FOR THE HOLIDAYS. |
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Etiieridge, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a lesolution that when the
House adjourns ori Tuesday next, it be to meet
on the first Monday m January next; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
CONDITIONS OF RELEASE OF STATE PRISONERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there are no
other bills or joint resolutions for introduction,
the following resolution is before the Senate as
the unfinished business of the morning hour. It ;
will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary ot War be directed to in- j
form the Senate jt ciU/.trn?-, airc&ttd by in-. autborhv e i by j
thfwe netmg under his authority, have not been requned, ;
belnre they could obtain their rMea-c fiom imprisonment, j
to take an oath, or give an obligation, thai they would not \
buc oi bun^ an action for damages ayain&t those who had !
anc&ted or caused them to be arretted. j
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move to strike out "not," ,
where it first occurs. It is rather an implication
that it has been done. J suppose that will be ac- !
cepted. 1
Mr. POWELL. I accept that. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator who j
introduced the resolution so modifies it. The .
question is on agieemg to the resolution. j
The resolution as modified was adopted.  
SOLDIERS AT THE DELAWARE ELECTION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The following res-
olution is next in order, arid is before the Senate.
It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
directed to inform the Senate whether armed soldiers were
sent Into the State of Delawaie, to bu present at the polls
on the 4th day of November last, the day of the general (■'.lec-
tion in said State; and if so, by whose orders, upon whose
application, the necessity, it any, for their being so sent, for
what puiposp they were sent, to what places by name they
were sent, how many were sent, how many to each of such
places, the names of the regiments or companies sent, the
names ofthe officer? comrnandingsuch regiments and com-
panies ; and whether any, and, if <0, how many provo~t mar-
shals wcie or have been appointed, ami at what places, in
said State, with their names, the necessity, if any, lor their
appointment, and the poweis conferred upon them; and
thai lie communicate to the Senate all papcisand order-, in
his Department relating to the sending of such soidiets into
said State.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have no desire to debate
this resolution. 1 am perfectly willing that, it
should be acted upon without debate. I will state
to the Scrate in a few words the reasons why 1
offered it. I think it is due to the people of that
State and to the Senate of the United States that
the facts should be known as to what did occur
in our State on the day of the general election.
If we had ever attempted in that State to resist
the Federal authorities, if we had ever attempted
to resist the execution of the Federal laws, if from
the beginning of these troubles we had armyed
uursclvcs against the Federal Government and at-
tempted to take part with the States in revolution,
I should not have offered this resolution. But,
sir, in a State where everything was perfectly calm
and quiet, where there had been no attempt since
the commencement of this revolution to take sides
with the States in revolt, military were sent on
the day of the general election to every voting
place in the two lower counties of that State ex-
cept two. 1 state to the Senate and to the coun-
try what I know to be true and what I can prove,
that peaceable citizens were arrested on the day
of the election and incarcerated in the common
jail of the county, atone place; that at another
voting place peaceable citizens who were making
no disturbance, doing nothing illegal or improper,
were arrested and placed in confinement in a room;
thatatanotherplace peaceable citizens before they
arrived on the ground, before they had done or
said anything on the election ground, were taken
from their wagons and fastened up in a house, and
some of them deprived of their right to vote. I
state anotherfact which can be proved: at another
voting place persons were intimidated from voting,
and others were assaulted. At some voting placcs
the inspectors of the election were compelled to
take what they believed to be illegal votes; at
other voting places persons having a clear legal
right to vote were prevented from voting by the
military.
Now, sir, I do not say that the General Gov-
ernment desired this to be done. General Wool
left his headquarters, wentto the town of Seaford,
in my State, and stayed there until after the elec-
tion. 1 believe, as far as General Wool was con-
cerned, and as far as the election was concerned
at that place, there was very little wrong done—
nothing further than what would be the natural
effect of having soldiers at a poll, the natural in-
timidation which it occasioned. I will state also
that where there were regular soldiers, undei offi-
cers of chaiacter, there was not generally s<> rmi'-h
wrong done as at other places. But, sir, where
Maryland home guards were stationed, outrages
of a gross character were committed upon our citi-
zens. 1 want to know—and that is the object of this
resolution—what were the reasons for the send-
ing of these men into the State of Delaware; what
representations have been made to the General
Government; whether it is true that there is any
man so debased, so low, so infamous in chaiacter,
so unmindful that he is a native or citizen of the
State of Delaware, as to come here and whisper
in the ears of power that there was any design oil
the part of the citizens of the State of Delaware,
or any portion of them, to do anything unlawful
or improper on that day. if such a base mgrate
be found within our limits, I want the citizens of
that State to know it, that they may brand him
with their scorn, and that his name may be mfa-
mous for all time to come. I would not have any one
injure a han in any such person's head; but, sir,
the State of Delaware has always been a peaceful,
