156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
quiet State* she wishes to be^so still; she is offer-
ing no resistance to the Federal Government; she
contemplates none; and she has aright to demand
that her citizens shall be free from military coer-
cion, when there is no reason for their being sub-
ject to military force.
But, sir, I will not debate the resolution. These
are the simple reasons why I have offered it. When
the fact shall be made known, and the General
Government sees that there was no occasion for
thus sending these troops into our State, and that
our people are not the disloyal people which, per-
haps, they have been represented to them to be,
we hope the Government hereafter may act more
wisely and more prudentLy in reference to such
matters.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the resolution will be
adopted. I do not desire to debate it; but I desire
the information. I think we are entitled to it. The
Governmentof theUnited States having sentinto
the State of Delaware, under the command of a
major general of the Army of the United States,
some three thousand troops, on the day before the
election, and distributed them through the State—
a State which has at no time whntevor, either by
her position, her course of conduct, or the action
of her people, offered any resistance to the author-
ity of the United States—we have a right to know
the reasons for such actions. It may be and prob-
ably it will be shown that some of our own citi-
zens, in the heat of political excitement and par-
tisan resentment, have made improper, erroneous,
and false statements to the Secretary of War. If
that is so, we have a right to know it. We have
a right to know who those recreant sons of Del-
aware are. The people of Delaware have a right
to know who it was that thus attempted to cause
civil strife and military rule to be established in
the State.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
the resolution, and declared that the noes appeared
to have it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it were better that the
resolution should be passed over; and I therefore
move that it lie upon the table.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts withdraw that motion for a moment?
I was going to suggest that the resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to that.
Mr. ANTHONY, t have no objection stall
to the information asked for bring obtained; I de-
sire that it should be laid befoie the country; but
I think the resolution is not expressed in such
felicitous language as the Senator from Delaware
usually employs. It seems to charge all the mat-
ter that is to be inquired into upon the Secretary
of War, and the particularity of the inquiries
seems to imply that unless he is pinned down to
the exact point, he is going to evade the inquiry.
I do not think it is respectful or proper. 1 would
prefer that a resolution should be offeied inquir-
ing generally into the matter; and if the Secirtury
should notreply fully, then we should know, what
the resolution now seems to assume, that he does
not mean to answer the inquiry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
before the Senate is on the motion of the Senator
from Rhode Island, to refer the resolution to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr, SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I offered
this resolution asking information of the Secretary
of War. Th e proposition nowisto refer absolu-
tion asking for information from the Secretary of
War to the Committee on Military Affairs. Can
the Committee on Military Affairs give the in-
formation? How can you refer a resolution of
inquiry, directed to the Secretary of War, to the
Committee on Military Affairs? It is not to be
supposed that they arc the persons who have sent
soldiers into the State of Delaware. I would pre-
fer, and 1 say so frankly to the Senate, if they
think we ought not to be furnished with this in-
formation, that they meet the question fairly and
vote the resolution down. If the Senate think it
is not proper that this information should be com-
municated, why lay the resolution on the table,
or why refer it to the Military Committee? Why
not vote it down, and there would be an end of
the matter at once? Every Senator here is pre-
sumed to act upon his own conviction of whatis
proper and right under the circumstances. We
think it is right and proper that we should have
this information; a large portion of the people of
my State think so; and we have no doubt in our
minds that it is right and proper that we should
have it; butifa majority of the Senate think other-
wise, why not vote the resolution down ? AH I
want is the sense of the Senate as to whether we
shall have this information or not.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that a part of
the information sought for in this resolution is
manifestly improper. It not only inquires of the
Secretary of War whether he has done this thing,
but it requires an inquisition as to who instituted
these proceedings, who made representations to
the Secretary of War that induced him to take
this official action, if he did take it. It is mani-
festly- improper for us to go into any such inquiry
as that. Docs the Senator desire to lay the basts
here, or to furnish the testimony for any number
of judicial investigations, forprivate prosecutions,
and for personal collisions in the State of Dela-
ware? Does he not see (if I apprehend the state
of public sentiment in Delaware) that such must
be the case, if it be true that armed men were
sent into the State of Delaware upon the advice
and the recommendation of some of the citizens
of Delaware ? The Secretary of War is respons-
ible for his acts, but we have no right to inquire
beyond the act itself, and to see what were the
inducements that led him to perpetrate that act.
It would certainly be exceedingly improper for
us to ask the Secretary of War to name to us,
specifically, the men who wiotc him that it was
necessary to have an armed guard here or an
armed guard there, m order to protect the loyal
citizens of this place or that place in the perform-
ance of their elective franchise. Hence, without
some modification of the resolution, I am pre-
pared to vote against the whole of it, although I
am perfectly content to vote for a part of it. I
am perfectly content to ask the Secretary of War
whether or not he did send men into the State of
Delaware to attend the polls; but I am not going
into any such private inquisition as is proposed
by the resolution, and ask the Secretary to inform
me upon whose instance it was done, whether
upon the recommendation of this Senator or that
Senator. If we establish a rule that wo shall do
this, and go on and inquire of each head of a De-
partment upon whose recommendation he does
this act and that act, we shall have no end to
these inquiries.
Mr. BAYARD. A few words in reply to the
remarks of the honorable Senator from Iowa, be-
cause it seem.s to me they are utteily destructive
of the whole object of the resolution. He says
he is willing to ask the Secretary of War whether
lie sent troops into tin* State of Delaware. Why,
sir, everybody knows that. He sent them there
the day before the election under the command of
a major general in the Army of the United States,
and they were distributed <o the polls throughout
the State. We have a right to inquire into the
grounds and leasonx for this action. 1 do not care
whethei you choose to state it specifically or not.
That is what we have a right to know; because,
beyond all question, f presume no Senator will
: contend (hat, without? subversion ofthisGovern-
ment, the Federal authority has a right to inter-
fere in the elections of the respective vStates. The
argument would haidly be tenable for a moment,
unless you mean to centralize the Government and
abolish the State governments,and begin with a
small Stat" for the purpose; because, certainly,
the question of voting,'the right of the elective
franchise, the mode in which it is regulated, the
conduct of elections, and the punishment for ille-
gal voting, belongs to the State alone. The Uni-
ted States have nothing to do with it whatever
—not the remotest connection with it. The peo-
ple of other States have nothing whatever to do
with it. Where there is no revolt, where there
is no disobedience to the authorities of the Gov-
ernment, and no indication of it, where a State is
in no condition, even if there was wrong senti-
ment there, to resist the authority of the Gov-
ernment, it would be an utter subversion of the
Government to say or contend that the Secretary
of War might undertake to guard the polls of
such a State on the day of election. What has
he got to do with it? What right has he to in-
fluence an election ? What right has the Federal
Government to connect itself with an election in
a State that is perfectly peaceable in every re-
spect, and where the laws are in full operation?
The moment that takes place, thisform ofgovern^
ment ceases, if it is applied to other States, and
you become at once a centralized Government.
The people of other States have no interest what-
ever m this matter. They have no control over
it. The people of each State of this Union elect
their own agents for their own self-government,
and they elect also their common agents to meet
m these Halls, by their own action, unaffected by
the votes of other States. You might have a ma-
jority of fifty thousand in one State, but you can-
not carry it into another. The vote of one State
and the sentimentof one State lias no right to con-
trol cither the election of the common agents or of
the local agents of another State. Of that prin-
ciple there can be no doubt. It is the foundation
of our whole system that the elective franchise
rests with the State alone. In many States of
this Union—I believe in Michigan—parties are
permitted to vote who, under the laws of the
United States, are not citizens; peisons who have
merely declared their intentions, and are not cit-
izens of the United States, are admitted to vote;
still, the Federal Governmenthaving no jurisdic-
tion, it has never been questioned.
Now, sir, the point of this inquiry results from
that. We do not want to inquire into the fact of
whether the Army was sent there and whether
they were distributed at the polls—that is noto-
rious; but we want the reasons which justify an
act which certainly is an infraction of the rights
of the people of Delaware, and an infraction which,
carried out in other States—I am not speaking of
what the design was, for I do not know what the
grounds were; I want to know—would enable any
existing Administration to keep itself in power
and control the Government of this country just
as long as it had the military force to do so. That
would be the effect of submitting to such action.
I want to know the grounds and the reasons, to
see whether there was any justification for this
action. It is not, as the honorable Senator from
Iowa supposes, with any desire for judicial in-
quiry against individuals there; nothing of the
kind. It would not be evidence for the purpose
of subjecting them to judicial inquiry. It is the
design, if citizens of Delaware have so far lost
their respect and regard for their State, that in
the fury and heat of partisan excitement they have
liUfeled the people of their State, calumniated them
to the Government, and so brought upon them the
threat oi military rule, we want the public opinion
of the people of the United States and the State
of Delaware to know who the men are. That is
what we want—nothing more.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no sort of idea of
stifling thisTcsolution by moving its reference. I
merely want it put into a proper and decorous
form, which I do not think it is in now. I am
prepared to vote against the resolution in its pres-
ent form; but when it comes back from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs in a proper shape I
shall be very willing to vote for it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then I will suggest to
the Senator to withdraw his motion, and let us
have a vote on the adoption of the resolution. If
the Senate think proper to vote it down they can
do so, and that will end the matter.
Mr. HALE. I do not think it is exactly proper
for any Senator to propose an inquiry and insist
upon it that it shall be put in the precis^ phrase-
ology which he sees fit to use, or else the Senate
shall be considered as ad verse to the inquiry which
he proposes to institute. It seems to me a refer-
ence to a committee would be proper and accord-
ing to the usages of the Senate, and what the Sen-
ate ought to do to protect itself, while they may
be willing to make the inquiry, from using phrase-
ology which the body would not use. The only
way to prevent that is to refer the resolution to a
committee of the Senate. It is nothing extraor-
dinary; it is nothingatall unusual; and it seems
to me it is due to other Senators that their views
; should be expressed in such a form as one of the
' regular committees of the Senate see fit to use.
While I do not say how 1 shall vote upon it, I
think the Senator from Delaware takes an entirely
wrong view of it, and makes an issue, or endeav-
ors to force an issue upon the Senate, which—I
say it with all respect to the Senator—he has no
right to force. He has no right to put an inquiry
exactly in certain words and say, "give me a
