1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
ecutive could, at will, suspend the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus whenever rebellion or inva-
sion in his judgment required the suspension for
the purposes of public safety. Such a doctrine
was never before defended in Congress. The opin-
ions of the courts of justice in the construction of
the law, the decision of the Congress of the Uni-
ted Slates, when the question was once before
them, and the unanimous verdict of the profes-
sion for more than seventy years, have lodged the
power in Congress, and Congress alone. 1 think
that has far more weight than the opinions of
either one or two able men raising a question now
as to whether the President does not possess this
power. ^
I may further remark that in the only courts
before which the question has been presented at
the present time, the decisions have been adverse
to executive right. The supreme court of Wis-
consin, which certainly had no political procliv-
• ities that were inclined to decidc contrary to the
views of the Executive of the United States, has
denied the existence of the power in the Execu-
tive. Judge Hall, of New York, has denied the
existence of the power in the Executive; and there
may be other cases. Nor do 1 at all doubt that
when the question comes for judicial decision
before any tribunal of capacity in this country,
whatever private, unauthorized opinions may have
been given,andhowover eminent may be the men
who have given them, the judicial decision will be
the same, that it is a lawless exercise of power,
unless Congress have authorized the act of sus-
pension.
But, Mr. President, I rose for the purpose of
discussing thin question briefly. The honorable
Senator from Wisconsin uses the extraordinary
argument that here is a bill presented to the Con-
gress of the United States which is intentionally
ambiguous, which is intended to he so framed that
it may be read two ways, is that legitimate le-
gislation? 1 admit that Congress may pass a meas-
ure, and that rnea.sure may be the subject of in-
terpretation by different minds in differentmodes;
but the avowal of the design to pass a law for the
purpose of leaving it so ambiguous that men of
different minds may unite in its passage, is cer-
tainly a novel and extraordinary doctrine to pro-
pound in a legislative assembly. It will not be ef-
fective, either. When this bill comes before your
courts, they must decide either that it conveys the
power to the President, or it is declaratory. If it
is declaratory, it is not worth a straw, because you
have no declaratory rights as to passing laws. It
itgives the power, the courts must so decide. One
way or the other, the construction must be ar-
rived at, and the ambiguity must be removed.
We come,then, to this question. 1 suppose this
bill does give the power if you can delegate it in
this way. If the power exists, certainly those
who chum that the power exists in the Executive
are only making u reflection upon him if they un-
dertake to grant him the power, i suppose this
hill does give the power if you can grant it to him.
Then comes this objection: can you delegate the
legislative authority of this nation to the Exec-
utive, to be determined upon his discretion and
not upon yours? Let those who believe that the
power to suspend the privilege of the writ ol'habcas
corpus is vested in the legislative power reconcile
it to themselves, if they can, that they can dispense
with their own judgment as to whether the public
safety requires that the writ should be suspended,
and can delegate that power of legislation, founded
on an art of high discretion, to the Executive of
the nation. Why, sir, you might just as well del-
egate to him the power to make "any appropria-
tions out of the Treasury he saw fit. You might
as well delegate to him all your powers of legis-
lation and abdicate your seats in Congress, and
do what this and other bills you have passed will
do—create a single despotic government in t'ns
country. Do it, and in terms you abandon legis-
lation. Why? You propose to delegate your
legislative power over the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpuSi which is the sole security of every
citizen of the United States against executive op-
pression. Whether the oppression is intended or
ndt is not the question, it is the privilege, the
right which is thrown away; not in a case in which
you determine the public'safety requires it. If
you so detei mine you must pass your law and de-
scribe where and in what part of the country, in
your solemn judgment, the public safety requires
that this writ should be suspended, not where the
President may think the public safety will require
it hereafter. It is the abandonment of high dis-
cretion ; and if there ever was a case to which the
delegatus non potest delegari applied, it is precisely
this case with those who believe that in Congress
is vested the sole power to suspend the writ of
kabe as corpus in cases of invasion or rebellion when
the public safety requires it. The decision as to
the public safety, the extent to which the right is
to run, the duration of time during which the sus-
pension is to last, are all matters for legislation,
and legislation alone, and you have no authority
to delegate your legislative powers to the Execu-
tive of the Unittd States. You can no more del-
egate this power than you can delegate the power
to raise armies at will, to employ the funds of the
nation at will. Why, sir, suppose a proposition
was made, " be it enacted that during the contin-
uance of this rebellion the President of the United
States is hereby authorized to raise such number
of men, as additions to the regular Army of the
United States, as he thinks necessary and prop-
er for the purpose of crushing the rebellion; and
also, that he is hereby authorized to raise such
amounts of money on the credit of the United
States, and appropriate the same for the purposes
of the support of the Army in order to crush out
the rebellfon, as in his judgment he deems neces-
sary," you would do no more by such an act as
that than you do by this bill. Now, if the power
is in Congress to suspend the writ, you attempt
to delegate to the President a high legislative dis-
cretion, and you have no authority to do that.
You abandon your legislative duties when you
attempt it, and you place the country entirely at
the discretion of the President.
Mr. President, the views that are taken of the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus avis certainly
extraordinary. I have heard it called a personal
right. It is a personal right in the sense of the
individual whose light is infracted; but the privi-
lege of the wnt of habeas corpus is a common right
of the whole American people, a common right
which the barons of England, before the commons
had political power, foiced from the executive of
England, the tyrant John; and though subse-
quently to that there were constant encroachments
on the rights of the people both by Henry and
Elizabeth, and by the Smarts afterwards, the
struggle when the commons came into political
existence in England continued to vindicate the
great privilege of the writ of habeas corpus as em-
bodied in Magna Charta; and as early as JG28, on
the arrest of John Hampden, a leaolution was
passed by the House of Commons asserting it to
be a judicial right, a right of judicial inquiry; that
it was the privilege not of the individual man but
of the whole community, that whenever by 4fe
command of the king in council or any other au-
thority a man was arrested, he should have a i ight
to appeal to the judicial authority to have it de-
termined publicly whether the charge against him
was sustained by proper evidence, and whether
the act charged was no offense against the laws
of the country; and if J^at did not appear prima
frtcit' on the evidence, th<? court were bound to dis-
charge him. That is the whole origin of the privi-
lege of the writ, the whole value of the privilege
of the writ. Vl'hat was meant to be secured by
the Constitution of the United States, and it was
given as a matter of discretion to the legislative
power to suspend that privilege in times of great
envrgeiu y where the public safety required it;
bur how is that to be determined? As in Parlia-
ment. Take any of the English statutes; take
their statute passed during our revolutionary war;
they authorized the Crown not to suspend the
writ, but to arrest and detain persons during the
existence of rebellion throughout the colonies
which they specified; and they did—what I will
yet see, by a motion to amend, whether the Sen-
ate will do or not—they limited the duration of
the act to one year. In the first instance, as the
ministry had the bill reported, it extended all over
England as well as over the colonies that were in
a state of revolt; but although the ministry had
an overwhelming majority of three fourths, they
found that they could not carry that proposition
against the conservative sense of the House of
Commons, and they were obliged to amend it so
as to confine the right of arrest and detention
during the year to the colonies actually in rebel-
lion and the high seas.
Here the proposition is not to determine by
yourselves and say to the American people that
the writ shall be suspended, because the public
safety requires it in this State or in that State, or
wherever else you please to determine; but to del-
egate to the President to determine hereafter when
at his discretion or in his judgment he chooses
to say the privilege of the writ shall be suspended
for political offenses. If you suspend the writ, it
is enough, and the answer may be returned, "the
party is arrested by order of the President for
political offenses." What arc they? It ought to
be for crimes known to the law. Certainly, arrest
and detention for that which is not an offense
against the laws, is equally a violation of the fifth
article of the amendments to theConstitntion, not-
withstanding you may suspend the writ of habeas
corpus; the remedy for immediate discharge may
be gone, but the violation of the right remains.
Mr. President, I know very well that any re-
marks I can make upon this bill will not have any
influence here to prevent its passage; and sorry
I am to say that no species of representation made
in this body goes forth to the country at large
except in a very imperfect manner, even as to its
substance, it is, therefore, but idle in my judg-
ment to debate questions here at length. Sir, look
at the legislation here that has relation to the
powers of the Executive. I do not mean for a
moment to question the intention of those who
have passed the conscription law as it is properly
called, who have passed other cognate laws, and
have also proposed to pass, and probably will pass,
the present bill, which strikes down the. liberty of
every American citizen, and places him at the feet
of the Executive of the United States; but I can
deal with the effect of this legislation, though its
effect may not be contemplated nor even believed
in by those who vote for these measures. I do
not say that the present Executive of the United
States will abuse the power which these laws
confide to him, but this 1 do say-* that under your
consumption bill youplace theentire fighting popu-
lation of the United States in the power of the
Executive, to be called forth at his will, under
his own command, and under officers appointed
by himself, and you obliterate your mihtia laws
and the militia forces of the States entirely and
utterly; by your other bills you confide to him
the amount of millions of money for the purpose
of controlling the movements and paying the forces
that he calls out; and by this bill you propose to
abandon your legislative functions and to confide
to him the right of imprisoning any citizen of the
United States at will whenever he sees (it to do so
in any part of this broad country. Now, sir, it is
not a question of whether the President will abuse
the power you so delegate; but the question is,
is that country a free country when* the personal
liberty of the citizen, the entire military force of
the country, and the entire wealth and credit of
the nation, are placed in the hands of a single man
without any restriction other than his own will ?
The precedent is such that it gives a power which
I would yield to no man; nor do I see the necessity
for it. I am unable to see the slightest necessity
for the passage of this bill. 1 am" unable to see
how you can expect to add strength to the powers
of a (rovernmc-.nt like ours by trampling upon the
rights of the citizen, unless, indeed, it is intended
to subvert its character, to change its form from a
republic to an imperial despotism. If the people
of Has country will not support the policy and
views of our Executive, lie must abandon that
policy and those views, and the country is no
longer republican when any other doctrine can
prevail.
Mr. President, I have opolccn of its dangers, not
of what will be attempted; but I say, with the
power confided by the conscription bill, if it be-
comes a law, and the power confided by this bill
if it becomes a law, and tiie unlimited command
of money which you give (perhaps necessarily as
to those bills alone) for the purpose of carrying
on the war, if the existmgPrcsident of the United
States were an ambitious man, or if he should fall
into the hands of an ambitious man, who should
say to him, " now, sir. you have powei which
can reelect you rso If and perpetuate the domination
ofthose who support you by controlling the future
elections of this country," T think lie will have
that power given to him. I do not say it will suc-
ceed. That depends upon how far the spirit of
civil liberty yet reigns among the American peo«
