1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
vote on that; put that inquiry in the very phrase-
ology which I have indicated, or else let it go out
to the world that you do not want the inquiry."
I am not willing to hp put in that category, and I
thmk the decorous way and the regular way is to
submit it to a committee of the body; and, with
that view, I hope the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island will be agreed to.
Mr. KAYARD. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator how he can reach his object. As
to the mere words of the inquiry, if there is any-
thing disrespectful in them, f am perfectly willing
to modify the resolution. It is a resolution of
inquiry; but if the Senate prefer to alter the mode
of the inquiry while they keep the substance of
it, I have no objection; and that can be done by
a motion to amend, if I could only understand
what it is that gentlemen object to. If the objec-
tion of the honorable Senator from Iowa is to pre-
vail, the resolution would be perfectly futile. It
would be nothing biitinquiring us to a fact which
is notorious to the whole countiy, of which there
can be no doubt. We want to know the grounds
and reasons of the action; the act, unless there be
reason for it, being one which strikes at and sub-
verts the Government in its very foundation.
Surely we have a right to the reasons for this
action of the Secretary of War. They may be :
perfectly satisfactory to the Senate when they
come to hear them; perhaps not to me. They may
not be satisfactory to the Senate when they come.
I do not know what will be given, for I do not
know on what ground the action was taken, though
I know it was taken, and I know it is an infringe-
ment of the rights of the people of the State of
Delaware. I do not care in what form you put
the resolution, or how gentlemen may desire to
modify it, if they adhere to its substance and give
us the information which we call for; that is, in-
formation as to the grounds and reasons upon
which these troops were sent into the State of
Delaware, and distributed to the polling places
throughout the State; and also the number and
location of the provost marshals of the State. The
people have a right to know that; for if a discre-
tionary authority exists in a Staff where there are
no soldiers to arrest at the will of a military offi-
cer, we have a right to know the number of them;
wo have a right to know when: they ore located.
The Secretary ran tell us why he put them there,
and all about it, if he chooses; but we want to
know the numbei of those persons, because we
cri tainly ought to know. "We do not want a corps
of officers in the State who are to be concealed
fioni the public; whose names are to be unknown.
Tlteie can be no objection to (he designation of
their locality or of their names. That, certainly,
the people of the State or their representatives have
a right to ask. That, in substance, is what wc
wish for. If gentlemen do not like the form of the
resolution, I have not the slightest obiection to an
amendment, but I do not see why it should go to
a committee. 1 do not see the necessity of refer-
ring U to a committee. Any gentleman may make
a motion to amend, and if it still retains the sub-
stance of tin inquiry, I shall not object to the ;
amendment. If, however, the resolution is to be i|
referred to a committee, I hope it will be sent with j
instructions to report by a given day, and not be ij
sent to slumber. ;j
Mr. SAULSBURY. The motion now before \\
the Senate, 1 Ik lieve, is the motion of the Senator •.
from Rhode Island to refer this resolution to the ;j
Committee on Miliary Allans.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. That is the motion. ■!
Mr. SAULSIjCRY. If the Senator insists on
that motion, i desire to propose an nmeridment ,■
to it, without any disrespect to the Committee or, ;i
Military Allans. I wili move that the resolution '
be referred to a special committee of tnree to in- ;
qmre into the inattrns in the resolution contained, ii
"with power to send for persons and papers. 1
move that as an amendment to the motion of the i
Senator fiom Rhode Island. Ii
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator'smo- ji
tion will be in ordei jf llw Senate shall not agree (,
to the pending motion. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Rhode Island. ;!
Mr. SAULSCUjIY. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, the special order of the day is
now before the Senate, which is the bill (S. No.
.324) to provide for the relief of honest but unfor-
tunate debtors, and the distribution of their prop-
erty among their creditors, by the establishment
of a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to postpone
the present consideration of that question, with a
view of taking up the bill to provide for the release
of political prisoners; with the further desire of
being permitted, if it be the pleasure of the Senate,
to make a few remarks upon the latter bill.
Mr. FOSTER. I shall be quite willing to con-
sent, and trust the Senate will consentunanlmously
to lay aside the order of the day, that the Senator
from Indiana may have an opportunity of address-
ing the Senate on the bill to which lie refers. In-
stead of a regular motion to postpone the special I
order, let it be laid aside by common consentand 1
the bill alluded to by the Senator from Indiana
be taken up, that he may address the Senate as ho
proposes to do upon it I trust no objection will
be made to the informal laying aside of the bill for
the time being.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection on the part of any Senator, the bill now
before the Senate will be informally laid aside for
the purpose of taking up the bill indicated by the
Senator from Indiana. Tho Chair hears no ob-
jection. The bill alluded to by the Senator from
Indiana comes up by assignment to-day, though I
not specially.
DISCHARGE OF STATU PRISONERS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (£1. R. No. 362) to provide for the discharge
of State prisoners and others, and to authorize the
judges of tile United States courts to take bail or
recognizances tu secuio the tual of the same, the
pending question bemg on the motion of Mr. Pow-
ell to strike out the third section, in the follow-
ing words:
See 3. Jhul hr it further enacted, That if is and shall be
lawful fur tin* Pie.-irienr ot the United Slates, whenevei,
Con^re-s not being in sexton, and, m his. judgment, hy rea-
son ofrebellion or niva-ion, the public safety may i<*qune
it," to suspend, !>v proclamation, the pimlesc <>l the wilt
ot habeas coipus in all c.i&es or'political offenses throughout
the United States, or m any pan thereof, until the meeting
<>i Congioss thoienfter; and whenevei and wherevoi the
said \vi it shall he Mispeiuled as afore-said, it <-1)1111 lie unlaw-
ful loi any oi the judges or the several courts of the United
S^tutc*, oi of «ui\ Huite, to allow Mid \vnt, ah to such ot-
fen^cs, au>tliui<jr in thin act oi in any other aet to tile cun-
tiaiy notwithstanding.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, the bill
under consideration contemplates a provision fur
the release of political prisoners under certain cir-
cumstances, and also to authorize the President of
the United States under the conditions of theCon-
stituUon to suspend the writ of habeas corpus. If
any such legislation be proper and constitutional,
the piovisions of the bill seem aptly drawn to ef-
fect the object. I believe, however, that no such
legislation is either proper or constitutional; that
it is an improper interference with the duties and
powers of the executive office.
I shall attempt no finely diawn distinctions upon
this ocmsiou between acts of the President of the
United States which are justifiable and acts which
are excusable. All the political arrests which the \
President of the United States, in the dischaige of ,j
his swoi n d uty, has made, 1 justify and defend, in j j
the widest and broader s-vnse of thai turm. Nay, !j
more, I believe that tho Piesuh-nt, if he had not ;;
made those onests under tho circumstances under . ,
which thi-y we>e mude, would have been un- j
worthy of the high position he occupies, and ,,
iccreant to his duty to the Constitution and the :
country. i;
Mr. Piesidcnt, in the few remarks which I had Ji
the honor to submit to the Senate at the extra sls- '
sion in answei to a S< nator fiom Kentucky, the
late Vice Piesident of the United States, I took !
the position th it the right ard power to suspend ,
the pru ilege of the wnt of habeas corpus was, by /
the Constitution, confided to the Piehident of the ;
United States. The opinion then expressed has
been stiengthened by ruy subsequent i eduction and ,:
investigation. At that time but little had b^en said
orwrittenm thiscountry on the subject; thepubhc ,
attention had not been directed to it, but since then ;!
a flood of light has been poured upon it by the most ■ j
brilliant living luminaries in American junspru- ,]
deuce. I need only refer to Horace Bmney, Rev- i!
firdy Johnson, and our present able and distin^
guished Attorney General; all of whom most ably-
maintain that the power to suspend the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus, belongs, under the
Constitution, to the President, and to him alone.
The ninth section of the first article of the Consti-
tution expressly states under what circumstances
the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus may be
suspended; to wit: when, in cases of rebellion or
invasion, the public safety may require it; with-
out stating by whom or by what department of
the General Government it was to be effected.
This we are left to infer from the nature of the act
to be performed, and from the duties assigned to
and powers conferred upon the different depart-
ments of the Federal Government.
The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus is a
personal right pertaining to the individual. It is
the light to be bailed, tried, or discharged with-
out unnecessary delay. The denial or suspension
of t}ns right is, in my judgment, an executive act,
and is not, under our Constitution, the proper
subject of legislative action. The bill under con-
sideration so regards it. The bill does not pro-
pose to suspend this privilege directly and by its
own force, but to confer power on the President
to do so. Indeed, I am utterly at a loss to con-
ceive how Congress can directly exert this power.
They could only deny this privilege to individ-
uals by name, or in general terms. Congress by-
law might enact that all persons charged with
certain specified offenses, for a certain time and
within certain districts, should be denied the privi-
leges of the writ. That would lead to inextricable
confusion, and defeat the very object of this clause
of the Constitution. Congress could not specify all
the persons to whom this privilege should be de-
nied; nor could they specify all the offenses which
might be committed in aid of the invasion or re-
bellion, or which might endanger the public
safety. It is to avoid this very difficulty that all
the statutes passed by tho English Parliament on
this subjcct refer their execution to the king, or
to some one of his ministers; and the bill now
under consideration undertakes to confer upon
the President a power which Congress cannot,
from its very nature, ever execute.
Now one of two things must, be true: either that
the Constitution authoi izes Congress or the Pres-
ident under certain circumstances to suspend the
privileges of the writ of habeas corpus, for none
will contend that this power is conferred upon the
judiciary. If this power is conferred upon Con-
giess, Congress alone can exercise it. Congress
has no right to pait with any of its legal or con-
stitutional powers and to bestow them upon an-
other department. Such action would be clearly
unconstitutional. The President either possesses
this powerunder the Constitution, or he does not.
If hu already possesses it, the bill before us is idle
and void. If he does not possess it, the bill, if
pysscd, would not confer it upon him; for an act
of Coneross cannot enlarge or abridge the powers
of the President.
This power cannot be exercised conjointly by
the Piesidentand Congress. Their functions arc
sepai ate and distinct. The exercise of this power
under the Constitution implies that the depart-
ment exercising it has cognizance of the fact that
invasion or rebellion exists, and the further fact
that the public safety demands us exercise. The
bill before us leaves its execution to the President.
His discretion is appealed to. lie determines the
time when the public safety i equires the execution
of the law, whether rebellion or invasion exists;
in fact, ho does under this bill precisely what, in
my judgment, ho has full authonty to do under
the Constitution of the United States.
An aigument is diawn dgaoisr the light of the
Piesident to cxemse this power from the assumed
fact that the provision m refetenco to the writ of
habeas corpus occurs in the ninth section of the first
aitiele of the Constitution, containing only re-
strictions upon tiie power of Congress and refer-
ring to legislative mattois alone. It will be s^en
by reading that section that there aie two clauses
in ltdueetly limiting the power of the President;
fit st, m i elation tod tawing monev from the Treas-
ury, and secondly, in refeience tu titles of nobil-
ity. If theie ait- two clausts m the section which
do not and cannot by any possibility apply to
the poweis of Congress, why may not a third
exist? We can derive but slight aid in our inter-
pretation of the Constitution by looking to the
