THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
in deciding this question. The trip from the Pa-
cific coast to this place is not the ordinary trip to
any of your western or your eastern States. His
a uip fraught with danger; a trip that every time !
it is made is connected with hazard, with risk,
both of life and of limb. My own immediate pre-
decessor, on his way to take his seat here, lost his
child on the isthmus of Panama, and he himself
fell into an untimely grave but a week or two after
he arrived home, from a disease contracted on his
return. I know, from my own experience, that
in one of my trips from home to this place, if I had
been delayed but three or four days, myself and
family would have been slaughtered by the In-
dians upon the plains.
These are proper considerations for you to
weigh in deciding this question, and you are to
determine whether sufficient compensation is al-
lowed to us for coming from our homes to the seat
of Government in order to discharge our duties
to our constituents.
There is another consideration. You have fixed
the annual compensation at $3,000. The tax is
to come out of that. Then theie is, at the same
time, the disparity existing, and which will prob-
ably exist to a greater or less degree for the next
year or two, in consequence of our financial em-
barrassments, between the standard of gold and
the currency in which you pay. That currency
on the Pacific coast is received exactly upon its
depreciated standard in the East. "Gold is the cur-
rency there. The paper currency of the Govern-
ment is not received in the ordinary transactions
of life, for the support of families and for ordinal y
expenses,except at its depreciated value, the same
as existsm the markets in New York. Therefore,
when you come to take the per annum compen-
sation and the mileage compensation, and make
the aggregate, and then make the necessary de-
ductions, you will find that no representative from
the Pacific can come here, unless by himself lie
cannot come with his family and support it upon
the compensation you have fixed.
I do not propose to occupy further tunc upon
this question. I state in < onclusion, as I stated in
the commencement, that to me it is nothing. In
a few days more my political career with you
closes, at least for the present, and 1, therefore,
with all the sincerity of my nature, ask of the
Senate of the United States not to ratify this act,
as a matter of simple justice to my colleagues from
the Pacific coast in this Congress, and in Con-
gresses tlmt follow.
Mr. RICE. I wish to state that although 1
signed the report, 1 dissented fiom the view of the
majority of the committee upon this question of
mileage.
Mr". RICHARDSON. I wish to suggest that
we had better have a separate vote upon this pro-
position.
^ Mr. FESSENDEN. I was about to mate that
if it was possible to have a separate vote upon this
proposition, 1 would with pleasure vote to strike
out this particular part of the report of the com-
mittee of conference. When the question was
pending on theoiil itself befoie, on the motion to
stiike out the proviso as it originally came from
the House of Representatives, it wjli bo remem-
bered by Senators that I stated my entne disa-
greement with the views that seemod to be taken
by that House upon the subject. I have always
held that this matter of mileage was fixed as a
part of the compensation, was Taken into consid-
eration as making out the sum total of the pay of
members, with reference to their particuhu posi-
tion and situation, and that in my judgment it, was
fixed as nearly at a fair rate as it could be; that
members of Congress, in my judgment, did not
receive too much pay, and that I thought it was
mosi advisable to adhere to the mileage as fixed by
law. In that general result—whether in my par-
ticular views or not I do not know—1 was sus-
tained by the Senate, and the Committee on Fi-
nance was sustained by the Senate. Upon that
question, as I stated here at the time, the com-
mittee were very nearly unanimous.
But, sir, we find a state of things existing in the
Hous^ of Representatives of a different character.
The House saw fit to annex this proviso to its
appropriation. I would rather, and I think that
would have been the most correct mode, that they
had placed it upon a bill by itself, and not attempt
to legislate in this way upon a bill containing a
great many clauses; and which must be passed in
order to provide for the proper support of the
Government. Still, however, the House, in the
exercise of its constitutional right, saw fit to do
so, and we met its conferees on this disagreement.
Now, sir, one or the other we must do: we must
either disagree entirely and leave the bill unfin-
ished, because the whole bill is dependent upon a
final agreement, or we must come to some compro-
mise on the subject. The original provision of
the House was to strike down the mileage three
fourths.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to ask the Senator
from Maine a question.
Mi*. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. POWELL. If we reject the report of the
committee of conference, is it not competent for
the Senate to order another committee?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; 1 suppose itis.
Mr. POWELL. I think we had better do that.
Mr. FESS&NDEN. The difficulty as to that
would be that we should be in no better condition
if we sent another committee of conference to meet
a new committee on the part of the House of Rep-
resentatives. There is no more probability, in my
judgment, that the House will yield on this point
on a new committee of confidence than upon the
former conference. Of course, the idea of a com-
mittee of conference is that it represents the ma-
jority of each House, and therefore another com-
mittee of conference, appointed in the same way,
will represent the opinion of the House of Rep-
resentatives as well as\he opinion of the Senate.
As I was stating, theoiiginal pioposition of the
other House struck off three fourths of the mile-
age. That would leave the gentlemen from the
Pacific coast m a very much worse condition than
tintt in which they are placed by this repoit. If
yon struck off only one half, they would be left
in a worse condition than they aie placed in by it.
With reg.ud to Senators and Representatives on
this side, of the Rocky mountains, 1 do not think
that it is particularly unjust to leave it as it is, al-
though from many of them it takes off something.
! ygtee with the honuiablo Senator from Califor-
nia, that t he delegation from the Pacific coast stand
in an entuely dilfeiont position; and for myself,
although [ agreed to the reportfor the purpose of
hovmg an agreement, I do not think it allows them
enough.
But, sir, if we reject this report we must reject
it as a whole; we cannot take part of the report
of the committee of conference; it must either
be accepted or rejected as an entnety. My own
opinion is, that we had better accept the report;
that it will be better for the gentlemen from the
Pacific coast themselves to uccept the leport than
to send it bcu'k and have a further controversy
about it on this bill, because the difficulty that has
arisen has arisen from the apparently great ine-
quality between the mileage paid to members from
tin- Pacific coast and that paid to those on this
side. That has addressed itself strongly to the
minds of a gieat many gentlemen who have not
investigated it. If needed investigation; it needed
explanation; it needed fignies; it nee ded just what
the honorable Senator fiom California has given
us; and I think, after the speech he has made,
when the House of Representatives comes to con-
sider it, being satisfied with what is done with ref-
erence to those on this side of the mountains, they
will be lead y in some other bill at this session, or at
the next session of Congress, to do justice to those
gentlemen. By next session the Llouse will be
changed m a very great degree; the Senate's opin-
ion is already well known; and if it shall be found
(hat injustice by this rule has been done oi is being
done to the gentleman who come from that section
of the country, it will be repaired. Certainly I have
every disposition to do it. 1 remain of the opinion
that I expressed the other day, that it is vastly
better to leave this matter as it was. its constant
agitation does no good. 1 do not believe that any
member receives moie than he ought to leceive,
or is paid at an equal ratio, with other officers of
the Government, or anything like it. If the Sena-
tors and Representatives from California and Ore-
gon and the Delegates from the Teuitoi ies on that
coci&t have any advantage over us, I am perfectly
willing that they should keep it, but I do not think
they have. The considerations that have been pre-
sented by the honorable Senator from California
addressed themselves to my mind before. I was
perfectly satisfied to let matters remain as they
were, as a large majority of the Senate were. Still
I would not adviso that this bill, which is a very
great bill, which is essential to the Government,
should be rejected and postponed for a matter so
comparatively unimportant and so particularly
personal, thus, perhaps, creating irritation; but
that the Senatois and Representatives from that
region of country-will leave it to be considered
upon some other bill at this session, or at the next
session, when the matter, if wrong, can be made
right. I hope that that course will be taken,for
I am very unwilling that a matter of this sort shall
continue to be agitated, especially upon bills of
this description, where it ought never to have been
put, in my judgment.
Mr. NESMITH. Whilelshouldbeverymuch
pleased to oblige the Senator from Maine, I can-
not consent to give my support or vote to a prop-
osition which does such immense injustice to the
entire delegation from the Pacific coast. As has
been well stated by my friend, the Senator from
California, "[Mr. Latiiam,] there are abundant
considerations why this question of mileage in
regard to members fiom that coast should not bo
touched, and particularly at this time. Hereto-
fore, the mileage was paid in gold; that was the
currency of the country; that was worth par all
over the country; but in the present embarrassed
condition of ourfmances, the money in which we
are now paid is only worth about fifty per cent,
on that coast. As I stated during the last session,
1 was obliged to bring my family here, and it cost
me $3)000 in gold. To obtain that amount of gold
now, would take $6,000 in the currency of the
country; in other words, it would take the entire
mileage of one Congress for a man who has a fam-
ily of the size of mine to come to this place, and
leave me nothing to return with.
This proposition is unfair in mat^y respects. I
do not conceive that the mileage is merely intended
as a compensation for the distance a man travels,
but it is a compensation for the inconvenience
which he undergoes by reason of being separated
from his family ancj fiom his business; and it ne-
cessarily involves submitting to those inconven-
iencesor bringing his family with him. It amounts
to this: if you adopt the report of the committee
of conference you practically disfranchise the peo-
ple of that coast from representation upon this
floor and in the other House. There may be gen-
tlemen who would be willing to come here for the
honor of the thing; but the pecuniary condition
of most of our people is such that they would not
desire it. It is true, this is a matter very personal
to myself, but I deem it my duty to make my
protest against the adoption of the report for my
colleague and myself, as well as for those who
are to come after us.
There is another very great injustice in this
proposition. It fixes a stated compensation for
mcmbeis from that coast. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia and myself may start both together to-
morrow; when he gets to his home he is entitled
to his $1,500 compensation for his return, but I
have more than a thousand miles to travel beyond
his home, and I get the same. Is there any jus-
tice in that sort of legislation, paying him a cer-
tain compensation for going to one point, and then
establishing the principle that 1 shall receive
nothing for going to a point further beyond his
residence than the majonty of the members of
Congress travel to come here ? The man who un-
dertakes to go to or return from that coast prac-
tically takes his life m his hand by either route.
He passes through the tropics, if he goes by water,
crosses the Isthmus m the malarious climate of
Central America. It is a voyage always fraught
with danger. It cost our first Delegate from Ore-
gon his life; and, as the Senator from California
has stated, it cost one of the Senators from that
State his life.on his return. But few people make
that trip without suffering from the change of cli-
mate, and from the malaria incident to the Isth-
mus. Then there is the danger of shipwreck, be-
ing lost at sea, vessels burning up, being beached
and destroyed. Few men have ever made the
passage without having undeigone this sort of
danger. You now propose to pay a man forty
cents a mile up to the amount of $1,000, who trav-
els from here to any portion of the Union on this
side, a trip which he can make in at least forty-
eighthours. For that you pay him $1,000. A
man cannot possibly make the trip to our coast
in less than thirty days, and you propose to give
three times that compensation when the dangers,
