158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
placc in that instrument where any clause is in-
serted; for it is known to all that after the Con-
stitution was agreed upon in convention, a com-
mittee was appointed on style and arrangement,
(See Elliot's Debates, 295.) Their duties were to
arrange the articles and revise the*style. Their
arrangement was perhaps as good as any other,
but they in almost every article and section brought
together provisions on different subjects and per-
taining to different departments of the General
Government.
The habeas corpus clause was introduced by
Gouverneur Morris, and adopted by the conven-
tion as an amendment to and part of the fourth
section of the eleventh article of the Constitution.
(See Elliot's Debates, 22!).) That section had ref-
erence solely to the judicial power of the United
States; so that if the argument drawn from mere
position is good for anything, it would prove that
this power is to be exercised by the judiciary,
because it originally occurred in a section regu-
lating the power of the judiciary. No one believes
that. That proposition would involve the absurd-
ity of requiring a judge to issue a writ for the pur-
pose of disobeying it himself.
The history of the action of the Federal con-
vention on the subject of the habeas corpus clause
shows to my mind, most conclusively, that the
convention did not grant and did not. intend to
grant to Congress the power to suspend the privi-
lege of the writ. We find from Elliot's Debates
that the shape in which this matter was first pre-
sented to the convention by General Pmckney
was this:
u The Legislature fhall pa*s no law on tho subject of ic-
licjioi), nor touching nor abiidgmg the hbeitv ol the pret^,
nor shall the ptivilcge of habeas corpus ever boabud^ed, cx-
cfptm ease of icbejlion oi invasion."
Again, General Pinckney moved in convention
the following:
11 The privilege*? and benefits of the writ of habeas corpus
shall be enjoyed m thn Government in the most expedi-
tion1* manner,undshnll not ho suspended by the Legislature
except on the most urgent occasions and lbi a limited time."
In both of these clauses it will be seen that the
word u legislature" was used. Both these prop-
ositions failed, and the clause as it now stands was
inserted, in which no reference is made to Congi ess
or the Legislature; and gentlemen still contend that
this power is conferred upon Congress. The con-
vention refused to confer this power upon Congress
when the proposition was plainly presented; and
do you suppose they intended by their silence to
do that which they had positively refused to do
by their votes?
There is another class of arguments based upon
the analogy of the British constitution to our own.
These arguments, although plausible and specious,
are nevertheless fallacious. We are told, first, that
we derive our laws and institutions mainly from
England; that the writ of habeas corpus ad subji-
ciendum was a well-known English writ, and that
the framers of the Constitution had that writ in
view when the clause under discussion was placed
in the Constitution. So far this doubtless is all
true. Then we are further told that m England
the king cannot suspend the benefit of the wnt;
and therefore the President cannot do it here. We
are further told that in England Parliament alone
can suspend the privileges of the writ; and there-
fore Congress alone can suspend the writ here.
This argument would be woith something if the
rewritten constitution of England conferred prc-
uscly the same powers and enjoined precisely the
same duties upon the king that our written Con-
stitution confersjon our President, and if the pow-
ers and duties of the British Paihament and the
Am< ncan Congress were the same; but su'-h is
not the case. So far from identity, there js scarcely
a single point of resemblance. It is not now ne-
cessary to enlarge upon this diversity. If the
framets of the Constitution had conferred upon
the President all the vast and varied powers of the
king of Great Britain, they might have well hes-
itated to confer this additional power: but inas-
mucn as they limited the duration of his office,
and defined his duties and powers, leaving but
siuihr margin for discretion or aouse in either, I
see no danger in giving to him this authority; and
fi'un the nature of his oath, and the duties of his
office, and other poweis conferred upon him, I
infei I hat this power was also conferred. His oath
r-qjh -s him to preserve, protect, and defend the
Constitution. This he swears to do; and they must
have given to him power to redeem his pledge.
The suspension of the privileges of the writ of
habeas corpus may be the most effective way pos-
sible in which the President can fulfill his oath of
office; nay, more, under certain circumstances it
may be the only way. It is his sacred and im-
perative duty to take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed. In order to do this effectually,
he must possess the power contended for.
But, Mr. President, let us take another view of
this matter. The President is a coordinate branch
of the General Government, and within the sphere
of his powers ho is alike independent of Congress
and the judiciary, the sole judge of his own pow-
ers, accountable only to God and the people. Any
other construction would destroy the harmony of
the Constitution, and the dignity and independence
of the Executive. The President takes an oath to
preserve the Constitution,and to faith fully perform
the duties of his office. The first, highest, most
sacred, most imperative duty which he owes to
the country is to suppress the present most cause-
less and terrible rebellion. In the discharge of
that duty he has already suspended the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus, believing that he had
full power to do so. And had he not a sufficient
reason for his belief? He had taken the opinion
of the Attorney General on the subject, had doubt-
less read the opinions of the other eminent citizens
and distinguished lawyers to whom I have re-
ferred. And after all, sir, there was nothing so
very wrong in the declaration of General Jackson,
that his oath bound him to suppoi I the Constitu-
tion as he understood it. All must obey the Con-
stitution in that light, and can obey it in no other.
The oath of office binds the conscience of the
President, and does not act upon the conscience
of another.
Gentlemen speak of the President's usurpation
of authority. The Constitution authorizes the
suspension of the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus, without saying in express terms who shall
exercise that authority. The President has done
it. It is an accomplished fact, and cannot bcun-
done. Suppose we now say that, in our opinion,
the authority is given to Congress, can we change
his convictions of duty or control his actions?
Such a course will only bring about a conflict of
authority between Congress and the President,
and weaken the power of both. Let us strengthen
the national arm now raised to crush this mighty
rebellion. This is no time to raise issues with the
President upon doubtful points, to quibble over
technicalities and forms. Let us bend ourmightiest
energies to the prosecution of this great work, the
maintenance of the Union. We have no strength
to waste in idle disputesmthishour of the nation's
extromest peril.
Having disposed of the power of the President
to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas cor-
pus, I now come to his power to make military
arrest's. The power of the President to use mili-
tary force to make arrests to aid in putting down
insuirection or rebellion has been decided by the
Supreme Court in the case of Martin Luther vs.
Captain Child and others, reported in 7 How-
ard's Reports, 44—a case growing out of the Dorr
rebellion. The acts of 1795 and 1807 expressly
authorize these arrests, but do not more than re-
affirm authority already granted in the Constitu-
tion of the United States. Those acts place the
military force at his disposal for the suppression
of rebi llion,giving him full discretion as to when
and how he would use thatforcc. In my opinion,
he has the same right to use the military force to
| arrest a traitor or a rebel sympathizer in the North
!j as he has to use the military force to crush a rebel
'i in aims against the Government. It is left to his
■ j dis. ictioii, and when the discretion is exercised,
| and honestly exercised, it is the subject of no su-
it pervinon or control by any other depaitment of
i; the Government.
jj I argue, Mien, this right to make these military
arrests, not only from the powers directly con-
! ferred and dunes enjoined in the Constitution of
the United States, but I argue the existence of the
: power fiom the great right of self-preservation,
! the great law of self-defense, known and rocov-
, nized everywhere. If it were written m no law
. book, if it were placed in no constitution, it is
placed by the finger of God upon every human
|j heart as a condition of our individual and our
) national existence. In th* exercise of this richt
j: these ai rests have been made.
i> Now, Mr. President, to fo the individual
cases in which the right to arrest political prison-
ers has been exercised by the President, I shall
speak first of the arrests made in the State of
Delaware, for they have been most loudly com-
plained of and most bitterly denounced; and I
shall proceed to show you that the President had
ample reason to believe that treason existed in the
State of Delaware, that many of her citizens were
disloyal to the Government in this hour of trial.
In approaching the statements and positions of
gentlemen, I shall not transcend the limit of per-
sonal courtesy or parliamentary decorum. I have
nothing to do with the motives of Senators upon
this floor or citizens of Delaware. Their motives
are left to the adjudication of a higher power. I
appeal to facts known of all men, recorded facts,
which will not and cannot be disputed.
Sir, what was the condition of affairs in Dela-
ware at the time when these firstarrests were made?
I pioceed to show you, from the journals of the
House of Representatives of Delaware, what was
the action of the constituted authorities of that
State. I read first, from the Plouse journal of the
session of 1861, an extract from the message of
the Governor of the State, in which this remark-
able clause appears:
" It is the desire of Hon. II. Dickinson to address you
in reference to his duty a> commissioner it is with you
to detcimine whethci you wili agree to hi« piopoMtion or
not. In my opinion, it is due to him and !n< State that he
should be heard. It is unnecessary that 1 should repeat
the causes that have brought the gentleman tiom our sister
States to comer with ib, and I onlv t-ugce>t it as a forebod-
ing of the calamities awaiting us in the tutuie, unless some
speedy action he taken to aire^t the cause.-. and check the
fui ther spiead of the- ficrce spmt of dissolution ; and I think
it incumbent upon every State of this Confedemey to use
all means in lier powei to accomplish that object. They
have, so fau failed to avail anything through their Repre-
sentatives m Congress, and the people, in thcii sovereign
power, are now looked to to discharge this imnoitant tui^l.
i therefore recommend the calling of a State convention, for
the people of this State to decide upon what course they
will pursue."
Recommending to the people of Delaware pre-
cisely what had taken place m all the seceded
States; inviting them to take the first step in that
pathway that has led to all the horrors of seces-
sion and rebellion. Why the necessity of calling
a State convention at this particular juncture of
affairs? Sir, it was because Georgia, Mississippi,
and Alabama had sent their accredited agents to
the Governors of all the slave States. Was it
proper in the Governor of a sovereign State to lis-
ten to these overtures of treason, and recommend
to the Legislatuie that these ministers of secusion
andapos lesof treason should be heard before the
Legislature of Delaware? But it stops not here.
The Legislature of Delaware, as will be seen by
reference to another portion of the same journal,
passed a resolution inviting these emissaries of
treason to appear before the Legislature, and to
poison public sentiment in the State of Delaware.
Then, we have the action of the Governor and the
action of the Legislature going to show, as I think,
conclusively, their want of fidelity to the General
Government. The distinguished Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Salisbury,] the other day, put
this interrogatory to my colleague:
"1 a<k the Senator fiom Indiana this question: can he
point to an instance m the hi«torv of tup Statu of Delau are,
from the oigaiuzation of the Government to the present
time, when there ha«* been any resistance to tli^  execution
of a Fede.ia! law in that State, in any attempt on the part
of any portion of the peopl" of that State to subvert thi&
Government?"
My colleague did not answer. I answer for
him. " Out of thine own mouth will I condemn
thee." Here are the records of the Legislature^
the Senator's State inviting traitorous commis-
sioners to appear before that Legislature, and here
is the message of the Governor Recommending the
calling of a convention to decide the question of
loyalty and fidelity to theConsutution of the United
States. The Senator from Delaware is doubtless
much more familiar with the history of his own
State than I am; yet en her he or myself has won-
derfully mistaken the character of that history.
Air. SAULSHUUV. Will the Senator from 1 n-
diana allow me to make a suggestion5 I see that
he has the journal of the Hou^e of Representa-
tives of the State of Delaware before him showing,
as he says, that they invited Mr. Dickinson to
appearand address that body. Will he please
follow up the reading of that, by reading also the
resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State
of Delaware r Mi. Dickinson had concluded
his address.
