1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. T have always found,
Mr. President, in ptacticing law, that I had quite
enough to do to attend to my own side of the case.
Delaware has an able advocate, and he will doubt-
less read anything that may be urged in her defense.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator was reading
from the record; I wanted the whole record.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I read from the record,
and I will give you more of it. That was the in-
cipient step which the authorities of the State of
Delaware took to inaugurate rebellion there; and
there is a singular coincidence showing that these
men were operating upon precisely the same plan
in ail the slave States. Precisely the same plan
and programme was attempted to be earned out in
Delaware that was carried out in the other States
—1 mean at its inception; they did not consum-
mate it, to be sure.
Now, sir, I should like to show you, if I had
time, the character of the credentials which these
apostles of treason brought to Delaware. One of
try for more than three quarters of a century. Yet
that resolution was voted down by the Delaware
Legislature.
" Resolved, That now, as heretofore, the State of Dela-
ware will sustain the Government of the United Suites; and
she believe- that the only mode of bunging piosent peace
and future pto*perity to the countrv id by'the speedy and
effectual snppie^ion of lite icbellioh, thus manifesting the
powei of the Government in the preservation of the Union,
the maintenance of the Constitution, and the impaitial and
firm enforcement of the Jaws."
Is there anything in that resolution to which
any loyal man will or can take exception? Yet
that is one of the series of resolutions that wore
voted down by the Delaware Legislature.
" Revohed, That in the execution of this iik'h'^t trust
devolved upon the Government, the people of the StAto of
Delawaie are not di>possf\I eaptiou-Iy to criticise its meas-
mes oi to re>tiict its authoiitjV
In the language of this resolution, the people
of Delaware rue not disposed captiously to cuti-
cise its measures or to restrict us authority. I
them commenced by saying that, whereas a Black j] gentlemen here to say whether the Senators
Republican President had been selected, therefore * 'A    
it was necessary for the people of the South to
rally in defense of southern institutions. Lan-
guage the most arrogant, the most supercilious,
the most insulting to be addressed to any people,
was addressed to the Legislature of Delaware
when these men craved the privilege of being per-
mitted to spread broadcast their treason before the
people of Delaware through that Legislature.
Sir, there is another little incident in these jour-
nals, small in itself, yet, taken in the connection,
vastly significant. I find here a proposition to
purchase a State floi; for the State of Delaware.
Heretofore, ] suppose, they had been content to
sit in their deliberations under the shadow of that
noble flag which represented the grandeur and
glory and unity of the proudest Republic upon
earth. That flag, which had swept, tribute free,
nlongthe shores of every country tinder the whole
heavens, was to be supplanted by the flag of the
State of Delaware ! The proposition was intro-
duced; passed, I believe, one branch of the Dela-
ware Legislature, but failed in the other.
So much affirmatively. Now let us look to the
negative evidence afforded by the action of the
Delaware Legislature. Union resolutions were
voted down by that Legislature, a portion of which
resolutions were almost in the woulsof the Father
of his Countiy. Let us see what evidence of un-
limited loyalty is affoided by voting down those
resolutions. I read from the journal:
"A motion vva« made to take up the joint ie<.olution de-
claims; the adheienee of the JSiate of DoJawaic to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, winch motion ptevialed."
Then comes the vote in the House of Repre-
sentatives upon the question of concurring in these
resolutions:
"The vea^ and nav* wcie oidered; which, being taken, [
were follow-.—veus 10, nay-, 11. ' j
'"So the vote lailed.*' !
Now, f wish to get at precisely the character of !
these resolutions. I will read them; and if there j
is a loyal man on God's green earth who will dis- j
sent from a single sentiment in the resolutions, I i
should like to see him. [
" Rcsole&U Tli.it the people of Delaware recognize the '
Constitution of tin* United i^utes a> the iMagniUchaitaof !
their libeitie^. and the Union as the sateguaid of their
political existence ; and r^atdmg the Constitution and the ;
form ot government as emanating from, and e>tablj-hed hv, 1
the authority oi the p'-opie of the United State>, with their i
fathers thev hold the duty which the y owe to the State to
be subordinate to their alicgiatice to the United States." i
That resolution was voted down. The infer- ;
ence is that these loyal people of Delaware hold ;
that their State allegiance is superior to their alio- ,'!
giance to the Geneial Government; and that is i
the fatal heresy which has led us to the brink of :
rum; which has inaugurated this whole rebellion. f
That is the grand central idea, around which all 1
the lesser lights and suns of sedition have icvolved '
from the days of Thorm>s Jefferson to the pres- '
ent hour. The Delaware Legislature, however, 1
held that their allegiance to the State was para- j
mount to their allegiance to the General Govern- '!
ment. But furthei more: ;
"ResolveJ, That tin lamentable «trite that now afflicts ]
the < mintsy l\i- !> ,i tor. cd on the nation hv the unju-tih- ] •
able aetj rn tno>" wSm |,avc long eon-p'tvd it- d-'\-t. netiori, !
and who h\ open r'lx'ihoii are now ^TiVin; t" ov •nhi.Av
inf Government !h uh.cbu. |j uelvcn p-ou ''t' J i:i ' in'
pa&t. unci to vvlueh w«> :-imie'i>ok :<u ssaiV'v 4,i tii.* folie' "
That is a sc-If-evidom 'ruth, a final truth, a tru'h ;j
of history proven by the experience of th« cmn~ d
fiom Delaware are in accordance with the people
of Delaware upon that subject:
u They have faith in its exposed determination to sup-
press ihu-unholy ieh"lhon ; aiul recognizing the umhair.u-.s-
ments by which if is suuoundcd. they only abk that, con-
fining it>clf to legitimate oh|cetx, it shall, at whatever co.-n,
preherve the integutyof the Union and the bupiemacy ol the
national flag *'
That resolution went by the board with the
others. Then follows a resolution that copies of
these resolutions be sent to the different Govern-
ors. Now, sir, had not the President a right to
infer that traitors might possibly breathe the air
of Delaware, when he found her Governor rec-
ommending a State convention, and one House of
her Legislature proposing a State llag to supplant
the national flag; one House of her Legislature
voting down Union resolutions dmwn in strongly
coiu-ei \ative language ? Under these circumstances
had lie not a right to infer a «fnte of tilings in Del-
aware justifying military ai rests? Ihit there are
other passages in these journals to which I do not
now think proper to refer, and I shall not fatigue
the Senate by doing so; there is other evidence
contained in these journals, equally strong with
what i have read, showing th^ true standing and
condition of flu1 Legislature of Delaware.
Hut, mi , to come down to individual cases—the
<"as,*« about whu'h we havehemd so much during
the last few weeks of our pension—I have before
me, on page 1934 of Pari III of the Congressional
Glob-- of the Hst session, a statement from a
distinguished citizen of Delaware, long known,
trusted, and tried. a faithful, loyal public servant,
m which he disposes of twenty ariests that had
then been mad'1 m the Slate "of Delaware, and
shows that th<j President had abundant ground
for every single arrest that he had mode. Some
of the pai ties arrested had f-houtedfeu Jeff Davis;
some had said they were in favor of the reb( Ihon;
some had openly gloried over'lie defeat of our;
aims at the first battle of Bull Bun; some hod !
ignommioiisly torn the national flag from the
flagstaff, and trampled it under foot in the public ,
streets of one of the towns <>f D-Jawaro. Tlu'se '
are some of the hlc-'-ed niartvrs of presidential
usurpation find oppiestuonl They are not, I "io-
prehend, such martyrs as those whose; Mood is ■
said to be the seed of the Chuich. If they are ;
the seed of any church, it will be the seed of the 1
rebellion—the church constituted by Jeff Davis
and his coconspirators
I shall not fd'i°ue the Senate by rending the '
record m the case of all rla ce military am fits m
the State of Delaware. 1 understand", however,
that no single citizen haslven arrest d except upon
a:nda\ it charging probable cause. liow that may
be, I know not—L have eo means of knowing—but
I believe it to be so u(>on v/hat I eonsidei to be
good and reliable authoiity.
So much for the of the people of D.lo- 1
ware, who, the Senator tolls us, have never at any
tone done nny >,■ : 'oi'.uiaUd to subvert the Gent ral
Government, if th« s" acts ate not calculoted to
subvert t!u- Gem ral Government, 1 am at a loss
to imogi-ii- ,;ny a"rs w he i: would subvert it, short
of opf,n end direet w:u; ir.- up-m the Imtfle-field.
Thev wen' <• dctd.'teti io d^inoralize and divide
pub!;'' opinion. g<*t up anarry m tie- Noi th onanist
Go\-aliment, .ind in iUvuroi tin' rel« Ilion. !So
mu<iii for tiie S.ate of i)<>lawar;.
What was the condition of the State'of Mary-
land? It is known to ail. 1 shall not fccapitul&to t
what was the condition of things in Maryland. It
is known, however, that the troops of the na-
tional Government, in their march to the defense
of the capital, were beset by a mob, and murdered
in the streets of Baltimore. It is known, or be-
lieved very generally, that the Legislature of Ma-
ryland was in sympathy with the rebellion, and
desired to carry that State into the southern con-
federacy. It is known that the public property
was threatened, that the bridges were burned,and
communication cut off between our armies and
their supplies. These things were known, and
certain citizens of Maryland were arrested, and,!
doubt not, properly arrested. Some of them, I be-
lieve, had gone so far as to send in advance tele-
graphicdispatchos to their coconspirators,tosend
forces to defend Maryland against this incursion
of the northern hordes.
I believe that the President was fully justifiable
in these arrests. That he may have made mis-
takes, and perhaps did in mahy instances, I doubt
not; but these mistakes are inseparable from the
imperfection of human institutions and human
nature, if wc do anything, we at every step are
liable to fall into error. All that we have to in-
quire about now is constitutional authority and
| conscientious conviction of duty. 'Where these
| concur, the act of the President is right, even
though the liberty of a single citizen maybe cloven
down. His effort was to save the liberties of
thirty million people. In order to do that, it may
have been necessary, perhaps, to strike down the
liberty of one single individual. What is the life
or the liberty of one individual when you are
expending a thousand million dollars per annum,
and when you have lost, by sickness and disease,
and the casualties of the battle-field, more than
fifty thousand citizens within the last eighteen
months? I believe, then, that the President has con-
stitutional authority; that he acted from a conscien-
tious conviction of duty and from probable cause;
ond that the arrests are legal, under the warrant
of the Constitution and under the acts of 1795
an 1807.
Now, let us go for a moment to the arrests which
have been made in the State of Kentucky. Tha
distinguished Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Pow-
ell] characterizes those arrests as acts of usurpa-
tion and oppression, in direct violation of the Con-
Mtitution, and dangerous to the public liberties.
Who are the men who were arrested in the State of
Kentucky, and under what circumstances? With
a disloyal Governor, as was generally believed, in
sympathy with the rebellion; with adisloyal Le-
gislature, ready to carry the State into the confed-
eracy; with many of her most gifted and distin-
guished sonsalready in the ranks of therebelarmy,
and many pieparing to leave that Common wealth
to join the rebel army, certain arrests were made in
Kentucky, the most prominent of which was the
arrest of Charles S. JVlorehead, nowan emissary
of treason to the courts of Europe, denouncing
the Government which has protected him, and tho
Constitution which, in the presence of God and
man, he has again and again sworn to support.
There is one oi the blessed martyrs to Lincoln's
usmpation and oppression!
But the distinguished Senator from Kentucky
says that peihaps six hundred of the citizens of
Kentucky have, fust and last, been restrained of
their liberty by these military arrests. Has the
distinguished Senator from Kentucky ever thought
io hons'df how many of the citizens of Kentucky,
loyal and true, have been slaughteied by the enemy
upon the battle-field, or led into captivity worse
than death ? Wink denouncing the Administration
for an unauthorized exercise of authority, has he
ever leflected upon the raid of Morgan, of Bragg,
and of Hacklier, which carried desolation over the
fair fields of Kentucky, with robbery, minder,
plunder, arson, treason, and all the damning crimes
in the catalogue of human crime, darkening upon
the skirts of the rebellion ? We hear from him no
word of denunciation of these acts!
Let the fhsun^uished Senator from Kentucky
take another instance, which appeals to my heart,
which lives in my memory. 1 allude to the case
<>f Colonel SudduUi, of Bath count) . Kentucky, a
Union man who had been instrumental in raising
Union troops and m carrying Union guns to the
State of Kentucky—an old man, gray haired, al-
most seventy years of age, mild and* gentle as a
child, y<,t brave as a lion. He was driven from
his home, and when he returned his first act waa
