160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
to call Uis fellow-citizens together and speak to
them in reference to the great crisis now uponus.
At night, he retired to his house. During the night,
thatliouse was surrounded by fifty guerrillas. He
was called out and shot down in cold blood upon
his own threshold and at his own hearth, but he
died " with his face to the foe and his back to the
field." Before his'death, he shot their lieutenant,
he mortally wounded one and seriously wounded
another of the attacking party. He died in de-
fense of the Constitution and flag he loved so well;
and what was his crime? Simply that he loved
the Constitution under which he lived; that he
loved his country and all the glorious memories
surrounding the country. I found a home when
an orphan boy in that man's house—a friend
and a kinsman. There is a theme drawn from the
Senator's own Kentucky, worthy of the kindness
of his heart and the eloquence of his tongue. It
may be a mere matter of taste, but for my part 1
would rather hear eulogies delivered on the mar-
tyred dead of the Union Army, and upon the ef-
forts of the Government to suppress rebellion, than
this continual charge of usurpation and violation
of the Constitution.
So much, Mr. President, for the arrests in the
State of Kentucky. I say nothing in unkmdness
in speaking of the State of Ivcntucky. These
things are said "more in sorrow than in anger,"
for [ know the past history of Kentucky, her
devotion to the Union, her bravery upon the
battle-field. Every battle-field during the war of
1812, from Lake Erie to New Orleans, bore wit-
ness to her gallantry. Her volunteer soldiery
made the very crystal waves of Lake Erie blush
red for the honor of the British name. I remem-
ber how that fearless oratorandstatesman,Henry
Clay, rallied the volunteers of Kentucky upon
the heights of Geoigetown, and how nobly rang
out the battle cry of " free trade and sailors'
rights." 1 have listened for the same grand utter-
ances worthy of Clay, and worthy of Kentucky,
from her present leadeia, but so far I have listened
in vain. I say nothing as to the motives of gen-
tlemen. Their patriotism id doubtless true, and
shall certainly go unquestioned by me at least. 1
speak only of the position of Governor Magoffin
and that Legislature who I believe were in sympa-
thy, if not in direct complicity with the rebellion.
Under these circumstances, Mr. President, ar-
rests have been made; and a warfare, bitter and
unrelenting in its character, systematic in its con-
duct, commenced among the people, has been
traosfened to both Houses of Congress, and, in-
stead of bending our enei gies to the suppression of
the rebellion, we are engaged in criticising the acts
of the President, and in paralyzing the national
arm in this hour of difficulty. Hut, sir, the coun-
ti y will withstand these assaults, and the Presi-
dent will withstand them. He stands erect m the
conscious honesty of his purpose, the purity of
his intention, the loftiness of his patriotism, and
he will stand us the gtanite cliff repels and beats
Wk the wild waves of tlfe ocean. So far, the
Piesidcut, if he has erred at all, has erred upon
th<- side of mercy.
I wish now for a few moments to show you
that there is no instance in the whole history of
the world where a rebellion has been dealt with
wiih so much leniency and so much clemency.
1 shall speak first of the rebellion in India. Dur-
ing the rebellion of 1857 and 1858, on the 7th of
July, two men were shot, and one blown fioni the
mouth ofacannon. On the 23d of July, three weio
ohotaftcr having been tried by a di-im-head court-
mariiul upon the battle-field. On the 20th of No-
vember, seventy-six men were shot at once. On
the 23d of November, nineteen prisoners, in charge
of a guai d, were slaughtered in cold blood, because
the officer said he needed the services of the guard
;n the field. On the 30th of November, thtec pris-
oners were blown from the mouths of cannon, and
twenty-three were shot by musketry. On the 19th
of December, one hundted and forty-five wete shot
at one volley. On the 2d of May, 185S, live hun-
dred rebels were collected in a fort atPounta, and
the gates were "Mown open and every one killed.
During the Polish rebellion, the p\mison of
Modi in and Zamose capitulated with an assur-
ance of full amnesty to every person within the
ramparts, but all the Volhynians and Podohans,
with shaven heads and branded with numbers,
were sent to the Siberian mines.
I allude to the treatment of the rebels in India
to show the hypocritical cant of the statesmen and
press of Great Britain proposing to interfere here
in the cause of humanity, for the purpose of end-
ing this war. I propose to refer to some other pas-
sages in English history, to show how they have
attempted to suppress rebellions in Ireland and in
Scotland.
Among those executed during the Irish rebel-
lion of 1798 were Henry and John Sheares, John
McCann, Michael W. Byrne, Philip Roach, B. B.
Harvey, Cornelius Groghan, John Henry Col-
clough, Edmund Ryon, John Ivelley>John Red-
mond, Anthony Perry, Robert Emmet, and Lord
Edward Fitzgerald. On the 30th of March, mar-
tial law was proclaimed throughout all Iieland,
and the Lord Lieutenant issued his proclamation
that his Majesty's general officers had orders to
punish according to martial law, by death or oth-
erwise, as their judgment should approve, all per-
sons acting or in any manner assisting in the. re-
bellion. Tinder this order, military executions
became the order of the day. Those taken pris-
oners were hanged without ceremony. At the little
town of Cavan fifty-four prisoners were shot, and
at Dunleven thirty-nine were shot. These were
military executions of persons unconnected with
the army—State prisoners. Theie was at that
time a large number of State prisoners confined
at Foil George for three yeais, until peace was
made between England and France.
I could produce the most shocking details of
the manner in which the rebellion of 1745 ni favor
of the Pretender was put down in Scotland; and
it is perhaps necessary to lead a very short ex-
tract from Chambers's Scottish History on that
subject:
"A period of rapine and massacre now on«ued, upon
whose details we would willingly t-hut our eyes, but which
the duty of an historian compels u-', however reluctantly,
to teeord. Thcjrcneial outline of the devastation, as given
in the heartless publications of the day, was simply, that
strong parties of soldiers, being dispatched into the coun-
ties of the various itiMugcm chiefs, burnt all the houses,
earned off all the cattle, and sdiot every male inhabitant
who fled at their appioach. But the tilling up of this dread-
ful pictuie rumpuses a thousand horrors."
Thus it is that other Governments have dealt
with rebellions—rebellions not so dangerous, not
so serious in their character as the rebellion which
threatens the existence of this country. Another
fact I learn from history—that in the suppression
of rebellions in other countries, there is no single
instance in which the Government has not called
to its aid every description of persons and every
possible destructive, agency known to civilized
warfare for the purpose of putting down the re-
bellion. I use that in answer to the imputation
upon the Republican party that, they are willing
to use slaves in the supression of this rebellion.
I have no concealment upon that or any other
subject. I desire to speak out precisely what 1
as an honest man do believe. I believe that as
yet there is no necessity for the employment of
negroes for the purpose of suppressing the rebel-
lion; but if the necessity shall exist hereafter, we
have a perfect right to employ their services; nay,
more, it will be our bounden duty to do so. I
would rather that a rebel master should fall by the
hand of his slave than that he should live to over-
throw my Government, or to destroy the life of
mybrother upon the battle-field. Gentlemen who
are so fastidious in reference to the means which
it is proper to employ for the purpose of putting
rebels out of existence, it seems to me are hardly
mearncst in wishing them destroyed at all. 1 am
willing to employ any agency—the white man, the
negro, the cannon, the musket—I would invoke, if
it were not impious, any power in God \s physical
univeise. I would blast them with lightning; I
would rain upon them the showersoffneand brim-
stone for which they are now as ready as Sodom
and Gomorrah were in the olden time. [Applause
in the galleries,]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the <-hair.) Order!
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. But, Mr. President,
I have perhapsdwelt at sufficient length upon those
arrests and their nature. I come now to another,
to me somewhat interesting, branch of this discus-
sion, and that is the recent elections in the North
and Northwest, and particularly the election in my
own State.
The distinguished Senator from Kentuckyjias
characterized these elections as one of the most
glorious moral triumphs which has ever been
achieved. Now, sir, what elements enter into the
constitution of a glorious triumph ? First, I sup-
pose, the agents by whom the triumph is achieved;
secondly, the means resorted to; and thirdly,the
results. Now, I propose to show that there is no
single element constituting this a glorious triumph.
I will show you that it was consummated by
fraud ; that it was " conceived in sin and brought
forth in iniquity;" that the most monstrous frauds
upon the ballot-box were perpetrated—frauds
which have no parallel in the history of the coun-
try, except in the Kansas election case, where the
Cincinnati Diiectory was voted alphabetically at
the polls—and which were almost equal to that^
That is the " moral triumph1" that was achieved-
in the State of Indiana; and how achieved ? In
order tn know precisely what was meant by that
election, and what is its deep significance in the
country, let us go back to the time when the party
was organized who we are told triumphed, and
look to their platform of the Sth of January, 1862.
Seventeen resolutions were introduced in their
convention, and eleven of those lesolutions com-
prise simply denunciations of the President. They
took up every single act that he had performed
for the purpose of supporting the Government and
putting down the rebellion, and denounced them
seriatim. Fiiends of the Union, yet denouncing
every single measute which he had resorted to for
the preservation of the Union ! Friends of the
Union, yet invoking the very power of the Consti-
tution to destroy the Constitution itself!
Now, sir, what were some of the beauties of
that platform upon which this grand " moral tri-
umph'* was achieved? One resolution from that
convention puipoited toindorse and ratifyand set
out the resolution of Mr. Crittenden at the ex-
tra session, leaving out a part of that resolution,
which 1 shall present to vindicate the truth of his-
tory. Mr. Crittenden's resolution,asintroduced
and passed, contained this clause:
"That the present civil war has been forced upon the
countij by the disuiuoniots of the southern States, now in
revolt against the General Government, and in aims mound
the capital.'5
That is the declaration of Mr. Crittenden's
resolution. When thatresoluuon wasmtioduced
into the House of Representatives, Mi. Burnett,
of Kentucky, moved to strike out this first clause.
Mr. Reid, of Missomi, voted with him. No other
votes in Congress were with them. Burnett and
Reid are now secessionists, now in the secession
army. Butnett proposed to strike this clause of
the i csolutiou out, ;md failed to accomplish it m a
patriotic House of Representatives; but when this
Sth of January con\ention assembled, they struck
it out without ceiemony, and pretended to pass
the Crittenden resolution without any reference
to the cause of the lebellion, without any denun-
ciation upon the guilty authors of the rebellion.
Is it not a strange coincidence that a Democratic
convention should succeed in doing precisely what
a rebel traitor attempted to do, and only one sin-
gle man voted with him?
There is another strange thing connected with
that platform upon which this great moral triumph
was achieved. After going on to show that the
President had violated his oath of office, had
usurped authority, had oppressed citizens, that he
had not conducted this war under the Constitu-
tion for the preservation of the Constitution, they
resolved, not that they are in favor of a vigoious
prosecution of this war—far fi om it, but that they
are in favor of a vigorous prosecution of a war
waged under the Constitution fo1'certain purposes.
They tell us that there is no uiffeience in the ap-
plication of these two little articles, the and a. I
recollect in the eaily history of my practice as a
lawyer, that a man came to grief by the misappli-
cation of these two articles."" Instead of taking Me
horse which belonged to himself", he tookd horse
which belonged to his neighboi, and the peniten-
tiary was the result. [Laughter.] The proper
application of these little articles makes much dif-
ference. The whole tone and tempet of that plat-
form is kindred with the tone and temper which
has charactei ir.ed the war upon the Administra-
tion ourmg the present session of Congress.
Sjr, I come now to this great achievement, this
great moral Democratic triumph, and I will first
show you that there is no element of glory m it;
and then 1 will show you that there is no element
of morality m it; and then I shall leave you to in-
fer that the distinguished Senator from Kentucky
