THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Seventh Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1862.
New Series.....No. 11.
was wonderfully at fault in the application of his
high-sounding terms. How was the result ac-
complished? I shall read from the records, offi-
cial documents embodied in the report of the State
central committee of the Union party of Indiana,
and now on file in the office of the draft commis-
sioners of that State; and no man can gainsay a
single statement of this paper:
"The statistics bete presented will show that the great
ma>s of our biave soldiers are with the Union patty m sen-
timent and actionj and that notwithstanding their absence
iroai the State, that party is. vet numerically m eater at home
than the patty claiming to be ^uecesbful. Jt will also be
shown that the alleged number of votes polled was 17,804
greater than the actual number of voters in the State, and
that in fifty-seven counties the Democratic vote N gieater
than it was for Governor in 1860, although irom those same
counties theie weie C>6>y7o volunteers in the t-eivice at the
time ot the election."
I ask you to listen to the proof of that fact, for
we have proof which approximates almost to cer-
tainty as to the exact number of our voters. The
vote cast was nearly eighteen thousant} more than
the number of voters in the State:
'• Jt will also be shown tliat although there were 62,000
votoirf out of the State at the late election, yet the Demo-
cratic vote was laiger at that election than it was at the
election lor Governor in 1800. The first question to be de-
termined i*!, what was the actual numbet of voters within
the State on the day of the election ? The vote of the tetate
foi President m wa« ;23j,43i, and in Ifc'GO it wa^iiT^.L 1J,
being an ineiea-e in tour > eat> of 3u,?l-3j and an annual lti-
ci<\w; of 9_)78. The h;<rii< >t \ot<- evei sjivmi in thf tftate
wa> that m 1K>0 foi i're^iii'nt, 2>.2,M3, to winch, li we add
IS,3jo, the ineiea-e ot voter?; lot two yeais, we have
a.- (lie total nmnbei ot voiets belonging to Indiana in 1^2.
Indiana ha-J y.3,UU voluiiti-eis in Hie f-oiviee, Ii m wlneli
deduct one thud to covet the air^n'irate of minors and vol-
unteers? at home, arid we have (V2.O0O voters out ol theState.
The total numbt r of votes belonging to the State hu< been
shown to be 090,409. fiom wnie<i, u wo deduct the G-J.000
votei-> out ot tile State, we will li$ve 22.-yl93 a< the total
mimbei of voters within tlso State on the day ot the election.
" Tho vote polled at tho late election is as follows : foi
A thou, Demociat, ,9^ ; foi I'eelle, Union, 118,380; inak-
imr a total vote ol 10,363. Thu.i the vote-, polled were
2>lt>,333; while the \\ holt numbet oj' voteis in the State was
208,199, being an e\ce>s of votes owr votei < ol'17.Ht'M. This
excess is fiaiululcnt, and who «ot the beneiu ol the fiand
ma\ be ieudi!y a-eeuaiiu d by ( ompanng the paitv vole- of
1£60 with those ot lfOJ. Tne vote (-1 Athon in iboii.- 1,0U9
more thantiiat ot llenduck^, tlie Dcniociatic candidate for
(Joveinoi liilSOO; while the\oieol' Peelle is 1*\.M0 leisS
than that ol J nine, tin, L'l.jou ean<ji('al e foi Governot.
'• Anothei mode of n-'vu,inn:sg tlx" number ol voters in
the State i^ tins: the total iinhi.a emoiled. between eigh-
teen and forty-five veais ol a?e, is ami the total
number ol volunteer? in the sciviee is 93.'.'11, making an
aggiegate oi\>u2 2~>'t. fiom which deduct 8U,0GU. the number
of volunteer^ out oi the Slate, and we have 0:2.'2.V/ a1- the
total numbet of voteis in the Ma,e on ejection da\. This
eoleiilation is based on the estimate tlint tlio-e emolh-d be-
tween the %eai--ot eighteen and tweuty-onc ,uc equal m
number to the motets ovci foiU-five yeats of age. Tiiit>
mode doer- nor admit ol the exaeii.e?^ of the oilier, but the
refill: nneaily the same.
" Having iiiu  shown by the aggregate vote of the Stat",
the i \istem e of a liaudiiient \oie oi 17,6(54 at the late elec-
tion I will now descend to canities, and' confirm thiMO.-ult,
and t-aee inane ithoiigin. It will be impo.--)l)le> in I he
fpnee allotted to this e\ain.nation to umewthe election
in ere-h of the ninety-two eountie-. in the Slate, i am,
then lote, eompelioil to ci'tiline tin.. :-tatement tu a poilton
ot the m. The numb .a reeled v  iil. howevet. be abund-
antly sufficient to estabii-h the po-iiion a.^umed. I s-hull
be<nn with .Alloa r ounty This county gave.jn 1K"G. attue
pnsid.ential eh'eiioii. 4.9-13 \ oies : ,mil in I.-'bO, at the elec-
tion loi J'i esident, iU v.iic-5; Ikinn an increase ni tour
yerus of 9uJ. and an annual iiu.p.^e ol 005 votci.s. The
vote in ]>00 \\ a- o,8')0, to uiu. a. if we ado 4o0. ihe increase
of vote-, for two \ eft w< ha\ e as the total nunihei
of\otei.sbelomrjug to r;ie counl\ m lto2 This county had
volunteers m tnc seivjee a, ou^ptally lepoited ^y the en
roilu'g coniini-Moii''i, to u I icii is to be ailucd "'97,
onntlc d in the fiirt enioKment and bince iepoit«'d, making
tho number of volunteer in the s.-rvieo fioia uSiich
dcdiiet one thn d foi niniois and volunteer at home, and we
liave J,33u vojei^ in the r-eivi<'e Horn this countv. By de-
duefit.gihe J .3u'"> absent vo'ei s irom the 0,30'J votes & belong-
ing tu the foii'iiy. wo have 4.'>91 as the total number of
votei- in the county at the eleetion.
u The vote oi the eouniv at the late election wa^ ac fol-
low- Foi At'iou, , lor i'ueiic, 1,600 : mitkii'i* a total
of r> 'io3 \ ote-; hom \\ Inch if we deduct 4,%t the actual
number ot voters in the county, we have 6G9 as the excels
of VO!"- <iVe| voters.
" Vv ho had the benefit of thi^ exoe?^ may tint" be «een :
Athon Demociat, in js;>0 iceeives 3,^13 votes, while Hen-
dricks. Democrat, in 1K30 icceivcd onh-0,81.") vote-; thus
1h'' Demoe'.uic vore in a county that ha- i.9.1s volunteers in
the -fi vice is iiO-'s nioie in I8G0. m the Jilw_*nee tif these vol-
unf < is, than it was in I860, when they were all at homo,
and the Democratic ni^jonty of o.)8 m 1SG0 i-, swelled to
2 013iu I860.'5
Will any man conversant with elections and
11
with the ratio of increase of our population in the
western States, contend that that was u fair and
honest vote ? The chairman of our central com-
mittee continues:
"Jn the county given above, I have shown the mode
ad opted to ascertain the facts. Space wili not allow of sim-
ilar detail in other counties. I shall, therefoie, only give
the iCMdts as found by the same mode of computation.
"In Jennings county, the excess of votes is T'-IU; and al-
though the county has 1,483 volunteers in the service, yet
the vote of Athon exceeds that of Ilendncks 38o; and the
Union majoiitv in 18G0 is 600 Icps than it was in JSG0.
" In Johnson eotmt\, the e\ee^ of votes is 397; and the
Democratic majoiity is increased 030.
''In Madison eounJ>. the excess oi votes is J3G; and the
Democratic majouty of 178 in I860 is increased to 630."
I need not read, and shall not fatigue the Senate
with reading, farther on that subject. I might
show you precisely the same thing in all our con-
gressional districts; but the great fact stands out
thatin fifty-seven counties, with fifty-six thousand
voters in the Army, the number of votes is larger
now than it was two years ago. If' any gentle-
man believes there is anything honest in that, so
far it may £0 to make up an element in the mo-
rality of this great triumph.
Now, sir, what were the objects sought to be
achieved by the triumph? Is there any glory in
that* How was the canvass conducted? Uy
denouncing every single act of the Administration
during the whole progtess of this war; by the cry
of " hard times and high taxes." These gentle-
men, forgetting the past history of the country,
and weighing dollars and cents against the liberties
of the people and the blood of the people, taught
their deluded followers to believe that by voting
for them they would bring this war to a speedy
close. That was one of the arguments which en-
tered into this triumph. Instead of appealing to
the high, lofty inspiration of patriotism, love of
country, they appealed to the most sordid motives
which can control human action; and wiien we
wore called upon to rally to the defense of the
country, they simply spoke of the burdensome
characterof the taxes. The truth of the maUej m
Indiana was, that while the Union paity—coin-
posed of loyal Di rnoeuits and Republicans—weio
intent only upon saving their country, these Dem-
ocratic politicians weie intent only upon saving
their patty. In God's- name, will the time never
conic when men will remember that they have a
country to love as well as a party to server
Tnese were some of the arguments used; and
another argument was u/ed, but it was covertly
used, that in the event of the recognition of the
southern confe'Seiaey,all the inteiests of Indiana
weie with th" South,and that she must belongto
that confederacy which controlled the mouth of the
Mississippi, whose ft oe navigation was absolutely
importantto hor v<*ry exist"nco: and they appealed
to all her varied eonimetcwi! and social ties bind-
ing her to the South. They did not boldly assume
this position, yet thoy Inn ted at it. in almost every
speech; and these speeches weie published with
commendation m the papers of the rebel States.
Sir, can that thing ever be? My distinguished
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] the other day
made an allusion, by way I think of kindly warn-
ing;, and not as a threat to the people of New Eng-
land, that there might yet be a reconstruction of
the Union which would leave Massachusetts and
j\rew England ont. J know thatgentleman would
deplore Mich an event as much as I or any other
individual would, yet I know it is equally true
that the sunn, thing was hinted at during the whole
canvass in my State. Why leave JNew England
out: "What has she done that she should b" left
out ? ?.ld^a( hus'_U% Fanciui Hall, Bunker lliH—
thos^ noble nanus which stir the nation'.s holiest
(motions—why leave them out '< 11 emember how
New England lallwd around the standard of n'ir
country upon the height* of Lexington and Con-
cord. I remember how her nchestand best blood
was poured oat at Hunker ILli I remember how
her sailors during the war ot 1812 plucked the
drown mi'- honor of! In. nation ft mn tin* great, deep,
when despondency and defeat covered yourforc^
by Jand.
"Why leave Xew Eupland out in the cold—u>
use the expressive warning of the gentleman from
Kentucky? What is her crime? Love of liberty,
love of the Constitution; that she has stood true
to her traditions, true to her teachings, true to
those God-given instincts of human liberty which
have always marked the Yankee wheresoever you
find him! Why leave New England out? Be-
cause, forsooth, her churches, her school-houses,
her lyceums, her press, her great patriotic heart,
can never be brought to fraternize with treason or
with traitors. Leave New England out of this
Confederacy in any reconstruction,and force In-
diana, the State of my adoption, into the foul
embraces of the southern confederacy! Can that
thing ever be accomplished ? Before Indiana shall
be forced into the southern confederacy, tho flames
of civil war shall sweep that State from the lakes
of the North to the Ohio river. Before that can
be accomplished, her hundred thousand brave
volunteers now in the field will stand as a wall
of fire between their cherished institutions, their
loved homes, and the footsteps of the invader.
Sir, this war has but begun, when gentlemen
talk of a settlement of boundaries; ofgivmgusthe
navigation of the Mississippi under the guarantees
of the southern constitution and the southern con-
federacy! We have the right to that navigation
now, by ahigher, a far higher right than the con-
federacy can everconfcruponus. Wehavcitguar-
antied by the physical geography of the country,
one of the great outlines marking the existence of
a united people, laid down upon the map of the
country, and traced by the finger of God him-
self. We have it in the Constitution of the United
States. It is ours. We ask it as no boon. We
demand it as a right, and more than a million of
free, brave hearts in the West arc ready to die in
defense of that right. Am I to be forced, against
my will, upon a leconstruction of the Union, into
the southern confederacy ? Xfo,sir; we willfight;
and if wc may not find security under the /lag,
we shall at least find immunity'from wrong and
oppression in the sacredness of the grave. The
contest will be a fearful contest. Whenever an
attempt shall be made to force the people of In-
diana into the southern confederacy, and it shall
be successful—a catastrophe which I hope God,
in 1 lis n; finite mercy, may avert from me and mine
—1 shall seek a residence still under the old Hag,
and m the old Republic. Where liberty is, there
is my home. I will seek a residence in the most
obscure village in New England, where still floats
one shred of the old flag, and there I shall leave
my bones—dying with the proud consciousness
that "no tyiant shall ever tiample upon my
ashes."
JL^ave New England out, and why? Because
simply of her fidelity to the Constitution and to
thn tlnion ! Anotherargumentused to bringabout
the result was tins: the people were told contin-
ually of conciliation and compromise and new
guarantees. What have we to conciliate, and
whom have we to conciliato : Traitois in arms,
with their bayonets at your throat, ready to de-
stroy the Government, extorting from our fears
and our weakness conciliation that we refused to
give before the rebellion. Such conciliation as
this humiliates the North, humiliates tho whole
people, ignores the manhood of that brave peo-
ple whose prowess and courage have been illus-
trated upon a hundred battle-fields. Whatisthere
to compromise ? What is there to guaranty? You
have already the guarantees of the Constitution.
You say you desire "the Constitution as it is,
and the Union asitwas." Nothing can save the
country, in the language of thes^ gentlemen, but
the Constitution ay it i.s, and the Union as it was.
Rut if you wish guarantees, you wish constitu-
tional guarantees. Then, you do not want tho
Constitution ns jt is. You want theConsrtrution
amended. The Constitution as it is not. is your
medicme for these evils. Sir, away with ail talk of
conciliation, concession, and compromise. There
is thn; day and hour no way aC permanent or hon-
orable peace except through bloody war and de-
cisive victory. I accept the way; I travel the path,
let it lead wheresoever it may. I have no conces-
