1863.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Wade, WdlUnson, Wiliey, Wilmot, and Wilson of Massa-
clm^ett—34.
NAYe?-—Messrs Harding, McDougall, Richardson, Tur-
pie, and WiUon of Missouti—5.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the hill*
The next amendment of the committee was to
change the amount of the appropriation for the
New York navy-yard from " $1,213,003" to
" $463,003."
Mr. GRIMES. Before the vote is taken on
that amendment, I wish to move an amendment
in line one hundred and sixty-four, to strike out
the words " bakery and machinery,"and in place
of them I propose to add an additional section to
the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be read, so that we
can understand it. Will it lead to a change of the
sum ?
Mr. GRIMES. That will lead to a change in
the sum of $80,000,1 think, which will reduce the
amount from $463,000 to $383,000. I am author-
ized by the committee to propose the following
amendment on this subject:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and lie 1" hereby, au-
thorized to purchase in such manner as he shall deem most
advantageous to the Government the flour required I'm Navy
use, and to have the bread lor tho Navv baked from this
flour by special contract under naval inspection.
The reason for the amendment proposed—and,
indeed, the reason for inserting there the words
" bakery and machinery"—was this: they now
buy their bread by contract, and it is very difficult
when the bread is new and fresh for the inspector
to determine whether it has been made out of
spring wheat or winter wheat; whether the article
out ot which it was manufactured was of the kind
that is required for bread that is to endure a long
voyage at sea or to stand a warm climate. The
result has been, that, as most of our operations
during this war have been in a warm climate on
the Gulf of Mexico and on the coast of South
Carolina, a very large proportion of our bread,
which was inspected in New York and other
northern ports when it was new and fresh, by the
time it got down to Key West was sour and in-
capable of being used. The proposition is, to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Navy to buy the Hour,
when it can be determined by inspection whether
it is made out of winter wheat or spring wheat,
and then to let out the contract to make it into
bread upon the best terms he can.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark )
The amendment pinposod by the Senator from
Iowa to this section will be reported.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state furthermore tlmt
the amendment comes from the Department. 1
will move in the first place to strike out the
Words "bakery and machinery," and will offer
the amendment which 1 have read afterwards.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then it will be necessary
to altci the sum, also.
Mr. GRIMES Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question first on Kinking out the words
*f bakery and machinery."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa now proposes to amend the amerd-
mentof the committee bv sinking out "$463,003,"
and inserting "$383,003."
Theamendment totheamendmen? wasagrcd to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment as amended, to stiike
out (< $1,213,003," and to insert " §383,003."
The amendment, aa amended, was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the leading of the bill.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the following clause:
Navy-yanl, .Voilolk: *
For repaira oi <h v-doek. and pumjv-, und guueiai r^p,m.-i,
$8o,000.
Mr. GRIMES, i trust that amendment will
not be adopted. 1 suppose the leason why the
committee piopose to strike out that clause is, he-
cause there was no estimate made f6r tins pur-
pose in the estimates which were prepared last
October by the Na\y Department. They are re-
quired to prepare them at that time. It has been
discoveied since that a huge benefit can be derived
to the public service by expending a smallamount
of money in repairing a most excellent dry-dock ;
at Norfolk, and which is only injured in some i
comparatively immaterial particulars. I have let-
vrs from the Chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, and have had a conversation with him on
the subject, and he has expressed to me the opin-
ion that no appropriation was more desirable or
important than this one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not a very loyal
place.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose there is not much
doubt about that. This appropriation will save
the trouble and expense of sending ships from
both the north Atlantic and south Atlantic squad-
rons to Philadelphia, "Washington, or New York.
It will save a large amount of money and a very
consideiable amount of time.
The PRESIDINGOFFICERputthe question,
and declared that the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the Chair decided
the amendment of the Finance Committee was
carried, because nobody voted either way.
The PRESIDING 'OFFICER. The Chair
heard no vote against it.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to reconsider the vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question again, if there be no objection,
without a reconsideration. The question is on
the amendment reported from the Committee on
Finance.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the following clause:
Norfolk:
For the suppoit and repair of the naval hospital at Nor-
folk lor the remainder ol the current fiscal year, and for the
years 186^ and lSti4, *£18,500.
Mr. GRIMES. Doubtless the same reason that
prompted the Committee on Finance to report in
favor of striking out the other amendment in re-
yard to the Norfolk navy-yard, prompted them to
move to strike out this clause and the following
one for the hospital at Mound Cfty, Illinois. At
the time the estimates wore made, neither the asy-
lum at Mound City nor at Norfolk had been es-
tablished. I hold in my hand a copy of a leuer
from the Secretary of the Navy, inclosing one from
Admiral Smith, the Chief of the Bureau of Yards
and Docks, stating that at the time the estimates
were made these hospitals had not been estab-
lished, and that they are necessary for the public
interest, and requesting that these appropriations
should be made.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike our the following clause:
Mound City:
For supporting hospital, repairs, rent, and furniture at
Mound City, Illinois, $17,500.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill.
The next amendment of the committee was in line
two hundred and fifty, to strike out " eighty"and
insert " fifty;" so that the clause will read:
For prepamii; (or publication the American Nautical Al-
manac, $;25.S.>0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
1 strike out the second section, as follows:
| Heu. 2. Ami he it farther tnoded. That heteaftcr, while
' the rebelluut lastf.thore shall In1 otic additional midshipman
] appointed for each eongie^ionul di-tnct hi the loyal States
I to he recommended by the members or delegates of the
J lion-scot Representative- as heieto'oic, and th  additional
i midshipmen for tfie next class wiall be appointed on the
' leeommendation ot the members and delegares to this Con-
1 giess>.
| The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary concluded the reading of the bill.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
, ments icported by the Committee on Financeare
| now disposed of. The bill Is still m Committee
j of the Whole, and open to further amendment.
| Mr. DAVIS. I wish to move an amendment
; to the second seehon of the biil.
; Mr. TRUMBULL. That has been stricken out.
I Mr. GRIMES. 1 hope the Senator fiom Ken-
I tucky will allow ma to <ret through with the
! amendments I am authorized to repoit from the
i Committee on Naval Affaiis.
; Mr. DAVIS. Ceitamiy; I will give way.
I Mr. GRIMES. In obedience to instructions
; from the Committee on Naval Affairs, I move in
I line one hundred and fifty-one, page 7, under the
| title "Navy-Yards, Portsmouth, New Hamp-
! shire," to insert the words "for rebuilding porter's
house at Portsmouth navy-yard, $2,000." The,
I committee me informed that a few days ago the
i porter's house was destroyed, and it is proposed
to rebuild it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I am directed by the Commit*-
tee on Naval Affairs to offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section: •
Jind he it farther enacted, That the second section of the
act entitled "An act for the temporary increase oft the
Navy,5' approved July 24,1861, shall be so construed that
the tompoiary appointments made or which may be made
of acting assistant, paymasters and acting ensigns are hereby
ratified and confirmed as temporary acting appointments
until the return of the ves&els in which they aie respect-
ively employed, or until the suppression of tjio present re-
bellion, as may be deemed neeessary; and the rate of com-
pensation allowed lor the several grades specified is hereby
legalized and approved.
I will explain the amendment in a moment.
Under the act of July 24, 1861, which I hold in
my hand, it was declared—
"That the temporary appointment* made, or which may
be made, by the Secretary of the Navy, of acting lieuten-
ants, acting paymasters, acting assistant surgeons, acting
masters, and masters' mates, are hereby ratified and con-
fitmed as temporary acting appointments," &c.
That was in July, 1861. On the 16th of July,
1862, we created a new grade, the grade of en-
signs, below that of masters. A great many of
these persons have been appointed to this grade
of ensigns, who have been receiving a compensa-
tion of $1,2U0 a year. The result would be that
under the operation of the amendment to the mil-
itary law, which was appended at the suggestion
of the Senator from Illinois, they must either be
discharged from the service or else their pay must.
be raised from $1,200 up to $1,500. This law of
July 24. 1861, does not include in it acting assist-
ant paymasters, many of whom are in the public
employment, and are essentially necessary to the
public service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now offer the amendment,
which I have already read to the Senate, in re-
gard to the bread question. It is to insert as a
new section:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Navy
be, and he is hereby, authorized to putcha^c, in such man-
ner as he may deem ini> t advantageous to the Government,
^he flour required for Navy use, and to have the bread for
the Navy baked from tins float" by special contract under
Navy inspection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer another amend-
ment, to inseit as a new section:
Sec. — And he it farther enactcd. That the President of
the United States by and with the advice and consent of
the {Senate, shall have authority to select any oflieei, not
below the grade ol commander in tho Navy, and assign him
to the command of a ssquadion with the "tempouuy rank,
title, and pay of rear admiral ; and any officer thus assigned
f-hall have the same authority and receive the eame obedi-
ence lis if he wue commissioned a rear admiral on the day
of his tempoiary appointment. The temporary rank, title,
and pay of an oflieer thus appointed thai! commence on
the day on which he >-ha!l hoi>*t his flag on boaul his vess-eJ
as commander ot a squddion by order of the Secretary of
the Navy, and shall cease on the day that he stiiUes his flag
by the same authority.
Mr. Piesident, this amendment follows the pro-
vision of tho law of December 21,1861, which au-
thorized the Piesident of the United States to do
exactly what he would be authoi ized to do by thin
amendment, except that m the law of lbGl, these
officers are called fla'g officers, the grade of acting
rear admiral not then existing.
Mr. SHERMAN. The principle of the amend-
ii merit I like, and I agreed to it in committee, but
jl the word " pay" was not then m theammdment.
jj That is a depaiture from the established laws and
jj customs in other Departments of the Government,
ji The law expressly precludes an inferior officer in
■; all other Depaitments of the Government tempo-
■\ rarily performmgduties of a higher grad«  from re-
i ceiving a higher rate of pay. Under this prevision
I of law, the President may appoint fifty acting rear
ji admirals, ail of them leceiving the pay of rear
i' admirals. 1 see no occasion for departing from
;; the general rule. Wheie an officer is temporal tly
,! detached from a lower grade of duty to perfoima
'i higher grade of duty, he may have the corre-
:! spondmgmnk, butcertainly I think itoughtnotto
1: increase his pay. It is a departure from the gen-
ii erally established rule of law. Apply that same
jj rule to officers of the Army, and see what a cor>-
!| fusion it would make. How many colonels am
f1 there now performing the duties of brigadier ge 
