162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
sions to make to traitors or to rebels. I will con-
sent to no compromise which changes one letter
of the Constitution, I wiil consent to no peace
which changes the geography of the country in
the- slightest particular. 1 am for the Constitution
as it was and the supremacy of the laws and the
supremacy of the flag over the whole country.
Gentlemen say we should offer terms. What
terms of peace have we to offer? We have of-
fered them again and again. If they would lay
down their arms and submit toiegal and consti-
tutional authority, the war would end, and it can
end in no other way. Send your messages of
peace and ministers of mercy when they have
live hundred thousand soldiers ready to destroy
the Government! I would send them my mes-
sages of peace from the cannon's mouth. My
ministers of mercy should be fire and sword, I
would crush out this rebellion, if it involved the
making of a desolation at every onward step of
your victorious armies.
Another element which entered into the elec-
tions, and which has largely entered into this de-
bate, w<ts what Senators are pleased to term the
radical legislation of Congress, and the radical
acts of the President. When they arc called upon
to define the radical acts of Congress, what acts
do they select? They select, first, the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia, a thing
which we had, under the Constitutional right to
do, which I am proud was accomplished, and the
results of which can but be beneficial. That is
one of the radical acts which, it is said, threaten
the existence of the Union; and what is the ex-
tent of that evil from which such wonderful re-
sults are expected to flow? Twenty-two hundred
or twenty-three hundred slaves have had the
chains stricken from their limbs:; and because
twenty-three hundred negroes have been set at
liberty, therefore the Government is destroyed,
the Constitution overthrown ! Is it not a terrible
consequence to ilow fiom so slight a causc? An-
other act of radical legislation,! suppose, was
the confiscation bill which was passed at the last
session of Congress, a bill whi«nh I supposed light
then, and which 1 believe to be right now. It was
simply to make the icbds, who have precipitated
the country into a state of war, who have made
it necessary for us to expend a thousand million
dollars, and to sacrifice thousands and thousands
of lives, feel some of the burdens of that war
winch they have cruelly and recklessly brought
upon the country. I am ready to defend that act.
The loyal Union people of my Stat", Democrats
as well A", Republican.!, sanctioned and approved
that act. I heord no voue of complaint against it.
They believed u right and proper that the rebels,
wh<  had rendered it n^cs.sary for us to expend
so much money, should b<« made to contribute
th-ur portion the liquidation of our debt
_ Tlu people were toM (.liar compromise and con-
ciliation would bring bnok the rebel States,and re-
unite the bonds of brotherhood that had bound us
together lb weighty years. What terms do you pro-
pose that they will accept? They have trampled
urnh-rfoot everything except the recognition of
southern itulepemh nee; fmu are gentlemen pre-
p<U"'u to take that ground? They say we must
compromise with them upon terms which will pre-
serve the perfect equality of the States; and what
do Uwy mean by that? That we are not only to
be taxed to pay our own war debt, but that we
are to assume the war debtof the rebel States; we
are not only to pay an indemnity to our own citi-
zens for losses, but we are to pay indemnity to
rencls in arms for their losses! is that what these
gentlemen contemplate by a return to peace on
terms perfectly i-qual to all the States ? I am leady
for no such compromise; ncithei are our people
ready for any such compromise.
i spoke in the beginning of my remarks of what
some gentlemen style th^ radical action of the
Pitj'iuone of the United States in reference to the
prosecution of this war; anu the act selected by
the distinguished Senator from Kentucky was the
proclamation of freedom of tin; ^d of September,
l^di. The gentleman say? that when he read that
pr-udr-mation his heart sank within him. Ii had
a Ijt difleii'iit efluct upon me. When f reed that
proclamation, my h-\nrt grew stronger, and my
nope grew brighter. 'Those grand utterances, kin-
dred with the Declaration of independence itself,
stirrer1 my heart hke the bugle call to the battle.
I felt that at last ib« President was m earnest. I
stand by that proclamation of emancipation. It
had no depressing effect on the people of my State;
it was hailed with joy all over the State, as the
beginning of a new era. s
The gentleman, in reference to the late election,
says that, being a life-long Democrat, he rejoiced
at this great triumph of the "lion-hearted De-
mocracy.5' The gentleman from his stand-point
could but have rejoiced. He believes honestly,
and has from the start, that the application of force
is not the proper way to suppress the rebellion
and save the Union; therefore he might well re-
joice at a victory in our State which promised to
tie the hand of the Executive, paralyze the arm
of the nation, and bring upon the country a dis-
graceful and ignoble peace, because he does not
believe that war is the instrumentality by which
the Union can be saved; and there is a strange
coincidence between this rejoicing of the Senator
from Kentucky and the rejoicing elsewhere. The
result of our elections carried a thrill of joy to the
heart of rebeldom, from Richmond to New Or-
leans. They were paraded in every secession paper
as evidence of a reaction of the public sentiment
in the North against the P *esidentand against the
war. At Charleston, South Carolina, over the
result of the New York election they fired two hun-
dred guns. They rejoiced at this victory achieved
by the "lion-hearted Democracy." I rejoice at
no victory where 1 have to share my joy with the
enemies of my country. So much, then, for this
cause of rejoicing over the result of our elections.
Hut, Mr, Piesident, it is idle to say, it would be
untitle to say, that the Pr< sident may not have
made mistakes in the exercise of these high pow-
ers; it may be that occasionally there have been
cases of indiv ithmi hardship and individual wrong;
but his higher and greater duty to preserve the lib-
erties of the whole people, would justify at least
the risk of infringing upon the liberty of an indi-
vidual to accomplish that great and good object.
So it seems to me. Our elections turned upon no
! such question. If the policy of the Adininistra-
| tiou had anything on earth to do with the result
j of our elections, it was that the people were d!s-
! gusted; they wore doubtful, they were fearful of
! the policy of dt-lay; they though' the Administra-
! tion had not prosecuted the war with sufficient
| vigor. The march of your armies did not keep
! pace either with the just expectations or the im-
! patience of the people. They thought that some-
j thing was wrong, that more vigor should have been
j infused m the conduct of your arms. I thought
| so too; end yet I know how easy it is to cuticipe
| the movements of your military commanders, I
| know how dangerous it is uncharitably to criti-
j oiso the movements of our armies. Wo must trust
j somewhere. The President is President for two
J years to come. If the country is to be saved,
j under Providence it must be through him and his
! Administration. The great book of books, the
! Bible, assures us that individuals are saved by
faith—" by faith are ye saved;5' and so of nations.
Trust your President, trust yourCongress, trust
your generals in the field, and above all, trust
yourselves and God above, and all will be well.
Wo have had a temporary'reverse of our arms,
a bloody reverse, which we all regret; but it has
not for one moment shaken my faith in the final
triumph of the great and good cause. 1 will not
believe, I cannot believe, that under the baneful
influence of human slavery this model Republic
is to be blotted out from the history of nations.
Here, Mr. President,, for the first time in the his-
tory of the whole woild,two different systems
of civilization meet face to face, and contend for
the mastery. One is represented by the effete and
worn out systems of Asiatic government, based
upon human servitude and human bondage; the
other is represented by the free institutions of
Western Europe, whose light was ftrsienkindled
in the dark forests of Germany, and the whole
world at this day glows in that illumination. We
represent m the North the system of free govern-
ment based upon tree labor and free institutions,
and i will not believe that this Government is to
be destroyed by the monster demon of slavery,
1 cannot believe it. The wise purposes of Prov-
idence, for winch the Government was planted,
forbid me to bohevo it. Our mission is not yet
accomplished.
In the midst of tins sea of blood, 1 see a way of
deliverance in order to pass to the promised land
of peace and security. We may hpvo to pass
through a sea red with the blood of slaughtered
thousands; but, nevertheless, under the guidance
of Providence and our own high destiny we shall
reach the other bank, I doubt it not. In the midst
of all these convulsions, a homogeneous and har-
monious republic, based upon human liberty and
human rights, shall yet be established. In the
midst of these contending factions, yet afar off in
the future, I catch the light of institutions more
beneficent, more grand, more perfect, than have
ever yet existed in the tide of time. I will not for
a moment despair of the Republic. As long as
the free sons of the great West from their prairie
homes rally to the defense of the country, as long
as the Atlantic sea-bo'Srd is alive, so long as New
England is true, and is yet a part of the Union, I
rely upon her sons, sons whose lullaby and cradle
song was sung by the wild waves of the ocean
that beat upon Plymouth rock. With these ele-
ments of strength, relying upon ourselves, relying
upon God, the Republic is safe.
I ask you to-day, to stand worthy of the high
mission intrusted to you. See you that the Pres-
ident and his constitutional advisers are in har-
mony with the people, that they have adopted the
right theory of the rebellion, that they believe in
crushing out at all and every hazard this mon-
strous treason. I have no faith in an officer, a cabi-
net minister, a President, or any one else who.
continually balances secession against the honest
anti-slavery sentirpent of the North. Sir, we must
have men in earnest, deeply in earnest, if we are to
emerge from this terrible struggle with safety and
with victory. I doubt not we shall do so. The
people are sound, sir. No people on earth have
shown such self-forgetfulness, such self-sacrifice,
such lofty patriotism, as the people of the United
States have shown. They have done all, and more
than all, that could have been required; and if the
country is doomed to fail, if freedom is doomed to
perish in the blood of her votaries at her last altar
upon earth, history will write this, and record it
tiuly, " the Republic failed notforwantof support
by the people, but for want of far-reaching states-
manship upon the part of her statesmen, and for
want of able leaders in the armies." Thatis the
fiat of history; history will write it, and the waters
of a thousand deluges cannot obliterate it.
Mr. Field obtained the tloor.
Mr^SAULSBURY. I ask the Senator from
New Jersey to yield to me for a few moments. I
do not mean now to reply at length to the Senator
from Indiana.
Mr. FIELD. I give way.
Mr. SAULSBURY. As I have promised the
Senator from New Jersey, who has been kind
enouglrto yield me the floor, that I shall not non;
reply at length to the speech of the Senator from
; Indiana, I will not do so; but as some gentleman,
I 1 presume from the State of Delaware, has been
j kind enough to furnish to the Senator from In-
j diana the journals of the Legislature of that State,
; and as he has seen fit (representing a State which
I was a howling waste wilderness when the State
| of Delaware through her sons was fighting for the
j adoption of the present Constitution and the form-
j ation of that Union into which it has been the
j privilege of Indiana, by the action in part of the
| State of Delaware, to be permitted to enter) toar-
; raign my State, I deem it proper to call the atten-
I tion of the Senate and of the country to one sm-
' gular omission which the Senator from Indiana
, has made in reading from the record in reference
i to the character of the legislation of that State.
Sir, I called the attention of the Senator to a res-
; olution passed by the Legislature of Delawarere-
, sponsive to the speech of Air. Dickinson, to which
he alluded, and he wisely said that he had enough
j to do to take care of his own side of the argument.
, Sir, I will prove that, so far from that proceeding
] beipg evidence of the disloyjity of the State of"
, Delaware, it. shows that she stood then as she
i stands now, and as she has ever stood, firm and
, decided in the support of the Federal Union.
! _ What is the record which the Senator from In-
: diana brings up against the State of Delaware;
! and what is the record which some patriotic out-
sider from that State, who h \s not the manhood
to biing the change before his own people, has
furnished the Senator from Indiana with on this
occasion ? It is that the State of Delaware is dis-
loyal because her Governor sent a certain mes-
sage to the Legislature of that State, telling them
that a certain Air. Dickinson, a representative
