164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
ment of our national troubles. On another day,
he presented a petition of twenty-seven thousand.
Even Boston sent here a petition of some seven-
teen thousand. You were deaf to the, voices of
your constituents. You said, " war; no compro-
mise with rebels;" and now War rages from one
end of the laud, we are told, to the other. Sir, the
State of Delaware, through her representatives,
•was anxious to avoid the present state of affairs.
Because she was anxious to avoid it, is that evi-
dence of treason, of the disloyalty of her sons?
Mr. President, I have trespassed too much upon
the time of the Senator from New Jersey already,
and will not trespass longer, further than to say
that we, as the Representatives of the State of
Delaware on thisfloor, know that her people have
ever been loyal to the Constitution, which they
were first to adopt, and to the Union, into which
they were the first to enter. She intends to be
loyal to that Constitution stili; and a proposition
has never emanated from any son of hers to do
aught to separate the Union of these States.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Senator from
Delaware seems to labor under the impression that
X charged the Governor or the Legislature or the
people of Delaware, or a portion of her people,
with disloyalty. XVI y argument was simply this:
that the conduct of the Governor and the Legis-
lature and some of her people, had been such as
to authorize the President to suspect that there
might be disloyal persons there, disclaiming all
right to judge anybody.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not intend now to reply
to the very gratuitous and wanton assault upon
the Legislatuie and people of my State made by
the Senator from Indiana, because I heard but a
portion of his remarks at the close. I heard enough
of the speech, however, to know tliot it was en-
dued with partisan character throughout. I shrill
rend it first, and then certainly it will be entitled
to my reply as far as the State of Delaware is con-
cerned. 1 shall endeavor to show that the remarks
were utterly groundless, wanton, and calumnious
r«s regaids my State.
Mr. FiELD. Mr. President, the question in-
volved in the motion to stuke out the third section
of tins bill is a very important one. It is one,
too, in which the people of New Jersey at this
time feel a peculiar interest; because indictments
have, been found, and criminal prosecutions are
now pending in that State, growing out of these
arrests, and predicated upon the idea that the
IVsident of the United States, m ordering these
fusvsts to be made, w s exeicihing a power not
cooieired upon him by the Oonsw uriou. 1 desire,
thoeioie, at a propci lime, to kulimit to the Senate
n f'ew observations with regard to it; but as the
hour is now late, j would move to postpone the
furiliei consideration of the subject 
Several Senator*. No, no: move to adjourn.
Mr. FIELD. 1 did not move to adjourn for
this reason: I desire that this bill may be set down
for a later day than to-morrow, if Senatois nie
■Willing to grant me that indulgence. It is a very
impouant question, and i should like to haven
little more time to look into u. If, therefore, the
Senate would consent to have it' set down for
"Wednesday of this week, or, in case of the prob-
ability of our adjourning over, until the first
Tuesday in Januarv 
The VICE PfiESI DENT. If the Senator will
paidon the Chair, the subject now before the Sen-
ate is not legitimately nefoic Jt, ond cannot be
otherwise than by the unanimous consent of the
Senate. If the Senate should adjourn in its pres-
ent condition, the bankrupt bill will come up as
the unfinished business, and not this bill.
Mr. FIELD. I move tliat the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT proct^ded to put the
question on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, i hope we shall not
have an adjournment as yet. it is very import-
ant to have a short executive session.
Mr. FIELD. Then i will move ihat we go
into executive seas on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
changed.
Mr. HALE. I risf* to a question of order: that
tiie question cannot be changed while the body
vi voting. The question has been put once, and
the ayes hnvo voted, and it is not competent for
any one to change it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
an undoubted right to change his motion before
the Chair declares the result. The question is on
the motion to go into executive session.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a di-
vision—ayes 20, noes 16; and after some time spent
in the consideration of executive business, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Dccember.23t 1862.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas IX. Stockton.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
MIAMI INDIANS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from tho Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of Representatives, a report relative to
the payment of annuities to the Miami tribe of
Indians; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MEMBER, ELECT FROM LOUISIANA.
Mr. SHEFFIELD. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I present the credentials of Hon. Michael
Haiiu, a member elect to this House from the
second congressional district of the State of Lou-
isiana, and ask th.it he be sworn in.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object.
The credentials were read.
Mr. BINGHAM moved that the papers be re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
The motion was ngieed to.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the call of committees for reports
for reference, and which could not be broughtback
on a motion to reconsider.
FRANCIS DAINESE.
Mr. COX, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, leported a bill for the relief of Francis
Dainese, with the lecommendation that it do pass;
which was lead a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the "Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar, and ordered to be printed.
EMANCIPATION.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I
ask the consent of the House that the select com-
mittee on the subject of emancipation and confis-
cation have leave to submit a partial report on thnt
subject, that it may be ordered to be printed and
recommitted to that committee.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 object, and call
for the regular order of business.
DAKOTA TERRITORY.
Mr. TODD introduced the following resolu-
tions; which weie severally read, considered, and
agreed to:
liecoh-ed, That the Committee on Tenitories be instiucted
to inqnne into the fxpedn*nc} or making an appropuation
lor public buildincx lor <eiu>!uiive pu,po.^c-i at the capital
of the Temton oi Dakota, and icpott by bill or otherwise.
Resolved, That the Committee on T<;i r if ones be mstiuefed
to inqujre uno the expediency of making an appiopnation
foi th^ exploiation and development of the mineml le-
sourees ot the Tei'Hoiy of Dakota, and lepoit bv biJl or
otheiwise.
lii-iclrcd, That the Committee on Territories be instiucted
to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the pajment
of otic cnsioj-Mii? eink.und one cmoli'n«j elerk, and two
iih"as<>n^if>ioi e.t-'li IIoujsoo! the Tenuoiia! Lf'ei^hiiare of
Dakota Temtoiy, and  epoit by Dill or otherwise.
llcsoircd. That tho Committer on Miiitaiy Aifans be in-
stiucted to mo'iiie ■ isto tin* #*\ podlency oi making an fippio-
pnntion loi two nniitat) road^ to tun from Sioux Citv,Jown,
to Fort Rrtndcil, Dakota Tenltoi v\ on the ea«.t <?,do of the
lUi^soim river.and fiom Xcohrara, Xehia&ka Tejutorv, to
Fun Randall, Dakota Tcimoiy, on the west side, and to
bridge th" important stream* on the .'ame, and leport bv
bill or oiherv.i-e.
Rrsohcd. That the Committee of Ways and Means be
inMiueted to inquiir into the expediency of allowing the
direct tax appoirioned to the Temroi v of Dakota to be paid
our of the appiopnation for teuitmu] purno&es for *-aid
Tc'iuorv. amounting to ^-:,and report by bill or
o'herwii?e.
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to lnqmie into the piopiiety of making an appro-
priating to cone Hide a tn'aty with the Hiule and Yauck-
brina- Indians m tho TViutury ol BakoM,
COLORADO TlUtRITOlir.
Mr. BENNET introduced the following reso-
lutions; which were severally read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That tbo Oornmlttsa cm Indian Affairs bo in-
structed to consider the propriety of a suitable appropriation
to conclude a treaty with the Ute Indians of Colorado Ter-
ritory, and report by bill or otherwise.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the piopnety of estab-
lishing a post route from Denver to Bear Canon, on the head
waters of West Plumb creek, in Colorado Terntory, and
repoit by bill or otherwise.
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to inquire into the propriety of authorizing the payment of
one engrossing and one enrolling clerk and two messengers
for each House of the Territorial Legislature of Colorado
: Territory, and report by bill or otherwise.
I Resolve#, That the Committee on Territories be directed
' to inquire into the expediency of making an appiopriation
to construct public buildings at the capital of the Teiutory.
for the use of the Legislature and the supreme court, and
a further appiopriation for constructing a penitentiary at
CaKon City, or some other proper place m the Territory of
Colorado, and report by bill or otherwise.
RELATIONS WITH BRITISH COLUMBIA.
Mr. ALDRICH introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and referred,
under the rules, to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the letter of tho
Secretary of the Tieosury of July 11, 1S62, on the subject
of our relations with northwest British America, particu-
larly tho central districts of the Red River of the North, and
the Saskatchewan, be printed for the use of the House.
SOSCOL RANCH, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. PHELPS, of California, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to grant the right of pre-
emption to certain purchasers of the Soscol ranch
in the State of California; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
UNPAID VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to adopt the following resolution:
Resolved. That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form this Mouse of the number of volunteer regiments from
the State of Iowa iii me service of the United States to
whom aneaiagc«5 of paj aie now due. for what time said
pay is due to said legiments, and the reason why the same
has not been paid.
Mr. BLAKE. I ask the gentleman to permit
me to move that the resolution be extended to vol-
unteers from the State of Ohio.
Mr. ARNOLD. I also ask that it be extended
to the State of Illinois.
Mr. WILSON. I modify the resolution in that
; respcct.
j Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The resolution
j relates to a matter of general interest, and I think
j ought to be general in its terms.
I Mr. WILSON. I do not propose to have it
! general m its terms. I demand the previous qtus-
: tion on its adoption.
| Mr. Y/ICKLIFFE. Let me make a statemei t
; to the mover of this resolution.
| The SPEAKER, if the gentleman propose/?
. to debate tho resolution, it must go over.
) Mr. WIC KLIFFE. The gentleman will allow
: mc to say that there has been passed by this
' House a resolution calling on the Secretary of
. War to report the facts called for in this resolu-
j tion, m referenco to all the volunteers in the United
, States service. J suppose he will obey that reso-
I lution, but it will take sometime to get the inform-
! ation. It seems hardly worth while to duplicate
j his labor.
j Mr. MORRILL, of "Vermont. I move that tho
i resolution be referred to the Committee on Mili*
' tary Affairs.
i Mr. McPFIERSON. I wish to state merely
that the Secretary of the Treasury, in leply to a
. lesolution of the vSenate, has given substantial!)''
^ tins information, which of course is, construct-
! ively at least, in the possession of this House.
I The motion of Mr. Morrili,, of Vermont, was
■ agreed to; and the resolution was accordingly re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
TRANSFER OF LICENSE.
Mr. ARNOLD submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
, Resoled, That the Committee of Wa'vs and Means bo
! in-tiucted to inqmie into tiie expediency of r^o amending
1 the levcii'.ie Jaw that lieen-^s mav he tian^fuiabie, and r-o
■ that '.hey may be good m the hands- of tile assignees iur tin*
time for which they may be issued.
ALLEGED ABCSES IN THE ARMY.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have some papers which I
desire to get before the Committee on the Judi-
ciary; and I have drawn a resolution, in connec-
tion with a letter as the basis of the resolution.
