1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
of the most important questions that we can le-
gislate upon, 1 believe we are to put down this
rebellion; and I believe we must clothe the Exec-
utive wich the necessary power to accomplish it;
and I believe arrests are necessary in some in-
stances, and I want the sanction of the law when
they are made. I think-it altogether injudicious,
so far as the time of the Senate is concerned, if we
are to act at all upon the bill under consideration
to discharge political prisoners, to now lay it aside
for a bill to organize a newTerritory. 1 hope the
motion of the Senator from Ohio will not prevail.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 sought the floor myself
to bring up a measure in regard to the Pacific rail-
road; but the movement of the Senator from Ohio
I yicid to. The organization of the Territory of
Arizona is one of the first and most important
things that belong to the business of this Govern-
ment. I trust that he may present his measure,
and have tl^e action of the Senate. I say this from
-my own stand-point, understanding the necessities
of that part of the country; and i will not inter-
rupt his suggestion by any business that is per-
sonal to my own State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in tliu chair.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I call for the yeas and
nays, and then I have a word more to say.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. tylr. President, probably
the most important point in any of the complica-
tions that are likely to grow out of our present
difficulties and our prospective difficulties is in-
volved in the line between what is called Arizona
now and the Mexican possessions of Sonoraand
Lower California. I am not going to elaborate
any argument on this subject. I am sorry that 1
am compelled to say that the Senate will be—by
their own compulsion, it seems to me—ignorant,
and are not willing to be advjsed by the people
who belong to my coast, who undeisland its in-
terests and know its necessities. They nre not
willing to be advised,and (hoy .shut theirears and
make themselves both blind and dumb. I wit-
nessed that hero in litis Senate Hall, it is a fact
now, and I just want the privilege of saying it now.
Mr. WILSON, of Massachusetts. Will the
Senator give way for a moment?
Mr. MoDOUGALL. After I get through the
full expression of what I want to say.
Mr. W 1LSON, of Massachusetts. We have
a great deal of business lo do, and 1 think we ought
to have an evening session. I propose to take a
recess from now until seven o'clock.
Mr. .McDOUGALL. 1 have not yielded the
floor yet.
Mr. CLARK. Will you not do it?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Not until I get through.
I have tiled to communicate to Senatois the ne-
cessities that belong to the const of the Pacific, to
California, Oiegun, and Arizona, and 1 have not
been able to communicate to them. Many of them
will not listen, and do not listen now. As I stand
in my place here, f am conscious of the fact that
they do not listen; ignorant, uninformed, and un-
willing to be informed.
I say U is of the first importance now (I af-
firm u in my place) that the Temtoij' of Arizona
should be oiganized as a Territory, with a Gov-
ernor and all the elements (,f government neci s-
sary to the maintenance of our authority on the
Pacific Nobody says otherwise,nobody disputes
w hat I say, nobody professes to be informed about
that of which 1 say I am fully informed Nobody
disputes it, and y< t it is a thing not to be done.
Why not done5 If ignorance is bliss, I will fall
into that category tSiat it is folly to know any-
thing, and 1 wii! not know anything that belongs
ro my parr of the woild: but 1 say that the Sen-
atoi irom Ohio sight; lie is asking for the pas-
sage of a nit'cisme bt longing to our policy, and
more important than any common measures of
finance.
Air. LANE, of Kansas. 1 move that the Scn-
fto take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. KENNEDY. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The y<Jfts anil navs were ordered.
The ^RESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, will the Senate take a recess until seven o'clock ?
Mr. WADE. It is going to be a very uncom-
fot table night, and I do not think comingback here
is necessary. We either ought to adjourn or go on;
I do not much care which; but I hope we shall
not take a recess on such a night as this. That
will compel us to go home and come back again.
I hope this motion will not prevail.
Mr. SUMNER. I am perfectly willing to fol-
low the lead of Senators who have in charge the
public business; but I give my testimony again,
as I have often done before, against a recess. 1
think we lose time by it. I think every time we
have taken a recess, we have lost two good hours.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did accede a few mo-
ments ago to the suggestion to have a recess; but
we must be governed in some degree by the state
of the weather. It is too early to close business
for the day entirely, and I understand it is rain-
ing quite hard out of doors, and probably we shall
not be abletogetaquorum tins evening if we take
a recess. I think we had better keep on. 1 think
we had better go into executive session now.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If itis the wish of the
Senator, I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
can be withdrawn by general consent, the yeas
and nays having been ordered. The motion is
withdrawn, there being no objection.
Air. KENNEDY. I move now, if I am in or-
de r 
Mr. FESSENDEN. i think we can hardly
do any furtlu r legislative business to-day. There
are two bills here that are in collision, and we
shall spend a great deal of time about them; and
1 move, if the Senator will be kind enough to yield
the floor, that we proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. KENNEDY, 1 have a small bill that I
have been trying for two weeks to get through.
Air. FESSENDEN. We can take it up in the
morning: hour to-morrow.
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 have tried for two weeks
to get it up.
Mr, FESSENDEN. There arc two bills in
collision now; and the Senator will haidly suc-
ceed in getiing his hill in.
Mr. KENNEDY. I run almost sure that the
honoiahle Senator from Maine will not insist on
his motion, when he knows that this is a bill that
has been up and discussed in part, and that, as
f  r as I have been able to leain, no objection at
all has been made to it. It conflicts with a great
many things behind it in our own Committee on
Naval Affairs, and I should be glad to have it dis-
posed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thete is a pre-
vious motion pending to take up a bill. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Olwo.
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 beg pardon of the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
takes precedence.
The question being put; on a division there
were—ayes 14, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Air. FESSENDEN. J ask for the yeas and
nays/«
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 22; as follows:
YEAF—Mci^r*,. Carhle, Claik, Collamer, Doohulo, Fcs-
scnileit, Foot. Fo^-tei. Gi ime^, Hcndcif-on, Howe, Lane of
Kan-as, Moiull, I'omeidj ,Sauishuiy, Siuni.or, Tori Eyck,
Wilson ot Ma^aclnwur, and Wii.-ou ot flli^ouri—J8.
NAYS—-M' '\uilionj, Arnold, Cowan, Davi«, Dixon,
Ilaiduig, TIailan, liauN. Ilick-j, Ilow.ud, Kennedy, Knur,
Lane or' Indiana. Latham. IMcbmiir.ill, XesmitJi. Powell,
IviciKuriMin, yiuiinan, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilmot— 22.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill indicated by him; upon which the yeas and
nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senate will not
take n up. The morion is to postpone all other
orders, and we have had under consideration all
day the bill for discharging political prisoners.
Mr. WADE. I am very sony to antagonize
this bill with the measure which the Senator front
Illinois has so much at heart; but my opinion was
that this bill would take but a very short time.
Tlie Committee on Territories have not pressed
their business on the Senate much of late, although
we have considerable to do, because we knew that
the financial bills ougiit to go through before ours.
The bill of the Senator from Illinois 1 do not think
amounts to much, myself, one way or the other,
but I am not going to argue the meiits of that bill
on this question of which of them is to be takenxtp.
I believe that the Arizona bill is a very important
one. Some Senators around me think it is not;
but my opinion is that it is an important bill and
ought to be passed. I am not going to make a
speech* on it or consume the time of (he Senate,
but I do hope it will be taken up' and disposed of
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Arnold, Chandler, Cowan,
Davis, Dixon, Foot, Harding, llatlan. Henderson, Tiicks,
Howe, Lane of Indiana. Lane ofKniws, McDousall, Nes-
! nuth, Pomeroy, Suinncr, Tea Eyck, Tmpio, Wado, Wil
kinson, Wilson of Massachusetts, and Wilson of Mis-
souri—9A.
NAY5—Messrs. Clark, Collamer, Fessonden, Foster,
Grime-;, Harris, Howauk Km<r, JLatham, Momll, Powell
Iliehatdson, Sauhbuiy, tSheunan, and Tiumbull—15.
So Mr. Wade's motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. The Arizona bill is now up,
and I move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent m executive session, the doors were ro
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday", February 19, 18G3.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
employes in treasury department,
j The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
I from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
| a list of the clerks and other persons employed in
; the various offices of his Department during the
i year 1862; which was laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
sustenance of slaves in" disloyal states.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury in an-
swer to a resolution of the House of the 12th ult-
imo, relative to the employment and sustenance of
slaves in the disloyal States; which was laid upon
the table,, and ordered to be printed.
piuzk matters.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy in answer
to a resolution of the House of the 19th of De-
cember last in reference to piize matters; which,
on motion of Mr. Sedgwick, was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
court-martial of major general porter.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in
answer to a resolution of the House of the 3d
instant, a copy of the proceedings of the court-
martial convened for the trial of Major General
FitzJohn Porter; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
captain fisk's expedition.
Air. ALDR.ICH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That, tin: Seeietaiy or War be, and he is hereby,
i dnecU'd t'  fm nit.li to the IL>u«o of Rapifii-entatives a copy
I ot Captain James J,. Fi.-k;,s report of the. expedition to es-
cort emigrants iiom Fort Abercrombie to Foit Benton and
Fort Walla-Walla
INDEMNIFICATION BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the question in order to
be the indemnification bill, on which the discus-
sion was limited to one hour and twenty minutes.
Mr. ROBINSON. Aly colleague [Air. Allen]
is too unwell this morning to occupy the floorfor
an hour according to the agreement of last even-
ing. He wishes that the gentleman from Ken-
tueky, [Mr. Wickliffe,] should have the time
to which he is entitled.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection that
will be considered the order of the House.
There was no objection, and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
Mr. WICKL1FFE. I came to the House this
morning under the impression that I could only
occupy ten minutes of time conceded to me by
the courtesy of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
