1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I move the previous question on the adoption of
the resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire whether further legislation is required on
the subject-matter of the accompanying letter, aud report by
biii or otherwise. *
The letter referred to in the resolution was read,
as follows:
Danville. Kentucky, December II, 1862.
Sir: I take the liberty of inclosing you copies of inter-
esting documents, and when you aie quite at libeity beg a
moiety of your attention to them.
The fhn is in relation to Buzz, a negro boy, who was born
fiec in Ogle county, Illinois, and with proper passes started
home with a lieutenant living in Ogle county, who had re-
signed. On (he Covington and Lexington railroad he was
twice put oft', and not at all peimitted to go home, and is
now witliin my regiment, and compelled to remain within
the legimental lines for fear of a Kentueky jail. This road
was repaired and is now run by the United States troops,
and by them guarded its wholelcngth. Is it right? Must
we loyal volunteers submit? Illinois soldiers open and
guaid the road, but her free sons dare not pass over it with
lite commanding general'* pass.
The second paper is a complaint on the part of somebody
claiming to be a Kentucky soldier, made to General Gian-
gei, because we have as servants the former slaves of se-
cessionists, and by him referred to General Baud, and by
him icferred to mo, and mv report on it.
The third is a copy of an " order" fiorn Colonel Cochran to
me to delivei up a fugitive slave. 1 have more of them, but
only inclose the one copy. Because I would not obey, lus
regiment, stationed at Winohestei, threatened to fire on my
regiment in passing through, and lus officeis actually did
draw revolver*, and bloodshed was only avoided by our
bold front and film determination. 1 see that the colonel of
the seventeenth Kentucky has been dismissed ior giving
such an otder. Why not Colonel Cochian?
The fourth is a copy of pioceediogs, or ratlierthe original,
for I have abundant e of them, of a suit against me for ne-
giocs employed as servants by my officers. Can I, as a
lov a I colonel, stop fioin the pursuit of rebels to answer form-
ally m cuuit? If not, and defaulted—anil Kentucky juiies
and judges give verdict*—what defense have I when sued
on the judgments in Illinois courts? As I undeistand it,
•' nul tiel record" is the only allowable plea, and that would
be unavailing. Must, then, iny propeity in Illinois goto
sale to pay for the freedom of these men that the law has
made free, and the Piesident's Older and aiticle ofwarfor-
lud my sending back to bondage? If so, hard lot for loyal
colonels; that have and are otfeiing their lives in the battles
of the Union. Beat in mind that if the Illinois boys weie
not here, not a eouit could be held. Our bayonets alone
make it possible to hold comt, and then we ourselves to
become the victims, and that for only obej-mg the Articles
of War, the orders of the Presidents and out consciences as
men.
I have consulted military men, and lam told I violate
no mihtaiy rule in writing you such a letter. If General
Changer will not protect, and refuses to take action, where
else am T, a->a citizen soldier, to apply but to the people,
thinugh their Itopjosentatives ?
Trusting that I do not tiouble you too much, and assut-
ing you that, come weal or woe, T am for my country, and
hcioufttfr, as hcretofoie, leady to light foi it, I am, veiy
respectfully, vour obedient sci van>,
SMITH D. ATKINS,
Colonel Ninety-Second Illinois Volunteer Infantry.
Hon. Owen Lovbjoy.
Mr, RIC HARDSON". I move to lay the reso-
lution upon the table.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I withdraw the motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and being put, the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the lesolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsidei upon the
table. -
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY KOAD IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. "WALLACE, of Washington, submitted
the following resolution; which was considered,
and agreed to:
Resolvi?, That the Committee on Miln.trv Adair* be, and
they are hereby, directed to inquire into th" expediency of
making an appiopiiatton to complete themiiitaiy road fiom
Walla-Walla to Fort Denton, as recomtnemiedby tne Sec-
retary of War.
MILITARY POST IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. WALLACE, of Washington, also sub-
mitted the following resolution; whien was read,
ond agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affair* bo, and
they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency
of  " tablisliinga militaiy post at oi neai Deei Lodge, in the
Te; i itory of Washington, rind at other points on the northern
route ot uimgiation ; and report by bill or otheiwisu.
DEFENSE OF PUG 1ST SOUND.
M r WALLACE, of Washington, likewise sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
and agreed to:
lit so i'nd> That the Committee on Mditarv A.iuhc be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing for the
defense of the Columbia river and Puget Sound ; and re-
port by bill or otherwise.
MILITARY INSTRUCTION.
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing for each
incorporated college or university in the United States a pro-
fessor of military science and tactics, upou suitable condi-
tions, to be complied with by the institutions which may
assent thereto.
PROPOSED AMENDMENTS OF llEYENUE LAW.
Mr. PORTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to inquire whether the cost of assessing and col-
lecting the tax on carriages and other vehicles enumerated
in section se\ enty-seven of the internal revenue law is not
neatly equal to the revenue derived fiom such tax, and
whether consequently sueli tax ought not to be tepeaied ;
aNo, that said committee be liistiucted to mquhc into the
expediency of unamending section nineteen ot the said law
as to provide that sales ol ai tides distiained for non-payment
of duties specified in said section si tall, when not made at the
residence of the person wlion* propeity is distrained, be
made at the county seat of the county in which the dis-
traint is made; also, that said committee bo instructed to
inouiie into the expediency of so amending stud law m re-
lation to the tax on manufaetutes as to pievcnt a double
taxation of the same articles, a*, fot instance, under the
decision of trie Commissionei of Internal Revenue, leather
which is taxed as such, and again when manufactured into
boots, shoes, harness, &c.; spokes, hubs, See., which are
taxed as such, and again when iormmg putts ot manufac-
tured wheels ; and m like manner the mateiialsof clothing,
carriages, machinery, &c.
PAY OF VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. PRICE mtioduced a joint isolation to
revive an act to secure to tin: officers and men
actually employed in the Western department, or
department of Alissomi, thoir pay. bounty, and
pensions, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
RESTORATION 01' PEACE.
Mr. VALLA NDiGHAAl. I ofiur the follow-
ing lesolution; and I propose to debate it when
it comes up in its order:
Resolved, That this IIouso dors earnestly desire that the
most speedy and effectual moa<-uies be taken lor restoimg
peace in America ; and that no time may be lost in pto-
po-dng an immediate ces^.uion oi hostilities. in oidertothe
speedy final settlomcntof the nnhappj oontiovinsies which
brought about this uimecessaij and injuuou< civil wai, by
just and adequate security against the ruum ot the like
calamities m times to como; and this IIou-.e dcsiies to
offer the most earnest assutanecs to the country that they
will, in due time, cheerfully cu .pcrate with the Executive
and the States lor tiie lestoiauon oi the Union, by such
explicit and most solemn amendments and provisions of
the Constitution as may be found necessary hu securing the
rights ot the several States and sections within the Union
undei the Constitution.
The resolution, giving rise to debate, lies over.
TIIE INDEMNITY BILL.
Mr. PENDLETON submitted the following
resolution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the following proten of thirty-six mem-
bers oi tins House against the passage ot^Ilousc bill No.
C91 be entered upon the Journal:
On the 8th day of December, A. D. 18G2, and during the
present session of Congress, All. Stfvens, of Pennsv h ania,
i mtioduced the bill No. 591, entitled An act to indemnify
the Piesidcnt, and other persons, toi suspending tho privi-
lege of the wut of habeas corpus, and acts done in pursu-
ance thereof," and after its second reading movod mat its
consideration be made the special oidei lor the Thursday
then next ensuing, which motion being objected to. he
moved the ptevious question, and this being sustained, un-
der the operation theieof the bill was read a thud time, and
passed
This bill involves questions of the graven impoitance,
It provides that all suspensions of the pi ivilege o: the wut
j of habeas corpus, ail ariesto and linpiisomnent^ upon what-
: ever pretexts oi by whomsoevei made, under the authority
> of the Pie«ident,however prbitiarvot tyrannical or unutst,
' are confirmed and made valid; and that all persons who
• advised or executed or assisted in tiie execution of any such
acts ate dischaiged fioin all Lability, whether to the State
! or to individual"" in respect theieo*;" and J hat all proceed-
] ings against them of eveiy natm< , v> bother foi the r-'covei v
j ofdmuagesoi for the infliction oi punishment '• commenced
! oi to be commenced,'* are disehaigrd and mr.de void. It
also piovu'.os that the Pi estdent may, duung the exigence
; or the, rebellion,at any time and any wheio tmnnuie.ut ?«ny
of the Ihuted Starts, and as to any pi-ieon, suspend the
privilege of the wut of haheuscoipus.
The bill i= fiamtd upon the idea that the acts roeittd
were illegal, and Without iu-.t ean--e or excuse ; that thev
wcie violations of the ngiit-s of the persons arrested and
I imprisoned; aud that for them rcdi^-s might be had m tlio
courts of the United Staiec. by resort to the peaceful, jc#
ular, and ordinary administration" of the laWV It fs fianied
upon the idea that the citizen was arrested without the
existence of crimc on his part, or even probable-cause to
suspect it, and tiiat in making such- arrests, rile
as well as the form, of those provisions of law intended
to secure personal liberty were entirely disregarded. It
makes no exception of those cases in which the arrests
have been made with malice, and the imprisonments have
been inflicted with circumstances of brutality and cruelty—
in which the " public good" has been made tiie eioak
wherewith to covcrthe gratification of political animosity
or private hatred. It distinguishes in nothing between the
cases hi which an honest mistake has been followed by its
immediate coirection, and cases in which malignity has
been enabled, by false pretenses, to procure the arrest and
to prolong the nupiisoiiment, to the Joss of property, the
destruction of health, and, in some instances, the insanity,
suicide, oi lingering death of the unhappy victim. It dis-
tinguishes in nothing between the active officer, zealous in-
the full discharge of his olhcial duties, and the base mis-
creant who volunteers to assume the degrading character
of f-pv and informer, that he may, with more effect, aryl
secretly, use tiie falsehood which the venom of his heart
prompted him to invent. It ptoposes to condone all of-
iciises, to piotect all oflcndors, and to take away all redress
for inj uiies, however great, or with whatever circumstances
of aggravation or bad motive inflicted.
If these acts had been done-in all cases from the pureet
motives', with an eve single to the public good, with as lit-
tle aggiession as po-sible on private lights, with all circum-
spection and eate that only those who were really guilty
should suffer such confinement as would prevent tiie com-
mission of an unlawful act—if the public good were in fact
subseived by them—it might be proper to piotect thc*P ev-
ident, and those acting under lus authority, from criminal
prosecution and penal sentence ; it might be proper to pro-
tect them from pecuniary loss, by the payment, from the pub-
lic Treasuiy, of the damages^isses&ed against them. JLv* n
then, whilst admitting that citcumstances like these would
m seasons of groat public dangets negative all wrongful in-
tent m the commission of these illegal acts, it would be the
duty of the Heprcsentattves of the people to affirm that at
all times the Piesidcnt of the United States, before all other
men, should adheie most sf-ictly to the forms of legal pro-
cedure when duectnig his powers against the personal lib-
erty of the citizen, it couid never be proper to indemnify
the President, ami those acting under his authority, at the
expense of the citizen whom they had injuied,or to add to
their security by the destruction of his remedies.
The Constitution of the United States guards most care-
fully the lights of the citizen; it was oidained u to estab-
lish justice," "insure domestic tranquillity," aud to "secure
the blessings ot liberty;" and so steadily was this object kept
in view, that m addition to the reservation of all pov/era
not gt anted, there are special prohibitions of seizures with-
out warrant, detentions without indictment, imprisonment
without a speedy and public trial, and depiivation of life,
liberty, or property without due process of Jaw; and there
are clauses which extend the judicial power of the United
States to all controversies between citizens of different
States, and secuie a uial by jury in all cases in which the
value in controveisy exceeds twenty dollars. Congress has
hithcito unifoimly maintained, and, as far as was neces-
sary, has pcrtected by its legislation these guarantees of per-
sonal liberty, and the courts have enforced them by the as-
sessment of damages for their infiaction. This bill proposes
to deprive thecomtsof the power to afford such protection.
It will, if earned out into piactical aud general opeiation,
release the people fiom the duty of appealing to such peace-
ful and legal means of redress, and will piovoke more sum-
maiy and less constitutional mcasuies. Yet this biiJ, without
pieecdont in our histoiy, suggcatmgsuehgiavo questions of
constitutionality and expediency, believed by many mem-
bers to be utteily subvcisive of the rights of the citizen and
of the express piovisions of tlio Constitution, by the force
of moie numbers and against the lemonstiance of the mi-
nonty, was passed within one hour of its first intioduetlon,
without having been printed, without having been refeired
to any committee, select or standing, and without any op-
portunity for consideration or discussion.
The undesigned, member* of die House of Representa-
tive, do theielore most solemnly remonstrate against thla
action of the Hou«e, and respectfully ask that this their
protest maj be enteied upon the Journal.
'I hey piotest against the reiusal of the House to permit
con?idciation and discussion of the bill as an arbitrary cr 
eieise of power by the majouty, unjust to the membeis,
unjust to their constituents, and derogatory to its character
as a dehhetative legislative body.
They piotest against the passage of the bill—
I. Because it purports todeprive tiie citizen of nil exist-
ing, peaceful, legal mode6, of iedie&« for admitted wiongs,
and tnus consttain^ him tamely to submit to the injury iu-
fiicted or to s,;oj< illegal and i'otcibic remedies.
0 Because it putpoit-s to indemnify the President aud
all acting nndet hi-aiuhoiity for acts admitted to be wrong-
ful. at tlio expense of tiie citizen unon whom the wrongful
acts have been perpetrated, in violation of the plainest
ptineipjes ot justice,and the most familiar precepts of con-
stitutional law.
3 Because it purports to confirm and make valid, by act
of Congress, ane-ts and lmpiisomnents which v\ere not
only not wan anted by the Constitution of the United States,
but weie hi palpable violation ot it.~ expre-s prohibitions.
4. Because n puipuit- to authorize tne Piesulenr,during
thi-s rebellion, at any time, as to anv person, and evcrj-
where thiou'jtiout the limits oi the United States, to sus-
pend the ! ti\deye .'>i in<< wut of habeas corpus, win-ion--' by
the Comtuution tne ;>own to suspend the puvilege of tb.it
writ is eonridt'd t<> the di^eietion ot Congiess alone, and is
limited to the places tmeatencd by the dangeisoi imasion
or-insurrection.
Because, fot the-;' and othe: tenons h is unjust and
unw ist\ an invasion or'piivote rights, an encouragement to
lawless violence, and a precedent lull of hope to ail who
would usurp despotic power and peipetuate it by tiie aibi-
traiy auest and imprisonment of those who oppose them.
Q' And finally, because in both iu•actions it U iC aueiib-
