1803.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IIOS
[Mr. Stevens.] It was not expected that 1 could
devote much of that ten minutes to the general
topics which have been introduced into this (lis-
cussion, some of which me not germane to the
bill under consideration, indeed, sir, it seems to
me, after the able argument of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] yesterday, further dis-
cussion is needless upon the question of the power
of the President to suspend the writ uf habeas
corpus, and to declare martial law over the whole
twent y-oue loyal States, when the courts of justice
are open and not obstructed by mob violence. The
members of this House constituting the majority
have made up their minds to pass this bill, and
care not to investigate its deformities nor to hear
others do it.
Mr. Speaker, it has become almost.an offense
for a membui in this House to cite or refer to the
Constitution of the United States as the rule and
guide of our actions in the passage of measures
connected with the prosecution of the war. It has
been announced in debate in this Hall by high
authority, no less, sir, than the talented, influ-
ential chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Stevens,] that "in the legislation
designed to suppress the rebellion and for the pres-<
ervation of the integrity of the Union, he himself
does not icgard the Constitution of the United
States and the oath he has taken to support it as
at all obligatory on him." I do not know how
many moie here adopt what I call the " Stevens
principle"—" military necessity and the Consti-
tution ignored."
ido not propose to investigate the fact whether ■
the Executive or some subordinate officer has
made these unauthorized arrests, for which this
bill is designed as an indemnity. I do not know
that any man has been arrested in my State by a
positive order, written or otherwise, of the Presi-
dentofthe United States; butwe have been cursed
with officers called provost marshals. We were
honored with one from the State of my distin-
guished friend on the left, [Mr. Voorhees.] His
name was Green, but he was better known as the
leformed gambler." He wears his epaulets upon
the authority of the G-overiior of the State of In-
diana. He volunteered to hang a soldier for mur-
dering a man m my county; the company and of-
ficers of the regiment would not permit him after-,
wards to command or enter the regiment. He was
put into office by some authority as " provost mar-
shal of Bardstown." it is not necessary for me
to speak of the manner in which he treated the
funds and property of the Government. Some-
times he would swap off a Government horse and
get one for himself.
I know the fact from the evidence of a credible
man,oneof myconstituents,thatheand twoof his
neighbors were arrested by his order. These men
did not know what secession meant, nor what was
meant by disloyalty. They were honest, indus-
trious, peaceful citizens. They were arrested,
sent to Louisville, and placed in confinement for
three weeks in .a loathsome prison. At the end
of that time they were told by the provost mar-
shal, or his agent, that by paying twenty dollars
each they could go home. The money was paid,
jmd they were released.
Jn another county of the State, a county rep-
resented by my distinguished colleague, [Mr.
Ciiittendex,] 1 was assured from undoubted au-
thoiity that a provost marshal had his strikers and
partners in the county, four of whom divided
about four thousand dollars between them, which
had been paid them by men arrested, rather than
to be earned to Louisville, placed in confinement,
and then sent to Camp Chase.
These are a few of the cases which have occurred
m Kentucky. I do not believe the President had
anything to do with them or knew of thnm. The
question now comes up whether this House will
pass a statute ratifying, confirming, and approv-
ing conduct of tiie Federal officers such as 1 have
described. I beg leave to call the attention of the
House to the provisions of this bill which, to my
mind, are extraordinary and clearly unconstitu-
tional.
The original bill, as it passed this House, after
iccitmg the fact of the existence of the rebellion,
and that many arrests have been made under the
auihoiily of the President,&c., declares that these
arrests shall be made valid:
The President, Secretary, and all others concerned are
hereby Indemnified and discharged in respect thereof. All
indictments and informations, actions,suits, piosecutions,
and proceedings whatsoever, commenced or to bo com-
menced against the President or any of the persons afore-
said in relation to the acts and matters aforesaid, or any of
them, are hereby discharged and made void.
No one believes this section of the bill to be
constitutional. The second section delegates to
the President the power to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus at such times, and in such places,
and with regard to such persons, as in his judg-
ment the public safety may require. This'is an
attempt to place the liberty of the citizen under
and subject to the will and power of one man—the
President. What more is needed to make him
a military dictator—with an army of a million
armed men and the Navy at his command—with-
out regaid to the Constitution ? The Senate did
not agree to these provisions; their monstrosity
and unconstitutionality were too palpable. We
have their amendment under consideration. The
Senate by their amendment concede the wrong
of those arrests without warrant, as required by
the-Constitution, and undertake to prescribe the
means of escape for the officer or person sued by
the injured citizen. Their plan is to embarrass
the proceeding by removing the case to the Fed-
eral courts when instituted in courts of theStates
where the parties reside.
Before I point out the provisions of tins bill
which are clearly void under the Constitution, it
may be well to examine that part of the Constitu-
tion which creates and defines the judicial power
of the United States:
"'Sec. 1. The judicial powei of the United States shall
be vested in °ne Supieme Ooiut. and ui such inferior coints
as the Congre&s  in<iv lrom time to tune ordain and estab-
lish.''
4cSkc. -2. The judicial power shall extend to all eases, in
law ami equity, arising under tins Constitution, thy laws of
the United States, ami treaties made, oi which shall be
made, under their authority.''
It will not be pretended that these arrests com-
plained of were made under the Constitution.
That mstrumentforbids them in unmistakable lan-
guage. No one will pretend that the person who
ordered or made the arrest acted under any law of
Congress. The pretext that they weie made un-
der a military necessity, undet nuitial law, docs
not ptove that the officer or agent of the military
power wos acting under or deriving power from
the Constitution or an net of Congress.
The lav/ of "militaiy necessity " does not regu-
late or define the jui isdiction of the Federal court.
If those who made the anest derived the power
from the Constitution or the laws of Congress,
there is no necessity for the Senate's amendment.
The twenty-fifth section of the judiciary act of
1789 has made ample provision fur the removal
of such cases from the State courts to the courts
of the United States. I need not read thatclause;
it is familiar to the bar, and the people every-
where, who know anything of the organization of
the Government under which they live.
The Federal court has not jurisdiction in con-
troversies between citizens of the same State; and
Congress cannot give it to them.
it is ruled by the Supreme Court, in 12 How-
ard, in the case of the Genesee Chief vs. Fitzhugh,
that *Hhe extent of the judicial power (of the Uni-
ted Suites court) is carefully defined and limited,
and Congiess cannot enlarge it."
The meaning of the thud article of the Consti-
tution, upon the question of thejurisdiction of the
courts of the United States, has been repeatedly
under consideration by the Supreme Court, in the
cases of Martin & Ilunter, ([Wheaton, 304;) City
of New Orleans vs. Armas, &c., (9 Peters, 234;)
and Crowell &c Randal, (10 Peters, 390.) Under
the ruling of those cases the piovision of this bill
which proposes to give the United States courts
jurisdiction of cases between citizens of the same
State, for personal wiongs, is unconstitutional.
The provisions of the nrneudment of the Senate
are peculiar and striking. The first section de-
clares that—
Miit or prosecution, civil or criminal, has been
or shall be commenced in an> State coui t against any oih-
cer, civil or militaiy, or am other poit-on, for any arrest or
impugnment or other tie-pa^es or wrongs don'- oi com-
mitted. &c., during the pieaent rebellion, by value or under
the authority derived fromoi exercised by or under the Pres-
ident," &c.
Here the Senate has insetted the name of the
President instead of the Constitution. The third
article of the Constitution declares that the cause
of action or matter of defense, to give the Federal
court jurisdiction, must arise under the Constitu-
tion or the Jaws of the. United Slates. Unless tt*e
advocates of this bill can establish the factihatthe
President is the Constitution of the United States,
that they are one and the samfe, the argument that
this bill is in accordance with the requirement.of
that charter of civil and religious liberty totally
fails.
The bill prescribes what shall be a good de-
fense. If the act was committed in good faith, or
under the order or authority of. the President, it
shali constitute a good defense. "The court-try-
ing the same is ordered to so instruct the jury,
and their finding must be accordingly." This is a
bold stroke at the independence of the judiciary,
and is intended to make the trial by jury, that
great safeguard of personal right, liberty, and life,
a judicial farce by which the guilty violator of
law and the oppressor of the citizen shall go un-
whipped ofjustice.
The last clause in this bill, which appears to
give to the incarcerated freeman a trial and hear-
ing, is a gross fraud. The judge is to hear the
case. Though no crime is proven, no guilt estab-
lished, if this judge is of opinion that the pub-
lic safety may require it, he shall remand him to
prison. How long, how he is to be relieved from
this imprisonment, what facts shall be necessary
to satisfy the judge, are not stated or prescribed.
The people have often had to encounter the
corruption of a judge, as well as the unbridled
power and vengeance of a king. Such a statute
as this has not disgraced the records of any free
country, and I hope it will not those of the United
States. I legrelted to hear the distinguished gen-
tlemen from Maryland, [Mr. Thomas,] who ad-
dressed the House last night, say that ho doubted
the constitutionality of this bill, yet he would vote
for it, and trust the judiciary and abide their
decision. #
I ask gentlemen to tell me, when a man has been
wrongfully arrested without the authority of law,
without process duly issued, without naming the ^
cause of his arrest, whether such an arrest is an act '
done and performed under ihe Constitution or in
obedience to a law of Congress? If it is under
the Constitution, if it is by value of any act of
Congress, then the twenty-fifth section of the act
of 1789 provides the mode, the time, and the man-
ner m which that case, at the instance of the party,
may be transferred from the State to the Federal
court.
"To cases arising under the Constitution," is
the language of the Constitution. Under what
clause of the Constitution docs the light ofa pro-
vost marshal exist to arrest me at my home and
imprison me at his discretion or at the discretion
of the President? Under what law of Congress is
that power claimed? If there is a constitutional
right, if there is an act of Congress under which
it can be done, there is no necessity for this legis-
lation, and the fact of the existence of such a law
would be a sufficient foundation for the jurisdic-
tion of a national court. And if you are unwilling
to trust it to be tried by a'State court, you can
transfer it to a Federal court. But the bill admits
that these cases do not arise undera law or under
the Constitution, but out of the mere ipse dixit of
some officer of the Government. Their orders
and mandates, thank God, have not yet become
the Constitution of the United States, though they
seem to be the law dc facto for the government of
the people of the United States.
Under the provisions of the Constitution and
laws of the United States, wheie a suit is bi ought
in a Stale couit by a citizen of one State against
a citizen of another State, lie has a right to trans-
fer the cause from tho State tribunal to a Federal
tnbu nal.
But, sir, where it is a question between A and
B, citizens of the same State, the Federal court
has no jurisdiction either oiiginai or appellate.
Hence gentlemen, aware of that, and with a view
to disguise the fact, and, if possible, to get the
idea inculcated into the mind of some new judicial
appointee in some of our States wliei'-, peihaps,
they do not lead the Bible or the Constitution,
profess to believe thatCongjess hn«uh<> power by
an act of legislation to enlaige the jurisdiction of
the Federal court.
1 therefore come to this conclusion, that there
is no member of this House who will undertake
to say that the arrest of a man by a marshal or
by military authority—such arrests as have been
the subject of debate here—has been done under
