1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19.
the authority of the Constitution or of any act of
Congress. Conscious ofthat, you have provided
in this bill that a case shall be removed from the
Stale court to a Federal court, notwithstanding
both the plaintiff and defendant may be citizens |
of the same State. N
For these reasons, sir, however much I might
desire to see treason punished, whether commit-
ted in open rebellion or by giving aid and comfort
to the rebellion, I cannot,.by any vote of mine,
sanction the power of the President or of his sub-
ordinates to order the arrest of a citizen of the
United States, in violation of the constitutional
provisions and guarantees so well developed and
expounded yesterday.
Perhaps, sir, for saying this, I maybe charged
by a young member on the other side of the House,
as I have been before on the debate on the bill to
enlist slaves m the Army as soldiers, with being
"a lingering relic of that dynasty that so long
tyrannized over this country; and it is fitting, per-
haps, we should oppose this beneficent measure."
Let me say to that young member that when he
has reached the age of seventy-four years, and
has spent fifty of those years in public life, and
in the pursuit of a laborious and honorable pro-
fession, and can look back upon that long and
active life at the age of seventy-four and defy mor-
tal man to charge him with ever oppressing his
fellow-man or wronging him in any way, or with
voting for any measure calculated to deprive him
of a single constitutional right; should he be so
long preserved as the individual who now ad-
dresses you, and should he hear some cross-road
politician, say to him that he is a lingeimg relic
of some tyrannous dynasty, and that he has be-
longed to a class who have oppressed their fellow-
men, his feelings may be as mine were, those of
contempt for such language and for its author.
Mr. MAY. I ask the gentleman to yield to me
for a personal explanation.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. Certainly; I will yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. DUNN. I beg leave to be permitted to re-
ply to the closing remark of the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. MAY. Thegentleman from Kentucky has
not finished his speech, but he yields to me for a
few minutes.
Mr. DUNN. The remark of the gentleman
was personal, and I feel that i am entitled to make
a personal explanation.
The JSPEAKER pro tempore t (Mr. Phelps, of
California, in the chair.) By special agreement
of the House, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ai.lkn] was entitled to fifty minutes, the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Wickliffk] to ten min-
utes, and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
mas'] to twenty minutes. The gentleman from
Illinois, by consent, yielded his time to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. If the gentleman fiom
Kentucky has concluded his speech, thegentle-
man from Indiana [Mr Holman] is entitled to
the floor for twenty minutes.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I yield to my friend from
Mai yhind, [Mr. Mav.] I have not concluded my
Remarks.
The SPEAKER pro tempore.. If there is no ob-
jection the gentleman from Kentucky will be al-
lowed to yield to thegentleman from Maryland.
Messrs. SHANKSand LOVFJOY objected.
Mr. VOORHEES. I submit that he has a right
to yield.
1'he SPEAKER.pro tempore. Not under the pre-
vious urrangemi-i!! of the House, if thegentle-
man from Kentucky does not elami the iloor for
a longer time, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Hoj.ma.n-] will b«x iecognized.
Mr. WJCKLIFFIS. I do not yield the floor
entirely. 1 am willing to yield to the gentleman
from Mai viand. It y matter of coui tesy to him
Mr. COX. I submit to the Chair that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky has a right to yield the
res'duc of his time to any gentleman.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The understand-
ing of the House was that certain gentlemen should
be entitled to the tlooi. If they choose to occupy
the door they have a light to do so, but they have
no ught to assign the iloor to other gentlemen.
Mr. 1JOLMAN. My colleague [Mr. Devx]
d^sn's a few minutes, and the gentleman fiom
Maiyi.md [Mr. May] desires a few minutes. I
hope that by general consent ea&h of these gen-
tlemen will be lieaid.
Mr, DAWES. I hope no objection will be
made. I do not think anything is accomplished
by stifling debate.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I do'not think anything is
gained by attempting to shut men's mouths. Let
the time which was assigned last night be allotted
to the gentlemen as they desire.
Mr. "ROBINSON. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
make a remark with the permission of the House.
It seems to me that good faith, according to the'
agreement of last night, requires that this side of
the House be alio wed to occupy the time to which
they were entitled under that agreement.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The agreement
was that certain gentlemen should occupy the floor
if they chose to do so. The Chair will recognize
them for the time specified, but if objection is
made, they have not a right to assign the iloor to
other gentlemen.
Mr. ROBINSON. I was making an appeal to
the other side of the House. It seems to me that
good faith requires that the hour allotted last night
shall be used by this side of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that side of the House
have had a very liberal share of the speeches on*
this question. I am willing that they shall occupy
the whole time agreed upon last night, or that
one or the other of the gentlemen then named shall
occupy it—either the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. "Wickliffk") or the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] but I do object to any other mem-
bers being allowed to speak.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I beg leave to cor-
rect the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Two of
the speeches made upon this side of the Ilouse
were made in favor of the bill, and we do not de-
sire that they shall be charged to us.
Mr. STEVENS. You had two very good
speeches, I am sure.
Mr. DUNN. I rise to a question of privilege.
The closing remarks of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky are personal, and I believe I am entitled to
be heard in reply.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there is no ob-
jection, thegentleman will be heard.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. DUNN. Was not I recognized when the
gemh-man from Kentucky took his S^at?
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I have not yet taken my
seat.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Even if the gen-
tleman were leeogmzed, he could not occupy the
Iloor if there was objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to be heard for a
moment. If the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Duxn] will confine himself stiictly to a pejsonal
explanation of what was said by the gentleman
fiom Kentucky, I think, perhaps, it would be
proper to allow him to be heard; but if he goes
beyond that, he ought to be stopped.
Mr. V00R11EES. We object to any such
bargain.
Air. MAY. Ail I ask is to be permitted to
make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objection being
made, no gentleman is entitled to the floor but the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. MAY. I merely wished to correct some
personal misrepresentations. That is all.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objection is
made.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I should have no objec-
tion to allow the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Dunn;] to explain anything he desires to explain
m refeience to myself,jf the privilege of explana-
tion were accorded to others. Let me assure him
that when I entered this Hall and met him for the
fust time in my life, I felt for him a respect which
continued from that tjmc until he gave me cause
to withdraw the feelings of personal^ kindness I
enfei tamed for him. 1 had marked his course m
the discussion in this House on the measure in-
augurating a system of confiscation and emanci-
pation. I did "not hear lus remarks when deliv-
ered here, but I read, on my return home, his
protest against the outrage ot those measures upon
the Constitution and the rights of individuals. I
regarded him as a conservative member from In-
diana. I looked upon himasa using star of future
hope in this memorable and unpleasant contro-
versy in which our unhappy countiy has been
involved by this rebellion; and, sir, that opinion
did not chan^1' until I In'ard him record his vote
in favor of those very measures which he had
denounced. I regarded him as a man who had
simply changed his opinion, as men have a right
to do. My intercourse with him, so far as the
usual courtesies between gentlemen are concerned,
did not cease.
But he seemed to complain against me that I
was instrumental in causing him to be defeated in
the election of last fall. Sir, it was not ray hum-
ble efforts that defeated him. It was the people,
not I, who defeated him. True, 1 was invited to
attend a convention in the State of Indiana, and
made a speech, not against him, but expressive
of the opinion which I then enteitained and now
entertain, that this war could not end in a restora-
tion of the Union if carried on upon the principles
and policy sought to be instilled into the execu-
tive arm of the Government. When these meas-
ures were inaugurated, all the hope cherished in
my heart for a restoration of the Union vanished.
You may war upon and conquer the southern ,
armies; you may kill men, and have them killed
in turn; but you cannot accomplish the object of
the true friends of the Union in that way. What-
ever may be thought of me here or elsewhere,
there does not breathe in this nation one who has
a moreardentdesire than I have to see the Union
restored, or one who has sacrificed more of the
brief time now allowed to him in the providence
of God to accomplish that result, than the humble
individual who now addresses you. My desire
has been that the Government of the United States
should be placed in a position before the world to
make it plain that it was carrying on the war for
the purpose of restoring the Union, giving pro-
tection to property and individuals in the seceded
States, and leaving to those States, when they
return to the Union, the enjoyment of all their
rights—civil, religious, and political. Believing
that a war upon any other principle would be un-
justifiable and unsuccessful, 1 have opposed those
measures and purposes which I deemed at va-
riance with those views. In doing so, I may have
exhibited temperand feeling, as, tor instance, last
night when the gentleman who so well filled that
chair (Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois) diiected me to
sit down,and when I replied that I was lame and
would sit down as soon as I got ready, ordered
the Sergeant-at-Arms to seat me or take me into
custody.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I forgive him most cheer-
fully.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Thegentleman
is slightly mistaken. The Chair last night did
not send for the Sergeant-at-Arms, or order him
to seat the gentleman or take him into custody.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. You ordered it; but the
Sergeant-at-Arms did not obey the order.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The Chair did
not order the Serjeant-at-Arms to seat or arrest
the gentleman. He simply inquired for the Ser-
geant-at-Arms, and sent for him. In the mean
time the gentleman had seated himself, being of
the opinion, doubtless, that it was better and more
orderly to do so. The Chair had not the least
disposition to be discourteous to the gentleman
from Kentucky, and I am sure the gentleman dijl
not mean to be discourteous to the Chair.
Mr. WICKLIFFE. I did not know but I
might be made a political prisoner. [Laughter.]
1 was remaiking, Mr. Speaker, that, in the
course which I deemed it my duty to pursue,! had
never been intentionally offensive, unless where I
saw an occasion to repel an assault. I was of
opinion, and have not changed that opinion, that
if this war had been conducted as Congress de-
clared, with only two dissentient votes, (one of
them that of a Kentucky member, who is now in
the confederate congress,) the result would have
been different. If, after the fall of Fort Donelson,
the abandonment of island No. JO, the capture of
Nashville, the expulsion of the rebel foice from
the soil of Kentucky, and the occupation of the
southern sea-ports and harbors by our Navy, the
President of the United States and Congress had
united in an address to the people of the South,
stating that they had Seen the manifestation of the
physical power of the United States to suppress the
xebelhon by arms; that theie was no desire on the
paitof the General Government to desolate and
pillage southern States, but to restore to them
the Constitution which their fathers had given to
them and winch we ourselveR enjoyed, to protect
