THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF-CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirtt-Seven-tii Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 13G3.
New Series No. 70.
them in their persons and property from the vio-
lence of their rebellious leaders, the Union party
in every one of these seceded States would have
compelled the rebels to abandon their hostility,
and make no further resistance to the power of
the Government.
But those successes to which I have referred
were only the causes that gave rise to these meas-
ures which have been condemned by the people
wherever they have been called upon to decide on
the manner in which the war has been carried on.
You have destroyed and ciushed out, not the re-
bellion, but the Union feeling of those States. I
speak knowingly. The people of the seceded States
are now united as one man. It has been proclaimed
that all their slaves are emancipated, whether their
owners were engaged in the rebellion or not. They
are all treated alike. Their property of all kinds
and descriptions, down to the cradle of the in fant,
is declared confiscated. They are all told that they
are now to be subjugated and treated as alien en-
emies and outlaws; that they are to be driven from
their homes, and their plantations to be occupied
and cultivated by emancipated slaves as the Army
progresses. So says, in substance, the Secretary
of War in his report.
But, sir, to return to this bill. It asserts the
principle that the President of the United States
has a right to suspend, at his will and pleasure,
the habeas corpus in any part of the United States,
even where there is no rebellion or insurrection.
He is to be governed, not by the Constitution or
the laws of the land, but by military necessity.
Sir, is the suspension of an act of Congress a
legislative or an executive act? Can the Presi-
dent of the United States suspend the operation
of a commercial law, a postal law, or any other
law, either in time of peace or in time of war?
1 will not trouble the Rouse with arguing such a
question. I deny that because war exists with
eleven States the Ptesident has the right to sus-
pend the habeas corpus in the States of Pennsyl-
vania, Indiana, Ohio, or other States. Congress
has passed a bill authorizing the Piesident to
enlist black men, slaves, in the Army, without
limit or restriction as to number; arid if a person
opposed to that lawattempts to vindicate his opin-
ion he is liable to be ai rested as a dangerous mem-
ber of society, and is to have no remedy by habeas
corpus.
Sir, if I were in danger of being hanged, or in-
carcerated till the war is ended, 1 shall not cease
to denounce that as a usurpation of power, unjust
and uncalled for. Shall 1 be arrested and impris-
oned for entertaining or expressing disunion sen-
timents, when I tell my constituents at home why
I voted against this law? My fate will depend
upon the President's will and pleasure. There
are, at this time, citizens of Kentucky incarceiated
at Johnson island and Camp Chase, for supposed
disloyalty, who are kept there without charge,
without a hearing, who have been taken from
their homes without even the privilege of bidding
farewell to their families. I receive letter after
letter asking that an examination may be granted
them, that they may be tried, and, if no charge
can be proved against them, be discharged.
Even in this city there was a case of a judge
who, having issued a habeas corpus to discharge a
minor from the United States Army, had a mili-
tary guard placed over him; and the lawyer who
petitioned for the writ was imprisoned, in the
towns of Danville and Stanford, Kentucky, there
were a number of runaway slaves confined, who
had been taken up under a law of that State.
When the army was ordered to be moved, the
soldiers broke open the doors of both jails and
carried the runaways with them. Can I not speak
about that without being charged with uttering
"disloyal sentiments?"
The principles of your Government and your
articles of war declare that the military shall be
subordinate to the civil power, and that processes
of law shall be executed upon members of the
Aimy. Yet the property of citizens of my State
is continually taken from them by the military
power there, and when complaint is made to the
70
Government here, we are told that there is no
remedy. The process of law is resisted by the
armed soldiers in Kentucky, stationed there by
the Government for the defense of the State, the
citizens, and their property against the marauding
depredation of the rebel force.
Now, when I speak of these things, am I to be
arrested for it? Am I to be denied the privileges
of a citizen guarantied to me by the Constitution
under penalty of imprisonment without trial and
without the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus?
My object was this morning to call the atten-
tion of the House to this bill, to its phraseology.
J am confident there is not a lawyer in the House
who, if he will read it and will read the Constitu-
tion and the judicial act of 1789, will not agree
with me that the bill in every respect is a palpa-
ble violation of the Constitution.
Having said that much, I thank the gentleman
from Pennsylvania and the House for affording
me the opportunity of being heard.
Mr. HOLMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. BIDDLE. I use to a question of order.
The final hour, I believe, belongs to my col-
league, the chairman of the Committee of VVays
and Means, [Mr. Stevens,] who may yield it for
personal explanation. But, sir, inasmuch as the
gentleman has been accorded, by the consent of
the House, obtained yestei day, the right to speak
for twenty minutes after the expiration of the
hour, I ask him if he has five minutes, or two and
a half minutes, left, to yield it to me for the pur-
pose of a personal explanation in relation to House
bill No. 591, in defense of the right of the writ of
habeas corpus.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By special ar-
rangement the gentleman from Indiana is to have
twenty minutes after the expiration of the hour.
Mr. BIDDLE. I am aware of that; and there-
fore 1 raised the point of order that the unex-
pended balance of the hour belonged to my col-
league.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
remark that the hour has expired, and thattheie
is no unexpended balance. The gentleman from
Indiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DUNN. I ask my colleague to yield to
me for a moment.
Mr.VALLANDIGHAM. I object unless the
gentleman from Maryland is allowed to have the
same privilege.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust my colleague will he
allowed a few minutes, not, however, to come out
of my time.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is not my purpo.se, Mr.
Speaker, to discus^ the merits of this bill. I be-
lieve the country owes to the Senate, in a certain
sense, a debt of gratitude for presenting a bill for
the consideration of the House much more rea-
sonable in its features and less startling in its de-
fiance of the Constitution than the bill which
passed the House of Representatives.
As amended by the Senate, there seems to be but
two radical objections to the bill. The first is that
it oppresses the injured citizen, whose personal
liberty has been trampled on by arbitrary power,
by authorizing the removal of the action he may
bring in the vindication of his rights from the
State to the Federal courts, and allows the unjust
defense thathis imprisonment, however wrongful
and oppressive, was made in good faith, under the
authority of the President or under an act of Con-
gress, to be received as a full answer to the action.
In these respects it debars the plaintiff from rights
guarantied to him by the Constitution. In the
second place, the bill operates as a permanent, per-
petual suspension of the habeas corpus, a. right in-
valuable to the citizen, indispensable to pcisonal
liberty, and restrictive only on aibitrary and des-
potic power. Yet this bill, as amended by the
Senate, is not so flagrant in its defiance of the Con-
stitution as the bill which passed this House; but
it is still an ex post facto law. It still confers on
the President of the United States powers con-
ferred by the Constitution on Congress alone. It
gives th<4 citizen a right of action, but it makes
the right a cheat and a delusion by providing a
defense to his action. Yet it does this under the
apparent forms of law, while the bill of the House
is a perfect and complete denial of justice. Both
the bill of the House and the amendment of the
Senate strike down the undoubted constitutional
rights of the citizen, but by different agencies.
Both uphold arbitrary power; and while 1 prefer
the amendment of the Senate, 1 cannot, with my
views of the Constitution and the rights of the cit-
izen, support either.
But, sir, it is no't for the purpose of discussing
the merits of this bill that I have sought the floor.
My colleague [Mr. Vooriiees] and other gentle-
men have fully discussed the bill and amendment.
1 sought the floor for a few words of general de-
bate. Had the President of the United States
exercised the arbitrary power of suspending the
writ of habeas corpus only in sections of the Union
where treason was in the asccndant, and the courts
and the civil authority suspended, I must say,
sir, that the argument of actual necessity and the
public safety ought to copnmand grave considera-
tion. But, sir, what argument can jujstify the
suspension of this writ, this ancient muniment of
personal freedom, in those sections of the Union
where the great masses of the people were loyal,
and the authority of the civil power unimpaired?
It was, sir, an unwarrantable distrust of the peo-
ple, and unjust suspicion of their loyalty; and.
yet, sir, opposition to this act indemnifying the
President and his subordinates for every act of
unwarranted oppression will be met by the charge..,
of disloyalty and sympathy with traitors. Sir,
this method by which the friends of this Admin-
istration have attempted to meet every just oppo-
sition to its policy is equally wicked, impolitic,
and unjust. The Republican party has charged
all of its opponents with disloyalty, as though it
gloried in increasing the enemies of the Republic,
it charges that a great party which constitutes,
to say the least, a very large minority if not a
majoiity of the people of the loyal States of the
Union, of ancient and traditional loyalty) is at
heart and in spirit unfriendly to the cause of.the
Union. Sir, the Senate and the House, the pub-
lic press and the stump, have rivaled each other
in this work of wicked denunciation. Ifthecharge
was true, the nation must perish; but it is infa-
mously false. It is the cry of partisanism—wicked,
selfish partisanism—which would increase its
power by the rum of its country.
11 appears to me, sir, that the Republican pai ty,
coming into power under such fearful auspices,
on such questionable issues, with civil war and na-
tional rum springingup at its approach, ought to
have characterized its advent and progress by a
spirit totally different, for its opponents foretold
that its triumph would endanger the safety of the
Republic. It should have defeated this prophecy.
It should have sought, above ail things, the union
of public opinion in the loyal Stales, and the en-
couiagement of loyal sentiment eveiywh(re. It
should have sought by its policy to unite the en-
tire people ofall sections in the cause of the Union,
and not by its policy to feiivn nt discord and en-
couiage divisions. In such ?i et isis it well became
the party in power to be prudent and patient and
self-denying, to disarm partisan spirit by lising
above pai ty.
But, sir, that party on coming into power, in-
stead of being forgetful of party differences, in-
spired by its own fierce ambition and a reckless fa-
naticism, indifictent to the dangers of the Repub-
lic, has, step by step, without variation, without
swerving for a moment, prosecuted its partisan
purposes; every measuie which might h.'ve been
embraced in the letter or spirit of the platform
adopted by that party at Chicago, in 1860, has
been not only carried into cffect, buttlu y have car-
ried their dogmas to their last Anal result; and at
the same time crying out"down with party,"have
branded as traitor every man who entertained
political opinions differing from thcit own. Mak-
ing no saciifices of opinion, they demanded a
universal sacrifice of opinion by others.
They charge the Democratic party with dig-
