THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
Mr. Chairman, I understand this is a bill to pro-
vide for the deficiencies which exist in the appro-
priations for the current fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1863. The words which I propose to
strike out make an appropriation for the payment
of salary due as far back as September, 1861, if it
is due at all. The provision is for the payment
of arrearage of salary. Although the claim may
be and probably is just, yet, sir, it ought to come
in as all other private claims against the Govern-
ment have to—to be reported on by a committee
of this House, and to be considered in a Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
This private claim—for it is nothing else—ought
to be acted on as other private claims are, and not
be introduced here as an item on an appropriation
bill to supply the deficiencies of appropriation for
the current fiscal year. I hope, therefore, for the
reason I have assigned, that my amendment will
- be agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust that the
gentleman's motion will not prevail. It has been
the practice to include in these deficiency appro-
priation bills all deficiencies which have occurred
in qousequence of positive law; and I understand
that this case is of that character, and ought to have
the benefit of the operation of that uniform rule.
This man has performed this service, and is entitled
to his salary without being forced to come-before
Congress to get it in the way of a private claim.
Mr. MAYNARD. This claim ought to be
passed in the usual way, and not included in an
appropriation bill. It will create a false impression
as to the character of this bill. I suppose gentle-
men have seen the comments already made on it.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For necessary expenses in carrying into effect, tlie sev-
eral acts of Congress authorizing loans and tlie is^ue of
Treasury notes, §580,000.
Mr. F. A. CONICLING. I would ask the gen-
tleman having this bill in charge, what are the ne-
cessary expenses referred to in the paragraph just
read by the Clerk? Did we not at the last session
pass bills appropriating all that was necessary for
carrying int& effect during the present fiscal year
the existing laws on the subject? I would like to
know what was the amount we appropriated in
reference to these Treasury notes?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not know
to what the gentleman specially refers; but I will
say that I do not understand there has been any
appropriation made for the collection of the direct
taxes in a great many districts.
Mr. F. A. CONKLINGr. The gentleman has
misapprehended the inquiry that I addressed to
him. I want to know what are the necessary
expenses referred to in the bill for carrying into
execution the several acts of Congress author-
izing loans and Treasury notes. 1 want to have an
explanation of the provision which has just been
read by the Clerk.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They are the
necessary expenses for printing, paper, &c., ill
setting out the loans and 1 reasufy notes. _
Mr?F. A. CONICLING. Have not sufficient
appropriations forthatpurpose been already made
by Congress ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They were not
sufficient, and this is to supply the deficiency.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his report to
Congress,'informs us that the appropriations are
not enough, and it was for that reason this item
was put Tnto this bill by the Committee of Ways
and Means. These notes are being printed every
day, and will continue to be printed for some
time to come. . ..
Mr. COX. I move to strike out the following
words:
To supply the deficiency in the appropriation for annual
repairs to the President's house, $1,000.
Mr. Chairman, I make that motion pro forma,
for the purpose of saying a few words in reference
to bills of this character. I believe this is a ue-
■ ficicncy bill. A deficiency bill provides, as 1 un-
derstand , for expenses of the Government, run up
by the different Departments withoutany previous
appropriation having been made by Congiess,
without any authority from the people l|)r0"Sh
the national Legislature in favor ot such "pen -
tures. I do not know, sir, whether it woitl.
while for a member now to make any sort of pio-
test against this spec.es of legislation; but.lu.ad
to be, in the better days of legislation here, that
these deficiency bills were frowned upon, and
never allowed to be brought in but under the most
extraordinary exigencies. In the bill now before
us there is one appropriation to supply a defi-
ciency in the appropriations for the Army for this
fiscal year, running up to $100,000,000. There is
also a large appropriation to supply a deficiency
in the contingent expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives. It seems to me that we ought to ap-
proximate at least to an accurate estimate of our
own expenses; but it appears that we have fallen
behind to the extent of $19,000, which we have
now to make up. I do not know how it is that we
are called upon to supply so large a deficiency as
that in the expenses of this department of the Gov-
ernment. 1 can see very well how a deficiency
may occur in the Wnr Department in a time like
this. There are quartermasters' stores, trans-
portation, and a thousand other things which could
not be anticipated. ,
But I am opposed, in tola, to these deficiency
bills, unless they are called for by extraordinary
contingencies. The observation 1 have been able
to give the subject during the six years that I
have been upon this floor, satisfies me that the
contingent fund of this House is all wrong. I
am sure that it could be reduced fifty per cent, if
it were properly managed. I want to have some
good reason before 1 shall vote in favor of this
large appropriation for that fund which is con-
tained in this bill. 1 shall want some assurance
from the Committee of Ways and Means—as I
have no doubt that they have been careful on the
subject—that these enormous appropriations for
the Army are authorized by the public interest.
We have voted $761,000,000 in one Army bill, and
now we are called upon in this bill to appropriate
$100,000,000 more. We have been called upon
to pass these hills withoutany discussion—with-
out any explanation of the items and their neces-
sity. I think that it is rather hasty legislation.
But I am particularly opposed to this whole defi-
ciency business. It is corrupt legislation. I do
not mean it in any offensive sense. It is against
the whole theory of this Government; and this
House, representing the people, and intended as
a check upon the Executive Departments, ought
to confine them strictly to the letter of the law.
Wo ought never, sir, to permit them to run into
expenditures unauthorized by law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr COX. I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object; as I
wish to say something in reply. The reason for
the deficiency m the 'Army appropriation is the
lar"e number of troops which have been added to
the3 Army since the adjournment of Congress.
There have been added as many as three hundred
thousand men. They were to be clothed, fed,and
put into the field. Ordnance and commissary
stores luid to be provided for them. That is the
sole reason for the large amount of this bill. I
agree with the gentleman that the officers of the
Treasury ought to be held to the most rigid re-
sponsibility. I believe that Congress ought at all
times to look with the greatest jealousy to their
exceeding the expenditures authorized by law.
One word in reference to this item for the repairs
of the President's house. It turns out that the
repairs deemed necessary by the Commissioner
ofPublic Buildings and Grounds cost $1,000; and
this appropriation is for that purpose. The work-
men have done the work, and they ought to be
paid for it.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WICICLIFFE. I move to add the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That no part of the money appropriated to pay
salaries and demands "rowing out of the civil ur diplom.itic
service shall be paid unless there iliall be a sufficiency of
monev in the Treasury to pay the arrearages due the so -
diers and sailors of the United States tor services rendered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I make the point
that the proviso is not germane to this part of the
blThe CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr WICICLIFFE. I think that it is ajust pro-
vision. I want these civil and diplomatic employes
of the Government to remain unpaid till the sol-
diers and sailors, who have been fighting for the
country > have been paid in full what is due to them.
The Secretary of the Treasury has informed us
that the reason why the Army and INavy ha\e not
been paid is this: that ho cannot manufacture
Treasury notes fast enough for that'purpose. I
want this House to provide in this bill that n°ne
of the civil officers of the Government shall be
paid until we have paid the brave soldiers what
is due to them. Why, sir, some of them have not
been paid for eight or nine months. They ought
to be paid before the clerks in the custom-houses,
or the clerks anywhere else. • _
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not Hi
order. ,
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
following:
■ For liquidation of agency debts contracted underrate
agents Head and Colley, and for the pay of employes to the
close of 1861, $7,500.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to insert
"of Colorado Territory," after the words " Head
and Colley."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the motion to strike
out this paragraph, because I think that it is not
germane to this bill, which is a bill to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1863. I do not under-
stand a deficiency bill precisely in the same way
as the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.] 1 do not
believe that it is intended to embrace cases where
money has been illegally and improperly ex-
pended. As I understand the philosophy of a de-
ficiency bill, it is to provide for cases where the
Executive Departments, by reason of unforeseen
contingencies, must have their appropriations en-
larged in order to carry them through the fiscal
year.
This, I think, is not a deficiency in any just
sense of the term. It is merely to pay an old
claim against the Government which may or may
not be correct. If it is correct, let it go through
the same sifting process and the same examination
that every other claim goes through that is pre-
sented against the Government. We ought not,
under the pretense of a deficiency, to provide in
a bill like this for claims that have accrued against
the Government, and that have not been paid
when they accrued, and when they ought to have
been paid if they were just; but we ought to let
them go to the Committee of Claims for their ex-
amination. Pray tell me why was not this claim
paid in 1861, when it accrued? And so of several
other of these chums. I think these items ought
to be stricken from the bill, as not properly be-
longing to it, as having no business here, and as
not being in a situation where they can be prop-
erly examined and investigated.
1 do not make the objection to these items here
for the first time, as my colleague on the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means [Mr. Morriix, of Ver-
mont,] knows very well. - I did suppose, how-
ever, that we might possibly have obtained further
information in relation to these cases than we have
been able to yet. I hope my colleague will take
the same view of the matter that I have done, for
I think it is the proper view, that in legislating
upon deficiency bills, they shall be strictly and prop-
etly deficiency bills, providing only for deficien-
cies, and not drag-nets to bring in old claims out-
standing against the Government, no matter how
long it may be since they have accrued.
Sir. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire that the
extract which I send up from the report of the Sec-
retary of the Interior may be read by the Clerk.
I think it will satisfy my colleague on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of the propriety of
this clause of the bill.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Washing ro^'j D. C., February 18, 1862.
Dh.vr Fir : By the returns of the spveral amenta of the
Colorado superfntendency, you will know that the agencies
of Messrs. Head and Colley are gteatly in arrear. No pay-
ments ibrftilaues or contingencies to Major Head have been
made since the establishment of his agency within Colo-
rado, nor are there any funds assignable to the expenses of
the supenntendeney or agencies.
A balance of $4,700, sent to me in December last, ha«
been assigned to the payment of pressing airearages of oid
standing. The sum of $7,500 is necessary to bring up the
payment of salaries and contingencies of urgent necessity
to the end of thf  year 1861.
Larue accessions of Comanche Indians, who have arrived
from Texas, and aie upon the upper Aikansas In a desti-
tute condition, demand an increase of means and vigilance
to restrain both them and the lesident Indians of the Ter-
ritory, rendered jealous and turbulent by this inciease of
strangers.
Vciy lOfepectfully, WILLIAM GILPIN,
Governor and Superintendent of Colorado Territory.
Charles E. Mix, Acting Convinissioner of Indian JJjfairs,
