1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
an uninterrupted and coidial and almost unani-
mous support. The Administration lias received
that support from the people. No administration
in a free government has ever received such a sup-
port, so generous, so universal. How has it been
requited ? The people, m the recent elections,
luive not decided ill favor of a dishonorable peace;
they have not decided in favor of an armistice,
which would subdue the martial spirit of their
gallant Army. No, sir; they have only decided
that this war shall be carried on, not to destroy
the Constitution, but to preserve it, in every one
ofits essential features; not to dissolve the Union,
but to restore it. It was a triumph of the Con-
stitution. The people have decided that their blood
and treasure shall be poured out like water rathei
than the Constitution and the Union shall be de-
stroyed. That is what the Democratic masses of
the country have decided. They will stand by
the Union and the Constitution, by their Army
in the field; but they demand, sir, that the price-
less blood of the nation shall not be wasted in
wild and visionary schemes, or the nation de-
stroyed in miserable efforts of pretended reform.
I say to gentlemen that by pressing their extreme
and visionary measures upon Congress they have
contributed to destroy that unity of opinion which
had pervaded the loyal States of the Union. At
the time that party assumed the powers of the
Government, after the most bitter political contest
ever waged 111 this country, followed by the tocsin
of war, the whole people of the loyal States, for-
getting the feuds of party, exhibited a patiiotic
devotion to theircountry, and an indomitable res-
olution to sustain the Government at every haz-
ard and peril, that has not its equal in self-denial
and strength of purpose in the annals ot the world.
Never, sir, were a people more brave and resolute;
never a people so controlled and guided by one
great idea; and never, sir, were a gteat and patii-
otic people so unfortunate in the men placed for
the time at the head of their alfairs.
The gentleman from Nebraska [Mr. Daily] said
well on yesterday that m the Revolution there
were men who opposed the Government which
patriotism was seeking to establish. In the war
of 1812, men, both in Congress and out of it, bit-
terly opposed the administration of Mr. Madison.
Tile war of 1846 was opposed in the sjiiritof pai-
tisanism by agrent and controlling political powur.
When, sir, in the past, has a defeated party cor-
dially sustained the Government in the hands of
their successful opponents when administered on
partisan issues?
But it came to pass, sii, that when that party
which is denounced as traitors, that party which
has never failed, through eighty years of peace und
war, in its devotion to the cause of liberty as in-
volved in the perpetuation of this Union, came
here with a minority, representing a minority at
home, the party in power found that minority
patient under defeat, self-denying, cooperating
with them in evety possible efiort to sustain the
Government. Sir, the present will not but nis-
torywill do justice to that paity, the party which
represents the people, the living masses, which
saw not the helmsman at the wheel, but only
liberty in danger, and rushed forward in its de-
fense.
At the outset, sir, the purpose of the war was
Clearly determined. A solemn pledge of the pur-
poses for which this war was to be prosecuted
was announced. It was clearly and wisely ex-
pressed in the resolutions brought before Con-
gress by the venerable statesman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden,] on the 22d day of July, 1861
 that the war forced upon us by the disuniomsts
of the South should not be prosecuted for the pur-
poses of conquest or subjugation, or to overthrow
the institutions of the States, but to restore the
Union with the rights, dignity, and equality of the
States under the Constitution unimpaired, lhe
Democratic party remained true to the whole of
that pledge, for it was a pledge on the part of Con-
gress, a pledge to the country. We have not wa-
vered from our engagement. We stood by it in
its letter and spirit, we stand by it still, while the
Republican party has trampled that engagement
under their feet. They have repudiated and
spurned that solemn compact made in an hour of
danger and distress. They have violated every
one of its provisions, and have sought to carry on
this war, not to restore this Union and unfurl the
old ilag, thesymbol of the old Union, again, fioui
the Gulf to the Lakes, but for the purpose of car-
rying out, at every cost of life and treasure, the
partisan dogmas which lie at the foundations of
that party. And yet they dare to complain of
divisions of opinion! Had they been willing to
yield a little; had they been willing to make some
sacrifices for their bleeding country; bad they ex-
hibited even the patriotism and self-denial of many
of their constituents at home; instead of divided
counsek and jarring factions here and widespread
distrustandapprehension at home; instead of the
clouds gathering darkly over us and the earth
rocking beneath us, the people, still loyal to the
Union, would have stood united and firm as one
man in the solemn resolve that the war should be
carried on until the Union, the priceless legacy
of our fathers, should be restored. Yet still, sir,
1 trust in God our people, rising abo ve the weak-
ness of this temporary Administration, inspired
by the patriotism of their fathers, will solemnly
resolve that, cost what it may of life or treasure,
the Union shall be maintained.
[Here the hammer fell.]
ENROLLED
BILLS.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, here reported that the committee had
examined, and found truly enrolled, bills and a
joint lesolution of the following titles; when the
'Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 440) concerning pardons and
the remission of penalties and forleituies in crim-
inal cases;
An act (S. No. 408) temporarily to supply va-
cancies in the Executive Departments, m certain
cases;
An act (II. R. No. 762) to change the times
of holding the circuit and district courts of the
United Stales for the district of Indiana;
An act (H. R. No. 707) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and othei works of defense,
for the year ending tile 30th of June, 18C4;
An act (II. R. No. 695) to provide for the ap-
pointment of an Assistant Register m the Treas-
ury Department, and a Solicitor for the War De-
partment, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 127) to amend the
" loi'nt resolution for the payment of the expenses
of the joint committee of Congress appointed to
inquire into the conduct of the war," approved
27th January, 1862.
MKSSAGE FROM TIIE SUN ATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (H. R. No. 709) for the ben-
efit of Simon and Emanuel Bamberger, without
amendment. .. .
The message also informed the House tnat
the Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested: .... -
An act (No. 509) to provide for the organization
of a signal corps lo serve during the present war;
a'All act (No. 535) for the lehef of Emma L.
Fuller.
INDEMNIFICATION BILL AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The time agreed upon for dis-
cussion having expired, the question is first upon
concurring m the Senate's amendment. 1 he Clerk
will read the amendment. -
The amendment of the Senate was read.
Mi. STEVENS. I wish to say a word in re-
lation to this matter. Gentlemen on the other side
seem opposed to this amendment. I think we are
unanimous upon the point that the amendment is
not a good one, and therefore I hope the House
will not concur m it.
Mr. CONWAY. 1 rise to a personal expla-
nation. , , .
Mr. WASHBUIINE. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot pro-
ceed without unanimous consent.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to lay the
bill and amendment upon the table, and upon that
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 4G, nays 104; as follows:
VF Messrs. William Allen, Ancona, Baily, Biddii',
Calvert' Cobh. Cox, Crittenden, Drtaplalne. Fouke, Gran
gw. Gilder, Hall, Haulm:;, IIolWRn, Johnson, Kerngan,
Knanp, Law, Lazear, Malloiy, May, Menztes, Morris,
Noble, Norton, Nugen, Odetl, Feiulie.ton, l'erry, Price,
Itobinson, Jam<;s S. ShieJ, Smith, William <G.
Steele;, Stiles, Henjamm F. Thomas, Vallandigham, Voor-
hees, Wadswortli, Chilton A. White, VVickhlFe, Woodruff,
Wright, and Yeaman—40. _
NAYS—Messrs. AMrioh, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Baker,
Baxter, Beaman, Bingham, Jacob B. Blair, Blake, William
G-. Brown, Bufiinton, Campbell, Cascv, Chamberlain,
Clemcmts, Colfax, Fredrick A Conkhng, Hoscoe Conk-
ling, Conway, Covode, Cutler, DavK Dawes, Delano,
Diven, Dunn, Edgetton, Edwards, Eliot, Elv, Fenton,
Samuel C. Fes&erulen, Thomas A. D. Feascwien, Fisher,
Fianehot,Frank,Goodwin, Guiley, flalm. Hale, Harrison,
Hickman, Hooper, Hutching Julian, Kelley, Francis W. "
Kellogg, William Kelloss, Lansing, Leary, Lehman, Loo-
mis, Lovejoy, Low, Mcindoe, McKoun, MclCnielH, Me-
Pher^on, Mars-ton, Maynard, Mitchell, Moorhead,.Justirt -
i S. Morull, Nivon, Noell, Olin, Patton,Timoti>y G. FUetp?,
| pi)u>, Pomeioy, Poiter, Potter. Alexander H. Rice, John
i II Rico, Riddle, Edward H. Hoilins, Sargent, Sedgwick,
I Se?ar, Shanks, Sheffield, Sheilabarger, Sherman, Sloan,
! Spauldtng, Stevens, Stratton, Trowbudge, V.m Horn, Van
! Vv\!kenbut j?h, Van Wvek, Vorrec, Walker. Wail, Wallace,
' Walton. Washbume. Webster, Wheeler, Albeit S. White,
I Wilson^ Windom, and Worcester—104.
So the House refused to lay the bill and amend-
merit on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. FRANK slated that Mr. Ward was do-
tained from the House by indisposition, and that
he had paired off with Mr. Gooch.
Mr. DAWES stated that Mr. Gooch was called
from the House suddenly upon very important
business, and that had he been here he would
have voted against laying the bill on the table.
Mr. WHEELER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Clark, had been confined to his room for several
days by sickness.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, stated that his colleague,
Mr. Morrill, was confined to his room by sick-
ness. , T„.
Mr. ICNAPP stated that Mr. Allf.n, of Illi-
nois, hud paired off with Mr. Arnold; that Mr.
Arnold would have voted in the negative, while
Mr. Allen would have voted in the affirmative.
The question recurring upon concurring in the
Senate amendment—
Mr. STEVENS called for the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays wore ordered. _
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 35, nays 114; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Baxter, Jacoli B. Blair, William G.
Brown, CalveinCa^cy,Clements, lie-roe Cnnklintr, Dawes,
Delano, Diven, Dunn, Franehot, Ilahn, Hale, Harrison,
Iloiton, Leary, Lehman. Loomis, Mclmioe, Maynaro,
jVlxon. Fallon,Tiwiot li \ G. Phelps, Portei, Potter, Alexan-
der II'Rice, Riddle, Sheffield, Sheilabarger, Benjamin F.
Thomas, Fiancis Thomas, Walton, Webster, and Wofcea-
tCNAYS— Messis. Aldnch, William Allen. Alley, Ancona,
Ashley, liabb.tt, ISailv, Halter, Beaman. Biddle, Bineham,
Blake, Buffinlon, Campbell, Cliambnlain, Cobb, Colfax,
Fiedenek A Conkhnu, Conway, Covodo, Cox, Cravens,
Crittenden, Cutler, Davis, Delaplaine. Edgerton, Edward?,
Eliot. Elv, Fenton, Samuel C. Fe^enden, Thomas A. D.
Fessendcn. Fisher, Fouke, Frank,Giaugcr, Godei,Gurley,
Hall, Hardin?, Iltclunan. Holman, Hooper, Johnson, Ju-
lian , Kellcv, FrancU W. Kellogjr, William Kello™, Kerri-
ean, Knapi). Lansing, Law, Lazear, Low, MeKeail, Mc-
lvnicllt, MePherson, Mallory, Man-ton, May, Menzies,.
Mitchell, Mnorhead, Justin S. Morrill, Morris, i\ol)lc, \0-
ell Noiton, Nuaeti, Odd], Olin, Fetry, Pike. Pomeioy,
I'lice, John II. Rice, Robinson, Ed wan! H. Rollins James
fci. Rollins, Saigent, Sedgwick, Scpir, Slranks. Sherman,
Sloan. Smith, SpauldmK, William G. Steele, Steven",
Sulci,; Stiatton, Tram, Tiowlmdge, Van Horn, Van \ a -
keidmioll, Van Wvek, Verree, Voorhecs, Wadsworth,
Walker. Wall. Wallace, Washbuine, Wheeler, Whaley,
Albeit ft. White, Chilton A. White, Wickliflo, Wilson,'
Windom, Woodiuff, Wnght, and Yeaman—114.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that a committee of
confercncc on the partof the House be appointed
upon this hill.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Stevens, Mr. Bingham, and Mr. Pendleton as
such committee.
NAVY CONTRACTS, ETC.
The regular order of business being called for,
The SPEAKER stated that the call of commit-
tees for reports was the business in order; that,
under such call, the pending business was the con-
sideration of House resolution No. 115, author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to release certain
penalties, which was reported yesterday, and laid
over until to-day.
The resolution, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Navy to release and discharge the
penalties, or the provisions in the nature of pen-
alties, in certain cases of unfulfilled contracts with
the Navy Department, made prior to the proela-
