170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 23,
The question was taken on Mr. Maynard's j
amendment; and it was disagreed to—ayes eigh-
teen, noes not counted.
Mr. WICKLIFFB. I offer the following pro-
viso, to come in at the end of line sixty-two, which
I think is the appropriate place:
Provided, Tlmt no part of tlie money appropriated to pay
salaries and demands growing out of the civil ov diplomatic
Mrvice shall be piid unless there s-hall be a sufficiency of
oiiey in the Treasury to pay the arrearages due the offi-
cers, f-oldiers, and sailors of the United States for services
rendered.
I do think that when the Secretary of the Treas-
ury tells us that the reason our soldiers have not
been paid is that he has not had the money to
supply the requisitions made upon his Depart-
ment by paymasters of the Army, we ought not
to permit him to apply such money as he may
have, or as he may hereafter obtain, to pay these
claims and salaries of civil officers, unless he has
sufficient money on hand to liquidate also the bal-
ance due to our soldiers and sailors.
I do not know whether these claims are just or
not; but I know that it is unjust that we should
pay salaries to civil officers, and things of that kind,
and leave those whoare in our Army unpaid for five
or six months, as some of them have been, because
there is not money enough in the Treasury. |
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I oppose the
amendment pro forma. 1
The question was taken on the amendment; and 1
there were—ayes 15, noes 37; no quorum voting. ;
Mr. WICIvLlFFE. If i can have assurance j
that gentlemen will give me the yeas and nays on j
this amendment in the House, I will not insist on 1
a further division. j
Mr. SARGENT. I object to any such arrange- :
ment. |
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded tellers ;
on the amendment. j
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gooen and
Sheffield were appointed. i
Thecommitteedivided; and the tellers reported \
—ayes 524, noes 65. !
So the amendment was rejected. |
No further amendments being offered— j
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved 'hat the j
committee rise, and report, the bill to the House, i
The motion was agreed to. !
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having j
resumed the chair, Mr. Loyejoy reported that 1
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order,had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly bill
of the House No. 617, to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1863, and had instructed
him to report the same to the House, with an
amendment, and wit lithe recommendation that the
bill do pass.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and beingengrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read (he third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
thetable.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. SHEFFIELD, (at
ten minutes to four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SEN.VTE.
Tuesday, December 23, ]H62.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before theSenate
a report of the Secretary of the Interior, commu-
nicating, in obedience to law, statements showing
the balances ofuppi opriations made for 1^61, the
amounts appropriated for 186x3, including repay-
ments and transfers of appropriations, and the
aggregate amounts applicable to the service of the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1862, and the balance
remaining m the Treasury at that date; which
was ordered to he on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a message of the President of the United
States, transmitting, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate of the loth instant, the report of Hon.
Reverdy Johnson, as Commissioner of the Uni-
ted States in New Orleans; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in obedience to law, a statement
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, of the
amount due to the Pottawatomie nation of In-
dians; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the chief clerk of
the Court of Claims, communicating, in obedience
to law, reports of that court in favor of the claim
of Daniel Warmer; the claim of Darius S. Cole;
and the claim of William G. Brown, accompanied
by the following bills:
A bill for the relief of Daniel Wormer.
A bill for the relief of Darius S. Cole.
A bill for the relief of William G. Brown.
The bills and accompanying reports were re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims. t
ADJOURNMENT FOR TIIE HOLIDAYS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following resolution from the House of
Representatives:
In the Housb q* Representatives,
December *2-.
Resolved, (the Senate concur] inc.) That when thu [louse
adjourn1? on Tuesday next, it adjourn to the thsT Monday ill
January next.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend 'lint resolution
so that it shall read, " that when the House ad-
journs on Wednesday next, it be to meet oil Mon-
day next."
Mr. FESSENDEX. I suggest to the Senator
that, as the resolution now reudti, it is only to
permit the House to adjourn. It does not con-4
template an adjournment of ihis body.
Mr. HALE. Let it be read again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will see it
if it is ao;ain read.
The Secretary a ire. in read it. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from j
New Hampshire proposes to amend the resolu- j
tion, as follows  _ J
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the amendment, if
that is the state of the case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concunirig in the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senate will not
concur in it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that the res-
olution is con fined to an adjourn ment of the House,
it does not include the Senate at all.
Mr. HALE. No.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is that the Senate will
consent that the House adjourn.
Mr. HALE. I simply wish to say that I be-
lieve such a resolution as this is withoutprecedent
in the history of the Government. I think it is. ;
The Constitution gives to either House the powei ]
of adjourning for three days without any concur- '
rent action; and I have never heard ofan adjourn- j
ment of a single House for a longer time than that. 1
If there is an adjournment to go beyond that, it i
hasbeenbyajoint vote adjourning the two Houses. 1
I hope the Senate will not concur in so novel and j
unprecedented a course. |
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do n«t think it is worth I
while, to use a common expression, to be whip- '
ping the devil around the stump. If we are to <
assent to the House adjourning over, it is simply i
a way of getting rid of business ourselves, and i
substantially adjourning over without so voting, j
Nov/, if anything is to be done, letua have a plain j
vote that both Houses of Congress adjourn over j
to a given time, and then we shall understand I
what we are about, and we shall take our share j
of the responsibility. I myself, sir, am opposed S
to any adjournment over at all, except an adjourn- j
ment over Christmas day, and perhaps over the |
following days, Friday and Saturday, as we should !
not be likely to do anything on those days in the i
present state of things. That I am not particular !
about; but in the presentcondition of the country, !
I do not think it would look well, and I do rru ;
think we should be doing our duty in adjourning i
for any considerable length of time. I shall feel i
it to be my duty to vote against it, in whatever j
shape it may come. " i
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
the resolution, and declared that the " noes" ap-
peared to have it.
Mr. WILKINSON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the resolution
be so amended as to strike out all that which re-
lates to the House adjourning, and insert that both
Houses shall be adjourned by the respective offi-
cers on the day named. The Secretary can put it
in the usual form. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike out
all of the resolution after the word " that" and
insert the following:
When the two Houses respectively adjourn to-(1;ty, it
tie to meet on the fiisl Monday in January next, at twelve
o'clock, m.
Air. SHERMAN. I have usually voted against
propositions of this kind, and intend to stay in the
city, and as a matter of course, therefore, have no
interest in voting for an adjournment; but from
my experience as a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives. I have never known any good to re-
sult from an attempt to hold sessions of Congress
during the holidays. I have been informed by Sen-
ators who have been here a long tune, that when
the attempt has been made to adjourn for three
days, as each House may do, it is practically an
adjournment over until after the holidays. I there-
fore see no reason why we may not make an ad-
journment and allow Senators and members who
desire to go home to do so. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on agreeing to the resolution as amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nuys,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Anthony, Arnold, Bayard. Brownin?,
Chandler, Cowan, Davis. "Field. Foot. Hardin?, Harris,
llowatd, Kennodv, Knisr, Lane oi Indiana. bauo of Kan-
sas McDniig.'ili, Xe.-imiii, Poin^'oy, Fowl!, ^aul-bury,
Sheiman, ^umn<v, Ten J'yek, Wilkinson, and W1U011 of
Mi-^ouri—29.
VYH—Mc^rr. Clark, Coliamer, Doohitle. Fessontien,
Foster, Grime.-'. If.tle, Jlailnn. Hu\v\ Latham, Tiuinbuil,
Wiliey, Wii^o/i of Massachusetts, anil Wnght—14.
So the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
PETITIONS A]NrD MEMORIALS.
Mr. HOWARD presented a memorial of mem-
bers of the bar of Detroit, praying for the passage
of an act providing for the restoration of Michi-
gan to the seventh circuit in connection with Ohio;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. HALE presented the memorial of Richard
W. Meade, a commander in the United State-*
Navy, praying relief from the injustice and erne]
action of the advisory board; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referied the bill (H. R.No.
511; to amend an act entitled "An act to reduce
the expenses of the survey and sale of the public
lands m the United States,"5 approved May 30,
1SG2, reported it without amendment, and ad-
versely.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee p\\
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. No. 109) in relation to the S'iouX
nation of Indians, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred so much of the
President's message as relates to foreign affairs,
have had the same under consideration, and have
directed me to report a bill (S. No. 43^") for the
relief of the owners of the Norwegian baric Ad-
miral P. Tordenskiold. They have also directed
me to report a correspondence between tin- De-
partment of State and the Swedish and Norwegian
minister at this place relating to the chum, which
I ask to have printed and laid on the table.
The hill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing, and the accompanying papers weie ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr.SUMNER,from the Committppon Forfisn
Relations, to whom was recommitted the bi!i(S.
No. 35G) to provide for lh«* wUlcment of the ac-
counts of Isaac R. Oilier, late consul at Rremen 
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WADR, from the joint committee on the
